Is Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdad No Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdad presents the Neil Rodgers show We're talking to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone the opinions of Neil his guest co-workers or anyone else on the show Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the weekly broadcast group now Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA And hey Sam, I'll go away. It's not that we don't like you, but we don't like God, is that thing real? Yes, Sam Not too low for me There he was just a walking on the sea And you are there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there there it is now there it'sБ the reason that we have any sedation. To the wild dead, it's dead, it's down, it's dead, it's all. And he's the reason that all the Christians were saying. To the wild dead, it's down, it's down, it's down. They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down. Praise him, kneel down the man who wore a thorny crown. Now, God! To the wild dead, it's dead, it's down, it's down. They praise him, kneel down, you!, You're like a dher, a dher, dumb... He's a Jew, you're like a dher, a dher... A dher, dumb, he's a Jew, do I dare to dher at dumb... He's a Jew, do I dare to dher at dumb... He's a Jew! Where's the father?! We only don't kill him. The key of the Christian!! All not??? Fear!!! contracts. Intermediate 토�kadin To use the P Club I'm right. We'll take it. We can get it from our Sanctuary 10 to 5 60 WQM. There'll be a lot of people belly it can. There's nothing worse than cry babies. That's state of Pennsylvania. They got one thing in common on the east end on the west end. A lot of cry babies there in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh went too bad. So anyway, so George had his first appearances. So I think we're going to spend a lot of time on this. Maybe we should have a contest. We don't have random prizes to go away on this cheap ass outfit. Maybe we should have a contest to see if anybody can guess how many people showed up. George is a parent Saturday at the Buick joint down there in the homestead. Let me give you a clue. Yeah, that's the clue. Not two, not one, but whatever is right before one. And of course, you know, this is like sabotage sales holes. I don't want to mention no names. I'll give you a clue which sales person was behind it. I can't mention his name for obvious reasons. But what kind of jackass sends one of our people down there to homestead? Do you think we really have anybody listening in homestead? We used to before they hold town, you know, disappeared in the hurricane, which was very sad. But is there anybody alive left in homestead? No. In fact, that dealer, they said, last time they had a customer was before a customer was a baby. Something like that. That's what they said before the base shutdown. They were selling buggy's back then, I think. So George, it was down there for two hours and him and what's his name? The nephew. No, well, what? Oh, Pablo, Pablo. The real star, the real star. How about, hey, Lota. And even he couldn't drive anybody to homestead. Oh, ha ha ha ha. Now, if you would have been smart and had Ricky Martin. What? What are you laughing about? You think Ricky Martin would have drawn in homestead? No. Is there anybody alive? No. How about Britney Spears? No. Back to our boys. No. Anybody. Ed Sullivan, if they brought his body back. No. Number of pine, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I play a pie. I go to the Scotty bowl and look. Red one. What a hell of a team. What do you mean your heart goes out to them? Well, you usually say that is condolence. What do you mean your heart goes out to them? My hat, my hat. Oh, your hat goes off to them. Or my anyway. Yeah, you maybe your rectum. Yeah, just like Brian Murray said, the mayor's too bad about that. Steve, he eyes your many too small. I'll never be a great player. Nice going, BM. By the way, beat his brother and that's stupid. Ming was, uh, Canada, the US game yesterday. So you pretty much think you're going to sweep the, uh, have a lunch? Well, I think they're going to sweep the avalanche. The avalanche suck. Yes. Who's going to give them competition? Well, it's not going to be the avalanche. I guess it's going to be Dallas, ain't it? Yeah, I think. By the way, Dallas is pretty lucky to be getting by St. Louis. Uh, man, they're lucky. Grand fewer players. They're crappy game in goalier than I. The first finished. He is, uh, grotesque. Well, he must won't go off. Okay, have a great day, sir. So we got a hockey call right off the bat. Let's hear a man. See, the newspaper here. You're looking at the sports section loaded with basketball crab. I'm telling you, basketball is not for white people. That's what Lenny Martens just said when he came in here. He's got his next jersey on. He's a Schwarzier from Puerto Rico. He's a big Nick Span. He's a hockey fan. Well, he can't let nobody's perfect. I don't know how he got that hockey stuff. What? That's what he said. He said he grew up on the air. Maybe he said he threw up on the NHL. Something like that. I thought he said grew up on it. It's for the NBA. It's for Schwarzier. That's what he said. And they, uh, clowns we got in the morning. And the newspaper, Pappa, pappa, pappa, nobody really cares. Except those plastic idiots with their cell phones that the arenas all around the country, including the Miami arena. Which they needed to know where we needed it like they needed to hold him ahead. Here's a mobile and pappa, no, hello. Yeah, I go in the morning. I'm sure with your a hockey knowledge, you'll agree with me. But they got to keep all those millions in Canada watching the NHL. Because that's the only thing going on right now. And that non-poll on that game last night. And I guarantee you, you know, I know you'll agree with me. That was the worst non-call I've seen in a crucial situation for penguins. No, I will not agree with you on that at all. That is terrible. I've seen a lot of skated. Sir, do you want to do you want to respond to what? It was a bad non-call, but I've seen many many worse even just in this year's playoff. Already rolling the second round. A friend of mine was watching the game with me. He says they ain't going to let Toronto get eliminated. They're going to do anything they can to go. That's the worst thing. You know, you have any idea what's sour grapes that sound like? That's a lot of skated well. They played a great game that he's earned. If that was the case, then how come in a Philadelphia game? They're in the last game. They had five penalties in a row against the least. You sound like Bobby Clark now and it's not me. That's absolutely unacceptable. What's unacceptable? I didn't say that. The other guy said that. You know, we'll come to Toronto when I was there. Tell me to cry baby. Okay. Tell them I have a guy named cry baby party for him and all the other. Let's cry for all those sorlosers. And let me say again, no matter what team you root for, if you get the benefit of a crappy call or a non-call, say okay, thank you. We'll take it because all teams get a lot of other bad calls against them. So we'll take it. Thank you. Yeah, it was a bad non-call. But all those penguins, I guess what? I hate to break the news. You the score was still three, two Toronto at the time of that took place. Hate to break the news, do you? Okay. And they weren't going to beat Kojula again in their last night. It wasn't going to happen. I don't give a crap what the hell they say. Unless they knocked him in the net again, like they did on Titov school. Let's see to that. All these cry babies, okay. They can't handle it that the mighty maple leaves won a game last night. I think the secret was Bob Cole was out sick didn't do the game last night. Chris covered it on CBC. And by the way, Chris covered in hairy Neil of the CBC. They both said it was a terrible non-call. How do you like that? They both admitted that it was grow testkin in the unbelievable, but we'll take it. 9 minutes after 10, by the way, 60 minutes will be talking about. All those edges would priest out there. I've been telling you for years. There's no fact in the church. If you need no appliances, electronic equipment and you'll wall of keep saying, No. Just going to one of appliance TVD postory locations, and you'll be astonished. You'll be shocked. You'll be amazed at how low the prices really are in the price. Nobody repulses you more. A matter of three. When I was eleven. All right. He said he would say, I'm a soul. Father old school guy. But we made a D tour on the way to heaven. And into the end of that room we did take a stroll. I was he was standing in his underwear. So me to bend over and say a prayer. Right, though. Well, that was Roland. I heard my best thank you man. I got my list of battles. Prejuvenate the humble directory. The next day. I felt like a sinner. Tonight showed up to get communion. But on that turn. That was in a way for. Can it fall back? Why not drip in? I'm not cheating. Work work? Well he was standing in his underwear. Oh, tell me to bend over and say a prayer. What up is broken wind and thank you man. I got my list of battles. Prejuvenate the humble directory. Oh, right. Yeah, he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and say a prayer. Pulled up his ribbon and thank you man. I got my list of battles. Prejuvenate the Reggiree. Right, though. Hell, it damn their children. Okay, so again, that's 60 minutes piece. Just a second. But first we got a mobile. What was that? I think was that he. But was so muffle. You couldn't even tell. Yeah. Wasn't even a real call from home. I tell you. And on a bad cell phone that you really couldn't tell. But I put it on here. See, there's nobody down there in home. Stay. Don't feel so bad. I know you feel really, really. George is really upset about it. And he's sniffing more than those penguins fans after that bad non-call. I said, and that may believe when for the two. At your can of the center. Come on. There's got to be somebody listening at home. Sit right now. Come on. Before we do anything else. I'm sure. Let's lay the gauntlet down. Or the challenge. This can kill a couple hours. You don't believe that anybody's going to call. Do you think that everybody's gone? All right. Homestead line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. All right, Neil. Good. Are you in homestead? Yes, sir. I am. All right. There you go. That didn't take long. I'm sorry. How bad I feel. Yeah. I feel so bad. How bad. I feel so bad that I could walk outside and jump in the pool. I don't know. I can deliver a brain. At 10-Fill-3. What? Saturday. Yeah. We drove by Armstrong on motorcycles. The place looked like a ghost house. It was. It was buttoned up. The band was sitting at the front. Close. A window's up. It was closed. Yeah. I was so in the night. I thought it could be. The neck was smoking. That could be. My wife didn't think I should look. We got to go by and see George. So we drove. We drove. In other words, you and your wife could have been the ones. We could have been made a smashing success. And my son and his girlfriend. The four of us could have been. Here's a for some. A for some on motorcycles. Is his girlfriend hot? Yeah. Well, he George now really feels bad. I feel bad. I feel terrible. Yeah. Because I want to go see George. But when I go by there at 10-Fill-3, I'm looking around. I'm like Jesus. Well, what time are you there? One to three. Oh, he was there right up till three. He would have been there for it. In fact, that would have turned a dismal failure into a smashing success. And he would have been there for it. Jesus Christ, I apologize. I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry. This is you set the apology. No. No. Come on. I'll be a heart-edgeer. No. No. He's right. He's pissed. We tried. Four of you. Four of us. What were you going? We went home. We've been down in the case. Yeah. And it's I feel terrible. I was the one. So we were home like any place special. You just were going home. Yeah. But you couldn't spare the five or ten minutes of what made George feel better. You had one? Three flowers. Oh, and I don't really really kept him away. It was probably that Pablo Pelota. I forgot about him. Yeah. Thank God. Okay. Well, again. Okay. Do we accept it? No. No. No. No. No. That's bad. See, you were almost you run the verge of greatness. You almost had what? You almost had a force of there including this guy's son and his hot girlfriend. Or whatever it was. Whatever they said. Some took they picked up on a street somewhere down in the keys. I don't know what it was all about. But they didn't show up. God damn it. Oh, Christ. That's this audience for you, man. They just don't care enough to send their very damn best. Just like these calls here this morning. You watch it's Monday again. Here's Miami. Hello. Any. Yes, sir. Call the body isolated incident. Yeah. I just want to make sure you saw it. Did you see the whole thing? Yes. A lot of chicken. I've been had my tape going on the hockey game. And I was a little bit scared of it. Because I had seen the promos all day long to make sure I didn't miss that. I told my dad last night he missed it. He never missed a 60 minutes. I said, Oh, crap. You missed the best one. You'll be going on the moral. Well, 60 minutes seem to be one of the only shows in America that every now and in like steps into this. You know, we're the world of, uh, fact that I've been a priesthood. They didn't try to cover it up too much. They did. They wanted you to sign all these papers. They wanted to be in 10 grand. And then they said, oh, and then they got the lawyer from Notre Dame. They're how do you like this asshole? Well, if he didn't if he didn't want to, if he didn't like what was going on, he should have just left. He had no business exposing it so to speak. It's probably was too much exuding them. Yeah. Anyway, I just call him to do it. By the way, I must say it pretty interesting selection of cards that they were sitting in the mail. Oh, yeah. Yep. Yeah, I know. Okay, have an everything. And just don't forget one thing, sir, no matter what you do. There's no fact in the church. Yeah, in case you missed the 60 minutes piece, which obviously most of you did. Most of you ostriches out there with your head buried in the sand. And once again, they show the same scenes in the church and all these idiots, these lemmings, these imbicils, go in there opening their mouths wide while they're sticking the way for intersticking out their tongue. Maybe it's me, maybe it's an old bag like me, but when I see a guy walking into a place, and he opens his mouth and sticks his tongue out in another guy. And the other guy sticks something in his mouth. There's a word for that. Okay. So, forget one of them on his knees. Yeah, and yeah, that's right. And the one guy's on his knees. And why, you know what they call that? It's a gate club you moron. That's what they call it, man. These imbicils, these idiots. And see, they can't admit now, if this late stage in their lives, even if they're young people out there, they've been brainwashed and brought up, that they're preached, they're all a bunch of fags, which is nothing wrong with being a fag. Unless, of course, you were a hypocrite. And unless, of course, you're busy pretending to be something that you're not, which is the murk and f in way. Most of the time, that's what this country is obsessed with. Most people pretending to be something that they're not. Like Ricky Martin, I'm sorry. Leave him alone. He's paid his dues and he, you know. He probably went. He probably was put through the ringer, so to speak. They taught him the ropes and how to skip. And they bushed him up a little bit. And I emphasized just a little bit, given like a fourth makeover. He's bigger than Murray Tyler Moore and the six million dollar man. All right. So, again, a card like a lot of Ricky Martin and the paper there and pictures from like Manudo and all this other crap. Been here that Manudo most of the kids in that group are all molested. And they heard that just a few months ago, but not Ricky Martin. No, no, thank God for that. Jesus God. So we need to be hearing about his that night. And isn't he Puerto Rican? That means he's probably Catholic. So, you know, I mean between between the rock group and the church, they got him coming and go and so to speak. God dang. So anyway, here's this guy. And by the way, if you did see the whole piece on 60 minutes you last night, you're just that this Jesuit priest wannabe, this is seminary and whatever it Hollywood, he was a homosexual admitted, but he was celibate. Aren't we all celibate? Of course, we don't want to get a me to pissed off again. An Alvin dark get them all started up again. And Dr. Kimedy, right? Right. But anyway, so he's in a priesthood and the old, the old lech that he's driving to the airport here and there. He's like his chauffeur. His gofer. And he says, well, you know, we're going to have to get the sexual part of this thing straightened out straightened out just a little play on words. You know what I'm saying? We're going to have to get it straightened out. And that was only the beginning. As Chicago would say, if they were here to sing it, only the beginning. And then you start to get these cards, these greeting cards in the mail, these new Puerto Rican guys with their, and you know, 60 minutes since this is America, they had to put like little stickers over the penises on those cards. And then they had to put like little little little thing and big things in some cases over the penises on those cards. Because God forbid that we sure should show you that the priest and any start getting cards from the other Jesuits there and these seminal place. What have I been telling you? Why do I think they call it rectumary and why does it a seminal place? And so this guy finally got pissed off and he decides to sue. And you see, when it's convenient for the religionist, oh no, you can't sue us because then the government is sticking their nose in our fairs. It's separate the church in state. We got the first amendment to protect us. So when it comes to their tax exempt status or the fact that there's all this sexual harassment going on, then all they stand by separates the church in state. So when it comes to sticking their nose and they're trying to tell everybody else what to do, and then they're trying to do that. And then they're trying to tell everybody else what to do, and then they're trying to get rid of the government and you know, all the right to life, many acts, and every other God then issue that they're all whipped up to a friend's you about, then all of a sudden there's no more separation of church in state. Then they stick they stick it right in there and they're nose too. I'd like to know how one self-respecting Catholic could watch that piece of great priest. And if I ever had an answer, oh, never. And you'll notice they wouldn't allow it. In fact, I felt like I was a part of this thing last night because all those years that I was on a year on W.S. News, doing a serious talk. And I had ministers on and rabies on every denomination, the Lackos on, Holy Joe, all was a glam. But it was only the Catholic church wouldn't allow any of their people to come on a year. See, they just ignore you. They just don't want it. If I can use that term. Just like they were doing last night, remember the same thing. Oh, well, this one wouldn't respond to our request for an interview and the church wouldn't let this one speak in Yadiadi. Of course, they do because silence is what it's all about. That's their theme song and the church is silence is golden. And the old queens are olden. They're holding it. I mean, this is the biggest, this is the biggest gay club in the world is the Catholic church. And I can't, I can't seem to convince anybody and to keep showing these segments on there. Every few months, somebody who butcher's up and gets the balls to put it on there for you and show you what's going on. And then these idiots go out there and they go into these pre, they sit there in a confessional. And the priests are getting their rocks off. That's right. Oh, I thought maybe there was like a, uh, maybe we're having a tornado outside again. Like the ones in Oklahoma, maybe those were those stomping sounds I heard. And the confessional next to me, right? That's it. Nothing like being just a little bit naive. Who's being naive now, okay? That's right. They just don't want to deal with it. They don't want to accept it because that's like an admission that their whole life has been alive. That somebody lied to them. If they lied to you about Santa Claus, they lied to you about father or two also. Okay. Is that okay? No. I didn't think so. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. Glory holes. It started out a regular guy who joined the directorie and made the ultimate sacrifice and raising celebrity father or two. Oh, amen. On the moon, on the moon, on the moon, on the moon, on the moon. At time when father's earthly means compromise his choice. He's found the way his youth gets really fight altering young boys. I love the road to amen. On the moon, on the moon, on the moon. He was happy and gay. He's still here, got caught. Biasome shadowed down. Then the Vatican says, everyone off. And he didn't have to go to jail. Father will soon. Amen. Oh, but on the moon, on the moon. They sent them to a three-for-three where they jenn you flex and pray. If it was you, or it was me, they blocked up a road that he's away. Father, go to amen. Oh, right. Only the moon. Father will soon. Amen. Father, I want to hear from everybody I've first and has been molested out there by the priest and nuns. Everybody that's been spanked by the nuns, everybody that's been molested by the priest, and been invited to participate in these circles, jerks or whatever they were talking about last night on 60 minutes. I mean, how long do they think they can keep covering this up? Okay? There is, I mean, made for TV movies all over the goddamn world. They're like pointing the finger at it. And how about those, the singing, the Swiss guard there? Remember that? That's candle, huh? Almost said the singing none. What ever the hell they were? 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Look at the reaction here today, huh? The same old, you know, actual fact in the church. Same old crap. They're in denial with Cleopatra. Here's a mobile and front-le-red, chill out. Hey, how you doing, man? Okay, sir. Unfortunately, I just got to tell him that. Yeah, sir, yeah. But yeah, it is, I do know a person, by the way, this guy is 24 years old. He'll be ordained in the next two months. Yes. And this guy was the biggest part guy. And he went to U of F. The guy was doing everything up and down, up and down to book. And all of a sudden he's going to be a priest. Anyway, I did catch Ricky Martin. I'm even persuaded to go, I got a regular map of shit. 560, 560, pound 460, pound 460, pound 460, pound 560 on a mobile one line. See, that's what they want to talk about as Ricky Martin. Not the fact that we got this corrupt institution. You know, it's just unbelievable. Nothing can move these bastards off the dime. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Margade, hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hi, I'm Xamalont. I was in the first time, caller. And I love you, shout out. I love you, show. And keep up the great work. Can I make a request? 560, we got no calls here this morning. This is going to be just like last Thursday all over again. Why did we get pretty damn good? Maybe just Fridays all come in from now on. I'll let's not good because I like those three day weekends. The cats got their tongues again here today. Here it's our Florida Land of the Walking Dead. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Me time they're having this big summit entertainment industries at the center of the youth. Some of it here's Jack Valetti again, who never saw violent movie hidden like. And I'm watching MTV, all the stuff all these videos we've been talking about the last couple of days. And I'm watching MTV and I got that celebrity, what do they call it? Death man. Several celebrity death match that they only show about 80 times a day with Pat Say Jack and Alice Trebek getting squashed in the blood splurton all over the place. And one of the make believe characters on her says, oh yeah, MTV, more television violence. Yeah. Is it funny? No. Not even remotely, but hey, you know. Because let's face it as opposed to individual responsibility. It's a lot easier to have these summits in finding escape codes. Because that's what we do back in this country. It's fine scapegoats, right? That's right. Don't we somebody else's fault? Nobody takes responsibility. Parents don't take responsibility. Kids don't take responsibility. So why don't you show anybody else? Let's find escape codes. Let's start pointing fingers and start blaming each other. And then we can all get a bunch of guns and go out and. They're soft and chewy each other. It was your fault. Okay, but not with yours. All right. We'll do it again. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, Zala. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Can you hear me? I hear you hear me? I know. Listen, I think you way out of the way, man. It's kind of all that you see on TV yesterday. So my idea of a thing is we're providing the man. It's not really Apple. Yeah. I'm very happy. Listen, listen, man. You have different choices. And when you start talking about a life date, that is where we are problem with the kids to be. You are up in the globe. You know, that's no right, man. You know. Yeah, that's why we had the tornadoes in Oklahoma because I'm speaking whatever I'm saying. Why don't you learn to speak English? Okay, my banana boat friend. Whatever to tell you talking to him. Do you understand what he was saying? No. What about Oklahoma? I have no idea. Here's a mobile and a bell. Hello. Hey. Did I make? Yes, I hear you. 20 years old, 80. Catholic school 13 years. Yes. I'd rather want to Catholic school through all of life. But a bunch of crap. Pre-student lives for having to have the women I've ever been in. It's pretty close. Right. Three tickets. I don't understand what people can open a goddamn eyes. But he said to each of you for grown-up. Exactly. I mean, what all I mean, every- And then look at you, man. Yeah, and I am a parent. You thought we could piss off, and it was bad enough. I was forced to go to church two, three, four times. It was a freaking week. And my brother and I used to get together all the time. I just told him, what the hell are we doing here? His mom and dad insisted it was a better education. And meanwhile, when I got kicked out of school, I got the same guy. He booked a public school, but I did what I went to Catholic school. All right. Just what that crap. And that's all the bloodless transcribator you go. Yeah. Well, he had from me, oh, from the men anyway. Okay. I bless you, sir. Okay. He's like his son. Whatever that means. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the year. Let's bring it out of the closet here today. Lay it right out of the table. Whatever that first guy said there before. Whatever. But if I wanted to talk about anybody know about that. Well, send us a letter and explain it to us. Because I sure as I couldn't figure it out. Here's a hell of a deal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Been a long time. Has there ever been any good Catholics, Neil? What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Well, he has to do with what we're talking about. I'm asking you. Yes, sir. Good answer. Better practice. Yes, sir. What does that have to do with what we're talking about? Is that your way of obfuscating what we're talking about? Well, what are you going to talk about the good Catholics? Well, we're not talking about good anything. We're talking about a scandal. Why can't you talk about it? I can talk about it. Well, I'm here. What do you have to say about it? I've never heard of that. One in OK. See, he won't respond. It's the same old game again. Papa, papa, you know what the blinders are? Don't confuse me with the facts. We're not saying all Catholics are bad. All Jews are bad. What we're saying is that religions are corrupt and pull a crap. And yours is one of the worst. The biggest closet in the world is the Catholic Church. But don't confuse this guy with the fact. OK. Don't respond to what we're talking about. And it's not something Neil Rogers is making up on a radio. There was on 60 minutes last night. And they've had several of these pieces on a few of the part and that expression over the years. Like the one priest that says, oh, it was OK that he was having sex with that young girl because there was no passion involved. Remember that one? And Mike Wallace and the camera crew have following him down at Mountain Road there, or wherever the hell they were in some banana boat place. And he kept running away and running away and they're following him around. Just keep running. Just keep covering up like a little dog. You know, dog goes out in the yard and says a number. And then it walked like my little dog goes about 10 in the yard's away. And then kicks up a tide like it's trying to cover up. It's, yeah. But guess what, when you go out there and take a closer look, there's still a pile of right there right in front of your post. But you can't deal with the canus. All these religion this man just like there's an our letter of the editor of the day in the Sun Sentinel. Killers religion irrelevant says, Bert and some a glass in coconut creek. We were all Paul that the necessity of your paper to emphasize several times that one of the teenage killers was of Jewish heritage and celebrated the Jewish holidays, etc. We don't ever recall reading about the importance or even the mention of the killer's religion. And what how lazy of zero before he slaughtered is in people. Are you trying to imply something shame on you? Our opinion of your newspaper is extremely diminished. So they say, of course, the fact that it was on Hitler's birthday that these two scumbags decided to go in there and kill a bunch of people. And the fact that they were like Neonaties and had the swastikas on their website. Maybe that might make it relevant to you think. Yeah. Yeah. Bert and some a glass who haven't only can't see to the God in glass. Maybe it's half empty or maybe it's have who knows what it is. Half full of crap. All these uptight people. I'll go pick it on my fairy tales God damn it. Seems to me that it's highly relevant. But then what do I know? Notice how hostile they get. They're all hostile. And the canus responded what I'm talking about. They had to get all bent out of shape. That's a good way to cover it up. Like I said, little dogs out there kicking his legs up. But they're all pile of still there. Big smelly pile. Just like what you got in your church. A big smelly pile. Twenty-two eleven at five sixty wqm. You want to get traction in the church. High-discordian girl. To think you get the very special friends that's by show us all about. Come on in the sky, man. Come on in the sky, man. I already let it. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Ooh, I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like a cat. I pushed my cat. It's me bagboard. I want to pay. Hey. Ooh. Can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Ooh. It's run your hands. I got it. So? Hey, like velvet. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow. Hey, you put your mouth around it and you blow. Ooh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Ooh, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got that, you're mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I'd like like this. Hey, that's a boy. You can't run away down yet, throw that. Hey, you mean you're doing it right? What's the special thing here? That's me, Chanda. What do we do with that? What are we doing, lad? We do it, lad. You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down, Michelle. Real quick. Hey, run your hands up and down. No, what you want to do, lad? Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shelf. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, hit, hit, hit, hit. Good, lad. Good, lad. Hey, lad. Hey, lad. Sure. Yes, good, lad. Keep going. No harder, lad. Adder. Squeeze the bag. Please, mom. Let's run your hands up and down the shelf. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down the shelf. No, run. Run. Run. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're not going to do that again. After the kiss, me, but her, maybe. 1046 is 550 W2M headgover from Shola State 212. It's a clock. You're mad. It's six. We got the Marlins and the Padres. The Red Hot Marlins actually won a series. Any interest? No. That's the 939. Any interest? No. So anyway, let me tell you what the normal is. Okay. Normal is somebody that wants a sex life. Whether it's heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, homosexuality. The whole concept of celibacy is sick, it's abnormal. It's unacceptable. It's ridiculous. And of course, it's the way of saying, Wow. You see, we're spiritual. We're not sexual. We're not like of the flesh. We're out sucked into that part of that expression. In that whole business with the flesh, we're like better than you are. We're whole year than you are. So therefore, we could like, you know, tell you who's daughter, you're nice and what to do where to stick at et cetera. Even though we don't know anything about it, allegedly. Ted or sexual couples going to a priest for marriage counseling? I mean, are you kidding me? You have to be out of your mouth! Like the manual, the guy said, is last year. Remember, it said, don't do it manually or any other way. That manual. I think he used to do the lawnwork manual. I mean, just unbelievable. From this twisted closet. That's what they ought to call it. Remember that thing, the twisted cross. They ought to call it the twisted closet. Is what it is. And that guy before I love people like that, I get sexual excitement from people like him. They're really good Catholics. They're screaming in yelling. Try to cover it up. Cover up your tracks, man. You're in, it's not working. It's not working. You can't cover it up. You can scream loud and carry on. And all that shows me is that you can't deal with the truth. And it would bother me to, if my whole life had been invested. And then I find, in believing in something, this corruptness bankrupt. And it turned out to be totally bogus. Like those infomercials they have on Sunday morning. Man, oh man, I'm telling you, you want to lose some weight. I'm just sitting front of your TV said, kill some good time. Make sure you're not eating anything while you're watching. They got the fat burners, baby. They got eight million different products that'll burn up all that fat. Of course, we know that dietary fat doesn't make you fat. But don't confuse them with the fact that they want your goddamn money. Just like the church. I think it's appropriate they didn't for commercials around here on Sunday morning. Right around and in between and sometimes in the middle of those church programs. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Daniel. Yes, sir. I want to talk about this Jenny Jones case. Apparently she lost and now she has to pay whoever $25 million. I think that's disgusting. I think that's America once again. Yeah, it's lawyers is what it is. Once again, we are as Americans. We put the blame on somebody else. Right. I've talked to a few of my friends. They all think that Jenny Jones was, you know, in the wrong. And this guy shot the guy three days later. Right. How is Jenny Jones this should the gun? I agree with you. You know, in addition to which one of the things that they don't talk about in the straight press, by the way, is that these two guys in at six, they don't want to be talk about them. I didn't even know that. Well, there you go. They hadn't had enough fair. They had sex. And then the one guy to side of three days later was bad for whatever. And the side of the blow is a crap away. It's just, I mean, one day we all have to stop and blame everybody else. Right. And then the people were shooting each other. That's the American fucking way. I guess it is. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. I'll take part of that 25 million by the way. Ridiculous. As a nine. I mean, no matter how growth test this shows are, no, it's very springer to matter how people are going to start taking responsibility for their own actions. Did that, you know, the end of that was like that was like the Ronnie Zamora thing all over again. Oh, television talks, vacation, TV made me do it. Being on that show made me do it even though it was three days later. It took me three days to get around the doing it to get pissed off and fired up. Crazy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound-time 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in your field, be chill out. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know what? I listen to you, show. And there's a lot of things you say that you want people to agree with you. But you can't go like that, Neil. You can't go like that. It doesn't go like that. You want people to agree with you. I don't care when you agree or disagree. Am I telling you you have to agree? It's like you want people to be all to be hated. No, nobody can do that. We can't do that. Be hated with what? What are you talking about? No, you're talking about, you know, there's no God. There's no God. You can't tell. Sir, I'm talking about a piece that was on 60 minutes last night. Can you handle that? Did you see it? No. You know what I'm talking about? No, I'm a friend of the day. If you answer, there's no. What do you call me show for? I want to talk to people that know what I'm talking about. That would be a good start. And as far as what, if you want to believe your fairy tales be my guest. I don't want to respect you to agree with me. You believe whatever crap you want to believe, sir. It's a free country to appoint. I'm almost of course you want to stress a different opinion from the mainstream in which case you have to take a lot of crap, but I'm used to it. One call on a board here. Look at that. After this piece on their last night. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. What? This, I'm counting it. This is the last place in the world. This area. This town. This part of this peninsula that hangs down there. They took it to discuss any of these things when expecting it any kind of response. Taking it a hundred years to figure it out. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And the response you do get is guys like this Jackass. Give me a song at an ante. Don't even know what I'm talking about. Yes. The reason I caught actually was because I did that. Did you have a point about the Scotland? Yeah. I played golf with a guy recently. He and his wife were Scotland. And he sounded exactly like it. And when he missed a shot on one hole, it says, oh, I blew that hole. But the guy and I were playing golf with an E.L.P.D. Our pants. It's like happens so hard. Yeah. He blew it. In response to that guy with Jenny Jones, the lawsuit was filed by the police. The police. The police. The police. Well, the lawsuit was filed by the family. The guy shot. Right. He was saying that Jenny Jones, so should have known the Disguise met the way unstable. They shouldn't have stayed. Right. Well, I didn't know. And let me say it again. The two guys had had a sexually liaison. Okay. They were both homosexual. They had had sex together. And so how in the world would they have known that? In addition to which, it came out during the trial that he was aware that this guy would have been the one that they were going to bring on. He was already aware of that. Right. Well, that's the whole point. That's why it's so ridiculous. Okay. God bless you, sir. Thank you. And like I said, we'll take the 25 minutes. We'll have a good time with it. We'll just give it to the church. Then I have a lot more money to cover up these things. If they would offer this guy more than 10,000, then everybody would have made 60 minutes last night. I mean, 10,000 bucks to get serious. 10 million, maybe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. As we keep probing and searching. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Hey, honey. How you doing? Okay, sir. I wanted to bring up three different things. First of all, with a Jenny Jones, one of the things they mentioned about a guy who was unstable, is that he's an alcoholic. And talk about denotic accepting responsibility. You ever noticed how drugs and alcohol, I mean, that's this condition. And that, you know, alleviate any responsibility on yourself. Yeah, too bad. Yep. Too bad. You're not your zances, what I say. Exactly. The other thing I was going to do is get more. Is that talk, you know, those information. If you search around on those TV stations, you always have those religious nuts. Where you can put your hand on the TV screen. And then, you know, they say, oh, you're, you know, your gobladder will be healed or whatever. You put your, your hand on the TV screen. And they got all these people calling and do a descendant more money. And the third thing I was brought up Catholic. I went through a CCD all that. And I was actually propositioned by my CCD teacher. He wanted to put his cox a hoist in my ass. And so I had to get out of that real quick. Maybe he had a crack cox this like a Greg Reed. Maybe. Or maybe just had a crack problem. Okay. Thank you, sir. There you go. And I know there's a lot of you out there that wanted to admit it. I understand it's a very sensitive area. So to speak. I mean, you know, what was the story? Was he going to massage your, Oh, maybe just massage your ego. Maybe that's what's father wanted to do. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And for that guy, they're called before about, are there any good Catholics? This isn't the show about the dogs that didn't get lost. Here's the list of all the names. Here's a mobile in line 10. Hello. Yeah, hello. No, but this guy, I'll say he thought it was a girlfriend. I was going to show up at the show. I'm a bigger person. Well, I did. That is 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And let me see it again. The reason he wasn't going to beat the. Oh, the hammer anybody. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Again, the reason he wasn't going to beat the. Oh, the hammer anybody else is because of two of new each other and they already had sex. Oh, geez. Well, you can't handle that, Kenya. God forbid that they're hearing about all these things going on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And see, it's going to be another big Monday here at the big, the, the, not so okay, around. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I hope it's Friday at 6. Meaning what? What did you talk to him about? Get it wrong. Yeah, Friday at base. Fry her. There you go. Okay. A lot of mouth check-ass. Okay. One call left in the board. I guess we can play Brittany Spears from now until to a clock. We can just the spirit. Or what you just play spirit. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Anybody in town from out of town? Let me say it again. What you hear is what you get. The dead is placed on the face of the earth. Even in cow cutters paradise compared to here. And speaking of the hypocrites, by the way, the hero line. I know the thanks to Adam and ourselves, the government brought this into me. Big piece they had in yesterday's two pages in the travel section in the Harold. The ones that are always telling us about the eagles of gambling and the eagles of Vegas and how horrible it is there. Two big pages bet on it. Picture of the big new, well, Mandela Bay and the Paris casino. And there's an ad in Venetian. What a bunch of hypocrites. And then they got all these package deals in there. And somebody I know would say they got package deals. 10, 56, and 5, 60, QAM. Provision is the... You two in here! My family, you put it down! If you're a kid, or watch the frim, is it? You know that the forces, clean this fringe in the government, are closing down. And all those great websites, we've become the guss and two. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on. So now is the time to join the Nazi of the month's book. Would you think I'm in out of month? You get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past for prison. The Pacific of a group C-Hate and any subversive activities they may be planning. So no matter what the race or religion or ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the month is right up your alley. Just call 1-800-CNH order. Order today and get your very own synthetic A-L-Mutach to impress your friends. Absolutely free! That's 1-800-CNH order today. It's 11-02-560 WCM happy Monday to it. We got 400-0-0-560, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See a lot of people out there that get pissed off at me or they get pissed off at 60 minutes for bringing out these facts. Instead of getting pissed off at their church at the lies and at the corruption and all the crap that's going on in there and they're all the money. They're money by the way that's being spent to cover it up. I mean, here they had to defend the lawsuit the first time and now they're going to appeal the... ...ver they're going to have to go through it again. Not to mention of course, do what is it a billion dollars? Was the last thing we had for the settlements that they had to make the other court settlements? To pay off all these people who are those kids that they've been molested by their priests? A billion dollars could feed a lot of starving sluppers all over the world like right here in this hemisphere, Latin America, all those starving sluppers. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Good morning, you! Yes sir, are you sir? Great. Good show this morning. Neil, I just want to let you know. I was never into one of your favorite crew and it's Lewis Miguel. However, Saturday night I was watching Saturday at life. Did you happen to catch a really annoying person? Neil, the man is phenomenal sir. That's all I could tell you. Ricky Martin is phenomenal. phenomenal. Based on life. Based upon his talent, his moves, his moves. His... He's... ...out of religious meal. That's all... ...what about you? Yeah. I mean, he's wonderful. I've been seeing... Wonderful. What? Have you seen the book? I've been seeing... I've been no Ricky Martin a lot longer than you have before. He became fashionable and no Ricky Martin. Perhaps I was never into the noodle as you were. No, I wasn't into the noodle the way you're suggesting. But I knew the noodle was, yes. I should. But I... I was called just a compliment you on your taste. Because... My taste in one, I'm not a Ricky Martin fan. I did not. No. And I was... I said I out. Okay. Well, God bless you. I hope you have a great life together. Okay. I mean, it's another product of hype. That's the big word boys and girls all over the world. Just remember if you have a marginal... I mean, he's... I wish him all the best. I'm happy for him. Not a bad guy. Never stole a freight train. He looks pretty good. After the 20th makeover, he looks pretty damn good. They got those puppy cheeks all slim down. You know, whatever they did do me looks damn good. But I mean, the idea that he's some kind of a great performer. And he's... Oh, Elvis. And he's... There's a whole big... That's a right here. 7,000 screaming fans out there and... To see much specs a few days ago. Eight o'clock in the morning. Some kids get school. Here it is. Hey, Ricky. You're so fine. You blow my mind. And that was the guy saying that. Forget about the girls. Of course, I'll use the guys. Maybe they had a chance. You know. But it goes on and on and on. I mean, here's one... Well, Carlos... Holly Taylor 15. She says he's better than Carlos Ponce, which I don't know who that is. You know who that is? And even better than Jerry Rivera. How do you like that? Oh, God. Wow. She's now you're getting a little carried away. Don't you think? The product of hype. You can hype anything, man. You can take any. You can package it. You can pedal it. And I wish you all a lot in the world. But anybody thinks he's a great performer. All I can say is... Yeah. Here's a lady in Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hey, I haven't talked you for a while. So, I'll call her. This is every day, but I don't always get a chance to call. Okay. Couple things that I might. I wondered. I thought about you. Did you read of ear here about those two blue hairs that were more dated? That's right. I got thrown out of the theater for switching. No. You didn't. Oh, God. They had, like, they said 80 year old Bursta and her 95 year old boy from Ray or whatever their names were. That's right. I got thrown out of Marguade for purchasing a ticket for one movie and switching to another. Oh, I thought about you. And the other thing is, Neil. Anybody has mentioned this. But do they steal a silverware? That's the question. And the salt pepper shakers in the sweet love. Hey, listen. Has anybody told you about the game showing that work? You like those old game shows, right? I, and that's another one. I was way ahead of you guys on that because I've had the big dish for 12 years. Well, you know what? I just got cable, not too long ago. And honest to God, I'm looking to that. I watched my old match game with Jean Ray Burst. That's my favorite. I love the old match game. You know, you mentioned 100,000 more of a pyramid. I loved that, so. Like I said, that was my favorite. You watched that quite a bit then. What? No, I haven't watched it a long time. But now that you mentioned, I'm going to go home and watch it. Oh, I wonder, I didn't know that anybody had one final thing. Is there any reason, Neil, when you're going, that they don't play your tapes anymore? I don't get the list at all the time. And I really used to enjoy some of your tapes. Because the tapes suck. That's the main reason. Well, you're always good. Because it's much better having George on doing a live show and playing a bunch of steel, old repeat tapes. By the way, George is a nice looking guy. Some when I was watching your TV show one night. Uh-huh. Well, listen, I just want to take thanks for all of my life. Okay, and ever great day. Okay. So, what would the place anybody have any idea what she was really trying to say? No, no. Anybody want to take it back? No, no. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We're talking Ricky Martin today. We're talking Catholic priest. We're talking about homos in the Catholic church. We're talking about all kinds of good stuff. And it's Monday. So these people still ain't got a goddamn thing to say. I mean, how long can you keep it in the closet, baby? I know it's disturbing to you that there's this bag on a radio. See if I were a head of a sexual, like most of you people. Then it would be maybe, you know, then what credibility would I have? But there's that old saying about it. No one's to take one or whatever that goes. It takes one to do one. That's how it goes. Here's a lady in marathon. Hello. Lady in marathon. Hi. Yes, man. I'm a first time caller. Uh-huh. I went to boarding school at the Catholic Concent and the Nun do be cute. Yeah. And if you don't fall in line and comply, they make you skip meals also. Uh-huh. And that little banana republic grenadeau where I was born was hit very badly by Hurricane. I think it was Janet many years ago. Yeah. The Concent was almost wiped out. And it was a terrible scandal because in the walls of the Concent, they found the remains of countless in-funk. See this is yeah. Be just this. Mm-hmm. And of course, the priest lived next door. Yeah. The church was still next to each other. So we all knew what was going on. Yeah. And these people who are in denial are full of, you know, what? To look around, amen. Yeah. God bless you sweetheart. Okay. See ya. Thank you. See you at the old erectory. Five, six, seven. Well, at least maybe there was some, you know, maybe some of the priests were doing the Nuns. At least that's a step in the right direction, huh? Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Maybe if we just had a lot more Nuns, the priests might change their habit. Here's a winwood. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, let me ask you something. Is George a good type of hero? No, he's the same call you make every day. Didn't you call Friday with the same question? Yes. No, he was not Friday and he's not today. Is that a medleave your material? Maybe. Uh-huh. Maybe. Every day this guy's going to call with the same stupid question. And he answer every day's going to be, and he's not your type anyway. Okay. You don't want to date. More on. Five, six, seven. I'm telling you, man. This is what you got out there. And I don't understand. What is this all about here all of a sudden? John Peanus just comes to me the other day. I'm this sales department of ours. They're getting like that old IOD sales department. Just when I thought that maybe we had some people in this sales department that knew something come to fight out. There's a whole crap. You know, there are 100 reasons for you to own a beeper and now there are 36 more reasons for you to shop and be per mania. That's 36 locations. If you're looking for a smart friendly fast-up and choosing the best beeper for you, be per mania staff can help. Be per mania's got the biggest selection of beepers anywhere in town over 20 different models to choose from. But the best reason to go to be per mania is that nobody under sells beper mania. They guarantee the lowest prices in town. Somebody be per mania today for their mother of a sale. Celebrating mother's day, the beper mania way. I will never see the man at a chocolate bell. I know burrito. It's not time to tell them to make the order to go. Three strippins with a bag as it gets into his car. Each while sitting in traffic but doesn't get too far. Take some depth of visual in the whole static will last. You're saying you really might know what is black. You can't paint the gas. Then you really might know what is black. Then you really might know what is black. Then you really might know what is black. Then you really might know what is black. It's 1115 at 560WQA. I don't want to start playing bushboss here. But it is Monday the 10th of May last time I checked it should be paid. It should also be the day that bonus check comes through for some of us. We have it in our contracts like 10 days after the April 30th. Greg Reid of course just like last time. Remember he had an opportunity to come in here. This is a man. Some people are on bench and some people are just whatever he is. The guy walks in here with his red bulbous nose again spreading his germs in the disease who can't get rid of his illness, mental or physical. I thought that was what he was doing there. Oh yeah right. Hold your breath. See that that would be an act of class to do that. Saying great job. Here's your bonus check. Oh by the way Miriam gave me your paycheck. It's paid a great job. Thanks a lot and have a great life. That would be a classy thing to do. Does that go on here? No. So is she out again today or what? Is Miriam here? No I mean now is a good time to start working on this project because you know I mean it's only 11-15 but never less. Because then next thing you know everybody's out to it two hour lunch and then this one Disappearing when home sick like today was supposed to be turned my phone call. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Great. It's so great. Always listen to him. Yeah. You know when I was younger my father used to send me to real religious school. Yes. And when you used to play ball on the roof of the religious school and of the head rabbi we're going to guy was like what you're doing right away. Calls you all. We gave you a little thing in the comea and you started pulling you by your little pairs and all. I gave you a little finger. Yeah. And that really hurts. And you know and over the years you know you try to be religious and all but the Why is that? Because you know you're still thinking you know you've followed it's been like that. They beat it in here all these years. You know they make you feel bad if you don't should be not Jewish and all. It's like it's like it's it's kill times a million times a sum. It's like it's so hard to live and stuff. When you're rather than your father's old with your own act like that you know you've got to be kosher you've got to go to. You got to be kosher. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I. Let's go. Well it's a glacier belt and get it get it like. By 60. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, that guy that we had two of those, uh, Caribbean type I'm not really sure which the nomination and it does make any difference. But the one that started spewing about, uh, well he didn't know what I was talking about. But about God and you want to subly this. And that's not the point. This is got nothing to do with God or whatever you believe it. It's got to do with corruption. That's what it's got to do with it's got to do with they corrupt institutions with the uh, we'll be able to pull over your eyes and they don't want to deal with that. Just pretend you can't see it. The smokescreen is working real well. Thank you. You don't need any organized religion to believe it. Whatever God you want to believe in. Okay. Doesn't cost you a dime. Here's a mobile and dear feel. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I like to use you about working. Brian, he's not a good performer or nothing. You know, he's a nice guy where he really, truly does think, you know, he stinks. I didn't say that. You know, they like, stang like, you know, but he's like music. He really runs. He doesn't stang over or no. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. Exactly. And he does he does his Hispanic time Jones routine. And it was his hips and he does some hoochy kuchi. And now he's harder than a pistol. Exactly. They hide me up like that. I mean, they get to see his. They hide their ego. Well, it keep working on it. It'll get bigger. 560, 50560. We got 600 open lines. This month, I'm going to tell you right now. I'm going to start today on a crusade. What's the story with my check by the way? Oh, she's going to look into it. Well, I was quick. Thanks, Maria. That was real fast. You sure looked into what real fast. Here's when you can see the amount right through the envelope. Well, that's nice. Well, I like the ones that they give you on us. I like the ones that they give you with the envelope like on the, the only one who wasted tongue out of it. You know, I'm saying, and the envelope be the. The musealized on the musealized. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. You know, that guy called before you. Which one, which one is that? The rabbi guy. Whatever. The guy said, like, he's from New York or something. Well, he's a guy. Well, he's a guy. That that epitomizes why the heat or not doing less. But because simply the fact of the transient, this, the glue takes me off here. It epitomizes why the heat are not doing well. I'm going to explain. What is the rabbi have to do with the heat doing well? Is that Riley Jewish? No, I'm going to explain. Is the lawns are morning Jewish? No, I mean, I'll explain because the plan. You don't have, I'm going to raise here. Okay. And we have to explain a lot. Well, we have a total transient. Potulation. You go to, I went to game and you pass your money. You're looking at your further fans or your fans. And it's just that the, the community doesn't get behind their team. The way it should. What does that have to do with that guy? What does that mean? What are we talking about teams? This isn't, we're not talking about teams. What does that have to do with the price of bananas? Well, I'm going to add a here. You jack ass. Go to record another bottle or rum. Okay. Go get what Jimmy Buffett against. Big enough to know talent assholes. I'll tell you one thing. If I had to compare Ricky Martin to Jimmy Buffett. Ricky Martin is God. There's a talented guy that Ricky Martin compare that Jimmy Buffett. Who's for a bunch of cheap software to drunk. That's all he's for. Wasting away in any place you are wasting away in homestead. That'll be a good place for him. That's what George was doing for two hours on Saturday. And you see, you notice five minutes to took for me to get these checks in here. My regular check at a bonus check. Thank you by the way, Mary. I'm God bless you. Five minutes. And you wonder why I go on here and say all of these things because you know why it works. That's why I do it. Get them off the dime. Like George is check. Get them off the dime. That's about what it is. Five six seven. Oh, by the way, did Dubgit is new desk yet? No. Just I'm going to bring that up every day. If I forget you remind me, did Bluff get his new desk yet? No. Oh, but there are program director. I'll push you galore to get it. No. PG. No. And the desk either. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Tomorrow we're going to be discussing how come we got no young lady interns working here at 2 a.m. Here's the block a hello. You signed dollars. Now, and I want to talk about Britney Spears. Yeah, great. Here's the Hollywood hello. Yes. Most of the problem with the Catholic churches with the people in it, basically ignorant, and they don't want to believe anything. My parents were immigrants, and they went to second and third grade. They lived every day, the adopting of the church. Yeah. Fortunately, into the Catholic church, I hated it. I wanted me to be a priest. Oh, God. I went to church in the Sunday School in terror. I was raped by a Catholic priest when none held me down. So great, me. When I was 21, and I went to college, I became an atheist. But they got out of the church when I realized that these people do not want to see the truth, to most of the fact that the reason why they don't want to see the truth is in terror, because they're going to go to hell, which is another cop-out from all religions. And I might, my children, I'd have raised them as atheists. I told them I was trying on them the death. They never went with anybody particularly if they were Catholic. And, uh, they have a nice broad mind as you have life? Yes. And, um, they, you're correct. The Catholic church is the biggest gay club in the world. That's right. And, uh, anybody who has a chance, okay, that can get away. I know, sir, even called Catholic, right, ain't even in the same league with the Catholic church. You're getting away from ignorant people, because these people are the ones that maintain the religion and the church. And God bless you, sir. God bless you, too. Okay. Let me say it again. You know, if, if there's a God, he wouldn't have created sex if it was evil. Okay. So the whole concept of celibacy, you need something wonderful in the idea that there are people who are really going to be celibate. I'm sorry, but wrong, wrong, wrong. No such animal. It doesn't exist. It's a fig Newton of your imagination. Oh, but there's so much more spiritual than we are right. Especially about two o'clock in the morning after they had a couple of good Jack Daniels. And, um, and whatever else they had, in them. There's a 670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. I just pass Bob or cat and then drive. There's a new. There's really such a place. On Moss, I'll be each going down Collins, just a little bit past tense. Oh my God. Wow. Oh, my Neil. My car started to trumble. And your Neil has a new weight on your desk. And your teeth started turning yellow. Yes, go ahead. That's that bitch Monica Lewinsky on Saturday night live. Isn't that pathetic? That's what you're saying. You want to see doing book signings now. She's on Saturday night live. She's a big star and people are like sucking up there. Here's a bitch that nearly brought the whole government down. And only in America, when they make her into a goddamn focal legend. Yeah, she wanted to keep a real little bit. But it's a tough way. Cow. You know, and what is this teaching the, you know, the young people? It's like, oh, go ahead, you know, manipulate yourself and then turn around and make a million dollars out of it. Right. You know, it's like, I'll see. I've been better off if you would manipulate it himself. But the problem is she was doing the manipulating. I mean, the school is funny. And I have to recognize that part of me is laughing. At the other hand, it's sick. I don't think it's the least of the funny. There's nothing. When I see her on anything, I don't not only go to my laugh. I get sick to my stomach. I get nauseous. The idea that her and that cow will end the trip and all these other pigs. All these other sluts. All these other subhuman pieces of crap. Are running around making money from nearly bringing down the government because they got a big mouth. It's terrible. All right. I love you, so. And God bless you, sir. I got a big mouth. If anything, go in and anything coming out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, they wanted. They won't come to grips with us. They'll keep going in every Sunday. All these good Catholics. We got especially your people, by the way, because they're so unbelievably brainwashed. They'll keep going in every Sunday and stick in the way for an air mouth and rick into line from that silver cup. And God willing, those were your priest who's had his tongue baby. Oh, man. They could have the nectar of the gods in that cup. And I wouldn't come anywhere near it knowing if any of those priest had their mouth on that baby first. And the cup too. In fact, there's several cups around town. I can think of they'd probably like to have their mouth on. Since this is your sports station. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the drums with 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Look, I'm now stupid. The direct syndrome player presents Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet. What light, three-on window break? It is the East. And Juliet is the slot you pay. You're a great player. Presentation of Romeo and Juliet. On tonight. Now, see you. Yeah, if you think he'd take a look at Monica, baby. She is growing like, I'll see the board and cow. It's 1129 at 560 WQM 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue our search and glory straight priest. Just initials would do. Here's a public pine. Hello. Hello. Neil, did you see the article in the hero of yesterday about Wayne Hypinga? No, amazing. It was that he convinced Jimmy Johnson to stay with the dolphin. Why did the article I was all about Jimmy? The thing that I saw wasn't about Wayne. It was about how Jimmy has never told his girlfriend that he loves her and what a cold, calculating piece of turd. He isn't that article? Yeah, it was in that article. They were talking about how amazing it was that Wayne A. He turned around and came back and then sent me to stay. All this stuff. And I just thought you, you know, the whole story is, you know, here we are with the sports station. There's still don't have the right on this station. That's not the real story. The real story is Jimmy's that's written to quit unless they grew up in Dave once. That and he, you know, was a power play. And Wayne is pissed still pissed off about it. There you go. For some reason, nobody in this town can give that story right. Most of them have their heads up Jimmy's spectrum. So they don't want to tell you the truth. The new one more thing. Could you play Buffalo, Barney? Okay. Thanks. That movie was on by the way last night. Can you believe that? It was on the UPN on channel. But that is 3339 one of those. It works the lotion in the basket. It was on there again. Real grainy film of it. Two by the real bag grainy. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where the snive got 6000 open lines. And that's the same thing. I'm going to make it till noon much less to a clock. I better crank up that minuto music again. Or is it Ricky Martin? Same difference. Yeah, Ricky Martin. He's real hot now, man. Okay. Whatever you say, we believe you. We believe it. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, yes. You realize that here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I've listened to you show for a while. And I've heard you and the other AT&T and I've heard the Jesus freaks call in. And you know, the funny thing is I'm sitting near scratch in my head. I don't see how you do. You or the Jesus freaks know anything. As far as what happens after we die. As long as last time I checked, you didn't want to yell at the idea. Yeah. What do you get your, uh, what makes you believe that we, that we just happened to be here, that we just, you know, something happened to the pan over here. I'm sorry. You, you must deploy. I don't care. All I know is that we're here. I don't believe anything about that. I don't either. I don't. So, so that what's the point? No, I'm just curious. I'm here. Everybody's saying this is, you know, there is no God. And I'm here in, uh, you know, if you know, this is the truth, if you don't believe it, you're going to be smoking for the rest of your life. Yeah. You know, I'll have to. Anybody know, thanks for what kind of a concept is that first of all? What kind of a God is that anybody would invent? And they did. That would be so hateful that if by some, some, uh, accident, you didn't want to believe in whatever bunch of fairy tales. It was that you would wind up to your twisting and hell for, for eternity. What kind of a concept is that beside an SNM concept? I mean, I don't. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wish I could believe it, but I, you know, I don't. Why? Why do you wish you could believe in it? Well, because I mean, we, I think in their minds, they, we know whether going out to the die. I don't have a clue. No, they thought what I'm certain. Let me say it again. Have you ever stepped on an insect? It's good. We, as far as we know. As far as we're, okay, well, listen, I'll see you in insect heaven. Okay, there you go. See, even I had to come back for that as far as we know. Maybe it's in Cockroach heaven. Maybe it's in Skeeter heaven. Never thought about that. Very good, sir. As far as we know, it's dead. But you never know, because maybe an ant has got a soul. How about an uncle? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's over town. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. As one, know if you saw the Harold on Sunday. There was an article about the Cuban coach who left and stayed in Baltimore. He left his wife and four kids behind because the infrastructure is stung, can Cuba. So now I want to start a new life. What a great example. There you go. Yeah, I'll screw that. And by the way, about Britney Spears, she was on the cover of People or one of the other magazines. And she had a love trail. We got her right here. Rolling stone. Yeah. Yeah. I got her right here. Real sexy. All right, I'm out of mature. You have a good one. Okay, one call after the board. That's it. I totally wouldn't make it till noon much less to a clock today. These people ran dry 10 years ago. Talk about Elsie the board and Cal. I'm even not 10 steps better than that. I've been milking these bastards for the last 10 years. They ran on the material long before that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just the 60 minutes piece of loan last night, which I know a lot of you people saw. That should have you off your ass right now on the phone with something to say about it. But does it? No. This is South Florida, pal. This is South Florida. This is the land of the walking goddamn dead. Pretty soon there'll be a rascal house on every street corner in this town. Because that's all we got left is dead people. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Any all you doing? Okay, sir. And again, you're painting on all these Chinese protesters. I have nothing to hold their problem anyway. They got to have something to do. Don't think when you got 2 billion people over there, they got to have something to do a carry on about. Well, the government handled all of the handled all of that. You know, we probably got it at Cisco gas stations and we had an old map and had to bed information on there. The government is going to be stealing those nuclear secrets. Maybe you're going to have some accidents. That's all I can tell you. I don't understand why the government doesn't want them protest against them. It's a list of protests against us. Well, you got it all backwards now. We're the enemy man. We're the bad guys. And have a great day. I guess that was it. Okay, 567-0560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. I got those two checks in my pocket. I could suddenly take a turn for the worse and take you right now. We can bring in Lenin Martais to do the rest of the show and talk about the mix. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How do I want to talk about God today? Yeah. What did talk about, hockey? You got a minute? Yes. Okay. What about two weeks ago, and I heard you say something about Mike Lang, Benautia from the Pittsburgh language? Yeah. Greatest in the game without a doubt. Well, that's your opinion. He's great, but he's not the greatest in the game, but that's your opinion. I know. You're just listening when I was a kid. What about it? Well, I want to say that I've been watching a lot of the hockey playoffs and I'm glad them the answers aren't in it. Because they just play boring hockey. I saw a game the other night. St. Louis, game the other night. 4 to 4. 5 to 4 is the final. The best hockey game I've seen the last day. Yeah, that was a good game. Well, I see that the average fan wants to see a 5 to 4 game. I don't think they want to see a 1-0 game. I think that Dominic Hossik's shutting out the other team is boring. I'd rather have a great eye. Couldn't agree with you more. I don't want to see one of them games. They think two to one games think. Well, hopefully the, hopefully the Marlins weren't of the worst record in the world this year. But I want to say I love your show and get back to work. Okay. And get back to work, huh? That was worse. You were at that was the end of our calls. That was our last call for a Monday, not bad. We lasted 11 37. I got my check 15 minutes ago, Market down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 and T wildest line. The Neil Rodger show a lot of time. Chick, I find I get to ride a ride that article. They supposed to be riding this week about the rating book that came out two weeks ago. You can write that the Neil Rodger show as we knew it is now over, at least on Mondays. And maybe in general. I'm sitting here. There's not a call on the guy named board. George is touching around with some crank there. I'm lying 7. There's not one call on the guy named board here. With all of these things going on. And your excuses, well, it's Monday, you know? Well, guess what? I'll stay home on Monday. How's that? That's I'm good. It's kind of good to me. God, three day weekend, sound magnificent. WQAM. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Well, I wanted with all of this bread. The script all the time, original. It's a nice stuff that's happening. It's sort of a great sort of a great way of all those religious stuff. Most people just kill each other and pause going off and so on. That's nothing new. I mean, you, uh, what about the way you know, Dana played it, right? Yes, she's dead. Did you, was she on Stern? Yeah, that's what they said in the story. And then she, uh, over those, I think that's what they were. You know what? He was, uh, he was, I heard part of that. I wasn't sure if I was all right. I want to, she's a guy. Yeah, I was sure. You know, he was a little mean to her. And I wasn't, you know, it was just, it's unbelievable. How do you like that? Then she goes home in the old days and all these pills, all these things. Very good. Very good stuff. Thanks, guys. Of course we did see that. See, the kept showing that one thing hurt with the chains. I mean, I don't know what that was that a drug thing that she was arrested for 80 million times. From robbery. Oh, armed robbery. Oh, I'm drugged. I don't get money for drugs. I knew it was a drug. Because that's just thing. You know, that's Hollywood for it. That's your business. Twenty two before a new that five, sixty, W. Two, I don't know. What's the notion in the basket? How I love to lick a clue that it's why I become a singing, let's be a non-final. It's your very caster when we're so impressed with what I done. You gave me actions with her son. Can you see for safety, ladies, that's just someone's number one. See, part five was non-nun. Found a way to make some tax and hope to royal fees will let me cook. Retired non-don't get none. I never made it that big because I did and look back right. So I got the un-new had it through and drugs and getting late. Had my one and only hit them that the fact that you've got this, the post that's there. It's my big. Now that I'm dead, I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally to go with when in my week. You know. Looking 44 or 560 WCU, I'm looking at this thing in the travel section of yesterday's hero. I'm getting pissed off and what even gets me more pissed off is that arrow that none of you are pissed off. Because this is the, remember that song town without pity by Jean Piny. Maybe Vokobrine could redo that the town without passion. Oh, by the way, no check for Vokobrine is more forgot all about him. Why is he a pin in the ass? Call him up and tell him stay home. So seriously, here we are. The travel section section J as in joke in yesterday's hero. Bed on it. Here's a big full color picture of Mandela Bay, which opened the south end of the strip in March on the in Vegas, which you've had some spy reports on and people say is very very nice. And then here's a thing of the Venetian, the brand that went to just open a few days ago and a thing about the Bilazio and about New York and about this and about that. And it goes on and on and on and on pages and then we go on about Voloxy and then here's a thing that's his golf coast is never seen anything like the Bol Revage. And it's got a picture of that with a $700 million Bol Revage and I opener unlike anything else on the Gulf Coast. And here's all the information. If you go, how to go, where to go, who to call the packages? Yadi Adi Adi. And this is the same goddamn mother scratching Miami Harold that along with our other Volgas newspaper in this town for years. Every time anybody even mentions casino gambling, they start crapping in their pants. They don't let a month go by without at least one editorial about the evils of casino gambling. These are the same people back in the was it the 70s of the early 80s when we tried to vote in casino gambling. That ran those bogus pictures marked Fisher wrote that stupid thing in the paper in the Harold with the picture. Some old bum out there behind the casino about a mile behind the casino in the middle of the desert out there. And so that's what Vegas is all about. See they just keep slapping you in the face because they know where they got them in the apple. You got no choice. There's one newspaper in date. There's one in Broward. That's it. You got no choice. So they just keep slapping the public in the face. Just like they did with the metro rail. First they helped to put it over. And then after it turned out to be a lemon, your later, to come out in the Sunday magazine. Metro fail a boom dog, a white elephant, whatever they call it. And slap the public in the face after you put all your text money up to build it. Again, it just happens to go down town, you know, right by the Harold. God, it's unbelievable. The crap that goes on in this town. And it goes on not because of the Harold. It goes on because of the indifference of the people who live here. That's why all this stuff keeps going on. Nobody here gives a flying crap about anything. So why do I pick it personally that I come in here every day? No matter what I'm talking about, hey, you know, it's at the same. Yeah, that's the response. Oh, God, they're big. They're they're they're baseball sized pellets falling on our roof. Yeah, they're little agreed months. They're just landed from Mars. Yeah. Yeah. And the god damn money, Harold's got 75 pages in here on Vegas and how great it is. And all the numbers you can call and go to Vegas, go to Voloxy, go to the Bahamas, go to Hell. Yeah. What time is the early bird? Max. Here's a mobile informe here. Hello. Ron, Ron, okay. Thanks for waiting. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about on 60 minutes last night that's spokesman for Notre Dame. I'm behind the first amendment. Separation occurred. Like I said, but it's convenient behind it. And then, of course, when it's not convenient, when you want to stick their nose into the political system, then they forget all about it. The only thing they want to separate is that you know what they want to separate. Yeah. And one last thing you write on the money which Jimmy busted, he's a Gordon Getko with a wine shirt on. Okay. He's a geeko is what he is. No talent piece of crap. Only here could Jimmy buff it via big hits. He is the biggest turd burger. I mean, but then again, you know, people have got great taste. You know what I'm saying? Think people who like vanilla ice cream? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Speaking of the Harold, I was wondering if you saw the article today about the entertainment industry conference in BC and I wonder what it was right here. I got it right here. I got it right here. Do you see what Warren Hatch has to say? Blaming the entertainment industry on those shootings? I think he and Charlton has to get together and massage each other's rifles. What do you think? One massage something. Use some of them. Yeah. Okay. God, well, like I said, everybody's looking for a scapegoat. It's the NRA. It's stacked a letter into people in Hollywood. It's the video game manufacturers. Nobody takes responsibility for anything. Bring it up their kids for their own actions. For anything else. Why should the kids take responsibility for their own actions? Well, they're parents that want to do it. Like I said, forced sterilization. That's the only answer. Because this is a country that loves violence. That loves guns. That loves shooting. That loves all these things. And if they think that by having some stupid conference up there, then that's going to change anything. Good luck to you, man. All I can say is, yeah. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to call it that data plate of things. Speak of take responsibility. I know that somebody's going to open up their mouths and say that this is how we're starting to focus. There's a broadcast. They're going to blame him for her suicide. The next day. The bottom line is, did I draw? Yeah. Robin, Morrie, for a cash, and suddenly, it's a broadcast that's full. What a bunch of crap. Okay. Okay. Give her a big kiss for us. Who cares? 560, 5050, 5060, 5060, the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello. I'm Colleel. Yes, sir. I got the bad news for you. Yeah. Why is that bad news? Well, it's bad news for you. I know you'd like to be gay, but... No, no. Why do my care for Kim Martin is gay or not? Well, good for the community. I guess. But I met him in liquid probably a year ago. He's checking out every girl in the plane. He was all over him. He wasn't all over me even though. Yeah. I just showed him in my rectum if you wanted to see it. Uh-huh. But I don't think you can get that. I guess that proves it to me. I guess it must. Turn you down so he must be straight. There you go. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. I believe him. No. And then makes no difference to me. Sure. I don't care. I'm not interested in, okay. I have a nice my time. Ricky Martin on Small Potatoes. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Not the Neo. Yes, sir. I finally figured out what those postcard carousels are with the muscle bound guys and a little dating. You kind of brought your eyes out. What you waiting on line for a lot of you ticket. They're chaseled with breeding cars. Uh-huh. And you've got to feel sorry for the guy who admittedly is gay within that whole, no front and toe and that regime. And you can't even double without getting stuck. And there's no place to complain. Okay. Yeah, God bless him. And of course, makes you wonder what the hell he wants to be involved in that whole thing anyway. What does he want to be involved in that anyhow? Anybody answering me that question? Oh, I can't figure it out. Why don't he want to be a nun or a priest? Unless of course it's a good hiding place. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, sure. Hello. Mobile in Miami, sure. It's not a mobile in the aisle. Well, whatever it is, let's go to Miami, sure. It's here. I have two things for you. Why don't want to thank you. The other thing is I know you're a fan of ball prints. Yeah. When the father passed away, my mother gave me a tape. The only interview here were granted. I guess about his dismissal from the paris. Right. The baby came. If you would be interested in that, I would be more than happy to give it to you. Great. Because it's just sitting under door here and I was just had it for a couple years. I don't need it. And then so after the next thing, if you can give me George and your dress, I'll mail it to you. Great. The other thing was this morning when you talk about the Catholic Church. When I saw that that $25 million was being donated to them by the time. I had about one through the roof because it just made me ballistic. They're going to have that money to pay for all those child molestation losses. Oh absolutely. When I finally left the church two years ago and the reasons I left were through a priest informing me about what the demands are from the diocese on individual parishes. They have to come across with 40% of their take. It's no way they can avoid that. Regardless of the parish's rich or poor, the bishop once 40%. And he could no longer stand in the pulpit and ask the parishioners for the money. He just had the leaves. He quit. And he said no more. He said, it's a business. It's not what he joined it for. He really was out there to treat the people. I think this was one of the rare individuals. And then at that time I did need much of a push up the door anyhow. That was the final leg for me. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Line 7. Take that guy. Give him something. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 15. 10. 10. 10. 80. 11. Isn't that different? 10. 10. 15. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 11. 13. 10. 10. It's not like they got the winning goal based on a lack of a call. They're all over the head. Yeah, you're right, Colonel. I have a plan for the Crona Pistor. Okay, and have a great day. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 700 pages on the heat, and on the next and all this crap in both sports sections today. Airbie, I noticed over the weekend, airbie single columnists in both those papers, including guys that have a rate in the column in a hundred years. They're all right in about the heat. Does anybody with a brain really care? No, of course not. I mean, any white person with a brain really care? No. Sorry about that. Tell my dark and plucked friends. Well, I care. Like, Lenny Martins. He cares because he's a dark guy. He's supposed to care about that. That's his thing. You got your thing and we got our thing. Here's a mobile in Charlotte. Hello. Mobile in Charlotte. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, good. How are you doing? Okay. I'm listening to you. I'm going to the Internet. Yes, sir. I used to live in Florida for 40 years and never missed a day in your broadcast. Right. I'm up here. I know she went from my N.Z to 2 AM. Well, it was like 9 or 10 years in I would be in the middle. Yeah. Right. I don't know whatever what. But the same is when I moved up here, I'd really missed you in the northern. Somebody told me that you were on broadcast in from 2 AM through the Internet. Right. Yeah. So I listened to you now. I was finally got you today and I think it's a pleasure having you there. I agree. I couldn't really do more. It's a pleasure having me here. Huh? I said it's a pleasure having me here. I couldn't agree with you more. No, no. I mean, it's a pleasure listening to you again. Good. I mean, how is Charlotte compared to here? Well, it's a little more laid back to be a nice, pleasant, pleasant, a pleasant, a bit you carblyce down there with what he'll stop and help you rather than try to make a good sense of the same nature. You don't hear any horns. You know, it's a late back Goi and community. Right. All the Goi and muffins here. And they say college Jews have horns and tails. Think they did double. Well, it was a good idea to change your name. The Smith, that was a good first move. And Zygazan, pal, good hearing from you. Great. It's like, ladies and gentlemen. You listen, how can I get some recordings of your wonderful things? My son is a aspiring college DJ and he'd like to place some of your recordings. You know, you're a little song and things. Okay. Hang on. He'll give you a number. Thank you. And take care of yourself. Okay. Line a six. Take care of that Jewish boy. I got whatever he is. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line on another real. It's a squeezer. It's Monday. We're a squeeze in it, man. Oh, not that hard, please. Yeah, let's talk about pooping on the train again. Okay. Should we talk about that? No. I don't think so. See, they think I make that stuff up. Just to be, I mean, this is part of life. This is what life is really all about. Okay. Just like that song says like money. Like Eric Idol says in that song, Life's a piece of, he's right. It could be beautiful, but a date. 3 minutes before noon at 560 WQM. Do yourself. You and I, my family, go to the fair. There are ladies. I don't know if you remember me, but I was the guy in the house you said I'm fire last year. God, I miss you. Even though you look like a car, cut all my hair off, I miss you. But one quick question, do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this wind? No one's spending the week's month. I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my mother, we've let her know I'm not dead yet. Here is ladies. I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that was me. He might've looked in talk just like me. Contextually purely coincidental. I was so weird near that place. I love you too much, too. So get anyone else. Here are ladies. I had a dentist appointment that day. And I was so weird near that Sharon's metal lid. Hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good with all those manly cells all that body. Let me out of the pit. No. Okay, 12.03 at 5.60 WKU. And by the way, somebody sends me. Thank you, Cheryl, whoever you are. Sends me a bunch of articles. And one is written by Mary Ellen Carr. This is the forum. This is the Marguerian and Coca-Cola geek edition. Remember the one about the sawgrass mills, mall and the tea rooms and all the activity going on in there. All the homo activity in the sawgrass. Well, here's one cruising for sex in Marguerian and Coca-Cola. Great. There you go. Here we are on car. We know what he's spending all our time doing. You're looking for the glory hole. Yeah. Man, talk about one no Charlie. And Casino Stanton's me this from looks like a son. I miss this one. Oh, no, this is from city like magazine. Letter to the editor from Gary Parsons in Boca. It says Neil Rogers the best talk show host again. Best of 99 April 14. I think not. Try Dick Ferrell of WPBR 1340 A.N. And above the little letter they got a heading. That's his kneels no Dick. Okay. Dicky Farco. Remember him? No. PBR ever heard that station? No. Yeah. That's a mentality of most of the people up there in Palm Beach County. Losers. Dicky Farco. Right up your alley. Little piece of crap. What do you like about five minutes an IOD? Uh-huh. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got 400 open lines. We did make it till noon. That's the first thing. I didn't till noon got my check on my bonus. It's the important stuff. Now we're opening up a bunch of really crappy CDs that Tracy Neely sent us. Look at all crappy. Well, what you're hiding the good stuff. I haven't seen anything. You don't want any of this. Like what? You know, this is music. Cranberry. I love the cranberry. This one. You ripped me for playing cranberry. Are you on your mind? I love the cranberry. All right. I'll get her to something. You'll get her to something. You'll offer your rocker or what? It's not polite. We love the cranberry. She's here at QOM. We love the back street boys. We love the cranberries. We're not too crazy about Ricky Martin. We don't have any idea who this Chris Perez is. The Chris Perez band, but she sent this over. This is Selena's husband. Anybody want to hear it? No. Good. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. About Dana Playdo. Yeah. My dairy. Monkey Brewster. Yeah. Okay. Here's a Margate. Hello. Boring. Margate. Oh, yes, sir. I knew how you doing. Okay. Listen, you okay? What do you mean by that? I was in hanging. Great. What do I do for you, sir? What's your material? Let's hear it. Hang it to the left. I don't have any material. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Last call of day. I knew. Yes, sir. I know I put these guys. Look at them. They all think they're funny. This guy's not funny. He's not funny. He's not amusing. He's not interesting. He's not even annoying. He's just dumb. Go ahead, sir. I'm a first time calling. I finally got the nerve to call up to you. Because I think that's something to say what I can. I'm up on her. I did mean here. Anyway. I wanted to comment on the debacle on a confaturday. I mean, who's running the city? What is going on? You got three lanes shut down. And you know what it is? You got a bunch of coolios up there. And what is it? What is the population do? They just talk about Castro, Castro, Castro, Castro. And when something like this happens, you know, they turn the road rage. Instead of doing some constructive, you know, some smart. All we do is we've been biching alone. And then we run, you know, blow each other away on the streets. And that's it. That's the last straw in this town. Nobody wants to do it in constructive. Mm-hmm. So that could not welcome to Miami, sir. I've been living here for like 15 years. I can remember when I was 12 and, you know, New York isn't really a step up. But, you know, I didn't expect this. When I came here in 80. I got news for a peoria is a step up. And, you know, people say, well, let's go to Orlando or Orlando or Orlando, but let me tell you in a few years, Orlando isn't being another little Miami. That's where it's going. Okay. I'll see you in aintree. Good to have anything to say. Bye. Okay. That's the end of our calls for today. Thanks for two hours and seven minutes of real agony. I wish I could say it's been really delightful. What it has, isn't. How come we're not here for anybody that's been in Vegas and seen the, the brand new, what's the one that just opened the Venetian? Open a week ago? Hey, listen, I realized it's Monday. You're too busy doing other important stuff. I'm sitting here at noon in the middle of a show on a Monday, without a single call on the board. Not one. Zero. Count them. This like, I got the same number of calls on the board. Now the George had people come out to see them on Saturday. Oh, there you go. That's this town, baby. The big, oh, not the one you're thinking about either. Absolutely unbelievable. On the heels of last Thursday, this debacle that you people put forward. Just astonishing. It's amazing. I'm going to, I'm going to start playing music. I'm serious. It's got to be an improvement over this. Talk to the people. I haven't got a goddamn thing to say no matter what's going on in their town. They couldn't give a flying crap less. How is it possible to be walking around breathing the first year and have no opinion on anything? Nothing to say about anything. And then these idiots try to be sit down, amateur comedians out there. You're about as funny as cancer of the kneecap. WQAN. Hey, how you doing, George? Neumcalling. Yes. Oh, how old are you? I'm a parent Jupiter, so it's a little bit dense. Yeah. Listen, you just mentioned the new Venetian over in Vegas. Yes, sir. I have a friend. I lived on Vegas and he was there for the great opening. And how was it? I said it was ex-son. He said it was Walt Walt, the Cedos, and gowns. It was a beautiful night. He said it was better than the Lajio. Yeah, the Lajio doesn't do anything for me at all. I mean, it's big and it's beautiful, but it's it's it's it's just I don't know generic. He doesn't have any identity of its own. He said the only good thing about the Lajio is the the pound. They're all synchronized for the Lajio. Yeah. Yeah, if you like seeing water pushing if that turns John and the love of the Lajio. Yeah. Well, I just want to call him give you a spiral point of ammunition. Thanks for the good news, sir. Thanks, Neil. God bless you. Five six that you can answer. I mean, you know, that was just a momentary thing. I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you. There, because I know you're very depressed after going all the way down there to homestead. I don't want to mention which salesperson got into involved in that. Since I guess he's not supposed to be calling in at account. Wouldn't want to create any problems for that certain. Yeah, so we'll blame it on Roy. Because we know that Roy. Everybody sells anything. We look kind of anyway. He's just a face man. We just took him in there once convenience. Oh, it's Roy's account. But at least he already got paid for. Okay, he got paid for run. That's good. I was said it's really great to get paid for nothing. Nine minutes after a noon at five, 60 WQM. If you use a cell phone, you're thinking about getting one. Mobile one has got an offer. You don't want to pass up. Well, why is he sticking his head in that door? All right. You're also doing this. If you were to shut the door on his head right there, I would have paid you a thousand dollars cash. Peter Leonard, one of our sales assholes sticking his head in the door. It's business for what? That copy we wanted so desperately. For what? For that account. That's very outdated. What letter does it begin with? Be that's his account? It is now. What do you mean by that? It was John Peanuts's account last week. And he was? Yes. He told me they're all done for now. They did this. What does sales department, I don't believe it. Nobody even knows who's got what account. Just like that. That Todd, direct give me a song that I dance about the, uh, that one thing. Which I don't want to mention them because they're good friends of mine. And then they'll take that thing out of my house that they just put in. Oh, my god. What was I just saying with this real old copy that John Peanuts hasn't changed in four months? I was saying if you use a cell phone, you're thinking about getting one. Mobile one has got them out for you to want to pass up. Mobile one is offering the new Erickson digital cell phone, which is sleek and smaller than most phones embedded at $199. Are you airing? How are you airing, shit like this? We don't intermit the intercharacter of Peanuts. They got the best of Earth that you ever stood. As anybody in that neighborhood will work. They tell you this, the country where the country goes. Earth, rasta down, he has some he want to sell. And from a mile away, you can detect these metal assaults. Stalk, gun, assault, smoke. He light up his cliff and talk. Stalk, gun, assault, smoke. Stalk, gun, assault, smoke. They gun, shall be good. We'll be carry lots of Earth in the gun, attack, smoke get everything until you're long-term. All right, with all the fun it has to be helped. They make a dozen needs and a quarter of it. A marriage and two are from here and say, got nothing like this in the US. They smoke, smoke, got smoke, smoke. They light up his cliff and talk. Stalk at the top of the foot. They make him to pop his choke. Any act of smoke, guns, smoke, smoke. They gun, shall be good. Oh! I'm not tell for some you are a rasta man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can. Then he people coming here from miles around. They're biting for two by the ounce of it, girl. Rasta man is a rasta man, are you right? They gun, shall be good. Tonight and then they smoke. Stalk, gun, assault, smoke. They light up his cliff and talk. Stalk, gun, assault, smoke. Stalk, gun, assault. They gun, shall be good. 12. 17. I'm sick of you. You may have a fax here from the libertarian party. Why did they keep wasting our fax paper? I wouldn't care if the libertarian party were a lording instead. We were 30 minutes away from having nuclear weapons dropped on our ass. I still cannot stand. I will deal with your much illusors. You know they all expressed in what if they gave a party and nobody came. They already did. It's called the libertarian party. That's what that's all about. Waste of time. Waste of our fax papers. A paper stop bothering us and stop wasting all these guy-dent trees. They need to be chopped down. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. Hi, Neil. I like to call somebody. Okay. Here it is. Here's what's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I want to ask you something. Hold on with what? What was that? Um, it is. What was that? What? I'm confused now. Confused about what? About my sexuality. Uh-huh. No kidding. WCWM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I wanted to talk to you about. Sorry, got me eating. I think you have a headache. Well, you're the year-old. You're only called. Oh, you're the last call that day, by the way, sir. I'm a first-back call or two. Okay. I wanted to talk to you about. I was listening to you never, but I'd just say back in listen. But this weekend, I had a terrible experience in my church. My kids wanted to have their first communion. The priest was charging for tickets. Mm-hmm. So I went up there and asked him. Why don't you tell me tickets for, uh, Easter Sunday, uh, Ash Wednesday? All the other tickets. Don't be thirsty, don't I? He said, oh, we don't do that. Why did you do this? He said, it's a family thing. It's a family man. It's not a regular church event. Yeah. So I said, oh, thanks a lot. Why don't you tell me, absolutely. You said, now you're getting ridiculous. He said, now you're getting right down to it. How about 25 grand sons? Okay. Well, it's not like you're gagging on a pal, so let's spit it out. 567. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. What's the name? Here's a homestead, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? I don't sure. Listen, the money come made out of money, you know, make it out of money going down impression and I mean, I already picked him. What? Okay. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, there, Neil, are you doing today? Okay. Open up the last call. Hey, uh, you go all over the place. How long care of me in? Any good places to go there? Like, north? No. You don't like it off? Like what? What is there to like? What do you want to go to the care be and for? Because it's closer to cheap. What do you want to go there for? Uh, gamble. Gamble, and then you mean like it at Bahamas? Yeah, why don't you go with two flat? Yeah. I figured down the game. What do you mean, does it make whether it's flat or not? If all you want to do is gamble, sir. Flat, I think is the operative word as in your rectum. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Once the Vegas for the first time, my Monday got back Friday. Right. Outstanding. I think it was a real nice place. The belazio, I believe she's not even done. I don't know what people are talking about the Venetia. Yeah, the Venetia open last week. Yeah, but you can't see the pool. Every other, it's not completed. You can't see the shops because that's not completed. The only thing I've had to see is the casino, the lobby. That's it. Right. Everything else that kind of takes off. I like the fresh flowers in the belazio. I mean, I don't know if you've been, if you've seen all the fresh flowers, they did in the lobby and I should walk. The first flowers. Yeah, you like pansies. They put it again. Like, you add the olders and all the baddials. I love the gladials. Remember little darling by the gladials. That was really nice. Yeah, exactly. That's what you brought into a different hallways. It's almost like different flowers. Not bad. Yeah. But it was okay. I mean, a fantastic place. I went to see Hoover Dammit even even if you don't gamble. For people who just want to go and try to do the mountains. I mean, right to car and kind of go to Hoover Dammit. He'll be in here even a hero discovered it's more setting than being here. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's the world of the hero's the joke. I mean, they don't know what's going on. I mean, they, but I did it a had a great time. I don't know if you have a second. We'll be telling you a story. My girlfriend was completely against gambling. She was like a successful and the elbow to waste that money. But she said, why not? She religious manmatic. Not fanatic, but she does believe that if you're going to grow your money away, you might as well give it to church and that too. Oh, Jesus. Oh, I know. So we've just just reached out at a nickel slot machine. You know that around 1130 p.m. With 15 cents in her hand, what she puts the last nickel in it. It's at 100 nickels. I think she takes those hunting notes. What's the next nickel in and wins 80 nickels? Yeah. So now she's hooked like a fish. Not a main thing. I go to the crab table. I come back at 430 in the morning. She's still sitting at the slot machine. There you go. Yeah. So I guess religion took the sights. Thank God for that. Alrighty. So it's a wonderful place. Thanks for the advice and I can't wait to go back. And God bless you. I'll see you at the MGM Green. Okay. There's a guy had a good time in Vegas. We're all discovered that you have a great time in Vegas. We're even according to them. But, you're ready to place elsewhere in this gambling and nightlife and all of these things. How do you like that? Is it an amazing listen to this? This can't be the same newspaper. Can it be that's been told us about the evils of all of this stuff? So, evidently, it's great to spend all your hard earned money just to go out there to go someplace where you can have a good time. Then you can come back here and be bored because that's the way the hero wants it. You can go to see some goddamn stupid basketball game. God. And then I hear some jackass this morning on the, on the, on the, a jo in the, a big ol' boy show this morning. Talk it about well, you know, those people in Detroit. They have more people going to the basketball game. They fill up all the seats because there's certainly so much more to do here than there is there. Oh, man. Oh, my God. All these people think that there's so much to do here. You know, those must be the people playing golf. They have that and go out of the song, Rassen Cruising the Tearums. That must be what they're doing. Here's a mobile in Del Rey. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching HBO this weekend and, remember all of what we had back in the, the 60s and 70s Vietnam? No. And did you start with my memory? Well, it's, as I remember it was a national disgrace and we lost. Yeah. Lost the war. We, we left with our tales this morning, our legs. Um, absolutely correct. Yeah. Uh, and a lot of people died for no good reason. Yeah. A lot of my friends. Well, uh, I've been watching HBO and they're, they're showing movies, showing, uh, how we were winning over there. We run the war, yeah. And how we, how we won the war. And I just, how we just won the ring. It's just like our Juneteenth one that wore over Las Melvinas, too. I, I was just wondering, uh, when that happened. And it's not the one to civil war. And the gross one of revolutionary war, right? I guess it's just a manipulation of the meat of, of our, of our movie. What movie are you talking about? Well, there was a movie, uh, back 21 and then there was another movie. That I turned on in the middle of about some guy, uh, who was, who was obsessed with, with winning the Vietnam War and he, uh, he, uh, come, come and deered this out to Vietnamese troops towards the end, uh, after the United States pulled out. And he beat, uh, Ho Chi Minh and all this, and the other thing in me died in a helicopter crash. But we would have won the war if that guy, if that guy had hadn't, uh, tied in a helicopter crash. I'm just watching this stuff and I'm saying, ball beat, uh, like, what are, are we, are we showing, uh, yeah. If Henry Kissinger would have had one less cheese blunts, so we would have won that war. I'm sure. Oh, sure. There was nothing to it. I mean, uh, we, we, you know, we were just to step away from winning it and, uh, and killing, uh, more millions and millions of dollars. Bring in another 50,000 kids home and body bags, right? Can you, can I have a request? Yes, sir. Um, uh, he's a monkey. He's a monkey. He's a monkey. Okay. Thank you. What's that call, by the way? I'm a monkey. Monkey son. No. Called a monkey son. Oh, okay. It's coming up. Oh, I've seen you see what happened now that happens for the all the time. Every time we're going to do one of these next spots and I got a two upon these things, every time some things comes in there and I wind up getting, you know, lost. Don't blame the collar on that bling yourself. Okay. I did it, God damn it. Call her. Call her. 1226 and 560 WQMU one. Hey, I'm a monkey. And I'm a monkey. I'm a monkey. I'm a human, I'm a human. What's going on? We scream at squawk canchow. No, we spot that bad at these. That's why we're all locked up. Hello, I'm a chairman of the SMUG. I'm a chairman of the SMUG. We don't know anything. We're told because we don't know how. Some brush arties don't come out here. We don't even wear clothes. We should have told me to quit when our private project is gone. I'm a partir of a kitchen that must be the most you wear. I almost do now. We're done. We'll murder. Well, maybe they just moved to drop crawl. Well, don't want to run from the SMUG. We're going to run from the show up until we're back. Then we'll lay down, scratch our butt, then watch it while turn red. I'm a partir of a kitchen that must be the most you wear. Almost finished now. We're going to be one in one to be at drop. At Catau Horse Archive. Are you horse-malley? And we like it. And we've heard that things you said. Don't come like this. We can't be shambunned. So I will listen to your hand. Oh, I'm up here. We should not do that. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. We're on the street. You know what I think? You're really excited, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, pretty 2 at 5. 60WQ. I'm looking at that. A little joey is on the phone. We haven't heard from him in about 10 years. How's it going on, Gomeon? the real takes two days to get back from Vegas to remind you of what a crap whole town we live right what a cesspool got a suck hole place this is right unbelievable what a low-life no brain lay mass dead ass place people think that the United States ends by Disney World and Vegas last week I just got back out of here we're just there that treasure island that's okay walking in right across the street to the rosewood group great great location yeah oh yeah I mean it's at that but it's towards the northern end of the strip from world the new stuff is but yeah you see the new stuff you was the donation I was there for the Venetian's opening really yep unbelievable was it good I mean by wife liked it yeah I mean I I mean I I was your lovely wife by the way she's she's getting ready to countdown the day for school then because she's getting tired of those breads no besides that she's she feels really good after come back from Vegas so yeah she feels much happier and I did she came back winning fell I see her winning off said my losses oh that's not bad that's good we actually came back with $10 more than what you worried about you drug peddle like you don't have to worry about that stuff no I know but I mean if there was a moral victory to come back ahead I want to go about your business anyway that song prescription drugs they never have to worry that's gonna be like a dying business you're always gonna be in business no no and there's more of the population is getting older so uh-huh especially here oh I the only bad part of the trip was the playout there we're we're we're now don't tell me when on a America worse yes sir we went on America worse nine oh yeah I stopped with no meal I'd rather stop 16 times than a brand America worse again they should only grow they should take the VG's a whole bunch of men to take a dump I mean for five hours I'm America worse again I you know I do love I you know me I like nonstop direct but in this case I'll make an exception this is one time I'll make an exception I'd rather stop you know twice and get there some other time even though we got there you know it would like kind of clock Vegas time but still yeah but you know the interesting part about that you can fly American for example this is I mean I'm Delta goes there too but like you can fly American from Miami to through Dallas and you leave like at the 3 30 and afternoon and you get it it's like a 7 hour deal all the way together so it's 10 30 our time so you get there 7 30 at night I got there 10 15 well that's my point I point into you get there 7 30 even though you have to make a stop well I trust I was American by the way the food is great even though we are pissed off about their pilots on all our crap the nevertheless American I mean how can you make the comparison I don't know Americans are real airline America worst is horrendous that was a worst five hours of my life unbelievable maybe someday you'll take your lovely wife and go on virgin Atlantic and go to a cross the other direction the other she's dying on the other way great that's a greater line and you could afford it I'm sure I'm sure I should let her like you could afford it unbelievable sprint and what you know then you want I wanted to go see but had finish was the parish right that's opening in September what they know and did you go to Mandela Bay yes sir how's that unbelievable really oh they just I weren't they the only thing I didn't get into I wanted to go by the by the patty by the pool patty and they have that lagoon out there but you have to be a guest of the hotel but no I want to tell us that that's in the Mandela Bay the four she's four seasons that's right would they have they have a hotel within a casino you know unbelievable it's that mean it's it and when I just walked in I just was like and also and that's like the last hotel in the strip on the south end right but still and it's not even sinking yet no it's not it perfect out there right okay joy good to hear from you they're again someday if you ever get real bored okay okay little Joey there he is they just came back from Vegas like that him and his very beautiful wife you met his wife haven't you I don't remember oh come on you wouldn't forget his wife you never met him never met her she she makes Brittany Spears look like mama cash maybe he'll that's how lovely now that's probably why he's keeping her away from you five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the mobile one line see there's another story somebody went to Vegas had a great time I understand that I'm just a star post telling the truth here on a radio every guy damn day and it's not very uplifting to have somebody tell a truth about what a suckhold places is because we got a bunch of politicians and a bunch of newspaper people there lie through their teeth and then all of a sudden out of nowhere yesterday they decided hey Vegas is great but watch the is great although don't go there on a bus man oh man it's just a phases me how you people just take all this man we must have about two million Peter Clayton's down here you know what I mean by that they must like to eat morning noon and night yeah they must love it because the sure and there's no shortage of it here god what up say this is yeah Peter Clayton the great restaurant critic his favorite dish was all around five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line oh the e-moles of Cucito's we sure don't want to have all of that here no we want to French Canadians we want the old farts that's our idea of tourism down here the cheapest miserable bastard that nobody any place else will take that's what we get we get the drugs we don't even get the drug we just get the drugs we didn't want spring break we don't like seeing too many young people around all of the same time it's threatening for the old farts they don't like that here's Miami sure is hello Vegas report number three yes sir just got in last night all right you would think what are you flying please don't tell me America worse well I took doubt and it still took me over ten hours ten hours I got stopped up and Dallas for or I mean they suck you right doubt and does suck amen you would think from the fifth this is airport to the tenth this is airport there'd be more than one damn flight to get you out there right but so that part always sucks getting there you're right anyway the boggar show because that guy was talking about they have an indoor arboridum and if you're into arboridum so I mean it's very elegant inside I mean I've been in there in the boggar show yeah I was in there last November it was I didn't know it was open yes no November the end of the nation it they just opened the casino the hotel outside there's an interesting story that's for that hotel the owner of that is one of the tribesmen in Steve Wayne and cacorion this tree him as an outsider so they give him a real hard time getting this play you supposed to open several months ago but you said about a problem getting his final inspection to the police yeah yeah so they're so really part that was open was the casino in the hotel lobby they said it's still be like a month before they get the shop soap and in the rest of the tower but supposedly when I was talking to one of the managers there they said the owner's gonna double the size of it again next year and build a complete another wing that merely feels right yeah I mean it's it man you know it's something else it's mind boggling yeah did you see those water sounds in front of the boggar you know I did yeah that's pretty amazing if you're in the world watching a lot of water fishing around man that'll do it for you yeah yeah so I mean what did I say it's always good to get out of town what by the mandolin bay that's for I'll try I'm surprised when you go out you don't stay at the boggar you instead of the NGM why is that well it's a little bit more elegant don't you think yeah it's elegant but it's just I don't know doesn't have any it doesn't have any flavor you know I mean boggar I thought I was going to be like real a tie-in because I love Italy and it's very because it's brand new it's it's sparkling and but it just seems generic to me there have any kind of atmosphere it's the large I didn't even know it's supposed to be a tie and I thought it was more French no with you know with the ornate tables and no not at all supposed to be an attacking and that's supposed to be like like Cuomo they uh thing them front there well well the Venetian is more like Mario Cuomo yeah right well the Venetian is definitely gonna be much more a tie whenever whenever they even they open up a whole new I don't know hold you wing of the NGM I mean maybe uh I've stated a lot of other places I just happen to like it I have no complaints there can be beautiful rooms the room services sensational food is great and I just I'm very comfortable plus being on the corner there it's just easy when you rent a car yeah it's a lot easier to get from there to any place else as opposed to being there in the middle of the strip and like seizures I love seasons but I would never stay there because you can't get in and out of there well I'm a poor shopper but I stay on the poor corner that's down the cheap side I stay at the trompatana right well I don't ever wrong with that I'll tell you what they give you a nice big size room in there cost me 60 bucks and right right oh yeah I've stayed there is nothing wrong at all of the tromp and it's in a good location right on the poor corners right so okay okay take it delta's ready when somebody is banana not here you okay delta ain't ready we're always ready and delta just says no 1241 at 5.60 QN does a great choose to earn competent beach brandy time checker if you just passed on to the LN may up with the reason I call was though maybe you could help me I haven't trying to get those goddamn ratings tough limbs he's gone on sick gosh terrorists he doesn't have the authority to give him to me you know call Greg Greed I couldn't get him so you know and then the driver some of they gave me was to call you if somebody would give me the guy damn ratings I'll pay the king is on it anyway I'm only kidding but that that is the problem that I do want to do a story I just haven't trouble getting it okay thanks Tom Tom Jackie would like to write a story about the guy damn rating book the WQM had this not just this show the morning show Joey and a big old boys and he afternoon show big fan Hank everybody I used to be big fan not so far anymore everybody on a station except at night of course maybe that's why he's taken so long to write this story because we know who you know he's close with some of the other people on the station that hang out of the track together but you know who he's the tightest with on a station I'm talking about that geek Tom jica where the hell is it he's real tight with the yeah of course night time which don't blame it captain for that it's just that we had all those panther games on there right janimer for boring march we had a lot of panther stuff on air which uh but I'm gonna listen to that when you're all on tv when they can watch jim a jet jab rimmer and Denise pot fan are they gonna listen to a Christina moron on a year no of course not by the way we picked it up panters announcer for next year yet no if the pen was wind up leaving Pittsburgh by the way let's bring my climb down here whether you want to come down or not of course we brought my climb down to do the panther games on a radio somebody who does the games on tv might start getting a little bit paranoid I don't want to mention no names okay okay okay my group post personal friend here's the mimey beach hello yes sir okay I just moved here from a while but a month ago I've been every state in this country in this this has got to be the worst I've been every state except for why you know at this hand oh why is great man I've been a while you six times it's great oh my god oh my god oh my god oh I'm only 23 I don't have the money for that yet right but um I know why you don't have any colors no one's taking the English in this town right this is just amazing I'm just glad we're just finishing that I do as well as I do in the ratings when you consider that we have nobody's been sent with you it's got what you got a couple million people here and probably half of them don't speak a word of name there are 73 people in softwater who's different with i got a gas station and the guys trying to he's he's thinking the ds he's Spanish numbers I don't know what he's saying yeah you know sorry he's he he's yet they don't have to be a little bit of up yeah right it's amazing mama Pinga that's all he's over here man it's actually a repertoire but about Britney Spears yeah I heard her report on MTV this week and I saw a little little thing on the news don't tell me about her boobs being no no no no no it's about her age 17 they say she's 26 is she they said what they said so this whole thing is a big scam you know how they lie about people they don't have to her z-d right they're like Leonardo da Caprio I'm I was 21 he's 17 now he's older than me he's 48 yeah exactly that's what I'm saying it's like a butter camp so I think she's older than 17 though just by the way she looks yeah but would you do her yeah in a heartbeat even if she was seven even if they're not real okay pal all right see it have a great day there's a guy oh thank god for him there's our best quality you're so far are you living in breathing first course he's only been here a short time wait another month or two he'll be going oh okay yeah so we have a lot of people when they came here they were really fine wonderful living in breathing people and they spent a few months here and if you're all real fast he's 23 next month he'll be 83 he'll be eating at the Rascal house that's what this town will do the amount look at me look at me I'm only 25 going on 100 no actually you know something I'm pretty young for down here I already am I look you know I look in the mirror and even though it's not a pretty site it's I don't change you know I'm the same fat old ugly piece of crap now that I was I said I could eat you past for 55 no seriously I if I said I was 48 am I right I could be 48 yeah that's right I'm like generic which is frightening I'm generic I mean yeah you know like that every morning when I'm shaving I look at the mirror I go but it's generic kind of like yeah I suppose there was specific like Sam Rosen who does the range again now Sam's a good guy he was on the fox so yesterday they do a one of the games but I mean Sam she's a Scott he could be the ugliest thing I've ever seen in my life especially when he turns sideways don't don't do the profile on Sam Rosen please I mean talk about Jewish knows the Sam I beg you that you just keep looking straight ahead don't look at the color guy whoever that guy is and who the hell was that guy I'm with him yesterday which game was that that was the boss in Buffalo game pretty good game by the way nice going our flavors I'm just a few empty yellow seats there and a fleet enemy set or by the way all of you Bruins fans what is wrong with these people huh they got a real nice team this year they're exciting they got that famous aint his Carter and pet burns with his new haircut here's Miami Springs hello Neil yes sir you're from me oh speaking I'm a 38 year old kid and I you're right here's like I said 74 people down here that's big English I wonder them I'm one of the 73 that are left anyway Neil I don't know if you caught the CNN yesterday they had a report from moral Oklahoma yeah and they went reviewing a minister and out of this word out of his mouth I'm sorry he said the tornadoes were not an act of God right they were an act of nature not only does the good stuff nature does bad stuff but when it's good stuff like somebody gets miraculously saved then God done it right I thought he was omnipotent Mal only one alternate weekdays I think and another thing I know you don't need sexual uh I can be in another thing I know you're not into chativity ball that's Spanish for cumbo but uh is that unbelievable they could not sell for 15,000 tickets oh you said cumbo I didn't know it's their own cumbo yeah I call it in Spanish cumbo yeah I remember that I call it chativity ball yeah and they could not sell 15,000 tickets for a playoff game yeah and yet I better as over to them yeah but don't you're forgetting to just start that many people with cell phones yet through is all the other one to get the cell phones they'll pack that joint oh okay yeah like the Jamaicans they know how to pack that joint yeah mom you know what I'm saying yeah I'm about to do okay have a great day pal all right they watch out for that cool ball I like that that's interesting I like that the actual bad boom association better though I you know it's it's a sport for black dudes okay that's what the NBA is there's a guy I had a couple of guys get all upset on Friday about that what's wrong with having your own thing don't you remember that song it's my thing I mean it couldn't spell or I believe that was the general idea it's my thing let it alone already we'll get into my thing like these white rap artists okay I mean as much as I hate rap music to begin with but everybody's entitled to have their own eliterate stuff whatever it might be but it's that's for the brothers their rap music stuff I can't stand the white guys doing rap music which if I could tell you one I would name oh by the way a sugar rate you know who sugar rate is what is he besides pretty damn hot what is his story mixed back yeah he's yeah yeah he's got a little he's got a little something in him rectum I don't know about that but he's sure yeah look like a little true maybe he's like a little recon you think sugar rate somebody in the audience will call and tell us about sugar rate see when you start watching MTV what they got to do something about that celebrity death watch or whatever the thing is celebrity what is it death match they got a big hit oh yeah it's a big hit of course listen if they had not films on there too the a big hit I mean what kind of crap is that patchy jack in the in the Alice Quebec over and over again and he keeps you know he takes out the guy then branding Aaron and he brands the thing on his forehead and then they then he put him in that thing and the the thing the tampon comes down or whatever it is and tamps on him is that what they call a tampon I think those things attached and then all the blood starts crushing out him and then pat sage I think she's the winner and they stick his head in the wheel and it just keeps chopping all his body parts off and the kids are going all right and it got comes back MTV more TV violence and then like I said half an hour later the come on with the PSA about the nice day everybody and isn't this terrible and then you know here's a mobile in camera killer hello yes sir great all right another one yeah took the whole family out there right 12 of us state of DMGM 12 of you 12 of us kids the whole nine years they had a great time there's so many things for them to do out there you're okay support yeah they're on a whole arcade at DMGM grand they've got everything but they've got fast food for the kids for the big and eat it you know what I mean and move on you know they've got the pools which is just the whole place the comedy and you get in an atom you know what I mean for the kids I agree yeah the DM the DM GM is one of those places where if you wanted to I mean I'm not that kind of a person I want to stay in one place the biggest because I like to get out and get all over the strip but I mean if you just wanted to go in there and never even leave the whole time you were there you could easily do that you can eat drink and be married in that place right drink and make married exactly what over the grand canyon for the day you know that was a nice little treat for the kids and then came back into the lot of gambling you know so I recommend it so I know what they're lined in your flight Delta Delta and a quick follow on the way out and generate a one goes on the way out on the way back on engine blows in the air really fire comes out and then I've had at least some of these saws and said that the kids right back in a campus they turned it around landed us we wound up waiting two hours just to be totally humiliated by the staff you know what I mean and then finally they put us on American Airlines and we got home oh yeah so you know what it was you know when you get out there it's just so enjoyable you know the kids enjoyed and the lights are flashing the fiber clock in the morning the time changes so you know what you have a good time no no no what time did you get there we flew out at 645 in the morning on Monday oh she got through the daytime we were there at 11 o'clock you know here I see when I love is getting there at night flying there's nothing to me like flying into Vegas and night and you start to get close and from the distance you see the you know the light to the strip right man it's just the best right yeah I think we'll do that the next time because they're all will be the next time it's just too much fun not you know you come back here and oh my god okay have a great have a great life pal see all of these people you think they're making an opposite it's just making up for the guy damn chamber of commerce is something even the uh who wrote this Jake Clark the hero travel editor he must have sneak this in here yesterday in the paper you know that Sunday paper is 80 pounds advertising anyway and they got so much crap into they probably don't even see half of what gets away when the hero editors see this they're gonna say oh boy that's the end of Jake Clark who are gonna hell he is you must be a common communist because he writes this glowing thing the new crop of luxurious Vegas resorts create a fantasy land where one can hop around the globe in a single day and about the Venetian and the Golaggio and about the the Paris which opens in September and this one and that one and on it goes I mean the most glowing stuff yesterday in a travel section by the way it's got all kinds of phone numbers you know I'm gonna do tomorrow we're gonna bring in the um they have 800 numbers that you can call for if you want to make reservations out there in a handle and and a lot of times you get a better rate from those uh well what do they call those things or they have rumors from all the different hotels they have a word for that consolidator something like that but I'll just bring in those 800 numbers because then we have a lot of people with audience like to go to Vegas and I'll just because I got those great big hotel books thanks to my good close friend Bob Lincoln who can run out of that those uh what a one and Dr. Ackin stuff the oil uh the fish roll stuff which I take uh six of those every day by the way what vitamins yeah right my uh Ken's vitamins the fish roll supplements I just mentioned that in passing Bob Lincoln since I'm giving you a nice plug did I give him a plug well sounded like it two packages will he's packing him up right 12th it two pack I'm not into two pack how's he doing by the oh well see him no more kind of like Paulie number Paulie girl 1257 at 560 WQM I don't I don't know I'm in coherent cuz I'm here these people all have such a great time and I'm here and I feel bad for a lot of you people out there we got a lot of good people here the wall stuck here in his crampool if your carpets look like a crampool do yourself a favor of probably experts it dry concepts My wanted first and every end on top of you and take it out by lubricated poop Do give me an erect and nail to the wall He or he, he, he, I'll land I wanted straight to the floor I wanted to laugh while we out you went to the store And that I'll give it a bowl Work work? In the morning, it's just a mess, it gets just I dreamt something you'd take up and a stop on And wrap on the surround, you're closing too And make your wonder where we're going to That summer, right? And it's on surco's side He or he, he, he, I'll land I wanted straight to the floor He or he, he, he, he, he, he, he One, two, three, five, sixty, WC, we got that anchor over Show from surco's take to a clock You mad dog man, it's sh**t Six o'clock tonight and they lead in two, nine thirty five The marlins and San Diego, any, no Okay, they want a series against Los Angeles, any No, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the 18, T wireless line, you got a lot of very happy Can't for us, you've been out in Vegas recently Over the years, I've talked to two more runs Who had negative things to say about Vegas What if you could tell by the son of his voice? He could have been in paradise with a paradise And still I had a good time and the other one was a guy That if he would have won fifty million in the lottery He would have wanted to know how come he had to pay so much tax But I'll do it in that Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello Yeah, the problem was they didn't know what to do with a paradise Uh-huh Huh, you know, I was in Vegas and when he local joins Yeah, and I'm playing blackjack And I looked to the left of him, who do I see? We were in the weatherman, really That was the funny thing And I'm trying to tell a deal is that he's someone And I'm saying we were the weatherman and they're laughing at us Is off, because it seems so ridiculous to call a man We were the weatherman, who just played with the guy He is a great guy, he has a lot of good things for pet rescue Right, and almost the best Anyway, also outside of the day He's kind of deserves to be out there, plunging his brains And Vegas having a great time He's got enough adversity in his life Right Um, it's far as Vegas on the outskirts of Vegas There is so much to do We were, I was on a roller coaster at the Prima Donna It's about fifteen miles outside of Vegas The tallest roller coaster they say in the country It's about 250 feet tall It towers over old-a-hotel And the outskirts of Vegas is just so much to do You go up into red rocks, up in the mountains I mean, it's bad It's a beautiful place to go Anybody who goes there and doesn't write a car is really missing out Exactly I mean, there's so much to see Like I said, you got the damn, I mean, it's great I never got up, give me a bottle of wine No, no, I don't know, one day I'm going to go out there But for people who are wondering what it's like out there It's really phenomenal, you should, everyone should try it once They'll be going to afford it Amen Okay, can't help You too 560560, ponp 560 on the 182 wildest lines Well, I didn't listen to her, I've got everybody whipped up But while Vegas were trying to put the finishing touches on it If we just had an airline, somebody told me months ago I'm going to show about that national airline Or whatever was supposed to be And then we're going to fly nonstop direct from Miami and for Lauderdale the Vegas and by the beat But it never happened No And we ever heard it any more about it Well, why the hell not I just don't get it There have got to be any enormous number of people Flying from the, uh, what about Atlanta? Did they fly for a direct nonstop from Atlanta Did they Vegas you think? You would think so It's a major hub Yes, if you'd like to problem Atlanta is a major hub The only thing that warahub For beside the craft is like Atlanta, America So if you want to fly like American, two-blennis areas To anywhere in Atlanta, America Then no problem You've got a lot of flights But if you want to fly like in the real America Like anywhere that you might want to go someday You have to forget it Here's Coral Gable, so long Dr. Rogers Yes sir How are you? Great I am, um, I'm white and I like NBA and I love basketball And speaking, wish And I speak OK English, my bonnicks is OK I speak fluency, bro, when I, I still love it Oh Yeah Um, I, I'd like to, uh, there was the buckle on Saturday with the heat I, I just wanted to do a short prayer for tonight For who at the, and I, I'm a rock, please join me Marae, pre-hound, girlfriend Thank you Hello, hello, hello, how long And I share Katie Shadow with me, it's Motel Um, the hot day tonight And Cox, I'll hoist Ooh, wonderful Um, I'm not taking long hits, so I will, uh Okay, good luck here Ha ha ha ha Okay, give it to Pat Riley, pass it along It couldn't hurt It's hurt, there you go 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 On the 18th, he wireless lives, i think what he's really trying to say is he lost his ass Yeah, he's trying to get on a game the other day Don't be betting on ball games, OK? Had something to try to tell all you kids up there Like, don't you, I would say all you kids up there What is it back? Hopefully what is it? Look, he ain't all the guys Oh, what's up, what's up? Huh, what's up? Huh, what's up? Oh, hey, look at that giant spot of death Hey, look, that giant spot of death Hey, look at that giant spot of death Hit thingin' on that new truck to glass here at the air Canada city. You're gonna bust up pain. You're gonna bust your hood. He's up. Act a copalant. I'm too bad. What time are you? Two, four, four. Two, four. Two, four. Go harder. Go for one. Drop. Don't be f**k. Hey, hey, hey. Yeah. Yeah. Waiting his gentleman, the sender was just left to building. Okay, it's one away that's five sixty wqm. Hey, it's one of those things. Okay, so they had a crappy non-call. Two bad. Two bad. Kevin Constantine sitting there with his mock-up boss. Two bad. We'll take the two points anyway. We can get it there. In this case, the a win and the play whatever it is now. The two points. I tell you like that. My mind and my brain is still back in a regular season. Like I said, after 32 years, you'll take anything. Hey, if you want to get something like a new appliance or electronic piece of equipment and your wallet keeps saying, because of those outrageous prices, get your stuff into a plant, stand, eat any for one of their 32 to do it. You can't keep this packer and his pants. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is I aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aiming is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is smaller aim is my aim then could be from my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim aim is a aim is my aim aim is my aim My ass faster than a fat bitch who ain't you fat smell this honey You'll tell me to miss my girl cuz I don't give up God's happy to take the world up My ain't it my ain't it my ain't it What a miss twin shady You Not High kids deal at primates want to see me signage nails reach one of my eyelids copy me and do exactly the guy did try to get messed up with my life Is brings that wait trying to get my head straight? Can't figure out which mice for I want to pregnant me three said shit you will face Face red you waste this is a 12 I felt like a case Self who said to yourself on the shelf chasing the sale got picked off a Rick panel is next off get some said I ain't no silicone My ain't it my I can see to what I mean kick out back in junior high Said the problem was some called up my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor You happen later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper while I'm in this dress club my classes will feel the More the bomb tenies took a dozen a kid I was about to get out and crash falling the grass That's what in the family the South American fast coming a lady. Oh, that's my girl. I won't give it down. Trace them to pick off the world Swim shady. Hi, my name is what my name is Swim shady. Hi, my name is what my name is who my name is Swim shady. Hi, my name is what my name is Swim shady. We're talking in a guy She shifted to Lego and I do she was a father My life I would like to Down now my mom got all get to that I You're hot thanks a lot next semester be 35 smack them in a face really raise your cheese with a stapler Told me change the grade on the paper wasn't a strip club a jacket sit up Should the bartender walk out the tip cup extra torrest you will run it over pedestrians Please ship screaming let's be friends not enough a sin of my life. I was lied to found out my mom does what dope I do told her I grow up to be a real famous rapper make a record by doing drugs and name it right after You know you blow up when the women rush a sense try to touch a hand like some screaming I should fence the guy white castle has my autograph. I get your fuck I did did. Thanks. I'm supporting Pretty My a name my a name My Banana the kidneys we locked away. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Daniel Spanner, operate. I'm not ready to leave a security guard. The journey is on the cemetery and bury the lot. I'm not coming to go when I can barely decide. Try to fit the coolies. Give me the drive. All my life I was very deprived. In other women in years, my parents were doing a ride. Clones ripped off at the incredible hope. I said when I talk, I'll do any bitch that walks. When I was at a place that just broke fit, I knew what I was feeding. Mom, you ain't got no tips. Let you awake and show yourself in the bed. But we're progressing time for stuff in the head. I'm seeing a man about a way when you see my daddy. That's going to be ball-porting. I can see my aunt. My name is what? My name is who? My name is Twitshay. My name is my name is Miao Chulene. Thank you. Okay, 1 18 is 560. You have a cover. Is that a production or a one? That killed some real good time. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line? Here's a pepper fine, deal. Yes sir. Today's paper, our brother Terry Murray, once again, has lost. Yeah, I saw that. And he says it's just, oh wait, wait, you got to go for the Kennedy and team, by the way. Oh, anybody cares about it? Right. Hey, I saw something on one of them, cable channels the other day about the real, your Vegas. Yeah, hey, good. No, no good. I'm not for me, I mean, other people like it, I hated. Okay, Terry Murray. Sox. Okay, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I need a little help there. The internet, you know, give me a little assistance. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing today? Great. Hey, you put that serious lady version twice a day. You're only in half of two hours instead of four. Yeah, you know, that's what I'm thinking. Hey, listen. I'm Monday. Yeah, you're a foul or Tuesday or one thing. Any day that ended in Hawaii. But listen, are you on a speaker phone or some kind of a crappy instrument or what? No, I'm on a cell phone. Oh, next better. How did you took your head out of that big barrel? It's a lot better. I just, I just came out of closet. Okay. No, no, I just came back from Vegas. Got a kind of disagree with you. I'm at a commercial. Everything went through. Less than time. I'm sure I'm fine. And I even brought notes my way up the first class. It was great flight. You know, the first class on America was like flying cargo on any other airline. Well, it was good for me. You were right. Nice and comfortable. You had a little leg room. So it was real good. Oh, yeah. I mean, it was fine. I used to work for now. I mean, I used to work for an airline. I used to find an on-reference class for them all a time. It was, it was, it was all right. I got America worst was a good airline. No, I said it was all right. Oh, it was all right. It was all right. But, you know, going up that up, went down, went further and up and down twice, I think. It was not stopped. All the things, what you going up and down on, I guess. Good point. Good point. And then, I know I say, I stay at the Rio. I'm strongly disagree with you about that. Yeah. I mean, I know you know, I know a lot of people are like to re-all and I don't know what to do. What the attraction is. It's way out of the way. And they teach you like crap in there. And I had a very rooted spirit. I'm afraid that they rated me good. The seafood buffet was good. I mean, I got and the sweet. And I went, I find that there. I went to Mirage. I wasn't too crazy about the Mirage. And I'm handling a day. It wasn't all that either I thought. Right. What about my DM? The MGM is too big. I just didn't get a good vibe in there. It's like a city within the nature. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The Rio re-all sweet is like a telephone booth. That's how small it is. Oh, they like the MGM. No. I like big. Well, anyway, you know, I could say the worst thing big is still the best thing here. Amen. God bless you, sir. Hey, can I make up? The request. Yes. Can you call, can you play that, uh, six big decks? Okay. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT wireless line. We got 600 open lines. Now, thank God. We got that biggest thing in yesterday's paper. Thank you, Adam. That makes up for the time. You cut that bad in the turlet downstairs. Oh, man. He had a real bad movement done. And I wonder, and of course, I hate to bring that up again. A sore point. But that was a special. I was like 17 little, uh, grotesque animals for alien animals died in one place. So now he made up for it. I'll ever mention it again, Adam, until the next time. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the ATT wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, uh, one time first time. All right. I look on the, uh, I woke the out Vegas several years and I came up here to work on some of the casino ships. And it's really weird how our, the people at our north of St. Wunkers, you know, that we have more scratch off that you can imagine lottery tickets. Right. They went to the fan if you find that definitely a biggest sucker bent in the world. By the way, that literally absolutely. And that's announced. And, um, I know you do almost any Indian reservation. But they bring in 200 million a year in the state. He's not a guy. Right. Not a nickel. And, and they busted these blue heads from all over. I mean, all over from Nick, a two key. I mean, they busted them into eight nine, ten buses and yet they don't want gambling here. Right. They don't have a clue. I've been an industry a long time. Go to Mississippi for a couple of days. And he went, and he would happen with that industry and see what we're for. And, and he's a very well-pobby rate, murder, how much what can you have in Miami? Well, right here in yesterday's hero, the Goodie Tusses hero that's always a, and the headline on these pages by the way, the travel sickness has been on it. It's like this is a big, and the whole thing is presented is a big promotional piece. If you go, here's the phone numbers, here's their website. Here's the Bol Revive in Blocsi, while the $700 million Bol Revive. It's the money given South Florida. And it's just unbelievable, literally. It's tremendous high job. It's basically not like they're saying it's okay for all of these other places. God forbid, we should have anything so great here. And have something that's got a beautiful casino, or 200 million casino on somebody's hotels that are absolutely pitiful and doing nothing. And you can have something there and bring in two, three thousand jobs. You know, and you know what, they get these beautiful places, a lot of nice areas. And I tell you what, they're going to lose a lot of good people if they don't fuck, didn't they? You know what, how do they, you know, where? Okay. Take them you. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T, Warmus Lomb, Casinos, are we going to have them here? No, are we going to live long enough? No, ever? No, no chance. That's because somebody here decided a long time ago, it couldn't have been those people in the Bahamas. Good, they have something to do with it. People in the Bahamas? That no damn well, they'd all be out of business tomorrow. If we had Casino gambling here in Florida, there would be nobody with it. I mean, even now anybody that goes there is far as I'm concerned, they're like, you know, a couple of brick short. I mean, what's the point? Why does anybody want to go over there? And be treated like crap. But if we had Casinos here, they could just shut those things right down, right to the young, you said it. So they might just have a little bit to do with it. Then of course, our good friends had to permutules, which I have some friends in that industry, but they're a little bit on the paranoid side. And they got nobody to blame, but themselves, over the years, they've like blown away their clientele. They've done nothing to appeal to young people. And all the old, they just keep dying off. Now, if you look at the attendance figures of the permutules here, you have to have a mouth palma, our telescopes to find them. Because they've done nothing other than the concerts that they have with those great artists, you know, a very pocket-in-the-union gap to bring out the young people. Yeah. 560, 560, 550, then they have those salsa bands in those Huchikuciacis out of Hylia. And what they discovered, and then they did this years ago, they did the same crap. What they discovered is that the 200 people that come out there for that stuff, they go out there in the back, and they watch that stuff. They never even go inside and watch the races much less better, die on it. Real great promotional people, because just like here at QA, and that's why this station fits in so nicely into this market. Do they know anything at all about promotions? Oh, they got a clue. Oh, but Sam's got a nice office in there. At least temporarily into it, make it into another production studio in the year 2525, which is the same year that does get into the desk. Oh! Here's a West Kendall. Hello. West Kendall? Hello, I deal. Yes, I am. Yeah, you're doing buddy. First time, long time. All right. All right, listen, three things. First time, first thing, I'm looking through the formal that can't find QAM to call you. So, I call information. They give me a number, and I call I'm sitting on hold, and it's, uh, I have the back recording of Power 96. Power 96 comes on. This DJ knows your number right away. I guess a lot of people are calling your show from this wrong number they're giving. Number two, I work for American Airlines. So, they are going to start a non-stop flight to Vegas without going through Dallas for worse. What is that? I don't know. It's in the talking stages. I don't know how long that is. Yeah. So, anyway, I just wanted to pass it on and please, I have a Gilbert Spire Report. Yeah. Okay. Please, says, okay, I'm walking. I live on a sunset at 1.50 second in West Kendall. Right. And I'm walking through a windscreen. I hear this guy saying, oh, to try to, like, you know, he's playing all his stuff in that. And man, this has to be Gilbert. So, I go up to, I say, listen, are you Gilbert? He says, oh, yes, correct. I am. You know, I mean, incredible. He was driving the Wackenhood Security crazy. Then I had about a half an hour to get him off for me. Yeah. And anyway, well, he alone, you know, he likes to latch on anything that's moving. Oh, man, incredible. And, where we said George just in a little more. But anyway, can I call somebody a douchebag? I had power and closing. All right. Johnny Miranda from Muddyle Fording. You worry. Dude, you do respect. Thank you, dude. Okay. So what was this point? What? 27 and 5.50 WCM? You know, what is posh not good? It's great. For EVM, you sound a red dog. You chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red talk. Red talk, Spomie head will lead you breathless. Red talk goes down easy. And it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cut. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a red cut. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. All right. 132 at 5.60 WCM. Here's a fact. Another one allegedly from Club Catholic Ray, but you make a good point. It could be for anywhere. I have an idea who is sending these. It says sugar Ray is hot. I would suck that anytime. What it says. Did we find anything out about sugar Ray? Or who he is? What it is? Where he'd be from? I mean, query mines. I don't know these things. Okay. I mean, we have to try and get a little bit beyond Ricky Martin for crying out a lot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Yes, I'll deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, you know how you were talking about me the day out of the brothers of college other than Edward more than anyone else. Right. Not only do the brothers in like the youth in South of Hawaii, kids with college other than Edward and the brothers call the way kids in the way kids call the brothers and everybody's calling each other. And it's about this way. It's not one kid. White kids are calling each other and they're going out to. Yeah, this is much just as much as that's back. It's good. Is the dog. Okay. Thanks for the good news. There you go. Everybody's calling each other. Oh, right. That's the way it works. I think everybody call each other. Faggot, spick. Huh, cike. Then we can all get along. Oh, seriously. Then I think it kind of like even did out. They were all in the same plane field. I mean, for all niggers, then what's the problem? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How's it going, Neil? Pretty good. I'm about to conceal the situation. I heard. In fact, I just got a great new nickname for myself. How about Nick and Neil? That's got a certain, uh, a little duration to it. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm about the casino situation. I heard a story about that lot of childhood and want, um, conceded because he owned the casino and the Bahamas. He doesn't want to take away the the owner casino and the Bahamas. No, he did not. Whoever told you that must have been doing bad weed. Lought in child's lost $12 is a child one time and was very much opposed to casino gambling and so was Jeff Bush and so was Governor Bob and so was air. We politician that we ever had in this day just about and so we're good luck to you sir. A nice try. 5 6 7 0 5 and by the way, lot in child's he, how's he doing? The feeling real good? No, he ain't, uh, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a candle. Hello. The opening thing and Neil, how are you doing? All right. Hey, uh, how are you doing? Good. Call. And that's the changes of the, uh, but, uh, hey, I'm doing some e-treating research on the internet. Yeah. And are you one of those gay, a day traders? Well, just a novice right now. Well, I'm telling you that's a scary. It's so tempting, you know? Oh, yeah. I got a tip for you to get, I'm going to get the facts on before hanging up. Are you serious? You got a stock tip for me? Oh, my god. I love you sir. Hang on. This boy, I might hate you pretty soon. Hold on a minute. I'm looking up. I'm, I've been tracking Republican industries. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just taken a huge dive. Right. Right. Back today, I look it up and they changed their symbol. Yeah. It's, um, uh, uh, a auto-nation now, right. Yeah. Auto-nation ink. Um, but I'm doing. Listen, if you were doing like they're doing, you'd probably want to change your name, too. I pulled the inside or trading info on Republican industry. Right. And I don't know if anybody's worth it. I won't say any names over the, over the phone. I can substantiate it with this facts. There's an archbishop who's got, uh, $46,000 worth of the stock when he bought it. He, he, he, he, he, he, he he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he bought it at 14 bucks a share is. He's lost his butt on it. And what was it about 12, not right? Yeah, uh, it's, it's hovering between 10 and 12, 10 and 12, yeah. There was 10 Friday and it's up to 12 today. So that's those day traders can get to make some money. if you just watch it go up and down the talk to right um but then this is not a pre-sist probably watching go up and down right now there's another one two hundred and sixty thousand shares for the boys club of power county now we're to think of the money to do that the boys club has got stocking auto nations and thousand shares oh maybe that was given as a donation by uh now it says shareholder yeah it says shareholder but isn't that a public publicly funded uh charitable donate shareable organization sure so where they get the money to do this now there's some kind of underhanded stuff going well of the boys club purchases uh get some kind of stock uh interest in the company maybe they'll throw them all kinds of tickets to send these kids to games and stuff but that's you have no idea and I never really uh help a lot of time taking a bite yeah well you know that's uh i i was a member of that program as a child and i'm kind of wondering if there's been in people donation money on something that's really been taken across yeah let me fix this over please and i'm gonna make sure you get it right yeah i'm gonna write this i'm gonna write the symbol for this uh this tip that i want to give you well don't just write the symbol let me know the name of the company do i want to just some symbols okay i'll write them both okay okay 305 65 0198 thank you so much okay and i get talk to you soon okay thanks for the call okay there's a nigger collar who says you got a big tip on some nigger stock and it's stock market what's wrong i would see i think i have always told you people if you say words over and over again they have no meaning anymore they become like these stabilize they become the uh newded denuded i like that five six seven or the deluded denuded five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line we have a call about sugar ray yet no no they're all they're all still catching up with ricky martin here he's old news okay he's minuto he's general hospital he's the gramees he's huchi kuchi okay big deal with him even all those silly little girls oh he showed up anyway even though i don't have any money for my research good i'll pay it a sometime when i feel like it hey i'm a little short this week i've only got those two checks my pocket right now what hey listen i got news for that's the only reason i show up here is for days like this when i get that bonus check and the paycheck on the same day and i look at him i say call stock like usual but god almighty that's a pretty good substantial amount of cash in there man here's a mobile and hollywood hello mobile and hollywood yeah neale yes sir never been in bankers before people make reservations that they're really air on hotel they said they read it do you know anything about it they read it i know that i have never stayed there either you never did no good good location though it is a good location excellent thank you sir have a great time there's a guy that's going to the end it's pretty hard to pick a place that's bad now you could have stayed at the old eleven before they came out uh toward down which are gonna have a new one next year and that was a dump i mean that place jesus god oh man even a client tell the old and must be in the eleven but you know it's like anything else in biggest it's one of those places where if you're gonna compete you can't stay old and must be very long because then you're gonna be out of business so they just keep tearing down and rebuilding and adding on i mean you talk a play about a place where the erections never stop that's biggest i go out there average about twice a year sometimes more and every time you go out there there was new construction going on i've never ever been there once when there weren't new places being built it's uh you know just like here 21 before uh two with five sixty wqm holiday just guys wow what a nice deck thanks i love him second so big i think mine's bigger i've seen your deck it's not bigger when did you show you a stack over it hit the house i was on his deck you wrote his deck it was before your deck your deck is thicker my deck was pretty firm you had a rock hard deck it's softer now one way out of deck one summer for how long did you want to have at the time my deck bigger what is it with you guys in your deck how many decks have you been on does it matter you just can't get enough deck can't you you're just a bigots and the best okay i'm gonna do up my deck oh let me kiss it i'm gonna kiss you that oh yeah kiss my deck baby and stroke it uh rub my deck this is really kicking what i've never seen a woman climb on another main deck and rub his heart deck and stroke his firm deck doesn't turn you on you never said that to my deck i let his deck oh yeah baby suck my deck mmm oh yeah love my deck deck sucker out oh what blater just swallow never spit it out girls love big hard decks on a man girls don't like tiny rough decks big thick decks available at decks decks so you're yellow pages so speaking of that so sugar raised in the group i thought that was that was he but that's the name of the group in markman graph is the guy's name from LA according to Carlos who allowed to know these things didn't you think sugar rate was him yeah i made that assumption right same thing with Dallas Cooper oh you're comparing sugar rate on all weekend yeah about out of our entail so anyway somebody factors me some bad news it says tickets are now on sale for LL Las Vegas based national airline and it's got a number here non stop service to Los Angeles Chicago in New York is Miami on the list no so you originally maybe they had plans to fly non stop Miami Vegas and then took a look at his town and they said oh forget it no way Jose that's what goes I mean it just take a look at how g allows old old old people here's a real nice story by the way somebody facts police say mother killed daughter eight years old with that i'll let you take a look at the picture in there if you can see it from Orlando a woman was charged yesterday with beating rate your old daughter that was the baseball bat the mother indicated the investigators the child was wedding her pants at the age of eight and that pissed her off and she said pissed off gets me fired up when i hear you know hear that squirting sounds court court and so i just the beaded she ain't gonna do it no more here's um what is that the west and now that's interesting i've never seen that before my life you've got five next and how do you do that i'm thinking that i didn't do it i do wow that's fantastic here's poppin oh hello yeah sure i also sent you a fact about an editorial this weekend about the guy and that the woman being disrespectful to the dead woman in the morgue yeah right i did you read that i yeah i got it unbelievable yeah that the her body was naked and how dare he look at a naked body right exactly you know it was dead so how how do you look at a body in the morgue unless so it's a weird thing don't want strangers to see them naked it's right when they're dead uh that's just on hey uh i think at least put a veil over her post anyway i got the tail end of the call we're talking about the stocks with the boys and girls club right now boys and girls that was a privately funded organization it's not a publicly funded privately funded non-profit and i'm still waiting for that fact by the way i think that was a uh what exactly was this point because i was listening i didn't care where what were you saying i don't hear you trying to yeah i have no idea really i was still a two excited waiting for the stock tip that never came in so i reviewed them i was trying to say there's something shady going on there how come a uh publicly funded organization like that is investing in stocks all right well it's not a public funded organization what is it private it's private non-profit organization will kind of fundraise i mean united way does around six percent of the budget but other than that it's about a it's a five and a half million dollar budget roughly and it's a lot of just privately organized funderators and diamonds not a public funder organization okay so just so they're well-indowed exactly okay thanks okay the voice level america well-indowed for those who are wondering don't let the church find up five six seven i'll tell you one thing that piece you know i realized that most of you are going to touch it with a ten-foot pool but that piece on sixty minutes last night these things all these people want to say wow you know you're attacking the church got on the do with that it's got to do with the truth with so many people out there can handle and so they just put the blinders on and they keep looking the other way and they keep supporting and subsidizing all of these corrupt things here's uh pombie chelow yes sir that's you on that website here's uh where we're going here's my amy hello what's up biggest yes sir what's going on biggest it's nigganeal hey hey do you want to get call i just got a call from a buddy mine from out of town i went to college with him yes sir he's uh coming down next week anymore the note there's any available more than tickets so ha ha ha ha ah asked, I'm what's section-ie one hostel hello god they could have a whole goddamn stadium all the way not a command performance there's that we're gonna explain yeah and his career's high school in twenty two square they're the best okay have a great life pal have a great life migger calling it's the nigganeal show alone q an don't forget that uh great sports nigganegal bribe here at two. Old adult and a good young man to speak here at six o'clock. Then we got that nigger molland stuff at the ninth or eight not the marlins in the San Diego Padres. Any entry. I mean, why the way Vanessa? No. So the question about the marlins. Yeah, they went to out of three in Los Angeles, which tells her, Dodgers blew a three nothing. That's first game yesterday to blew a four nothing. Leave is anybody care? No. How are we impressed? No. 8 and 23. No. First said. 12 minutes before two, I see good old nigger Bob Boca Brian in the other room there. With his niggeredly attitudes. And he really does. He's got a whole niggeredly attitude about life, which is spelled a different way by the way for those who do up there in DC, who don't know the difference. There you look at it for fast, easy, reliable access to the internet. Then you ought to think, you know, I have an eating anything all day and I'm like, right to pass out here. I'm swimming. Seriously. I'm dizzy. Maybe my blood sugar is like real low. I'm feeling mighty low right now. But I can't wait. I go get me a lucky king size sticker as bar when I get out here. Are you looking for fast, easy, reliable access to the internet. The thing ought to be thinking about immediately is mind spring. Wait a minute. One moment please. See while you've inspired me by having that thing on there about who's on next on the phone. And I'm trying to get on the goddamn thing here on it. Look at this man on man. You wanted to watch taking me so long to get to that? Because you got to lose damn dice things up there. Jesus.