Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show Post on the kick by a link 560s He's also shooting a hand-dating crowd We've got to get another door 560s On your top home The opinions of Neil his guests callers are anyone else on the show So not necessarily reflect those of WQAM He's the red acquisition Towards a busy broadcast group Now Neil Rogers On Sports Radio 560 You A-M-A, why are you airing shit like this? I'm the type of guy with a big squish head Oh, I've been on my sights Except the ones that I'm not typing down How do my friends And show him that he's yours And it's boxing with his things I'm the type of guy who always is a nerd I show Carl William That's a tooth can really hurt Your the type of guy that thinks I'm a form So I just say to you that you see you empty dumb I'm the type of guy with my even and my bobbin I'm only lost one fight And the bitches name is Robin I'm the type of guy who makes the people laugh And put them in down You know, get it in hand I'm the type of guy who makes the people stare Just because I keep all my chagging don't care I'm the type of guy and the public just attack me And if you don't believe it Then you had been an ex me I'm the type of guy that's gonna hit the shit What's your good? I'm the type of guy So I'll keep going Yes, I'm the type of guy Next by Tom of the mothman That type of guy I'm the type of guy All right, that was the big news of the weekend Baby the best news I've heard in a long time Good old iron bike back in the slamer again Although could get out today I'm bail Could get out for a little while No, of course if he gets out on bail I have to have a trial in which case they might give him like 20 years Just a little bit of a problem assaulting two motorista For traffic accident in Rockville, Maryland Just a little minor teeny we need problem And you know something there are people in this audience People in this country who continue subsidizing scumbag human walking craft Yeah With his bum of the month one of the whatever it is bum every six weeks And they welcome the back at the mgm granted biggest release they did In spite of all the crap that happened there Right here Because he's a money maggot because their assholes out there They're just something about it There are people I think who likes scumb You know? There are people who gravitate to scumb In fact maybe some of the dumb and scumb kind of rhyme Like some of the really dumb sports nerds Speaking of sports nerds by the way Eugene Eugene Robinson says I cannot take the award because I'd be bad And he gave the bar star award back So my Tyson goes to jail Eugene gets a refund Bar star award because he's a scumbag he's a piece of walking Yeah on two legs And there you go So good weekend for the human race Except of course roll and moniker crap Although it's interesting there's a line I never realize that she entice that anything in common Because in an November issue of playboy magazine The interview with Mike Tyson he said I know I'm going to blow some day And I'm sure as a young girl moniker probably was thinking the same thing Yeah, she was going to blow squirt squirt some day Great story though of the weekend to show you But mine got all these other religious stories All these religious nuts Just remember if they're religious they're crazy Just keep that in mind boys and girls The more religious they are the crazier they are Just get no matter degree If they're like a nine on the Richter scale of a religionist Then there are nine times crazier than just your ordinary pedestrian You know Drive to survive if you will's why two k friends Oh yeah And what are shocked that it's a bunch of religious wackos that are in the forefront Of all of this Many in Russia prepare for the new dark age Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Oh come on they're not reproducing that best Many in Russia prepare for the new dark age it says this is the best This is absolutely un-freaking believable Let me say again let me by the way depose on vacation this week Why did they have to continue doing that? I'm coming to work this morning and as soon as I heard that My radio went in the opposition About depose going through another Merital a personal it he's on vacation this week Nobody on our morning show on the worst thing Can ever go on vacation without some silly Made up idiotic story He's in the gambling rehab and this one is got syphilis Some you know he's on vacation this week Just thought I try to simplify your lives those sports There's the big cross of we have him on show all four of you Defose on vacation But I guess maybe they figured that you know the sports nerd is so juvenile and have no life whatsoever Wouldn't that do they have to deal with him on that kind of level Drive to survive fuels y2k frenzy 65 people sit and wrap detention And North Miami churches the speaker tells them they'll need more than party hats for the 2000 new year Let me again try to simplify for you okay When today ends at midnight it will be February 9th 1999 When the last day of each month In the midnight it becomes the next month when December 31st in each year on a calendar which we invented It becomes the first of January in the next year It doesn't make any difference whether it's the year 25 25 25 2001 thousand 15 hundred nineteen hundred Are you following this? No, I didn't think so Is it really that difficult to understand Plains will be falling out of the sky But let me ask you this question Every time you go into your car you put the key in ignition and you start the engine of your car On the computer because most of the new cars are you know have a computer on the computer Is there anything in there about the day no the day in other words if it did have something about the day The day and the year And it was wrong does that mean that your car wouldn't start no no No, no seriously you're laughing But it's the same mentality Plains will be falling out of the sky Plains schedules all over the world will be all screwed up Well, you know all technology has an expiration date right in fact Many you know I do all this flying all over the world and the worst thing that ever happened to me is when the pilot said to the cocaptain one time Hey, is this the right date on here? Oh, boy, here we go. I started to do a hail Mary's I was doing ruckus. I was repeating my bar mitzvom after whatever I could remember I was rubbing boot on his head and anything I could do Because it was the wrong day and date I mean we're talking people that are so and they're starting a friendly that's the worst part Yeah Here, no, it's not great because I'm going to tell you is the year gets closer to the end I'm going to go with your supermarkets going to be it's going to be like to Brian or cross effect Every ten there's a hurricane within ten thousand miles Oh, you better run your store and you better get all the bottle water and you better stock up on can go to toilet paper Here's a picture of Virginia Booker buying case lots of canned goods in case computer failures This ruptus applying exterior Oh, this this is the great I made read this whole story from yesterday zero This is the greatest story in the history of the human freaking race You'll need a few basic things as least even like timber land hiking boots because with no gasoline available You'll need sturdy shoes and sleeping bags because winter's in mind we can get chilly without electricity You won't have any gasoline Because when you go to the when you pull into a mobile station and you know you put your credit card in there We'll see the credit cards got a date on it all the most that don't expire like you know and even here But don't complicate this that's no fun Or even if you go inside and pay cash come for bit for your gas And you go out to the pump and you stick that thing in your agastank and guess what because it's January 1st The 2000 it might does there be no gas is what this least even says no gasoline available. You'll need sturdy shoes This is only the beginning This is in a North Miami church The new testament Baptist church and this is one of many services being held all over the country and so only the what is it yesterday We're the seventh of February So we got a long long way to go almost 11 months to go, but they're getting ready now That's the way we like it be prepared like to tell you the boy scouts always be prepared Too bad they don't tell you that the Catholic church In the church probably for the same reason they tell you that in the boys cows be prepared by the way how about that story on at sea and in sure last night that news magazine at 10 o'clock whatever they call it show But all those US pedophiles just left in down here to central America To courouse with little kids. Did you see that Right to mind somebody I can think of which I don't want to mention your names that everyone he probably you know likes those young girls in Costa Rica But they're probably close to a league later Aren't they close enough Well, they look mature for the rate no no I don't want to mention no names because I want to get that job But at any rate a man with a flannel shirt and a great pony tail yells out You'll need a sleeping bag because you won't want to sleep in your bed with looters everywhere That's right. You're going to have to take like what was the movie on Mega Man with Charleston Newton zombies baby And of course that's why it's her and I was when he first became obsessed with guns You son of a bitch. That's right because when you're the last one you got your sleeping bag and you know a couple of cans of beer A couple of cans of spam That's right. You need lots of guns to protect yourselves from all those looters who want to steal whatever little crap you got Now this least even is a Christian radio com said we thanks demand for the why two k preparedness different continues Don't forget candles and carousine lanterns for those dark nights without electricity Because we know that FB and L once we change from one year to the next or one day to the next FBLs got a real serious problems Don't keep it out. Don't they have problems? See where I live in a acres just on an ordinary sunny day when it's killer isn't changing the power goes out just for the help Just to keep you on your toes so you have to reset the BCRs and it's satellite dishes and everything else Like yesterday right in the middle of the day There you go Must have been that volter that was flying over the house, huh? Yeah, oh, this is good stuff. This is the best As we see if you had any doubts in your mind before about the crazy religious people now could there possibly be any doubtful after we see all this? So why two k problem? Maybe get ready for the dark age for the for Armageddon to become it. It's coming baby. Is it coming score score? How dumb I did I go on When you kiss the canister, no talking or two bids are And if one can fool you Oh Rag you in for days on it Will your father wire your friend Or if you're not a fool to you know When he's through We fall off little drop Them heels of peanut sock and maybe party He won't stop to eat and so Clean some hair from his wall And you're going to be So Monica says if you want to hear the good stuff you'll have to tune in to Bobbal Walvers and buy the book is basically what you said That's really a traffic report real quick. Hello Hey go Eugene. Yes, you tell these people stay on 95 one soft bomb They're doing it inside. They're doing it in the middle. I need some parking lot here, guy Where's it? Just come up with a shirt. I'm going soft on towards Miami. Yeah. We have people running the medium strips. There's cops on and what's going on. I'm trying to get off like so. Okay. Thank you sir. Okay. Okay. He's trying to get off. Maybe that's why they are all stopping. So when we get back to this, not see when we talk about which we do a lot on our show thank God. Thanks. Right. This isn't one of those bubble mice shows like 99 to 9 to 10% of what you hear in the media And I always refer to those very stupid superstitious Stone Age people are wrote all this crap. Oh, well, a Bible says this and a Bible says that you're right. In fact, a Phil granddad, Yahoo. You know what's all these almost all of them are southern Yahoo's These right wing lunatics that are perpetuating this crap which thankfully has been in by the end of this week. We thank God the pain. You can almost be happy to panel the over Yeah, he says the constitution is almost like the Bible. You can't make you can't change it. You can't mess around. Of course, the Bible luck I've told you for years was written by incredibly ignorant, uninform super-stitious dumb. I mean dumb as compared to today's people, which is saying on unbelievable amounts. By the way, and thank God we're stopping that ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, not no we're not. Every time we turn on the news again, here's all here's more bodies and more bodies and more people crying. Well, you know, we're going to do something about this because remember we said never again right and we said that. No, we've always said it. We just didn't mean it. So a month ago in a year, 2000 comes, they'll still be plenty of ethnic cleanser with supermarkets all over the world. Because that's the kind of cleansing. I mean, there are a lot of countries over there in Europe are like in France. They don't like to take a shower to often. They don't be very frequently. They don't like the old one per few. And they like selling it. They just don't like using it. But the one cleansing that is big is ethnic cleansing. So when we're getting back to these super-stitious folk here, we had to same crap again all over again. Crazy, crazy, superstitious people all over the world. Oh, I saw a sign. I saw the cloud, you know, every every now and then you'll see the thing where they show on TV where they're coming. They're slipping thousands of people. If it isn't the Virgin Mary on the side of the bank building, it's we saw the face of Jesus in the clouds, you know. And of course, by the time you get there and you look up it, well, I don't know that one's kind of drifted. Well, you know, he works in mysterious ways. It knows is where his rectum used to be, etc. And so on. But that was Jesus if you wanted to go up there in a sky. You believe it? No. So anyway, getting back to this tremendous story. A woman with white hair in the back of the room in this New Testament Baptist Church asks, how will we survive it? And at least even says, you'll prepare. And so it goes to this meeting in New Testament Baptist Church, one of any being able to have all over the country. Some people prepare for the turn of the century. And the year, 2000, why two K for short computer glitch. The expected crisis stems from a short cut taken by computer programmers years ago. The same computer storage space they used only two digits instead of four to represent a year. Much of the same way people do when writing the date on a check at the grocery store. So when January 1, 2000 arrives, computer's not reprogrammed could misfire by interpreting the year 2000 as 1900. And of course those planes back in 1900 weren't flying at 37,000 feet. Which means a lot of worry for those who doubt that everything will be fixed in time. These warriors are preparing some for a few days in convenience because of possible powers out of just others for what they fear will be an irreversible plunge into the dark ages. Oh my God. Is it for not already there? Especially here in South Florida. And irreversible plunge into the dark ages. Are we ready for it? Service people have begun stockpiling food, water, clothing, fuel, medicine other essentials. And by the way, Lady called a minute ago to tell George that she sells a hundred generators cannot keep them in stock. It's only the eighth of February. They can't keep them in stock because people, you know, you gotta be everybody else to the punch. Like when we have the hurricane hysteria, you gotta be the first one online there. They're publishing by seven air. Everybody think a bottle water they got in the store. Every world of toilet paper will get to the toilet paper by the way. Got to have lots and lots of. Of course if you're not going to be able to eat that much, I guess you won't be. Absolutely correct. That much either. That was close. Service people are in advice on what to stock is readily available on a hundreds of internet sites offering advice on everything from beekeeping to water purification. Well, how do you be keeping your bees after the, why two k-problems sets in? We've had over four million hits on our sites as Michael Berkeley spokesman for the Colorado based Cassandra project name for the Greek goddess who's warnings about disaster went unheeded. Well, I tell you about the word geekspearing of hysteria. The Cassandra project offers advice for getting prepared for why two k. Everything from stocking up on batteries to getting dogs, which will be a great, great sources of heat. What are you going to be doing with those dogs? I don't want to hear it. Also, great alarms if there are any problems in the night dogs. I'll be barking at brains out. I got a little dog now. Barks somebody fart. Can blocks away. Paloma or Riley Cassandra project founder also passes on disaster advice given from the federal emergency management agency. By the way, spirit, you see the EPA thing about six buildings on the 60 minutes last night. And which building were they do a whole story about the EPA building in Washington? The environmental for the very building where the supposed to be working on protecting the environment is a sick building and people are suing and are swooning and are puke and just like this building. Which by the way, wait for the side effective. Adelaide later on. I want to get the BDR book. Whoo. If we got three or four hours for that, just to read the list. Anyway, if FEMA gives advice like if the electricity goes off first use perishable food and foods from the refrigerator, then use the foods from the freezer. Why is the electricity going to go off? Can you explain that to me? Why the electricity will go out? Huh? The computers at FB and all are going to think, oh my god, it's 1900 again. Well, if we would have had the electricity going, which I guess we did in 1900, not AC. No AC DC was just to be into the G90s. But anyway, it's as use of the information on the Y2K website to find with the FEMA National Office in Washington, D.C. One of our biggest messages has always been disaster preparedness. So, it's FEMA spokesman Mark Wilson. If Y2K gets our message across and prepares people for tornadoes, as far as whatever, then that's great. In fact, a lot of agencies are jumping on the Y2K band. Why can't because predictions help them get their messages across? We don't want to ring a large bell all over this Y2K thing. Since American Red Cross spokesman Chris Thomas, but who knows whether it will be your hurricane or flood or chemical spill? It's always better to be prepared, as if that has something to do with this. Does it have anything? No, and thanks all. The American Red Cross recommends, no, and this. The Red Cross recommends putting together a disaster supply kit that contains Flashlights, extra batteries, portable radio, of course, in listening to this show. Bottle walk, because we'll be right in touch with everything that's going on in the world on this station, won't we? Oh yeah, well, I have the sports scores anyway. We got the dark ages, we're both the square at the VMI game, huh? Well, what's the spread? What's the number on that game? Do we know? We're going to have a lot of fun. Okay, extra batteries, portable radio, bottle, water, canned food, canned opener, etc. I guess if you're going to have canned food, canned opener is pretty good or sharp knife. Local offices are selling first aid kits. Because there's going to be a lot of injuries. People knocking each other over any aisles over it, wherever the hell they're shopping. The prepared time is says, we can't be sure there won't be some disruption of power to other services with Y2K. Can we? Major utility, cities and county governments, as well as major banks in South Florida, the Federal Reserve, say they expect everything to be well under control, but Since they cannot guarantee there will be absolutely no problems, there is room for doubt. And when is room for doubt, then people love it. Also, what is this doubt that was the premise of the North Miami meeting at this crazy church? Here we go, wait for you here. This one plantation woman said she had started stockpile and canned goods under her bed, and she's been from her husband. She has talked away a year supply of toilet paper in her attic after secretly, you know, I want you to listen very carefully this, after secretly dating new rules to gauge how quickly her family goes through one. You follow this? In other words, to determine how much toilet paper the family is going to need for a year, she added date the rules and keep track of how long, for that all depends on how much they're eating, how much they're eating, right? Which by the way, since Thomas Krapher was the guy in front of the toilet, doesn't that take all the negative meaning out of the word Krapher? Yeah, what's wrong with that? It's just short for Krapher. I mean, when you say, I got to take a Krapher, you don't have to think about Thomas Krapher, are you? Yeah, sure. No, but seriously, so in other words, if you just stop and think about that, all these people that are uptight about words, not that this is a, I'll get back to this stuff. This is good stuff. This is great. But just keep in mind, it was Thomas Krapher who invented the, and of course, have invented the toilet, he must have also invented the Krap. Stockpile Mr. Wipple is rubbing his hands together in clean. You love this, a woman implantation, unless some crazy lady probably know that shops in my store. 1026 and 560 WCM, and of course you're going to need shoes, baby. That's right. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Was they in shoes, don't go out on your own? Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do with home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat, you go with a seat. When nothing's on par, to the marvellous feeling of making butterflies stick to the ceiling, smoking in the bathroom, making out in the home, or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember that. The throw of a favor was with a fire alarm, blow up the toilet with a cherry spot, die sick of frog in biology class, find yourself a nerd and win to his name. What you'll be here here in chemistry, when you make the class a batch of valence, start a food fly to milk after your nose, or when you go to school, what anything goes, a stay in school, don't go out on your own. Because there's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do with home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat, with a seat, and a seat, the seat, and a seat, and a seat. When they take a seat, they go back. I'm pretty too at 560WQ. I'm way too to the fight out by the way. One of the things that this woman is stirring up to lady with a toilet paper. This is the best because she may have to alter her predictions. They have to increase her supply a little bit. She says it doesn't matter if you buy more than you need because you can always use it to border. It's a commodity you can trade for what you forgot to get said the woman who also stocked up on spices because all those beings she is saved for the crisis are going to be boring after a while. She's stocking up on beans. Which made throw her toilet paper estimate off as in way off. Yeah. She refuses to give her name because she's afraid that might put her in danger of looters who want to raid her stash after the new year. She's either hiding the food from her husband. In other words, screw him. I don't want to be perceived as a target she said I can't feed the whole world. Most of the people of the meetings said they began preparing as if the Y2K were a hurricane. Some said they were preparing for something worse. The end of civilization. How do you like that? They're preparing for the goddamn end of civilization as we know what I did. How can I get found? Right. Don't panic. But by guns, said the man who warned about looters, be ready to defend your home. Yeah, I told you that trout has to think man. They shouldn't really get people to panic. Wouldn't it be great like New Year's Eve? Instead of the it's set of the dick cart show and a ball in Times Square all of it. Instead of that, we'll show the Omega man, which are out in the head to the New Year's Eve this year. There you go. We don't want to plant any ideas or create any perinoids or civil arrest, but hey, look at that. Steven's held up duck tape. Comes in handy, he said. He also held up little rectangles that looked like den team gun. He had rated watermelon for a balanced diet, he said. For medicine, he suggested dried herbs, traditional medicines like antibiotics may not be available. I mean, doesn't it make sense to you that if they're antibiotics in your drugs, or on December 31st, that the next day they'll just all vanished in the mix. Sure. So I'll be gun. They're just, you know, because the counter-changing from 1990 and the 2000, the law will be gone. Well, thank you. I won't be taking any more either. Well, of course not, because they're equipment all be busted down. And actually all the antibiotics that you buy in January first are manufactured on a day, aren't they? No. Well, oh, see, now you're starting to bring logic into this, sorry. That takes all the fun out of this. For vitamins you recommended a little spray canister. Scored the virus spray right on your tongue. Scored score it to keep your immune system strong. He said, this product was for sale in the back of the room at this church, by the way. Of course, those church people, they know how to get a lot of good vitamin C, scored score. Next at the Y2K preparedness podium was Jack Heinz, the Senior Vice President for a city group subsidiary that sells insurance. Get cash ahead of time, he said. There'll be a panic. Not that he wants to create an, there'll be a panic. Oh! The Federal Reserve already has said they're advancing $150 billion in the system at the end of the year to try to stem it. A spokeswoman for the Federal Reserve Board said that her office didn't expect a mad rush for extra money at the end of the year. The beer all pretty good and engraving is printing $50 billion extra. Just in case people want some cash on hands. You said some people want more currency for what might be a minor disruption in that's fine. That is rruption in what? A disruption in what? You go to your bank. You give them a check. Here I want $200. Here's the check. Here's the money. Is the money just all got to disappear from your bank overnight on New Year's Eve? No. Unless of course there's a wild rush on cash which is what these people are still in up at all this bullcrap. Next up at the seminar was Jerome Harold, a Miami carer-practor. He talked about water. He said how you have to have it to live and how it might not be available at the Y2 K-glitch shuts down the public water system. Oh my God! It's right. He's just in ways to store it. 55 gallon drums from Hylia and the avion bottles. He held up a plastic pillowcase with a nozzle that showed what he thought was a great idea. Aquaflex emergency water containers, two great plastic that folds up until you fill it with water. If worse comes to worse, he said, you can drink the water from the toilet. When he said from the tank, not the bowl people laughed nervously as like that. Later, Bob Young owner of Aquaflex emergency water storage company in Deltona said he was amazed at how business was booming because of what he called Y2 K-Frenzy. He can barely keep distributors in stock with his water holding pillowcase in these sets. Hahaha! It's a crazy reaction, but like anybody else, I'm not going to say no to the opportunity to make some money, Young said. Most of those gathered at the North Miami Y2 K-mitting set a plan to stock power supplies because they trusted the small, and enabling the natural and the power supply to the public. We're not trying to sugarcoat it to FPL spokeswoman Bradley on any given night there could be a power out somewhere, especially if you're in FPL customer. Why 2K or not, you said. We're trying to be realistic and say people should take minimal precautions. Like what does Bradley plan to do with our own house? I'm stocking in canned food, water and gas. Nothing is too extreme. This is the spokes bids from FPL. Depending on his theoretical lunatics saying nothing is too extreme, I'm not going to stock it up all this crap. Not that they want to cause a panic you understand. Not that they want to create like a wild run on the banks, but I mean shit from our shit, it's going to matter. We're going to water like brand-out, we're all across this at least 4, 5 times a year, right? Right. So next time you have one of those discussions with somebody irrational about religion, which is totally irrational. And about the kind of people who lived in those days and those primitive idiotic days, when every time there was like a ripple of thunder in the sky, every time there was a flash of lightning, oh my god, god is pissed off again, he's doing something again. He's sending us a message. And here it is, it's almost the year 2000. Thousands and years later, before these ridiculous primitive bubble micees were written, and still we've got all these world's religions, most of them based on what was written by these primitive people, and we still have crazy people running around, predicting the end of civilization because the calendar is going to change. Except of course for us Jews because we don't go by that calendar anyway, how do you like that? How are you like that? That's right. And I didn't even push the button. That just was right. So that means you got a few extra months to run. So it goes to show you on you going out there, it's not too late to switch. The Jews will be saved because we're on a different calendar. But that only affect those Jewish computers, right? Yeah. Oh, that's right. If you got a glacier computer, then you're a tourist baby, you got real problems. So guess what I got for sale? Well, I don't have no computers yet, but I'm going to work on it. But how about this collection of Benes I got? You may really not be Jewish, but the Lord may not be able to tell, you know? And the whole document will be a close. Of course you have to fix out there. You have to get to the first because he can smell that from a million miles away, which is probably where he is. Millions of miles away. Does he that far away? Yeah. Yeah. He's far away. But he can still sniff it out. He likes to achieve, but not that kind. So close to Shoye, baby, if you want to survive the new year, if you want to survive the entrance into the next 21st century, you had better ruck out the crap. And the force can. This is my Lord Cross for your WCOM official information, Jennifer Hurricane John. So panic, get me water and run! Run! We're going to die! Oh! My pack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls. I don't even have enough the fact of this world. I tried to get low to protect not loved jeans, but it's no good no bigger than a doll. I'll see. There's nothing I can do. I only got a 3-inch tool. You'll be disappointed when we reach my house. But you won't know for sure if I'm a man or I'm now. If they know big Mac or like a happy meal, you'll get more satisfaction from your high heels. Your fair eye was in the pool. Because I only got a 3-inch tool. Sometimes at night I wonder if they will ever grow. No. If I was a homosexual, I couldn't even push in your pool. It looked like Mr. Peanut with other jeans. It got capillaries instead of things. I took a circulation with a piggy ring. For Halloween I'd rather than like a buffalo wing. It's peanut suction too. Because I only got a 3-inch tool. Even with a metric rule. I only got a 3-inch tool. Have them die. You got a 3-inch tool. I don't know if they need it. You got a 3-inch tool. Come here honey. You got a 3-inch tool. You're not quantity. You got a 3-inch tool. I can only find a 3-inch tool. You got a 3-inch tool. Head 46 at 560 WCN the Hague Older Show from Shula State 2 with two o'clock Voster briefly. Six seven o'clock the pregame. Seven thirty night the Panthers and the St. Louis Blues. Minus Grand Fierre who's having arthroscopic surgery on his knee. Minus Pavell Burre who twisted it and his knee too. Disrace lightly in the game of the night. By the way speaking of the macarena. Here's a very disturbing fact before we get back to the end of the world as we know it. And what's going to happen all those ball games? All those ball games in crap on New Year's Day. Now we got something really to be concerned about. This is the only way to get QAmen involved in the Y2K problem is to bring the sports element, the sports panic element into it. Like what's going to happen in all those ball games that we're going to have to carry? Now what day of the year? What is the... we had the calendar for next year? I'm sure we do back there. What day of the week does that fall on? January 1st 2000. George has been looking right now as we speak. January 1st 2000 falls on a... On a Monday. Oh boy. That's the worst of all possibilities. You know why? What? Saturday. That's business calendar. Like I said Saturday. There was a business calendar set. In other words, on the business day it falls on Monday. But like on a monkey business ordinary pedestrian counter falls on Saturday. Which is even worse. On Shabbis, no less. I don't think you're like that. So something, and of course, all you work that acts use out there. You're going to be able to go to school on that day. Oh, where's that? Because your successes are going to be... And how are they going to be able to lay to fill it on that day? Sure. Like I said, it's a glacier. No, you're anyway. Don't panic. So here's the fact speaking to the macarina. Debbie says she has something to say about the Billy Joel concert. I know you don't care about him. What you write. I don't. Debbie, I can't stand him. But anyway, I had to voice my opinion of the so-called crowd that went to this concert at the macarina. You're absolutely correct in your opinion that these people are morons. They gap about crap during the whole show and keep getting up and down during the show. Especially when he sang a slow song to get more beer and smoke. How do you like that? They were smoking it during the concert. Yeah. They can't sit still and shut up and listen to what concert. Debbie says she's used to singing shows up north into the Philadelphia New York where people would highly enjoy the show. Dance and actually know who they were singing. They didn't even clap these assholes and look like a bunch of deadbeats. Why did they go? I've been to a couple of hockey games with my dad and experience the same thing. My dad and I really respect the game and don't crap around when we go. It was the same, really upsetting thing and being that I'm a true Billy Joel fan, founded and solving it disappointing. This was a gift for my parents a special night. And I go to see him every time. Anyways, my father and I left the National Car, a yeah, a rectal center. We both thought of you and I told him I'd probably facts you about the situation and she did. Well, thank you, Debbie. So not only are the hockey games up in the ass, not only because of the fans, but because of all the problems inside like the rule lights we can't see and the ice sucks. And all the other things. And of course, they got to take the cup holders out of the nail for both because people are scraping their knees and the brick and their legs, etc. And in fact, probably there are 4,000 Panther fans that have the same injury as Pavellebury right now, but they injured theirs on the cup holders in the upper bowl. But evidently, according to Debbie, even if the Billy Joel concert, they sat there, Hock it and trying to, you know, if you listen to the conversation, that's a bad luck tie at the blues game, which I'll be there, of course. And I'm not talking about in between periods. I'm talking about while the game is going on, even during moments when there's actually something exciting going on up there, and you listen to the conversation. Like these two guys, young guys, I told you, because there's different people sit around all the time, usually. And they sat behind this one game, and I noticed that they're talking about stuff that had absolutely nothing to do with the game. And every now and then, I guess during a low in their conversation, go, go, Panther, go, Panther, and then they would go back to their conversation about who's got the bigger, back to whatever they were talking about. Well, that's what they were saying, who's the bigger asshole. And just like Debbie says, why, what we already know why, it's a social line, it's something to do. They just are two, I'm looking for the word, I'm trying to be generous. What's a good word? I mean, dumb, that's too simple. Well, they are dumb, many of them. But they're just too shallow. That's a good word. They're too shallow, like a waiting pond. To go and really get into whatever the act of whether it's a concert, whether it's a sporting event, they're too goddamn shallow. They don't have any interest or any real concept, but what it is they're watching anyway, but somebody gave them the tickets, or whatever. And so they're there or something to do, get them out of the house. And Debbie, what you have to understand is they're there to be an impediment to our enjoyment of what the event is. I dread to think because you know something, since we've had the Panthers every year on New Year's Day, it's like a tradition they had that noon game, usually against the Boston Bruins, or the ducks or something like that, noon game on New Year's Day. How they're going to have a hockey game on New Year's Day? On January 1st 2000. How they're going to be able to print those tickets up? No. It's ticket master going to have to be able to sell the Panthers packet in a morning? No. Because when you get up on that morning, it's going to say January 1st 1900. And there wasn't even any national hockey league in 1900. How the hell is ticket master going to be able to sell tickets for again, that's being played in the previous century? In fact, how can the organization print them up? Like maybe on a printing press? No. Come on. No, in this case, you're laughing hysterically, but every one of these historical reactions that people have are so embarrassing and so stupid and so idiotic. I mean, like when you go to the ATM, let's suppose your ATM at the bank. Bank is closed, okay? January 1st. So how long it's New Year's Day? Bank is closed. You go to the ATM plus it's Saturday anywhere. Most banks are closed. You go there to get a hundred bucks cash. You put your card in there and the bank computer hasn't been fixed. Which of course they'll all be fixed by that time. But nevertheless, let's assume you're a little bit, they haven't fixed it. And the bank computer, the ATM computer thinks, oh my god, it's January 1st 1900. Is that going to make any difference as to whether it dishes out the cash? But ATM didn't exist in the... Yeah. But what about those little plastic cards? No. Well, they're neither. So the ATM, the computer's going to go back and look at your balance on January 1st 1900. They're going to say, no. No. Sorry. Huh? Yeah, that's right. They're going to look up. What your balance was on January 1st 1900. Oh, you didn't have the money in this bank course. This bank wasn't here. There was no such thing as an ATM. There was no such thing as a goddamn computer and an airplane. Because there wasn't any airplane. You weren't born yet. I won't now, you're not seeing your nitpicking again. Now you're being a shallow as some of those assholes at the macarooner. Don't start bringing logic into this. Just bring fear and terror and paranoia. Oh, my God. The ATM is going to say, who are you? You weren't even born then. This is January 1st 1900. You don't even exist. Right? Is that right? Huh? But the good news is you will be able to invest in all those stocks that are really, really low rate. No, you won't. Because the stock market's going to be, and that'll be all screwed up. Puster, not open Saturday anyway. And even if they work, it's January 1st, it's New Year's Day. Oh, this is beautiful. And the lady with a toilet paper, or something. It's a good thing. Lady that you got a toilet paper because you're full of crap. That's right. And she's stocking up beans. Whoo. Heavy duty, baby. For the 21st century. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? No, okay, sir. I don't want to be around her house. I don't care. First of the year, full of beans. Three things. Did you catch 60 minutes last night? Yes. Did you see the GM thing? You didn't mention it. I know you mentioned him earlier in the program. I didn't watch the piece because everybody knew about that. He's the attorney for the tobacco company for general motors, with the blowing up a car. Yeah, right. The cars are blocked. There was a memo. One lawyer sent another lawyer. And this lawyer went on like six or seven times. And deposition during court and lied. And the kind of star was the lawyer that knew that he was lying under wrote. Right. And he was defending the guy. I couldn't believe it. My dad worked for GM. He was a lawyer. Well, the guy was probably right. We're in there. So there you go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not going to be right. I'm not going to be right. I mean, I imagine I'm much crapped. I'm going to dig up about 10 or so in the next couple of years. I mean, we know enough, but there's there's a lot more. 40 students. Yeah, a lot more. And you're a conversation a time in my hand called me from Ohio. And her church. They had this hysterical thing going on about the white. In case she called. It's a church thing. It's a crazy religious nothing. So sorry. Sorry. She was telling me either talking about no electricity to some edible and drive down here in a winter time. Yeah. That told me I said, the only thing you need to worry about her was when's on the. That's all secured in early district. I lost you. Well, that's right. I said, what you do as well see the quitting already said, the social security is that that's why two K ready. So there's no problem getting a check. I told her you go to your bank. But this is February. Keep this in mind. This is February. And you can't even nine. We're talking almost a year from now, right? So you're going to go to your bank and ask what the competitors are going to be ready. And if they're not just full little extra money out. Oh, my God. But they have, you know, she was almost hysterical because they'd work up in such a friendly about this whole thing. It's going to happen next year. Can you imagine the days the week. I mean, first of all, it's, you know, Christmas and Hanukkah and New Year's already the stores of your Argentine family. Anyway, I'll imagine that week just before New Year's this coming year. No, you know what? I'd rather have more work up now and go out and buy out their crap now. And then we can go into stores right after the New Year's. And by anything, we want that stores to be empty to that have already stocked by a lot of crap to begin with. And I got one more question. I got a 12 pack of Charming Connects Wappik for your Corvette. No. Okay. Margargai. We have an open line in date. 400 in Broward 560, pon 560. Honning prestigious mobile one line. 1057 to 560 QAM. Please no fact in the church. Do you like chili? Really hot chili. Then you should try all Malleys new really. Hot chili. That's right. O Malleys new really. Hot chili is so hot. It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your. Mouth or your money back. They from the hottest. TELOPENIO spices and peppers. After just one bite, you'll say, wow, that's the hottest. F***ing chili I've ever tasted. That's O Malleys new really. Hot chili. From the makers of. I'm good. Chaturin. Chicken soup. Pick some of what your. Brocer today. Remember, it's not O Malleys. It's not that. It works for the nourishing and the breast. It's 11.05. 60 WQAM. By the way, I'll get to the. The family guy to prescription drugs in a moment. By the way, thanks very much to the guy that called Friday. We're invited me that I should go out and get the new one. When you start reading about the possible side effect of all of these drugs. It kind of makes you wonder what. What's all about? You know, we said somebody making a lot of money. All of these things. I didn't read. Let's take a call from Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Going once. Going twice. Neil. Yes, ma'am. Sir. Yes. Yes. You're about Andre Bruce. Andre Bruce. Yes. Who's Andre Bruce? Oakland Raiders Defend to them. I'm a herd of former falcons person on draft. As he can do, uh, what's his name? Andre. The Napoleon Compton. On page 13C of yesterday's arrow. Yeah. Former Falcon. The 1399 PM after he stops his car. And I plan on metropolitan parkway. And offer the Nundika Robster. $20 per oral sex. Oh my God. Yeah. I get to take him out of something from using Robinson's learning lessons from. Yeah. One more thing. Yes, sir. A little spire for you. Now Billy Fak. Billy Clark. We have what? Billy Lewis. You know how he's back? Billy Lewis. Oh yeah. I'm driving a line. I'm not sure. I know that. But they were arrested when? Nine months ago. Oh, I know we know that. That's all news. But somebody called in the interim. I'm so glad you mentioned that. And I have a nice day to your inquiry. Uh, but somebody called and said that he was dead. The actor that played remember that? I'm guiding light. And I said, well, I never read about that. Because they lived down here. And they got busted a few months ago. And of course, he's had a few problems along the way. Whatever that guy's name is, will play his Billy Lewis on guiding light. And right there, to at the end of the show on Friday or close to the end of the show, which is becoming so traumatic, we can't even stand it anymore. In walks Billy Lewis. He must be back from the dead. There's another thing that's going to happen by the way, the Y2K. All the dead people are going to come back. Yeah, that's right. Where Rogers is coming back. Gene Opsries coming back. All the dead cowboys are coming back. But they're going to rapture. They're not going to like keep wandering around. They're going to rupture. Especially if they wind up at that house in plantation where she's got all them beans stockpiles. Woo! Open line of date, all 400 and Broward, 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. I know. I'm glad you brought up this Y2K problem. It's been, it says something I've been joking about for quite a while. And all the panic that seems to be going on in the churches really seem to be kind of the center. You know, they're in there. They're in the light. They're in the light. They're in the light. Because the calendar is changing. Doesn't that make a lot of sense? No. The calendar is changing. Therefore, Jesus is coming back. And the world is going to end. And the end of civilization, etc. So on. I mean, we're talking about a level of superstition that is so embarrassing that you don't over the lack of pride. You know, it's reached epidemic proportions just about it's amazing. Absolutely. I was eating lunch over the little restaurant over here by my house the other day. And sitting behind me were like three like traveling creatures, kind of people. And then we're having almost like a little revival going on right in the restaurant behind me. And I'm, you know, kind of he's dropping on their conversation. And this guy starts saying, yeah, well, I'm getting a nutritional meal from my body. I'm getting a spiritual meal from my body. I always would say, you've got, and I have just cracked it. I want to react to that nutritional meal. Pancetri was body. Does he take a good nutritional strength? I don't know. But then he got real quiet. This is what I wanted to tell you about. Because this is really bizarre. He got real quiet. And he said they start talking some kind of scripture. And then he says, and that's why God hates the Jews. And then they start talking about something else. And I kind of feel here exactly what they said. I mean, it just almost made me puke. I wanted to say these guys, look, you guys stole your God from the Jews. You know, and you're telling them what's wrong. And it was just, it was just so bizarre. And he was just, it was almost, you know, unreal. It was surreal. Absolutely. And so I've got his perfect. Now can God hate anybody. Oh, sorry. I don't know either. And God is invulnerable. How come he invented man with all these foibles and weaknesses? So that man is not invulnerable like stupid man. I have no idea. I mean, even Chris Reeves is a wheel and around in that chair. How come he didn't have at least superman? Why do you make him invulnerable? I have two more quick things now. And then I can't go here. Yes. There's a book. I just ordered that Templeton book to farewell the God is coming in any day now. And all of them that book can't be bought in the book stores in America. And I was in borders last night getting this P.D.R. book. And I was thinking to myself, how come what kind of a country is this? I can't get an anti-religion book like that. I have no idea. But there's another book. It's an older book. You might even have read it by Walter Kaufman. It's called a critique of religion and philosophy. No. And this guy just rips everybody. I mean, he's not an integrity. Rips Christianity, he was Judaism. He just rips everybody. He rips all the philosopher. This guy is probably the world's biggest cynic of all time. And closing Neil. I just like to say, maybe make a flight adjustment to the Constitution and the Bill of Rights instead of freedom of religion. It should be freedom from religion. Movers post already have that. I'm not supposed to. Okay, have a great day. What's your course? That's story. Somebody fact me already had that clip down. Sentence reversed in Cincinnati over Bible verse. Did you see this story? Oh yeah. Don't you understand. We got to get that food old-time religion. And because that's the American fucking way. A prosecutor to set on Saturday, who was appalled by an appeals court decision. The decision to overturn a prison sentence for a child rapist because the judge when imposing punishment had quoted from the Bible. In a two to one verdict, you'll hire a first district court of appeals late Friday. Reverse to 51 years sentence of James Arnett, 33 who had played a guilty in January to 10 counts of rape involving the e-roll daughter of his fiance. I'm absolutely appalled by this ruling Hamilton County prosecutor Mike Allen said. For 200 years in this country, judges have been voting and voting scripted in a courtroom. I think this is reverse this reversal of sentences total nonsense. In its majority opinion, the appeals court said judge Melba Marsh clearly was influenced in her sentencing by a passage from the Bible. She therefore denied that a defendant is right to do process by violating the guarantee of separation of church and state it said. By fact, ring in religion, the court is acting outside of Ohio's sentencing guidelines, as well as violating the offender's due process rights, Judge Mark Paderot and his majority opinion. Judge Marseille and the court room that she had used the Bible as an additional source of help in determining the severity of the sentence. She quoted from Matthew, but who, so ever shall offend one of these little ones, which believe in me, it would be better for him that a most stone were hanged around his neck and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. Allen said he would try to make sure our net remains in prison until a case goes back to judge Marseille and sentence. He like a little appeal to the decision of the Ohio Supreme Court. So in other words, we all want him in jail, like 100 years. But maybe the judge had stopped quoting from all this horror horseball stuff. He said incredible or what? Crazy answer. He's quoting from the Bible. The Bible said that in the sentiment so long. Youting. Like I said. That's the American fucking way. That good old black magic, maybe that good old hoax focus. The old god. Well, I was thrown out on drugs and I'm few down the road because that was filled with his liquor and lords. Right. When you walk the man with a powder that stands in the front of the building, he's there and fell and we're just getting there and you're there. You're that's the honor and the truth. You're fit in front of your ear, because you're in a fear where the woman who's never to be. She was a crazy, won't you give it well steps? Give it well steps, father give it 13, maybe more. No. Dad and brush off the knob of my shoulder. Turned out it was a blow. Won't you give it well steps? Give it 12 steps, father give it 13, maybe more. I'm getting real tired of rolling my pages. Then rolling one point for me. That's me to be tough. Okay, 114 and 560 WQM block today, a week Monday again second week in a row. I mean desperate one call on a board and then I'll do my thing for the PDR. Let's get lunch from Chuck's will have lunch play a lot of stuff. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Yes sir, Mr. Neil Rogers. Yes, yes, this has got from Palm Beach. I'm a Butler in Palm Beach. I work for a billionaire and I've been listening to you since 1976. Yeah. And I have four things on my plate and I'm going to go down the list here. I write things down this way, don't waste your time or your audience. Hey, call the time you want Scott, you're the only caller when to board. Take a lot of time. What a guy, what a time. Think I'm not going to say today. Yeah, all right. Number one, the year. They're all out there buying bottle water and bad. Yeah, there's a guess what, that's number one. Yeah. Here's two thousand, guess what, those beastly brothers. They have computers, right? You're not going to be out of the air. You may be off the air, the year 2000. I guarantee you one thing sir, January 1st 2000 will not be on the air. You can bet your life on it. All right, number two. Number one, it's a holiday, number two, it's a Saturday. So far two, that's the 80 strikes right there. All right, here comes number two. Yes. Cops find felons by stopping drivers with their radar. You know, they find people that are DUI guys that are down the road, when they shouldn't be on the road. So guys like you that have their, that are, well, that's number two. They say, well, I know you carry on about how they cost with their radar. They should, they should be doing something else. But they find felons by stopping these people. All right, let me see you. All right. Let me ask you this. How about if they just stop everybody? No, sir. No, no, no, no. Yeah, they'll find a lot more criminals if they just stop everybody. Don't be at the end of every street. No, just stop everybody. Number three. In other words, you're justifying speed traps. Is that what you're saying? Sir, not exactly. Yeah, okay. Number three. All right. Number three. When you, when you go, I know it's time almost hanging up on the car. No, I'm not getting close. Yeah. Number three. I'm getting close. Number three. I believe you, I believe you. We have to stop. We have to stop. Listen. Number three. Come on. All right. We're here. Number four. About the, the party that we served in everybody was in Tuxedo. Yeah. They all jumped in the pool. Yeah. Politicians. I won't mention any name. Billionaires, politicians, and people that know you. All right. Number three. Yeah. All right. All right. Hold on. There's nobody else on the, on the phone. Yeah. We got other people on the phone. It's only a four hour show. We've had nothing but pure crap. You are, you're the one, oh, got you. You lost. Okay. Have a great day. Woo. Wow. Like I said, don't complain about the calls when you get a call like that. Oh. 560, 560, Pond 560, on the 182 wireless line. The only head, what? 70, you're ready? Different things that he wanted to talk about, right? Yeah. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Del Ray Beach, Ella. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. We watched something on Channel 10 News the other night that had a so outraged that I had to bring it to your attention to what's the most. You remember a couple of months ago, a man in his son were riding on a motorcycle. And they were hit by hit and run driver left on the road dead. No. Witnesses. It was up in pop and open. And witnesses. So somebody get out of the car and take a license tag, walk their car and flee. And they found the car on the saw grass expressway and long story into short. They tracked it down. So this 18 year old, ask it bull star. Girl basket bull star from Ely High. And now she committed vehicular man's slaughter. Hit and run and left the scene in the crime. Yeah. So they were there. They tracked her down and they arrested her and everything else like that. They had a feature on what the aftermath of all this was on the on the news on Thursday night. You mean how impact her career is that what you're saying? Exactly. Now this is a girl in high school. So they showed the widow of the man that was killed and she's saying I can't believe this is happening. And what are they show, but they show her basketball coach. And he gets up there and says, yeah, well, she crowds the middle and she makes. The shot and they show pictures of the girl. This this Amazon mutant. Yeah. Running around and making shots and she's not in jail. She's nothing like nothing happened. But what if she's nothing? She's there no charges and there's got to be charges. There's this there's been like, well, she's out there walking around and playing basketball for Ely High and that's Yeah. And like, well, how about Brian Blades? He's back fast and jumping home. But it's just, you don't understand. The world of the the Jackocracy in America, you've got a whole different set of rules. I mean, how about O.J. he's walking around loose. And he tells you people. I mean, this woman killed somebody. Yeah. We're in off the mic. I tried to completely conceal the evidence. Yeah. Took the bin number off the car the whole nine yard. Yeah. And she's out there to invest in ball and running, What does jumping hide? And I run it fast and stuff and stuff and stuff and stuff and it's yeah. It's unbelievable how that's the American fucking way. That's right. Well, I mean, you know, somebody else undoubtedly undoubtedly. I didn't see him. It was it was the most incredible thing. I mean, how how what? What? Diversity and what nerve it takes to sit there and say, well, you know, she feels real sorry about it. Yeah. And the only thing that can be said about this girl is that she runs and jumps. She runs and jumps. There you go. That's the American word. I like the kind of thing. Take to incoming the morning. Okay. He's not a control. But Mike Tyson and Jail. Yeah. There you go. At least for six months. It'll be out in six months. Good behavior. But in Indiana because this is going to be violation of his parole. He could get another four or five years. Yeah. Look at all the money. It's going to save all of you. I'm going to be talking about there. They keep subsidizing this. This scumbag. This human piece of direct. Subhuman direct. Every time he fights him other pieces of light like that big fad, German that he just bought here a month or whatever ago at the MGM. Pathetic. It's like some kind of a mental illness in his country. The bigger the scumbag, the more they're attracted to him. It's a freak show. Open line and Broward to and date 560 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How long are you today? Good. I want you to thank you for taking my call. You've got a very interesting and entertaining show. I was calling because I thought that you know the people may not be so talkative today because they haven't had their hypocondriac diagnosis for the day. I know I took tuned in late but I didn't know if you had covered that today. My hypocondriac diagnosis? Yeah. Remember last week you were talking about how everybody is sick and we have to pick an illness for the day. Yeah. I didn't know if we had done that yet. Not yet. No. Well there's a lot of cool. It sounded like that butter had a mental illness. Yeah. I don't think he was flying on all thrusters. But you know what? I haven't even had time to think about what we were thinking of working. What's that? I said, what is it? Oh nothing. All I was saying was that I haven't had the opportunity to diagnose myself today. I was going to draw from your wisdom before I made an assessment. Okay. I'll go work on it. I think you're probably lacking material. Okay. We got one call on the board time. I got a waste time when he's calling. You got nothing to say today. Why didn't you say that at the beginning of the show? You've got no material. I got tons of material here. They got none. Here's four miles. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. The board of doors for the private homes. Do you think they'd find a felon? That's the fact it's funny. You should mention that. But they're going to be staring at that next Monday. Because this Thursday or Friday, it can start. They're going to finish up this this penis gay thing. So starting Monday can start is going to be. That's going to be a next project. How about check board of door searches to find felon? I mean, this guy was on acid or something. Is Butler this lunatic. How about check points on the road. Just stop. You're not for speed. Check point Charlie. You're not for speed. Check point. Everybody. That's right. Think they found felon? No question about it. How about if they have to present it? Put that damn John Lalsh right out of business. That America's most wanted who needs him. But we can just be stopping everybody in their house in restaurants and in key rooms. Sorry. In key rooms out there on a sidewalk stop pedestrians. Uh oh, you look suspicious. Let's check your ID. Oh, no. We got a felon. You don't have to look suspicious. You have to present your ID to all law enforcement agencies upon demand. Just on a whim. Yeah. We're fine felon. So I guess we need all of these things. Starts Monday sir. Hi. And a neighborhood near you. Excellent idea, pal. Once we get through with this painting, penis gay. Let's embark on. Barley's gay. And get with it. But like I said, the Butler was on acid. When that name of a movie, the Butler was on acid. Man. What a maniac. Open line of Broward all 10 and day. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. As we try to squeeze a little something out of this audience today. Just squeeze a little something. That's what we're getting. So when are we getting back to the speaking of the guy that had nothing to say about illness? And I'm very grateful by the way. Was it a doctor? Somebody that called on Friday when I was talking about this thing I've had and go into my doctor, Puskomenak, a Cleveland Clinic. I'm very grateful to the guy that says it takes 7. What do you say 7? The 30 days to get a prescription drug out of your system? Did anybody said? One guy said 30. One guy said 2. No, 2 is nothing, answer. But in any way, because this thing is much much better. In fact, you'll see the rashes just about gone. But it takes time to get that crap out of your system. But anyway, I did go out yesterday to the borders and pick up the PDR. The family guy, the prescription drugs, the brand new one. Now, as great as my doctor is over there, Cleveland Clinic. I do want to say this. He was brought up on the phone. Because you know, I give them all the symptoms all the problems I've had for 7 or 8 weeks. And he said, oh, yeah, these are all symptoms of allergic reaction to Adelaide. But except the rash, he says, I don't know what that is. Well, guess what? I even got a circle right here. In fact, wait until you hear, this is only one drug, okay? The fedapine, brand names, procardia, procardia, XL, Adelaide, and Adelaide, CC, which is what I was taking CC timerly. Stop and listen, open up your ears and listen to the potential side effects of one drug. More common side effects may include constipation, cough, dizziness fatigue, flushing, getting this headache, heartburn, heat sensation, lightheadedness, mood changes, muscle cramps, nasal congestion, nausea, sore throat swelling of the arms, legs, hands and feet, tremors, weasings. Let's come inside effects may include Adominal pain, blurred vision, chest congestion, chills, cramps, diarrhea, difficult or labored breathing, difficulty and balance, difficulty sleeping, causing this dry cough, dry mouth excessive sweating, fever, fluttering heartbeat, gas, general chest pain, hives, impotence, indigestion, itching, geriness, joint pain, leg cramps, muscle and bone inflammation, nervousness, pain, production of large amounts of pale urine, rash, sexual difficulties, shaking this, shortness of breath, skin inflammation, sleep disturbances, sleepiness, sleepiness, stiff joints, tingling or orpindan needles, weakness, rare side effects may include, I'm not even, we are not even started yet. Rare side effects may include abnormal or terrifying dreams, anemia anxiety, arthritis, back pain, belching blood, and urine, breast development and males, breast pain, breathing disorders, dark, stools, containing blood, and blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, with breathing difficulty, tearing eyes, temporary blindness, temporary blindness, upper respiratory-tact infections, feeling vague feeling of illness, vertical vision changes, vomiting, and weight gain. Oh! Ha ha ha! That's it. That's the end of the list. Oh, God. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Well, God gave me the ability to pee while standing out. He also gave women the capacity for multiple orgasms. And as far as things go on the fairness tale, we think we got kind of jiff. I mean, really, women can at least squat if they have to. Or do we supposed to do a go again? I don't think so. Or at least I didn't until I met Suzy T. We've indeed, you know. I'm Suzy T. Makeer of the all new prescription medication. Phenzo Diapathyamine. Also known by a shelf name, four gaz. It pill the lode you up with four times the normal amount of sexual love. Now, with Suzy T. Four gaz and I have the best of both worlds. I can take a leak off the set of my boat and then hump all night long. No restrictions. Four gaz and can result in penal explosion. Some not quite repeat that again because you heard what I said. There's a reason for just one happy verse. But if you feel the need to circumvent mother nature yet again, PR guests and try four gazs. And today, also look for I want to room two. The latest envy drugs will be in the next and cabinet of please. Coming soon. It's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM. Here's a call from Toronto. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. You have a great show for us. Yes I do. I have a fantastic. I've kept leaves. I'm actually looking to show in the net. Yeah. Unbelievable. And the price is right. Even so they can across the border. How do you like that? That's fantastic. Wait till that frog John Craig Jen finds out we're sticking across the border. He'll be the MPO. Oh, we'll see you can be really. All those frogs. Yeah. Oh, I know. I'm, you know, from Toronto. Are you still living Montreal? I'm excited to leave. Congratulations getting out sir. Will the last English speaking Canadian get the clothes of the door? Great. Squeeze the flag. That's right. Hopefully. I will see what happens. But, uh, so what do you think of the trade with Boris? What do I think of it? Yeah. What's not to like? Oh, it's a great. How we just got to get him back in shape again. We got to hope that these not out for too many games. Because it's obvious without him this team is a little on the weak side. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Great trade. 100% of great trade. Yes sir. You think they're going to make the playoffs? I guess so. We'll see. We'll see. In fact, in his potpan, one of the most idiotic comments that was in the Pittsburgh India that I, and he was saying, well, you know, even before the very trade, the panthers looked like a team that was going to make the playoffs. I just left my ass off. I mean, this man is so dumb, the malnother frog, you know what you expect. That's right. And at least Pete, no jersey there. How do you like that sir? Oh, well, actually, what you can eat and then. Oh, God. To me, it's. Can't believe you said that. I know. I know. Well, kick some out of the ass. Okay. At least can use some help. Oh, I know that. And have a great day. Okay. Oh, you will need 100 numbers. Don't you have a? 800 numbers? No. No. 100. 100. That's our number. Every day. Okay. See you around. Spare some change, Mr. And out of here. See if he was the leaf fan. He's been on a lot longer. But he's a Canadian fan. Oh, well, while he can't help it. We have an open line of day. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 6. On the 18. How about if I read all of side effects again, huh? Including rash. There you go. And those other 8 million possible side effects too. I thought you were a little more giddy than usual. Rimes with. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I got a question for you. Can you share with your audience when you're lovers, banging you in the park? Another pathetic sphack. That's all they know man. It's all they know is direct direct direct direct direct direct. That's right. That's right. That's just a middle-leave or expertise. Yeah, but have a nice life. And we're so glad that you're listening. Okay. You little, uh, money cone. What medical and grand, grand decimo. We have it open line in date 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. On the 18. Why not? See, they did it. Can't handle it. It's so disturbing that they can't turn it off because the only person in the world that will actually out little and a but's rather that okay they like to spread it around they like to spread it back to that to here's a corals bring solo yes sir this is a who are you calling from corals bring from the it's embarrassing to bring it up inside back to the and the mottocone is there anything else in your vocabulary sir very embarrassing well I hope to add something to show that's all we get that from the real software to speak community that's all we get on this show that's like 98% of the calls are just like that old jackass I just had on there something got me to thinking this white to k both you know that's nothing but that's what it is the people have been scared I don't know if it's by a billgate or IBM or somebody and all they have to do is go on my new computers or fix them up and these people are going to make more money than ever there's no question to cottage industry now and they sit there they can to be in the business the people sit there like train circuseels you know clapping and you know giving more computers more computers right and thinking about train circuseels you got me to thinking about something else this is a little bit of a sandwich language state for you the Spanish word for steel it's F O C A focus if you ever see a pregnant seal you say look at that mother focus really I hope you can use that material is in stoke in laboka well the focus on whatever you want to do it okay and have a great day see what I'm saying about those uh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha we have an open line in the braward five six seven five sixty pound five sixty that's our poll question today by the way we haven't had one yet that's our poll question why is it that these soft flora I'm not going to say his Spanish community it's the Cuban community you know those Puerto Ricans they got other things under my like switch played by Colombians they're in the white powder but the Cubans they're like obsessed with the human rectum all you know in fact we had such a flood of calls there several months ago when we're talking about anal sex and I would say that 110 percent of those colors were Cubans they're like obsessed with that that's all he knows ass Gordon gives out Florida a major blow job are you in search of a high paying temporary job at sick of the rules and regulations that govern the civilized business world then perhaps you should join the other thugs at the letrails pre-well temporary service at the letrails pre-well temporary service you'll be trained in a fine art at employer worker relationships by Mr. Springwell and sell a safer instance of big pack packet ask you to send a thanks ball you just smile you can't see not the ball tell me more too you'll also be schooled in Mr. Springwell's revolutionary computer technique as someone ask you if you know how to use with you with that I should say I know how to throw you dumb ass out of wood and best of all the letrails pre-well temporary service teaches all its employees Mr. Springwell's time tested salary negotiation method what you get to hands run next you climb constitution to the same door employees at the letrails pre-well temporary service can make as much as 17.3 million dollars every two years with five months off to run people off the road with your license the letrails pre-well temporary service call today by the way letrails just in prison that new group up in the arts and see you came to the next sis yes i as come by as in sports that's like my lunch come to the door when i could close personal frank shock and it is thank god good to see a truck i'm looking forward that thing so much of a big all weekend about the beautiful chef salad that your chance on some of the or a Friday whatever day it was i mean cohere just thinking about it here's well-being to north Carolina hello uh... what's your name again you it's a snail head yes it's joc yes joc yeah i thought you hello joc but it was going yes i'm talking about that i'm talking about my friend and my name last night i live down there right and uh... we got into a little discussion about evolution and uh... we're talking about the year two thousand also oh yeah he was you know he uh... called me this morning was playing me your show and gave me a number and i've been listening to you for about an hour right pretty interesting um i don't know it just seems that uh... i don't know where to start it seems that i know what he wants to uh... only only with them that we have as christian is from the word of god oh so in other words you're limited to all that uh... all the bubble my shit in the bible you can't learn anything by like uh... you know reading a book any other book or like a life experience or uh... you know just common sense or seeing what's going around you let's all part of it but uh... just to get down and not some both i mean how are we supposed to have any kind of uh... well where does it say they uh... in the good book anything about the why two k-problem i miss something in there well just put down a little bit how we supposed to reason and and talk and have a conversation if basically you know your view is that all this is a bunch of hogwash and superstition because that's my opinion so how how how can i have a conversation with other words you think that i should just agree with you and then we can have a conversation no i'm not that my opinion it is a bunch of crap and to buy the superstitious bookcraft but how how uh... what i'm looking at all these other things how how can you like that when you don't take the time to look at any of the stuff in detail like like what well in other words when you when you say things like you're students yeah yeah holy bible just a bunch of bullshit but give me an example i'm not looking at all these things i've read all about crap years and years ago and it was crap then it's the what do you give me for an example well as far as archaeology goes in history you know sounds like you're pretty intelligent and you know you're probably trying to stay upon top of things for the history of the world goes it's kind of hard to deny the uh... not now it evidence that backs up the bible and the matter if it's hard to deny that the world has been here for like five or six thousand years when we have fossil evidence that's been here for billions of years well that's the thing you have a lot of cruise that another communist conspiracy sir i'll tell you how we're dating at the other company think of conspiracy let me uh let me talk about it yes the uh... i would totally agree with you that christianity has a bad name but there are still a decade of its whether it's christianity judiism uh... bootens it's all a bunch of crap was invented by men because man's afraid to die that's why well the thing is you know you're saying what is the thing well when you when you're bash christians and you bash christianity it's easy to do if you don't understand what's really happening well when you you keep you know something because i talked to people i've been doing this for a hundred years and i talked to people like you who keep repeating glittering general you're not saying anything well the thing is what is really happening that i'm missing sirs okay it's a bit what's not going on you're looking at the surface you're looking at just the mere part of the happening under the surface what's going on there a lot is it the secret surface well there's more than meets the i man like that you have to get a minute i've asked you for like three minutes you've been on out of give me one example and you can't do it what what would give me it can pass me specific questions where did cancer come from well that's where i i i'd love to get into with you the whole reason why people are dying and you say oh god's an asshole and this man and why is he killing people if he loves it's got his love why isn't it that's all right well the reason is i believe it's simply taught in the Bible that he's doing this he's permittance now so that we learned what's going on the permission of evil he's what we're learning now but that's what it'll learn really what are what are we learning what is going on goes through some horrible death that dies of some grotesque disease because god created invented some virus some horrendous life form what are we learning i know it's not easy but i'm trying to explain it to you simple as i can't know how you have to come down to my level well i'm not i'm not trying to say many better new we're all we're all in it so say something wrong simple i'm trying to man we're all learning about what not to do we're learning about death but that's why Jesus came on the earth to pay for okay i have a great day yeah get out here and you like North Carolina and you like the mountains yeah i got new rivers laid in in the left room compared to the people up there in the mountains they're like they're like right in from the assholes in an entry right yeah yeah i don't go there for the company you find out you know you looked like kind of white bread like generic uh huh you don't look at all cuban you haven't seen many cubans in what does that mean i look like all the cubans i know no you know you don't look you don't look the least bit human look like every cuban in my family and darker than most you're darker than most of your skin on the ghost i've got blue eyed blonde in the family yeah so what does that but you let me say it again i'm talking about to the uninitiated yeah they all think like you're not moving in the can sure they think you're what they all think the cubans are brown people you're here to find the opposite okay i think it's just i've just had a good best lunch i ever had my life best meeting the world huh why so you were talking about the mug once in north here oh i'm talking about the cold cuts in the cheese and all those good stuff in here this is this is my lunch for life this is my actin's uh solution now i'm saying that they would look at you when they would think there's a little uh uh cracker there they wouldn't think you're human right that's the only reason that you're just sliding by up there now once those folks up there in mountains from a tree find out where your ancestors are from they all know they're all right that's what you think wait till the board gets up i'm gonna get rid billboards up there just to show you what those people are really like no it is also that you make it back in one piece and not that our houses on is known as the cuban mountain really cubans live there we have an open line to brighten up seriously let let's talk about this okay because this guy from north carolina i mean this this was pathetic did he really say anything oh he just like all of them he just keeps going around in circle and well you know you if you would just look at the uh beneath the surface and look at the you know okay well what are you talking about well you know about it but it will double talk nothing but double talk but this business about the why two cases in which i brought up at the beginning because i made the front page yesterday is here and of course if it's in the hero of muskies i'd really a legitimate story but this is happening all over this country because stupidity and superstition are rampant and the fact that this described the meeting that was going on in church and of course is going on in churches all over this country shows you how ignorant the people are in those churches or otherwise they probably wouldn't be there in the first place but i'd like somebody in the audience to explain to me since we have all these people like to picture this woman in the story about the lady in plantation of all places got for it that are stockpiling groceries now let me ask you this what is going to happen with computer glitches assuming that there are any significant ones what's going to happen that's going to prevent you from being able to buy food supplies on the first of January 2000 why won't you be able to go in your supermarket and your public's or wind dixie or your 711 or your shell station and buy your bread and soda and water and whatever else you want what is it that's going to be a computer driven in those stores can anybody name me anything no the cash register the scanners yeah all the scanners the uppc now we hit the mother load that universal pricing good i'll never forget i was on wusnouze about 700 years ago when they first came out with the universal pricing code all the products so they could scan real fast and you know run your two there in about a minute instead of five minutes all those dumbbells that is especially now because they got to some people working most of the supermarkets they couldn't make change if they're left dependent on or figure out the price can you imagine the amount of man hours that it saves instead of the old days when you stand guys stamping the price on every box and putting labels on every can with the price i remember how much effort that used to take and now they had the little universal pricing code and all these right wingers especially but all the super say oh my god that's the market of these that's the six six six that's the a trilateral commission behind that they were having a nervous breakdown over the universal pricing code on the items that we buy in the supermarket which makes for quick to skip price scanning and now let's find out since you're mentioned that you know they're and of course there will not be a problem with that because they're not that has nothing to do with the date i know that comes in the great track to you but whether the date is January the second or October the fifth or ten weeks from circus it has nothing to do with what the date is that's all computer control based on the product regardless of the date i mean we're talking something so simple you have to be so in that listen you're laughing but i want to cry you have to be so dumb to believe that you won't be able to go into your supermarket and buy whatever it had you want oh well the truckers you know i didn't i didn't know just like i said about your car i didn't know that truck operated on the date of the month of the the date when those guys who are schlepping all that all that produce and all those all that stuff from whatever or warehouse they're living from like from up in Orlando where the public's warehouses and they're schlepping down here so they have to do they have to like find out what day of the year it is to get in their truck and make it start no does the computer in your automobile doesn't have anything to do with the day of the year no and again i mean things that are so obvious why aren't the people in the mass media who could do so much to calm people down and avoid all the craziness that's going to go on the last two or three months of the year it's already starting now so we're either first week at the second weekend February oh we're going to go into supermarkets there's going to be a big run on beans going to be a big run on toilet papers and there ought to be a lot of toilet paper because like i said these people are full of crap they're oozing crap from every part of their body oh but you understand the bother like this guy from up there in the woods in North Carolina where ever he is and i'm glad that your friend has you listening on the audio net or however it might be listening oh that's probably another come out you know comic conspiracy the audio net because maybe it might be exposed to something that makes sense for the first time in your life instead of believing a lot of glittering gentimalities that we were brainwashed with when you were young before we had a chance to think for yourself here's a mobile in four lot of it all hello hey Neil how's it going okay sir i wanted to get back into the police state thing that's been going on down here with the traffic stops i'm a Caucasian long here at american and one night i was driving going to pick up a mop and i'm a mop my girlfriend then owned a cleaning business and i want to get her a mop at albert's and the officer pulled me over and i said there's something wrong all my equipment's working i had my seat belt on i used my turn signal to me so i know and anyone on to give me a ticket because i didn't have my registration in the car with mm-hmm i agree with you 100% it's called looking for creative ways to write business exactly how do you have the more the more people they stop the more things they can find there are any crimes out there and they're revenue collectors right here you got it anyway thanks for being there Neil and have a great day sir what was he doing with that mop by the way well personal we have an open line at drower at five six seven five six eight five six eight on the AT&T wireless line 1056QN the hangover show from sure the stick to that's coming along at two i know that the lord even loves Neil Rogers south spraw keep That makes me a very easy. And I'm having fun playing around with my mouth. I'm not thinking to stop. I'm not going to stop. Come on, Stephanie, I'm at $5.60WQ. That's right. The end is coming. And by the way, so when it's time to end is coming, the final days, the end of civilisation is we know it. Stop giving any money to him, okay? Because if the end is coming, they won't need any more money. Your church, your religious organisation, they're not going to need any more money. Are they? No, the end days are here, baby. It's all over as we know it. Can have all the other stuff that they don't want, like their paper money. And how about all the porn over from the Catholic Church in Rome from the Vatican? The world's largest pornography collection? How about that? Yeah, in fact, you ought to get on a phone right now. You can't look shout there. You get on a phone to the Vatican and tell them as long as they're ready to throw in the towel because the end days are coming. You want all those riches they got. All that great art collection and stuff. I will give it to you. Yeah, bet. Here's a pay phone in the Gables, hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. Essentially, what the problem with is with the Y2K thing is that most operating systems only track the year date in two fields. And this year's going to be a leap year, 1900 wasn't. Now, how this would affect you and buying food and things? Most distribution services use computers, the load that trucks, etc. do, they're billing and things. So suddenly if the computer thinks it's 1900, you might get a bill for 50 hamburgers that will be $50,000. And at that point in time, you're going to have to stop everything in the reconcile things. It's not if you are going to be able to get food, but there will be shortages, etc. And most people aren't aware that there is a problem. Well, what do you mean there will be shortages? Now, the reason why they don't think that those distribution centers of gigantic chains like publics and when they see that they're doing and correcting the problem now? No, they're not. I work for one at the moment. And they are doing nothing to address the Y2K issue. And since I do work directly for one of the major companies, I have aware of what particular software releases are behind. I mean, a lot of these applications we use are two to three major releases behind it because of poor management, poor planning, not having the money to go into research and development. So, it is going to be an issue. I don't think the sky is going to be falling, but it is going to be an issue. I don't agree. I don't think that by that time it will be any issue. Well, no, it's doing anything about it, except your major companies that actually have the funding in the inside to take care of it. But these smaller legacy systems that are out there, the people really aren't doing anything to address it. I wouldn't mention that. And do you believe that between now and the end of the year, which we've only got like almost 11 months, they're not going to correct the problem? Do you really believe that? I believe that 40 to 50% of computer systems will be corrected, but I believe half of them are just going to do a wait and see, and there'll be inconveniences, billing errors, things of that nature that will take place. Yeah, that's true. And so when I go to the supermarket, I'm not going to be able to buy by ground beef and my shoulder and my dog food. You will probably able to get a central food stuff, but luxury items like fish food and just exotic things. And there will be inconveniences in those areas. I mean, it's just going to be... Well, me, I'm not going to be able to get billing jury's fish food. Yeah, I mean, you know, the world will come to the end. Oh, my God. It's horrible. But I have a little story. I'd like to relate to you since you were talking about the people that are here in South Miami. I was going to my public last night. Going through the green light and all of a sudden, here comes this bicycle across the street. So, it's... Oh, no, I just thought I'm going to keep going, but for 50 extra point, he had a baby on the street. So I decided I'd stop and let him know, you know, if you don't care about yourself, at least care for your child. He perceived to give me a finger and continue on down the road. I mean, it's just shocking down here. But being a computer person, I'd like to think that most Americans are eight bits even parody and our friend South of the border are just seven bits odd parody. Okay, I have a great thing. Okay, we have an open-minded bride. Do you believe anything that he just said? No, I don't either. Do you believe that any major food chain in this country? Is going to risk one day of normal business? When you stop and imagine the amount of money that they could lose, is there any chance that that happened in the past? No. But hey, fish food, I'm starting to get real worried now. Like our good friends have been in juries. Are they going to let one stone unturned in, of course not? 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line? He sounded just a little bit sue on a sued side to me. That I'm saying a little sue me as in Snoody. Here's a lady in Ivent here, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. You're not the lady stuck in all the toilet paper, right? No, sorry. I only have about a month supply with it, but I've been raised that way. I went into all greens last week to get a prescription filled with the dark-tolding that they'd collected in the morning. Their computers are down. Sunday night at 8 o'clock, they finally filled it. The clerk's restating there with their hands in the pocket. 8 hours, I think, can't have it and you write it down. I'm going to come back and tell you when your computer's gone. No, we can't fill it. Why can't you? It's done by computer. Yeah. So everything is weird like this. And like our office, every Friday our computers are going down now. What is that happening with the day? Yeah, well ours, I'm today county. So anything is possible with day county. No, no, I'm saying, well, what does that have to do with the day or the year? The day is the stupidity of the people like you were saying when you go into a place in the computers go down the electricity. They can't bring up change. They can't do anything without a computer to avoid everybody's entrained. The brains have left. That's it. Okay, thanks. See you all greens. So what did she say? We have an over line of day one and a broad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm pie, 60, on a mobile online. So there's two ways we can play this. You know, we can get into bed with all the supermarket chains. And all the other people I want to make a fast buck. I mean, you know, we can spread the paranoia spread the hysteria. Fan the waves of it. Preset seems to be the popular fencing now. Like that guy to call two calls ago. Oh, yeah, they're not going to anything about it. Do I believe that? No, I don't. Not for a second, not for a millisecond. It's a little software package and disc for crying out. Yeah. That's all they're. Are you trying to like simplify this when they're making it so complicated and so much fun? Always sticking your nose in and try to simplify things. They'd like to make it complicated because of we're so simple and any more on configure it out. And they're counting on the fact that these more on can't figure it out. Open line and date county, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound pie, 60 on a mobile online. And I know, and I get in my truck. That if it ain't the right day of the year, that thing, that key you can't even turn it much less Start the engine. That key won't even budge. Huh? Isn't that what that little code is there on the key? You know, how the car keys don't have that little code? That's not to say what what the key is. Look at it. Look at that. That's part. It's like that UPC code. Like the universal pricing. It's a county pink code. It's between the Illuminati and the Toronto Commission are the ones that They're done it. In fact, look, on the one side of the key, it says Illuminati on the other side, it says Tri-letter or frickin' commission. So, county pink, oh, plot, baby. I'm just telling you, on yours, there is one of the most idiotic. That's our pull question. Who's dumber? Senator Susan Collins of Maine, or Pat Schroeder, the former Congress Bitch from Colorado. Two of the most simple thin bitches that ever were born. But I think the past in it was a very bad man. And if you ever heard the way this woman speaks, she's a pot of a per second. She's so stupid, it's scary. That kind of pressure I've already said. Just a half. I've already been a huge enormous respect to the job that the health managers have done. In other words, that's not how it's done. I mean, we're getting it off. Bubble head would be a compliment to this bitch. And she's in the US Senate. Is that the best they can do in Maine? Yes. And the one right never been to Maine. Come on, it's not the way that song goes ever been to Maine. 10 minutes after no, it's 5.60 WQMH. Bill's the cards in Monica's vagina. Ah, gee, now you're fucking saying me. You let's out of here, go. When he makes it way, go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. Welcome, but it's a garden her vagina. She's all mine. Uh-huh. Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you made for. And in Arkansas, the term sees her back. Means all her naked. Says, report you need to go and lie. Now, please, then he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practice of joke. He took a matching noodle for an exploding. Loaded for Monica was blowing. He was blowing the smoke out of the register. Bill's the cards in Monica's vagina. Ah, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way, go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But it's a garden her vagina. She's all mine. Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a full of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A family linking bedroom. She worked morning. More than alcohol was doing her with bills, old bones. Bill's the cards in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every pregnant time he makes it way, go. Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But it's a garden her vagina. She's all mine. Oh, can't do you think? Yes, I'm not the rest of the world. Oh, yeah. Once you've got to do it, take a tip of it. Equity, nothing, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, rock. Oh, yeah. 40 string. For 17 at 560s, WQM Sir George, somebody has facts that's a picture of an orthodox Jew. Typical stereotypical with a big black coat in the big black hat and a long black beard. And the glasses in a whole deal here. And he's standing at the wailing wall, not one bite in his bite in it. And he's reciting a prayer with a relative in France, who is on the mobile phone that bite in the holes to the wall. And George says, maybe they have call wailing. Oh, my God, if you could see this picture, he's holding up the cell phone against the wailing wall. And they're going, my world, I didn't even know that. But about the, oh, my God, they're doing the call wailing routine on a cell phone. Jesus Christ, I don't think he's saying that. We bring this to our next story. From Blanco, Texas in their flowing black robes and matching hats, the bearded monks of Christ of the Hills monastery were four years merely a curiosity. The faithful at the only Russian Orthodox monastery in Texas living in the Hiltop outside of town. Welcome outsideers who came to see their weeping icon of the Virgin Mary and said little when they ventured into black coat by groceries or mail letters. Lately though the monastery is quite world of worship has been shaken and its relationship with black Oathounds people strained by a sex scandal involving two monks. Oh, my God. Samuel A. Green, 54 known as Father Benedict, and Jonathan hit 37 known as Father Jeremiah, the hitman, though that. Have each been charged with three counts of indecency with a child. The charges involving mail were led just to new lived at the monastery in 1997. People fact in the church is age, of course, was not immediately available. The monks, both Americans were arrested in January. More that good old-time religion, baby. Here's Miami, hello. Okay, sir. You could tell that guy was a computer guy. He had a financial stake in all this crap. Yeah. That's what they're doing. He's been this man huge business. And if you think, I mean, they're not dumb enough. They're going to go to office people. You get little receipts and you have to stop being ill. You're lazy ass. Excuse my language. And write it out. All right. You write out your bill of lady. And you give it to the truck driver. And you drive to the store. Oh, my God. That's what he complicated. Oh, God. I mean, how did they ever transport all of these things before computers? I don't know. I'm old enough to remember when there was no such thing. They were the computers they had with those big gigantic enormous that took up a whole room. Those big gigantic registers that they used to have that meet all that noise. Yeah. They ran all electricity. I mean, please, I see some remember a stock boy is going super fast. Putting the prices on the cans. Right. With a little pricey guns. I remember a stock boy going really fast. So I mean, there's a little invention American invention called a generator. I remember a 19th and two after Andrew used to work at Walmart. They got a generator by the second day and they were running everything off of it. You get a little cheap cashier register that doesn't need a date. And you can run your business off that for a week to week. However, you're spending all their fun though to understand. Well, I said, when you make it very simple, when you take away all the BS and all the hysteria, then it spoils their fun. Oh, of course. Like this computer was you do referring to who's telling me that, well, you know, basics you'll be able to get. But anything exotic and erotic forget about it. Like I said, all my important stuff just in case the electricity goes off runs off my car DC battery. So, you know, and I got a generator that we charges that. So I don't give a crap. Yeah, but do you better watch the check the date on a generator. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah, right. Sorry, man. Okay. Yeah, it's very simple and they're making it complicated. That's the problem. Big song and a dance. Better get in there and stock up air. How would you like to have all the stuff. Refer to the money that represents all the stuff that's been bought just in the last 10 or 15 years in his town by his story. I don't want to make you created by Brian nor across and others, but especially by him. With people slumping into their supermarkets and hardware stores and every other convenient stores, bottle and lumber and batteries and the you name it. How'd you like to have it a bank somewhere? The amount of money represented by all of that crat that's been bought up by people they worked up into with hysterical frenzy. We have an open line of day one and a broward five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Voker. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, hey, don't. I'm just calling. I'm what you would refer to as one of these like right wing fascists, but I'm not a right wing. I self-proclaimed right wing fascist. I'm talking about that. Listen, I basically let me tell you something. The problem with the Republican party is that, you know, we got a few bad seeds in it. Okay. If you have a seed. If you have a few. Okay. Just a few. Well, we've got a couple of them. Okay. Do you remember like 10 years ago, if you were known as a liberal, what was the bad thing? Now it's turned around where if you're known basically as a conservative, it's a bad thing. Hey, you asked me, I'm planning to use on abortion. I believe they, this will promise a woman's right to choose. Yeah. Okay. Well, then you're out. You can't be in a Republican party with that attitude. You know what? There's a major problem with the Republican party right now. Yeah. Okay. I'm having a problem with it. Okay. You know, you think there's a lot of people out there and I'm a registered Republican. I listen to you all the time. Yeah. I believe in free speech. I believe in abortion. You know, if the woman chooses, I don't have a problem with gaze. I don't have a problem with blacks. Then did you come to the Republican and America today, Adir? You're out. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. You, you, you some proclaim your Republicans that are once they're going to have to figure out. You're probably 80% of the Republicans feel the same way I do. Yeah. Okay. Well, you're not putting your men in a human. You know, as far as we're rich in, you want to ask me about religion. Yeah. I think it's all a crocker crap myself. There. Then you're definitely out. You're out. Okay. You're an estimated man. But just gotta be like a third party or something here because I mean, we're closer. You know, I mean, I listen to you. I mean, you're entertaining. I listen to you all the time. It's, you know, and you're views are not so far away from my views. Okay. Yeah. So, so one and so what is it that makes you a Republican based on the word the party is today? What is it that you want to call your Republican? I'm not sure. That's why I asked the question. Okay. As far as can I give you the gun issue with an example? Yeah. Okay. I own guns. Okay. Now, let me ask you something. If you commit a crime with the gun, just like, you know, you call me a, a fascist or a gun, you're going to be a fascist. Okay. But let's see. The thing here is proposing right now where if you commit a crime with a gun, you get 10 years in jail. No questions out. Yeah. Great. Okay. That's great. Okay. If you shoot that gun, even if you don't hit anybody, you get 20 years in jail. Yeah. And if you shoot somebody in a given, you're in one of the day, die and act 25 years in jail. Do you agree with that? If you shoot some who said again the last part. Okay. They don't even die. I mean, if they die, you know, you know, in other words in this country, you're talking about a lot of, I guess you're, is this, does this include bringing back Brian Blades to town? Hey, I'm with John that one. Okay. I'll be number sports fan. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. We're not so far off on these issues. Okay. Go on. Are we on these issues? Well, what are these issues? Because I may agree with you on Capitol punishments? Yeah. We can pass all the gun laws in, in, at that we want. And other words, the gun issue transcends everything else. Is that what you're saying? Yes, I'm not going to be a part of the fact that the Republican Party now has been taken over by a bunch of right wing Bible something and I would think it is to learn Moses. That doesn't concern you. Are you agree with all we can certainly think about? You can't, you can't have a major political party based on one issue. You can't have it. Yeah. But if you want, on drugs, what's your view on drugs? Now, if you want what drugs? The fact that what you're talking about, marijuana, marijuana, marijuana, marijuana, and marijuana, marijuana, and any questions? Marijuana should be totally decriminalized. I agree with you. I agree with you. I agree with you. I ask the same thing. Anything above and beyond that should continue to be illegal. In fact, the penalties for cocaine, crack cocaine should be stiffer than they are right now. Can I ask you something, Neil? Here's my opinion on this. As far as crack cocaine, you can turn around. You can say, look, as far as if you're addicted and stuff like that. We'll go ahead for the next year. We'll, I mean, the government should turn around and say for the next year. We go ahead and we label penalties and stuff like that. We'll set up free treatment clinics and stuff like that. Hey, but now you're talking to Amsterdam. Okay, you're talking stuff that's never going to happen here. That's not going to happen here. Now you're kind of out of, and you tell as far as to deal with, hey, you have a year. Sure, sir. Let me say it again. You're talking, you're wasting your breath. You're wasting good pure oxygen. Okay. I don't disagree with you. I'm not going to happen here. Okay. It's going to happen here. It's going to happen here if the left people stick up. And let me ask you this, speaking of all the freedoms they have in Amsterdam. How come people over there are running around, cleaning each other, how can you even most of the cops don't have guns? Because maybe the rate will increase. Yeah, because maybe they're civilized. We're going to say, sir. Maybe maybe we need to be civilized. Okay. Amen. We came to a good point of agreement. It's very king and they don't come any better than Neil Rocker. And Neil Rocker, I was just named and it turned off the favorite part too. Oh, you expect the channels from the bad news, but three months has stopped the fire from the film. When the string was 90, like the string before, we had done it with the film. He heard a rumor that Los Angeles bailing was a tie by the hammer also. Oh, oi. Look at that, and play a watch to the ground. All the phones were ringing. And that and play a watch to the ground. All the two phones were ringing. And I knew the love to be. Made it some dead, and I was an ominous. Over the thru-funk, the dangerous cattle. Motion-failed in our TV. And a child away from us. This blue-fanned reality. Now he's wandering, if both of us clowns have a hand in prey, and looking tall and down. Working dirty now after a train went to see birds. And a combination for some of us. The night came play a watch to the ground. And a phone was ringing. And I said, play a watch to the ground. If water's ringing, you're beautiful. Over soon, but maybe it's on the outside. And you'll get it far too. And then you'll get it. Oh my god. He's serious. That's the worst part. 1233 at 560 WCW. So anyway, somebody has backed me some incredible stuff here. Because, like I said before, that article I read is only 27 million different websites on the Y2K problem. And like everything else you find on the internet, 99% of it is pure beyond a shadow about unadulterated crap. As far fetched as this may seem, it says, this is under a heading Y2K and martial law. Is he akin to martial Dylan? Huh? As far fetched as this may seem, the probability of state and federal governments declaring a form of martial law is quite high. In 2000, I think whoever wrote this was quite high. Unlike a bad Hollywood movie, as you can spear a sea plot, however, it is really happening in so-worldly real. Yeah, man. Given the interest doctor failures and civil disorder, that will surely accompany Y2K, a state of national emergency as declared by the president may occur shortly before 2000. The laws around the books and militaries around the world are preparing for Y2K. The thought of soldiers marching in the streets in a suspension of the constitution is frightening to us freedom-loving Americans. But so is the thought of lawless gangs taking control or an extended infrastructure power grid outrage. We may have to compromise our freedom until order is restored. In fact, given the alternative, the public may demand it. Ah! Besides full deployment of troops in major cities, the government may nationalize in their four control one or more key industries, as listed under the president's commission along critical infrastructure protection, PCCIP. Information and communications, gas and law transportation storage banking and finance, transportation water supply systems, emergency services, government services. Oh! This may done, for example, for a workaround to be accomplished in the power industry to keep the grid up. Regulations and insurance rules, warranty and federal or local laws restricting the ability to do so would be lifted. The United Nations efforts may be required to ensure food and energy production and delivery, which would also include rationing to prevent hoarding and rioting. And then we get to this whole deal about martial law. It's as other countries have been more open than the US in reporting their plans, leading the pack is Canada. They're mobilizing all 60,000 troops considering invoking, of course they had like 4,000 troops or whatever, because they had some snow and Toronto a few weeks ago, right? They got to have something to do. They're mobilizing all 60,000 troops and considering invoking martial law under the emergency powers, under the emergency powers act. New Zealand, Australia, and Britain have also got extensive plans underway. The degree and extent of martial law situation depends on the severity of the disruptions, why two cable bring. They can probably be divided into three degrees. Minor. Number one is minor, okay? Which would include deployment of national guard troops in some cities, to quite rioting during local infrastructure and power failures, with some emergency help of local authorities, last no longer than a month. Well, only a month. So, right with that, just a month to riot. Two major. Full deployment of standard military and guard national guard and major cities, nationalization of one of more key sectors such as food and energy production and delivery and transportation. This occurs of disruptions are so severe, it severely happens in normal distribution of resources, temporary loss of freedoms. Roy. And three. Third degree. As in don't give me the full deployment of troops, large scale catastrophic failures in all areas of infrastructure, with replacement of an anxal system. widespread civil chaos with long term in definite suspension of the constitution. Year 2000 elections cancelled. Military rule over industrial and commodity production with rationing. Is this exactly, is this incredible or what? Not that they're not that they're getting a little bit curried away. Are they, you think they're getting curried away? No. I think they're right on target, baby. We'll probably all be buying our stuff at target. We have an open line at Broward 5605060 on a mobile one line. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Any new. Yes sir. That was wonderful. I love it. I love it. Would you just read out? Well, let me add my two cents work on the Y2K. It's a real month ago I read an article on this particular company that they're the ones I probably started the history of Armageddon and the big, you know, that was going to break loose at the end of this year. Well, this particular company all they do is sell the software. Right. Of course. So, I'll take the computers to the major companies in the US. So, I think your company. Yes, I'm much they tend to make this year alone. Ten billion. A hundred million dollars. Well, I can say that's not even a bit of business, but I'll take it. Yep. And everything, it's going to cause the US companies this year between 45 and 60 billion dollars. Yeah. And somebody, uh, I'm sorry. We'll pay for it. Oh yeah, no problem. No problem. Somebody gave a perfect example. Say you were working at a, a food warehouse. Right. And on January 1st of 2000, the computer says all your food is a hundred years old. Mm-hmm. Would in common sense dictate that you should not throw it away? No. No. Oh, the computer says it's not really your zone, but not you got to throw it out. You got to throw it out. Right. And it's just truly amazing. Truly, truly amazing. But that's, uh, I mean. And thank God we're there making stuff for good shop life anyway, right? That is true. Right. And one, one final thing, uh, Neil Tilda, um, told George. There, there, there are no phagues in highly. OK. All right. OK. Okay. Oh, there. I've only a Westland though. That's an acceptance that's a fat-loaded zone. They got the fat-free zone, which is the right style here. But a Westland in the T-rooms. So what about this? What about this? Where the hell is it? Why? Two K-problem. It was worth it. Had a kind of trouble around her a little bit. It's not heavy on. It's not heavy on. It's no periage. It's not even tap water. This is a little bit of a... Oh! Case like dead! It is. The new bottled water. So, Case like this. Because it is. The tree. The new bottled pit swatter. The next time you want to quit your purse. Take a pit. It's water. From kidney bottling company. Golden shower Colorado. It's cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. Hey. Hey, I got no sport. There's a little marketing idea for it. It comes January 1, huh? A little escort score. To make a fortune in no time. And just capitalized on the... Oh, my! 2K problem. 1244 at 560WQM. I mean, just stop and think. How long would we've been talking about this? Why 2K for four years? Five years at least? Especially last year or four years. Now, it seems to me that if I'm like, you know, the chairman of the board of a major corporation, I'm just going to sit back and say, ah, screw it. We don't want to spend the mind to do that. Like, publics, for example. We're not going to worry about that. See, another thing. All this talk about, wow, you know, when January 1st comes, there's going to be all this chaos. What's going to happen on January 2nd? And January 3rd, and the 4th and the 5th and February, and the week from the circus the next year. In other words, if they're not addressing it now, if they haven't had enough time to address it now, what would be the logic that they would ever address it? Is there any? No. No. So like I said, you're re-op cozy with Charlton Hesden. You son of a bitch. Here's the crawl spring. Hello. Good afternoon. You mentioned one of my favorite stores before Target. And I'll get to them in a second. About a month ago when you were buying your toilet seat, you correctly ran into a rave about the lack of service. Most of these big merchandisers. Right. And I was going to call you because I was in the Han for a ceiling fan. And I had, you know, my own little nightmare. But I let it go. Yesterday, it took the cake, though. I had a lot of time at this. I'm returning something to, uh, to Chamark. And I preferred Target. It's just easy to find stuff. Yeah. Can't art sucks. That's what I hear. Target sucks. Not so can't art so. Oh my God. Yeah. Sometimes Target doesn't have it. What I need. Okay. I got a came. Well, it's a return. Something six pieces. Six or seven people online. The woman in front of the first customer is doing something. Some exchange were the bicycle. Take 10, 15 minutes. Only one lady handling the customer service cats. And I'm not the only angry person in the line. So a couple of other ladies thought of carrying on about how slow was. Came to the clue that I can open my mouth even wider than it already was. And as for manager, here's the conversation deal. Excuse me manager, whatever it was. You got two registers over here. You got all these people online. Why don't you get somebody else to help out in customer service? I was, well, only one register is for returns. What the hell is the other register for? The other register is for purchases. We got 10 checkout counters all the day. And there would only, you know, if somebody was a base of the government, then check out the right. Now the problem is we're supposed to be coming rest of the manufacturing society and more of an or of a service economy. My only question. Where is the service? If you want service and you go into KMR, I can guarantee you're going to be real disappointed every time. I want to let you get up and up the store. The thing about target. And I'll be a little bit politically correct even though I know you don't care. And then you can look at it and say whatever you want. Why was it? I don't know if target is considered the higher end of the three big, the big three merchandising stores. KMR, Walmart Target. Why is our higher percentage of, let's say, people of the Caucasian persuasion? Is it, the addresses my observation? I'm sorry. I'm percentage of white people shall have been target? No, work there. I got a little bit of service to be honest. Yeah. I don't know. That's my observation. I have a lot of black friends on the musician. This is just my observation. These people roam around. Yeah. Do nothing. Right. Well, I would be like my asking how come, like in my public, there's like a higher percentage of Caucasian working in there. As opposed to when I go into a win-dixie over in Barard Boulevard, where there are no white people working in there. And where they're standing around with the checkout counter talking about who they're going to date that night and pay you absolutely no attention whatsoever. Well, it's just sad. It's just sad. I wish it was different. And you know. He's a great to listen. But on educated black people have to work somewhere. You know what I'm saying? But I ordered, I ordered Kentucky five the other night. Yeah. Very nice black role. Was it the word we grew up? No, I said, I have a nice tip. Here's somebody trying. And we're trying. Doing something. Right. Yeah. As opposed to just sitting around and doing nothing. We've got means one. People are working in black people are working in Kmart. I'm sitting around and doing nothing. They're sitting there being whatever they are, which is dumb. If they're dumb, which isn't the same thing that all black people are working Kmart are dumb. But the ones that I've encountered are dumb. But there's also a trailer trash type people that work there who are white as the a follow-in snow. And they're dumb. I mean, when you come right down with what kind of a person is going to be a cashier at Kmart? Like a road scholar. Somebody with a degree. Somebody with a bachelor's degree is going to be a checkout person that Kmart. Oh, you think? And that's the problem. But I know when you're a retail customer and you're spending your money. Even if they're not going to give you services for us, help you find something. At least when you go to checkout and give them your money to pay for it. To give them your cash, your credit card, something that they're going to be able to do it. That mistake. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Talking about Kmart, I was there this week in buying just a couple of course the water, something for my truck. I had to think to this young lady that I was given her change besides a 20-dollar bill. And would pack a change to give me back. I just tell you the quality of personality we have working on a local Kmart store. Exactly. Which is why most cash register now, they show you, you know, you punch in whatever kind of bill the person gave you. And it shows you the change because I was saying, you can't make change. They can't even feel the change. I don't know if you can make it. She couldn't figure that one out of you. Right. Anyway, I think you had this problem a couple of years ago. What did you do to get rid of these fricking, jahobo witness people? And some day morning at 8.30 in the morning ringing my belt. Now, sir, it's the second time they come back. Next time they come back, I want to come out, start making and stand this door. They might like it. That's the purpose. Listen, you went both ways. Listen, before I got to go, before I leave, check your wires. If it just hot off the presses, another one of the NFL's Falcoons on their arrest. Yes, somebody called me that before. Tony Martin. More prostitutes. No, money laundering and drugs. Tony Martin. Tony Martin. Tony Martin. Check it out. Red record this afternoon. Is it right? And I was with the Falcoons. I thought he was playing for San Diego. No, he's playing this year for the Falcoons. I don't know that. He was here last week at the Super Bowl. Oh my God. Thanks for the good news. Alright. Okay. We'll check that out on our sports wire because we're on top of everything. Are we on this station if there's anything going on in the world? No. No. Open on a date one and browse. The cheapest bastards in the history of mankind. Do we have a news wire? No. We have a sports wire that's got anything correct. Somebody might want to know. No. Don't get started on that again. By the way, you know, I'm feeling so good today. Not only am I getting rid of this crap, but also haven't seen our good friend Ben down yet today. Thank God. He's probably going up and down the shaft still. Here's the bonus springs, hello. What is it? Hello. Bonita springs. Hello. Yes. Oh, yes. Neil, what's happening? I do. Good. Hey, you've been talking a lot about all these big merchandise stores targets and came or something. Game or deal. Just want to do a, let you know about a website they got on the internet. It's www.countdown9999. It's a revenue sharing consumer site where consumers can purchase. It's at 10 or 99. Work consumers do one? The purchase. Consumables. Yeah. And with all this Y2K junk that's going on and stuff you're talking about. We're talking about people are going to be trying to make a lot of money on this. This is a place to be. And stuff where about Y2K junk. Because, um, in my eyes, what I'm seeing here and what's going on with the internet is huge. Yeah. So. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in date. 567 is huge. Okay. Do we care that too? Oh. Oh. Maybe somebody does 567560. Pomp 560 on a mobile online. He said it's really, really big. Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello. Yes. In my car school New York College this year I basically go through singing right now. And that's not a lot,iy yoddop this week. Yeah. They're going to be around 11 different kinds of question. Because of the huge issues, you can do you know Me, you know. 1 traveling I log measured two categories of Friday. Why not just take a bus, click. You see it. This was been campaign for uh, thatmetal. No, yeah. The signaling we're talking about is you some of our those column all that they're talking about, not. I work in the service industry and a restaurant and in Pembroke Pines. So you got to understand we get all the village people and what not all the yeah exactly. And when you get those people coming in for a lobster dinner at 430 and what not, I mean they're so annoying that even if you get cool customers that come in and want to be nice people, you still act like an ass because of those people that came in early. I understand when those old people that are so bitter about their lives that they have to make everybody else's life. They come in the cameo aren't they? You know they whine in and listen that and those people just get sick of it. No, I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about, certainly people. I'm not talking about people that are, you know, got a short temper. I'm talking about people that are just unbelievably slow and dumb. Well, I mean, there's a low end dumb. You got to think about what they're working for and it's not really even worth it. Yeah. It's not worth, you know, if I'm working in a cameo. You know something, if they're working for such pathetic wages, how come there's never any checkouts open? You know, the cameard over by me by the salt ranch there by public said that came art if there's ever more than two checkouts open. It's a, they have a place for all party. It's a miracle. Well, that's the, that's the manager of the store saving money. Yeah. If there's if there's X amount of customers, he only has to open up to it. But did it ever dawn on the masses? There's a Walmart across the street that's doing an ask kick in business. Did it ever dawn on him that maybe one of the reasons that a lot of us don't go back there is because you can never check anything out? Well, maybe that's true, but, but that doesn't matter to him because all he's doing is just running his store and collecting his paycheck. Yeah. And well, most matter to somebody somebody somewhere in a corporation because that's there is usually empty. You could run bowling balls up and down the aisles and there's nobody in there. And part of the reason being that you can't get any service. You can't get out of that joint. If you go, but if you, if you say that the corporation people are making the decisions, they're not there and they're often, in fact, now I'm going to tell you something. There used to be a chain. It was associated with words called Jeffersons. Do you remember Jeffersy department stores here? Uh-huh. And I remember years ago screaming about the same thing. And Jeffersons said, you know, more upscale merchandise than Kmart. They were looking at, you know, one or two rungs on the latter above, Kmart. They had these to merchandise, but it was the same thing. You could never get out of there. They didn't even have 30 checkout hours and maybe one of them was open. Maybe one or two of you were lucky. That's the way that's the way that's the way that's going. Long gone. Instead of opening up 10-click up out of business. Is it a opening up tech, uh, 10 checking counters where you can just zip people through. They want to buy their products. They're going to save money. And only pay two people to run your register. Well, they haven't only didn't say that seven up money. Have a great day, sir. They haven't only didn't the point I'm trying to make, which I'm not so sure he understand is that they chased all the customers out. I can think of more than one time that I was in a Jefferson store. One by me, wherever now I was living at the time. And, uh, you know, had a basket full of stuff. And I just finally walked on this gust. Instead of myself, there's nothing I'm going to get here that I can't buy someplace else. I'm not going to stay here for 45 minutes. While there's one person with 30 people lined up in front of me. And, of course, every transaction just like it came out. Every transaction, they got to pull a little button off the thing. They got to punch you around with this. They got, oh my God. Not like going to the supermarket with the UPC thing we were talking about before, but they right through it, they scanned it in two seconds. Not like that. Every transaction, they got a dittal around and they kind of like sit there off the side of the chair and they're like, uh, forget it. And you're about number 18 online and you got 17 old glam standing in front of you, who are buying next year's Christmas decorations because it's 95% off. And none of them have the right price marked on them anyway. Great business, baby. That's the American fucking way. Right, which is why there's no more Jefferson and some of these other chains are going to go right into the, uh, just a matter of time. It's still one of the two hours. Why Tuesdays? We go down. We're not the future to our time. Why Tuesdays? We go down. Everybody join our time. People will panic with murder and panic. It's a party that is a magazine. It's a public book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. It's a book. The book. It's a book. It's a book. There's a book. I know this. It was the most boring business stuff that was possible video for the audience. I was a happyendes for that music, a interactive film and it's real ag timing. It's made very much easier to fragment pound- corri aren't required. understand. Just put it back on the log. Don't worry about that. That a boy Ray. Here's scrolls spring. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. I got a couple of things on my mind. Why two K first? You know, I read a thing in the business section yesterday said that this is that that machines are going to be more popular now. There's going to be a run on them. The zip that machine is a credit card in printer. You know, the manual for the youth you're computer goes down, your terminal goes down, you stick the card in and you imprint the slip manually and then you call for an authorization. Yeah. So that's they think a lot of merchants are going to be going into small ordering those smaller merchants. Well, yeah, exactly. But again, that at least my point. It seems to me to a lot of the smaller merchants like the modern pop grocery stores and all me, you know, windfall from all this stuff. It's been factored and ever materialized with course that's the question. Will it ever materialized? And like you said, oh, the big change is going to actually let this happen. I don't know how old you are, but I can remember back in the days before we had all this computer crap and you take your credit card into a place. And if it was like, you know, a couple of dollar purchase, like in Jordan Marsh, which is that don't exist during more either. But you go in there, you give them the credit card. And they would do the imprint like you're talking about. And then they would actually call to get approval to check your credit balance. You know, see if you had credit or not and with Visa, Master Grats, that's what it always used to be. I'm all remember when there was no credit card. And remember when you used to have the book, the booklets with all the numbers of the canceled card. Or the bad card. Right. Sure. And you know something somehow, we still survive. Somehow people still did business. We're still kicking. Right. The other thing is, did you know that there's a new George Carlin special on HBO? No. Started this weekend. And you have got to see it because he addresses all the major points of things you've been talking about. It's just one example. This you go girl, phrase. Yeah. Got to go. That's his quote. He talks about God's plan. God's will and his divine plan. And the irony about praying to God. And I mean, you get a big kick out of it. So, okay. You might want to look for it. The other thing I want to talk about is the thing about the millennium itself. You know, the Y2K. I mean, I happen to be channel surfing the other morning. And I happen to cross I think see stand. It was the prayer breakfast that they had in Washington. And the president was there. Yeah. When I turned it on, you'll never get to God up and set a prayer. Dr. Lorsh, let's endure. Oh, I see. We should pray and they got our naked pictures out the internet. I bet that's what that was about it. You got it. And I just want to say that the most reprehensible person I've ever seen on television at any time is Lindsey Graham from South Carolina. Yes. Yes. He in fact, he's one step away from entry. You know, I'm sorry that I ever grew up in South Carolina. Yeah. I'm famed. Okay, pal. It'll be over soon. You're right. See. We have an open line in Broward 560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. They're all the same. Assel Hutchinson. And then his brother, the senator, the other Hutchinson, the other asshole. Also, anyway, Boca Brian says we had to play cut number 26 on here without. Huh? Let's try it. Let's see. Let's see how far we can get. Oh, I guess that's a story. Oh, okay. We would write along. Sing it a song. Here's Haley. Hello. Yes, sir. The public who bought it from Haley. See. You see. The reason though. The reason most kids from those people in Haley or South Florida as a matter of like the majority, not them, of course. Is we have, first of all, we have this bridge against the Kennedy family. Yeah. Talk about holding a grudge. And so, kind of a, some of the place, I mean, who would you rather do if you were still a Jackie Kennedy or early on a gross latemen? Oh, my gosh. Yeah. A bit of truth. In fact, even now, there are some of it still pick Jackie. Jackie, I have a book. Neither one. The main point where you find the role of, in my opinion, a lot of who do support the Republican Party is on the role of the social issues and like in many circumstances. And I can totally get to work. I don't believe it should exist in the, yeah. Well, look at how many people they knocked off the welfare roles were Clinton in their last time I checked he was the Republican. Right exactly. And the number, I thought I think the Democrats have, yeah. You've got every major war has been issued in by the Democratic Party. President? Yeah. So I'd like to like the Civil War. In fact, wasn't like in the first Republican president and wasn't he presiding over the Civil War. Let's check. Right. I've said I've been teaching him after where it is. I said. Yeah. Exactly. All right. Um. Uh, just heard a mention about him. Have a good day. And I was to hear you'll be this. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 560560 and Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Everybody's whipped up today about the, whatever the hell that thing is. I just can't get this right today. You know, I'm just an uncordinated. That was a great lunch though. By the way, I think that's what I'm still thinking about. Is the next one on Wednesday? God was that good. In fact, if you want to get something really great. Go over to the sub center across the street from on 441 and I was there in Telshock. I want the same chef salad like George and Ealhand combo. Is that what he calls it? Combo chef salad. Oh, that could. Hmm. I mean, I haven't had meat in my mouth like that since I'd say last weekend. Eight minutes after one at five 60 W to QMH. Do I want a lot of light pop little boy? Tonight on A&E, my opposite. So lose black history much. Hello, I'm Jack Perkins. Join me while I look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today. And to all of it, I'm simply slapping white. Eddie Anderson. Moscow Lee Broward. Chelsea Brown. Flotting Island Rippin. Eugene Robinson. Tim Moore. Lowfly. Shirley Hamdall. Not that codename. Blanche, Milton Jacobs. Melbourne, or? Melbourne, or? Melbourne, or? Low on the page. Sam Bow. Jackie Mollfruck. Marina. Buckwheat. Stefan Fagget. Erkel. Ernest Feene. Wait. God free Cambridge. Look me and mail. Why the fly McQueen. Johnny Brown. Nate Markham. Willie Tyler. Dan Lester. Paul this one. On TV. Why? Tokay. Okay. It's one 13. That is our production guy. Sam 2K. That's the deal. He is a big problem. We have an open line today. One in Broward. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. The hang Goldberg Show is the Chula State 2 live today. 2 to 6. Blue Shambi is live in November, maybe between 6 and 7. And then we got the Goldi on a pregame show. The Panthers at the St. Louis Blues 7.39. No, what's his name? Did I buy the way? What's his name? No, Pablo. What's his name? You're dumb. You're really dumb. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I have a, to my fight. I've discovered a whole new Malone Mania. I, uh, was looking at the crib of my, I was looking at the crib of my hemorrhate cream and expires January 0 0. I'm really worried about the condition of my. Brackham. Thank you. And I don't know what to do about it. I'm going to have to get. When it comes to the fountain, I told you the name of number of a guy will also give you some great magnets for your shoes by the way. Oh yeah, a great asshole doctor. We have an open line at Broward 2 in date. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, a couple of colors ago, the one guy was talking about how those people working in Kmart and Wal Marks or wherever are working for such minimum wages and you can't expect them to work any faster. I don't know about you, but when I was working for minimum wage, when I was first starting out in my life at, you know, 14, 15 years old, I worked harder and worked faster to try to move up. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. That's a little bit of an additional condition. In addition to which there's something I know it's become as a revolutionary concept. But when you go into a retail establishment, you don't care what the people are making. They thought it's not blowing. Nobody held a gun at their head and said you got to take this job. So when I go in there, you have very right to expect decent service and not somebody sitting there like you're intruding on their, you know, nap time. And the worst thing is you go in there and you hear them saying, don't talk to the other cashier next to them and they're sitting there and say, oh, I'm tired. I'm sick of this job or yeah. Yeah. We do this weekend. Always very good PR, yeah. You know, just, you know, quit and the customers don't want to hear that. You know, if you don't like it, quit, go collect them and take that. Exactly. That's, that's exactly what they want to do anyway, because they don't really want to be working. Right. They're sitting there, bitching about it. And leave. And you're going to tell you something. There's a wind-dixie store, which you only reason I ever shop there is because my mailbox is my private office. I'm going to tell you something. The people that work in that store, the cashier type people. I have never in my life anywhere encountered such indifferent, cavalier, bizarre people who all talk to each other trash about getting, and I'm talking about, they know you're listening to the conversation because they're talking about, I'm right now. They ignore that, they just, just slap the change in your hand without saying, thank you without saying up your ass and it's like you're just intruding about that. And if you're just intruding on their conversation, like why are you bothering them? They're not there to work. They're there to socialize. It's they can get paid to socialize with their friends because usually they're, you know, high school kids or just out of high school, they're socializing with their friends or socializing with, you know, co-workers. And they want to just get paid not being engaged. You're bothering them for them to do their job. Yeah. Well, that's why I almost never shop and enjoy like that. Yeah. But you're right about that Walmart and that came our knee. And for two stores right across the street to each other, you would think that the population would be split up amongst the two, but you go into that Kmart niche. It's it's ghost town. I can't figure it up. And I like I said before, you figured out very easily because anytime you go in there, if you got one or two items, wouldn't you think wouldn't you think that it should be mandatory? There would be like an express line in there like there isn't a supermarket. So if you got like the guy said before, you got a couple of cans of oil, motor, or whatever, you know, you don't want to stand online for 35 minutes to buy a couple of crappy cans of oil or whatever you got. Well, it's not always the cashier's either. It's the people that are in the line. You know, you could make out your check-ups up for the amount before you get to the cashier's. You know, you're writing it to Walmart or Kmart. You know, you have to sign it. You know what today's data. Yeah. That's not going to be a surprise. Yeah, but now you're talking about consideration. I mean, you get into your way. You know, they don't dig out their money out of their purse or, well, then they don't have money. But things are the same people that pull up to the exact change lane on the turnpike. And then on the start, something around with dollar bills and looking around to see who's going to come out and give in change. Well, it's not Florida. It's all here and good luck with it. Of course. We have an open line in date one in Broward. 560, 750, 560, pound five 60. Let me say it again. If you work in retail, don't sit there with an attitude because guess what? Any of us with a brain, we're not going to come back. We do not become in back. And like I said before, when you go into a supermarket and you walk through those swinging doors and the first thing that hits you in the face of the smell of rotten fish. Oh, my gosh. When you hate fish to begin with like I do and you smell rotting seafood, you know what I'm talking about? Oh, god. And then you know, most of the stuff that you buy is in tightly sealed packages. Thank god. You know what I'm talking about? It really, it's tightly sealed. Permanently sealed packages as opposed to laying out loose that might like pick up some of the aroma and some of the ambiance from whatever is around in the ear that you're smelling. God, really appetizing. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Hey, Neil, you hate fish. What is it? Yes. I would have never guessed it. Hey, huh. Not into fish, bro. Yeah. I wouldn't get that one. I wanted to give you my, uh, I actually this place has the best service out of like any place in South Or I don't know how, I think this is the national channel, I'm not sure. But the only time is they only solve political and sports authority. Anytime you buy something from sports authority, it could be a 30 year old racket. If it cracked, you take the racket to them. They're looking at both. They say, okay, this is the last time we, we stole this. It was at this price. And we can give you a stroke. I mean, anything. They take that. They don't give you a hard time. They know that they're, I think, they're the way that they're thinking. I don't know. They're making money. They know that they can get these products from the company or at least, you know, yet some type of credit for the broken material. It's like an exchange. They do it as, I think they do it as a courtesy to the people, you know. But then I, uh, I go into sears and you're trying to buy like something like like Dave, you're trying to buy, you know, yeah, to get the watch machine. Oh, they'll, they'll, they'll give it to you quick, but so like actually when they put it in the truck, it's like, uh, edge bill makes him perfect. They're, like, they don't, they don't help you out. So, uh, that's all I got for you, you know. Okay. All right. And Tom, Tom, Chris, Mirantals, is whatever he said he's talking to. Oh, he's talking. We have an open line in the day. It's 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So, whatever happened with that guy in North Carolina has even saved yet. Huh? He's hanging out in Georgia's vacation home up in there North Carolina, but the wood. No. He's not saved yet. He's working on it. Open line in Dave County, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I can't, too. If you rush as ask a number three billion, because they can't get the nukes right. No. Yeah. Check our chances with it. Okay. Great. Okay. And then I think the white 2K got his phone. 10 months and 20, whatever days earlier, the white 2K got your phone found. You lose. Open line in Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See the important things, like nuclear weapon stuff like that. Yeah, we got to be a little bit concerned about those things. Don't you think? Yeah, that kind of stuff. But, Warren, about where you're going to get your next role of toilet paper. I mean, Jesus Christ. Do what the old fashioned way. Go out on the tree and get to the go out on the backyard and get yourself a good palm tree. Huh? In fact, maybe you get yourself a, um, an all-plant between now and the first of the year, huh? Because that all would be really soothing for your actome. Yeah. No, then you'd have an impetus to squeeze it real hard. And the plant, too. Brack doughnut. Oh, that'd be soothing or what? Here's a mobile in Miami, sure, as well. And yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen. Have you ever made it five-coons? Do you want this one? Yes, two, it's another one out there. Yeah, we already just had the word, Tony Martin. Yeah. Nice going, Tony. Oh, I want to, money laundering. Thanks for the good news. All right, nice going, Tony. How's Mark Duper doing by the way? Am I seeing him lately? No. Sobhumans come, baby. That's your professional athletes. Not all of them, just too guy damn many, too many to suit me. Too many to freak and suit me. Mike Tyson, back in jail again. I'm calling on that today. You know, something we ought to be having a major party about it. And we got a bunch of guys out there looking there wounds. Because, uh, what are we going to do now? We're not going to have another one of those paper view deals. Because not even if he doesn't go to jail again in Indiana, which he probably will. On top of the six months that he's going to serve here, which is a year this, he'll get out for good behavior in six months. Even if he doesn't go back to jail, their state is going to probably almost certainly loses license now. The box. Oh, wouldn't that be a shame? Poor baby. I mean, how many chances do you get Lawrence Taylor? How many chances do you get Mike Tyson? How much money do you have to make before we're supposed to stop feeling sorry for you anymore? Because you're a professional scum bag. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. You helped me out. I had a moment of clarity this weekend. Yes. And let me explain. I went for a wedding on Saturday. And I had a sitting church, looking out. And I was raised Jewish. And I've maybe done three churches. And I'm looking around the symbols. And I'm just curious. But once symbol brought, you know, made me have this moment of class. Who is they soared with two hatchets crossing it and chains connecting it. And I realized, well, you said this week, who invented God. Who is the people that needed this? The reason the rape pill was in kill. And then you invented Satan. The victims. You know, all your bad, you must be Satan. But you have to believe for where you die. Yeah. So I just had this moment of class called an offering you can't refuse. Right? So I realized that because all the symbols were like, I mean, I don't really believe in organized religion. I don't doubt it or anything. But I mean, what do you mean you don't doubt it? What does that mean? I believe that if I'm just kind, kind, kind person. And I tried to understand. So what does that happen was religion? Because I believe, like, you know, just being kind. Then why selectively believe that there's a, why do you have to believe in fairy tales to be a decent person? Why is that necessary? Exactly. I'm trying to. Not necessary, sir. The NH do no harm. That's it. Exactly. And that is the answer to the whole white to case. So in January, first 2000, we've just looked at each other and did each other a handshake. Maybe things go. Oh, oh. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it could be a decent person. Okay. Let's George has got some good pills. He's going to send you a good measure. You're addressed. Okay. He's got some good medication. Woo. Just remember folks. Okay. He's on the way. Sam 2K is on the way. By the way, they give way into crap on Friday, but at the sleeping. We're trying to. I don't think so. Oh, right. Let's hear it. Okay. See, that's the juvenile level at this business operates on his monkey business here. That they screwed up my whole show on Friday with the first hour of technical light mirror again. And so, well, let's try to do. Never will kill eight birds with one stone. Well, pretend we're trying to do something for Neil. Show even though we really don't want to do that. And we'll go out and we'll give away a bunch of useless crap that nobody wants. And maybe we'll meet some hot chicks out there over the pizza lot to get laid, which I don't think any of the above. Did any of them get done? No. Instead of fixing stuff and then, you know, presenting us with a professional operation here with which to work. That's too complicated for them. So let's do it on a really juvenile pathetic level, which is the only way they know how to operate. Because it all comes right from the top juvenile pathetic. But a real sports baby baby. They're the guru. That pretty soon, he'd be wearing those neighborhood jackets now that NBC is obsessed with a 60s mole crap. You know, something I hate to break the news to the people at the end of NBC, the 60s are gone. So horrendous. So embarrassing. It's like that big chill crap, you know. Always trying to go back and, you know, even the 50s are gone. Even Ozzie and Harry, they feel it's too good right now. And we're not doing too good either. And David, boy, you seen him lately. Wow. You believe in God. Take a look at David Nelson. Take a look at either of those people that used to be young when we watched him on TV and what they looked like now. I could only imagine what West Morgan looks like from life of Riley. Huh? You don't even know what that's show, do you? Life of Riley? Will you invent a dick? Will you invent a journal? Will you invent a journal? Will you invent a journal? And West Morgan is Junior? That's the Harley Junior. I'm here to hold you. I can't believe what I'm doing. I can't believe what I'm doing. Do tables move your cinnamon and two of the egg whites. I have a stick of butter. Oh, it's good. Stick it all in a bow baby. Huh? Stir with a wooden spoon. Mix in a couple flour. You'll be in a instant. You've seen my balls that big and salty and brown. I don't even have any to quit. Pick me up. Just stick my balls in your mouth. Oh, fuck up my chocolate. Stick some that ball. Okay. Stick it on your mouth. I'll tell you my chocolate balls. They're fine for a little bit of lunch. And good for you. Just don't fucking my balls. What a couple of unsweetened chocolate. I have a cup of bread here. Just don't worry about the two of you. Just don't worry about the two of you. And just as fast as I can remember. We that appreciate. Come on today when my balls get. Pestaries just being sick. I'm giving up on a link. They're not better advocacy and my balls habigate something brown. If you ever need a face, pick me up, just pick my arms in the mouth. So tell my shots, please tell my balls. Put them in your mouth and suck them. So tell my shots, please tell my balls. You're a pack for a little goodness. I invite a couple of balls. It works for the lotion in the basket. Hey, wait a minute. What's that smell? Smells like something, right? Well, that's not the point, but I'm not going to get my hair done. Have you ever get back in the kitchen? Because I got a sneak in suspicion. Oh, man, baby? Baby! You just burn my bow! Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Ooh, suck on my shot. It's all good, well. When I'm in my desk, I'm still fine, baby. Look at all my shots. It's all good, well. Good ball, baby. Blow it, baby. Ooh, suck on my bow! I say, man, let's go back by all the years. Go, come on, man. I say, suck on my bow! Come on, let's go. Well, come on, come on, come on. What's 34 or 5 seconds, you're WCM. Bracetary quest to let yourself with Y2K computer fixes. The rusher needs to shut up already. Up to $3 billion, exactly, year 2000 computer goods. Six times you've reached the last minute. It's top official announcement today. Is the appeal to the US and NATO to help fix computers that control rushes, nuclear weapons? Oh, my, it's month, US deputy defense secretary John Hammer acknowledged some nervousness in Washington about the potential computer problems in Russia. So now they get the $3 billion, just forget about that Manatee project, okay? Just take the $3 billion from that. And what? Seriously, all these guy-damn animal hunters and $3, hunters out there. Like, you know, little kids, human beings get shot, get murdered, all kinds of stuff goes on. Two seconds on the news, if that. But these stories about did you see about the sperm whale and the one whale was sick and was dying and the other whale died already? Goes on forever. All these big, longs. You know, something will send them flowers, okay? That's what you were going to say. Yeah, that was what I was going to say. That I could say. Effort. That's what I was going to say. What a goddamn whale. I'm so sick and tired of these assholes in the, on these TV stations that determine what's on the news. This is a news story that we got a six sperm whale. And we got all these volunteers that are in his big pool and 24 hours a day. They're, they're moogs to keep it moving. They're taking turns in the pool, slumping it around. And then, of course, there'll be a bulletin on there and probably on channel 7. They'll be hyperventilately. It died. It died. It died. But, you know, some kid that got shot in the crossburg is we live in a goddamn military zone. The water house. And in the house found, and maybe three seconds we get that on there. Because we're concerned about the whales and the manatees and about the, you know, the big old trees, all that other stuff. And who was on their knees at the White House? That's all we're concerned about. You know, they're doing their closing arguments by the way, thank God. You know, Chris died from Connecticut at a great line and noon. They hit him on CNN and then, and they're asking these idiotic questions. Because how many times can these idiots get up there and repeat the same thing over and over and over again. And I said, well, you know, what, what do you expecting? What would you like to hear during these closing arguments these next three days? And Chris Dodd said, we yield back the balance of our time. That's what I'd like to hear from both sides. And get this crap over with that guy that got arrested. Remember I mentioned that last week got arrested for shouting out in the gallery. For God's sake, take the final vote and get this over with the arrested guy. Instead of they shouldn't give them the congressional medal of honor. I'm speaking for 250 million people with a brain in this country. Oh, nice going sir. God bless you. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Can you tell me the name of that drug that you were talking about before with all the side effects? Adelaide. Well, but if you look at any of the PDRs, you'll find that almost every prescription drug is got a whole bunch of them. But Adelaide's got the 20 million of them. Is that the generic or that's just the right one of the brand names? Pro-Cardin is the name. Pro-Cardin. All right. That's all I need in the know. Okay. Thanks. When it's out to keep it out of your body. Well, I mean, and if you got to take it, you got to take it. I took it for two years. They were heading problems. And then all of a sudden it was like, oh, Are you one of those things? And then some like, uh, We name it. We have an open line in the date 560560 and pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line 22 till 2. A QAM. For fuel and the coal. Fight me. I want to know if my ties will fight me. I hope you like me. You know who wants me? I'll be there if you invite me. For 30 million, I'll be a sport. I'll then weigh over. You know who wants more. And ties will invite me. Like any more good sport. The box is full of hot air. Speaking of animal lovers, by the way, Better get a lot of your doggy food before the Y2K huh? Better get lots and lots and lots. A lot of bag holes, canf holes, sack holes, whatever can you be feeding? And you people at feed like, you know, some people do like the rice and lamb thing and they use like real meat, you know, chicken and rice, whatever. You better be chopping up lots and lots of chickens. In fact, just take a little late at night when nobody's watching. Just drive through like little of an a little, uh, a Haiti and pick up all those dead chickens on along there man. Just chop that those babies up. You better have like 50,000 pounds of that stuff. Cause after January 1, we're all going to be going hungry. We're going to be doing the, uh, Scott can's die with you want to or not. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I was wanting to comment on that guy about the retail business. Yeah. I want to explain something here. Go ahead. I worked for K-mark for about two years. Yeah. And believe me, I can say that I was wanted to best because I helped all my customers. But I'll tell you one thing. It's not always the associates fall. Of course, I do agree. The way or associates, yeah. Yeah. You know, the other little peon. Anyway, the thing is, is that somebody associates tend to get the, Yeah, the associates. Yeah, associates. What about that? Or that's usually a time for salesperson. Or I think, yeah, you know, It's actually just a sales hall. Well, that's not a time. Correct. That's so cool enough. No, but I would tell you what the thing is. One thing they probably don't mention about sort of the, a national retail outlet such as K-mark. Yeah. You said the thing is that there is like an attitude with, from some companies that don't pick one cent K-mark. And whenever they got like a new idea on how to sell things. Yeah. Or how they want to do a new operation. Yeah. They'll usually take that K-mark. And they will play pilly winks with it for all its work. In other words, it's like one day you could be expecting to do, like say, you would be paying, you would have like all your lines open. Like if you wanted to go to checkout, you would have all your lines open. You would even have an express line. And then there are just some days in which they decide, well, we're only going to have one, two or three. And basically, well, K-sure. K-sure. Yeah, I got it. Yeah. Anyway. I'm not in your office, so I'm not like, I'm not going to have to reach over the platform. I'm going to put it in the platform. All right. What is the point of this? The point of the platform. The point of the platform. The point of it is that basically you can't blame the associates. Okay, I have a great day. If you would have said, I was going to say, if you said associate one more time, I was going to hang up two light. Two light. What he's trying to say is that the people who are working came aren't like white people and right on top of stuff. And that is what he's trying to say. Maybe he was, maybe, but I have my doubts. Okay, we have two of the fact that he reminded me kind of the thing that they heard upstairs, you know, probably can. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, out, 0, 5, 60 and pound five, 60. On the 18th, T. wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Hey, I guess Peter will and he must be ecstatic because he's in the myor leaves. You don't have to deal with Tony twist tonight. Yeah. Well, I just another thing in the Canadians. They have four legitimate all stars and they can't score any goals. Is there net like, okay, great. Well, it's good. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 2 and date, five, six, seven, five, six, and pound five, six, on the 18th, T. wireless line. You're a little bit too early, sir. Okay. You want to call up a sports show that will be after two o'clock. When the middle of the, the middle of solving the most important problem and history of the human goddamn race, the two K problem. This guy's talking to China about Peter Warwell. Okay. Like I said about the so-called hockey fans in his town, you can't complain about him because basically they don't exist. We'll break you exceptions. Peter Warwell, he's a hockey player like my little miniature Pincher is going to solve the Y2K problem. In fact, there's a better chance of that happening. Here's open park. Hello. Hey, how you Neil? Yes, sir. I got the three, four things for you. Go ahead. What ever happened to McCry? Whatever happened to Woolworth? What ever happened to there? So that's the bill of square? What happened to the computer city? I mean, the computer city is out of business? Oh, yep. I don't think so. Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. They are. They're out of business. And by the way, why did the bank go off? So, what is that? A rhetorical question or one? No, I'm, I'm just saying, these people, these people didn't get service. And there was another one, a public one down in court and you went with the store of the service, regular clothing store. You went in there and the court said, oh, Rand, like you turned white, white, so when the cockroaches and the cockroaches ran. And the final thing is, the final thing is, why didn't banks have ten white interviews? Ten or 12, a teller things and there's only two people attending. Yeah, for the same reason that you go into Kmart and there's 30 check online that there's only like one or two people attending them. Because it makes it a big psychological, it gives you the idea that they really want to give you the service. It's just that they don't because they've cost them some real money. I grew up on a farm and we used to have somebody's serviceable. The bull come around for service. Yeah. And I know what that means. And, well, no, we used to have cows up there and somebody bring a bull around to service the bull. Right. I understand, okay, we'll send back up straight. Okay, people are starting to talk. We have an open line at Grower 2 in date, five, six, seven, five, six, eight, and pound by. He's saying service with a smile. That's right. He must have our program director bend down. Got a big smile on his post. Wow. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank you. Yes, sir. You want to talk about service? Let me tell you, I'm in the line to get my driver's license renewed. And the top, I only felt the same thing. I should have definitely made an appointment. That was my mistake. Yeah. But the fact that they only let us certain amount of numbers in for people. They give them a number. The rest of the people have to hand off item the sun. Now, I just think that's ridiculous. And that's a mention. These people will be the friendliest people in the world that we're here. Yeah. Okay. Good luck to you. Whatever he just said. Okay. We have an open line at day one at Broward. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. How do we get to this thing with service? How do we get to that? Where do we go from the Y2K problem in the standing on long lines of game art? I don't get it. Why two K-mart? A2Bruit Tay? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Hey. Just a quick question about how to do this atkinson? Yeah. I'm up to my ears and meet. I'm so sick of me. I wish I had to answer for this. I wish I knew. Hey. That's why I can't do it. I just can't do it. I guess you may be one or two days. That's it for me. I mean, not. Cerminal. Is there anything? Do you have any information that has chromium for colonators? That worth taking? I mean, does it help you in any way? No. Everything I read about it is negative. As far as I have it, as far as what? As far as side effect, as far as it may not be all I could for you. You know, they've got more of these damn things now. And it's become another one of these industries, not a cottage industry, but like a major industry. It's peddling people. All these soft, a milked vessel and soft palm middle. Great seed extract and all the other bull crab. And then something who needs it. What about some easy? Yes. You've got a whole effect. I was like, I bought that book some weeks ago. And I got it out yesterday. And the book two hours was looking at it. And I thought, well, I've read the same old crab. I'm going to coax you 10 grape seed extract. I mean, by the time you're seriously by the time. This is a good way to go on a diet because by the time you get through taking all these pills, the day is over. It's time to go to bed again. You don't have time to eat any food. He's got investment in this, I'm sure. I'm no question about it. He's peddling all the supplements. You've got it. All right. Thanks a lot. I have a great day, sir. We have two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why don't you sign if we can just hang on until the year is over. We're going to be on an instant and forced diet starting January 1. Because if more people like that crazy bitch and high enthitation keep buying up all the groceries, there will be nothing left in anywhere anyhow. So you're going to be on a enforced ourvation diet. Here's a mobile in Cape Coral, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I want to be your advertisers and Fort Myers. A question for you in a while today. Yes, sir. You will honestly believe that the government would allow a problem to exist with our defense systems and all that. No. Yeah, I mean, what's the prior people so crazy about it? Because they're stupid because somebody whispers them, you know, somebody puts it in the tabloid. And then somebody reprinted like in a regular newspaper and right away people start getting hysterical. And then all these crazy church people start having all these meetings like yesterday and the whip and mull off into a frenzy. That's where they try to close out my story through the church people. What can I do? Really? Yeah, the direction. All right, I appreciate it. Good luck, pal. How do you like that? Those good church people try to put this for a method out of business because they're such good religious folks. Ah, and so does somebody tells you they're a good religious person. Rhyme like a son of a bitch. That's my best advice to you, okay?