Sports Radio 560 WPQAM Miami for Waterdale presents the Neil Roger Coral. We talked to Neil called 560-560 toll free for David Rower or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers or anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of WPQAM The Neil Roger's on Sports Radio 560-850. I'm dying out of the hair. Oh, you're back tonight on on PC. It's physical illnesses are funny. Everyone knows it's simple like the last. But it's just so darn hard not to, especially with people like Lockjaw's Alice. She's what the hell was she doing last night? I don't know, but find the guy sporting the biggest smile that you can tell us. I heard that. And so can resist chocolate and crap back fall. What a hell of you to that! Anyway, Paul. Yeah, Mr. Hipbag full of poo. How the old telophony bag hang in these days anyway. Oh, you guys suck. Physical illnesses are funny or at least we think so. Tonight on on PC. Okay, let's do all requested, eh huh? No, seriously, I came back a day too soon last Thursday and I was out again Friday. And I come back too soon today. But you know why I came back? Because I got a little head cold. And that's all I got. Not like I'm sick. Not like I'm dying over here. I just have a little head cold, but it's settled in my throat. And I can't talk. And I'm not one of those people who likes to, you know, all the way. Actually, when you come right down to what coming in today. And maybe I like really scrub my throat again like I did last Thursday. And that's a Tuesday Wednesday. I could probably like be out for about a week and a half of the Memorial Day holiday. Sounds good to me. So I noticed, uh, George, I listened to some of George's show on Friday. George sounded very, very good. Sounded excellent. In fact, you notice he practiced makes perfect. He sounds like he made it belong to me and I'm not. Don't get too carried away. And the only reason he did it was because Robert Greeper was running a board on the Friday for George. And Robert of course is a confused little Jew. And so, I'll see if a little bit of Joe Costello George would have talked about feet for four hours. But because it was Robert he talked about Jews for four hours. I mean, I didn't hear the whole four hours. But it was George baits the Jews and did a great job. By the way, we had old Jews who pretend they don't listen to the show. I know you're listening right now. You out the cockers. I know you're listening right now. Cucks are hoist. The whole bunchy. Okay. Get old Jews calling him. That was great. Because he talked bad about Israel. And they should give the land back. And last time in 60 minutes they had a thing with a goddamn syndicate Indians up in the central New York. All they want is about 250,000 acres back. And that's 200 years ago. And I could told George before the show started this morning. Said if if they would play their cards right if the Israelis would let the Palestinians have gambling. Then we could straighten the whole goddamn thing out. That's right. School that God didn't strip a desert. It, in fact, takes the strip a desert. The quality is really stripped and open because he knows on it. I'm damn it. And let the Palestinians have their share. You know, like the Corioni family, they had to let what's his name in from the West Coast. And then of course they didn't let Salat's a winner and they had all kinds of problems from that. Let the guy dead Palestinians in there. Or I can't talk a lick. I can lick but I can't talk. I'm not going to say anything. Speaking of Jews, by the way. So I'm just going to play a lot of stuff today. Thanks Tracy was a Tracy to God made the SCD for my millennium CD, the Backstreet Boys. Better late than never. It's got to the meal here today and it's great and they're kicking ass. They're like the single by the way is number one and almost every country in the world right now. Even though George was full of crap about that. But when it comes to crazy Jews, ultra-orthodox Jews, pelth others and wall. Do you see this? No, I did not. Jerusalem. Angry that men and women were praying together. Ultra-orthodox Jews, pelth and other Jews with plastic water bottles on Friday at the West and Wall. Judaism's holiest side. Four people arrested in the attack police spokesman Linda Menuann said she must be related to you. One woman was slightly injured after being struck in a head by a bottle. Manuann said the group attack were reformed Jews but reformed Jewish leader Rabbi Yuri Reggav. So they were conservative Jews. Conservatives, we're not available for comment on Friday. Ultra-orthodox Jews tell other Jews at the wall. Just like they killed the Yitzhok Rabin and just like they throw up bricks at each other in Brooklyn if they're not firm enough. If they're not wearing the right outfit, then I'd write dress on that day. We're talking crazy people. But just to show that it like, you know, even though way to hear this, this great bishop returns to ministry. This is the Bishop's Simon's from West Palm. Remember that's not that long ago. Oh yeah. Because let's face it. People fact in the church. He admitted abusing five boys 35 years ago. Why do you know the passage of time? He's Okina. See you all right now? J. Keith Simon's who last year resigned in this grace as Bishop of Palm Beach has returned to the ministry. Simon's who admitted sexually abusing five boys when it was a young priest 35 years ago. On Wednesday, let a day-long program of prayer and master a meditation at the same Francis retreat center in the Whitt Michigan. Simon's who had a program honoring the Virgin Mary at the request of Bishop Carl Mengala on Mengaling. Pretty close. Head of the Dicis of Lansing, Michigan, the Palm Beach Post reported in Friday's editions. Simon 66 resigned last June after nearly eight years is more than a leader of more than 220,000 Roman Catholics in the five county Dicis of Palm Beach. Church officials at the time said only that the disgrace Bishop was sent to an undisclosed treatment center. There we go another one of those undisclosed treatment centers. Now he's apparently near DuWitt a small town just outside Lansing, Michigan's capital. He checks in every once in a while said Richard Savage, Business Manager at the Spiritual Center, Business Manager. He's not affiliated with a center. Our Bishop asked him to fill in on a myriad day of prayer. What is that? A myriad day? A myriad day? A myriad day? A myriad day? What is that? You don't know? Never met her. Good Catholic like you, doesn't know myriad? I had an ant name myriad by the way she was a glut, and she's dead. Mengaling was out of town, his chancellor did not return calls and she was very nice though. And Simon's did not respond to a request for an interview. Or some nice going. Bishop Anthony O'Connell, the current Bishop of Palm Beach said he didn't know that Simon's was acting as a retreat leader. I'd be happy for him if those who've been working with him judge that he's up to what O'Connell said he'd have a lot to offer. I can only wish him well and offer my support, but others disagree. Stephen Brady, president of the Roman Catholic faithful, a small conservative group based in Springfield, Illinois, alerted a Palm Beach member of the group after learning that Simon's blood, the Michigan retreat. Simon's is a human being, Brady said he deserves our forgiveness, but but that being said, to give me a position as a retreat leader as I think of this grace, it's an insult to the poor people he abused. So what do you think about that? It was 35 years ago. And that long enough? 35 years ago. He used to be with a few kids. And we're positive that he's not abusing, huh? How we positive he's not abusing anymore kids now? No, how we absolutely 100% oh positively sure? No, we all know sex criminals get better, right? We all know that pedophiles go to jail unless of course they happen to be in the church. Why is that? Why is that? Why is that if there's a child molester out there? Number one, they go to jail and number two, they're listed as a sex offender, and no matter where they move, everybody puts a big billboards and flashing signs and neon lights and like arrows. Here's a sexo. Here's a perver right here. A pedophile, a child molester, your kids aren't safe with this asshole in the hood. But if it's some freak from the church, it's harsh, it's a good for me. I could make the announcement because I can't speak real loud. There's a pedophile in him, it's a priest. Yeah, I can't like whisper it. But don't start up again because they can real upset about that stuff. Don't start up for these goham. Nine minutes after 10 at five, 60, WQAM. Why do you just try to get even for Friday when George was picking on a juice? Of course the fact that they're all crazy. You know what I'm not, I'm not going to make it today. I'm talking, what did I come in here for? Am I out of my mind or what? Like I'm going to talk? I feel fine. Not great, but okay. I'll wait till I tell you about Sam Dukai by the way, and who he's good buddies with. Is that embarrassing or what? God. He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad. What? He's been through the keyhole. I'm not following up from him. Mom and dad were playing cards right there on the bed. Rommies, star boobies, at the fellow board daddy's head. Mommy's head was popping. She almost got whipped rash. I don't know what she's doing. Drink about your God, I'm not must-sash. He's been through the keyhole. And show what I see. I have a short dude like him on a page behind TV. Mommy and dad were hooked together. Like night-winking lawn. What's night-wings worth something like that? Mom went to yell at the door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom went on her knees. He went to the paddup, boobie, because she took them well. He peed. He's been through the keyhole watching mom and dad. He's been through the keyhole. The most mom we ever had. When we watched those little wongers, they're not started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for a gift. Daddy's grown in his body, boobie, Mommy, will I be more? She's my back on top of them, but all he did was snore. Beep in through the keyhole. How's your minute pad? I can't wait to drive his dad on the door in my class. But I can't wait to drive his dad on the door in my class. That's the 50, that's 50, that's 50, that's 50, that's 50, WQAM. So anybody's he's Star Wars? You know, seriously anybody that stood in line stood in line. To see this piece of crap, especially after hearing all of reviews of what a piece of garbage it was. Anybody that stood in line to see it? Even asshole. Exactly. And even George, and George was having a fistfight with Jocos Delven at this morning. a verbal just a psychotic screaming match. And then finally got so he did the George took his shoes and socks off and just like you know they held the wolf vain doctor on a professor on a healthy health and a wolf vain up in front of Dracula. George stuck his barefoot in front of Joe Costello's face and he opened the door ran out. Just ran out the door screaming. Speaking of Joe Costello I broke the bad news all I guess he already knew. He doesn't care that Jeff Gordon is a member of the God squad. He's a God fanatic doing PSA's on television for you know like Reggie White. He blames his wife. Blames his wife for one. Joe said it's all broken. Do you mean like, literally just completely like a action? Guys that all of a sudden get hooked on some broad. Oh, I shouldn't say that about Rick's wife. Get hooked on some a bitch. And then they all of a sudden see the light. Oh yeah, I saw the light and got it was good. Yeah, like Rick Riley he couldn't have given a flying crap less about any of that than all of a sudden he met his cheerleading wife and he became a religious nut. Found Jesus on his front lawn with Boko Brian. And then it was buddy blood packs and found God in some strip show somewhere. That's why it works and Jeff Gordon all of a sudden I mean he was just an ordinary redneck you know drive it in his race car around around around and around. And he met this bitch and she turned him on to God. She turned him on to Lord. So are we going to get some calls today or not? Because if not I'm just going to play the rack. I know it's Monday. Who's that standing in the doorway? There would be a door partially open. I shouldn't hope it's not one of our sales holes. No, it's your best friend. Which one? Sam. Sam. Oh, a sand that consorts with Jordan night. You know something if it were if or were I. If it were yours truly, I would be embarrassed to admit that I even know Jordan night. Much less haven mentioned me in the credits and his album. See, I wondered why they brought this over here last week. Well, why would anybody in his right mind bring me the Jordan night album from the old Yitz on a block? I mean, this kid couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack. If you stuck a gun up his back, I'm good and sing pathetic and also looks bad. It's not all off. Look, burned out, washed out. He looks like Andrew Koonan and all of not as much as Sam. In fact, you ever seen a tree of them together? No, there you go. I worth my case. I would be surprised if he was Jordan night in that houseboat, not Andrew Koonan. But anyway, Jordan night, who was a member of New Kids on a block, he comes out with an album now and one of the songs is a hit. I don't ask me how. It's a hit. So somebody looking very carefully on a liner notes inside the SCD. He thinks about 50,000 people are including God. He ought to be on his knees think and God that anybody would buy his crap. And he thinks Sam Duke for going beyond the duties of a friend and picking the single, what time is it? What does that mean? That's not the name of the single. It just says, what time is it? Must be a code. Yeah, must be, you know those guys, they speak in code. Those guys who linger around on South Beach together, like Sam and Jordan night and in Rikai, with his very small penis, although I do like in Rikai. I mean, at least in Rikai's got some talent, which is more than I could say for Jordan night. Jordan gave Sam a Rolex, apparently, for a present. He gave you a Rolex. Well, Sam, when I was one, didn't got two blow jobs in. By Jordan? Yeah. Oh, you don't need to look. He just looked at anyone's around out the door. He's just too embarrassed to do it. So what's the story with Jordan? Notice he also got a small penis. I just ran away. We do like in Rikai though, and Rikai's, he's okay, my boy. Rikai, he looks good. You know, I mean, he's not the greatest singer in the world. But at least he looks good. I sure think it's better than Rikai Martin. They had 8,000 screaming women. 8,000 screaming young women to see Rikai Martin over wherever the hell I was last week. I guess when I was out one day. This man couldn't, again, if you, if you stuck a goddamn submachine gun in his home, he couldn't sing the Save his life. And he's the hottest goddamn thing on a planet. Like I keep trying to tell you people out there, forget about talent. It's hype. Everything is hype. The whole world is about hype. If you, you could have 5,000 pounds of dog crap, and if you could package it right and get the right people to give the right hype to it, you could make millions. And that's a goddamn truth. Like Star Wars, how much did it take in? Didn't break your eyes. Do they at park? The record from the first weekend, which did 72.1, you know, everything now in terms of movies is measured in box office gross. Everything in the market, I was measured how much money did it bring in. That was it good. But how much how many suckers ran and spent their money to subsidize it? 61.8 million for the Star Wars Phantom Menace. It's a menace all right. It's a menace to society. And the fact that George Lucas is going to come out with two or three more of these pieces of crap is a real menace. But I guarantee there will be people of a calling today. You mark my words who will say they liked it. You want just like Joe Kai. You're right. They already called and did you get calls and I was ripping it. Yeah. And people said you're full of crap. Yeah. Which very often you are. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. I got two calls in here. I got learned, Jai-Tas. And this this this this asshole is gone. Thank you so much. Okay. For a hanging on you jack as you. I'm going to play the whole back speed boys out. And what I'm going to do I'm going to play the whole millennium for four hours. Just do the spots. That's all we care about is the spot. And we don't care that much about the spots. Because I noticed now that they're down on a second floor our sales holes while they're building a new well whatever they're doing. I don't know what's going on here. But they have totally abandoned us. I mean copy the accounts. Forget it. They're not interested. And guys like that the Todd Drec. He's more interested in having his boyfriend's called in the show and making comments about him than servicing his accounts. You can just smell that colleague at account going right down the crap or which is a shame. But this is this guy doesn't want to service the account. He's more interested in running around all. You know, like a loud mouth you stirring up crap. And have it his buddies call in. Oh, pick a Todd Drec. He in a Peter Leonard or great. Yeah. He thinks that's Peter Leonard that's making those calls. How do you know that? He said so. Oh, he actually spoke to you. He actually saw you. Are you kidding? I can't keep money here. Not in these never here when I'm here. Not that I'm looking to see him. But it would be nice to get some copy get that problem straightened out there before we blow that great account. And before we blow all that nice free water we got there outside in the hall. What in God's name am I doing here, you know, man. Don't feel that bad, but it's all in my throat. And the cold too. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Is there anybody there? Hello. Okay. Okay. Good. Welcome back. Yeah. Something that happened to me last week. I got to play. Yeah. Like we story. Come up with another story. Okay, Julio. Your buddies, your people, misfits. Put them back on the island. Okay. Use them as targets. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Naomi. I'm the one who's feeling a little better. I don't feel too bad. I just got, you know, semi throat. You sound a little bit cry. You listen. If I hear La Viga look a one more time. Oh, my, my, my, my, my kids mom bought my eight and 10 year old at the CD this week and they brought over to my house this week. I mean, your ex wife. Yeah, my ex wife. Congratulations. Yes. Thank you. If I didn't hear that song, 500 times this weekend, I didn't hear it once. And I'm ready to drop it accidentally. I mean, okay, he cannot sing. You know, I mean, he looks good. I'll grant him that for whatever he is. No. Yeah. Anyway. So listen. I got a little trickle this morning of my asshole Cuban brothers blocking traffic and all that BS. Tell you what, Mr. Julios out there. I got it by coincidence. I got to go to a port of Miami this afternoon. If there is a blockade there, I don't believe in guns against what I'm going to came on in five when you do spec. Thank you, Neil. Okay. God bless you, sir. I don't know what that's all about. I guess I'm on a touch on that. But there's still an up more crap. You're people still and they're on the verge again. They're threatening to run into one more. This red. Why? Over this guy's boat getting confiscated. The guy that's in the hunger strike down at the forehouse. Because it's boat.com. Let me ask you this, who gives a crap? Who cares? Nobody except the people that are going to be late for work if this crap goes on. Because they keep disrupting the city. Because they don't change money. But they have no consideration for anybody else. No. They're just here to disrupt and keep trying to pedal their agenda. I keep trying to tell you guys, we don't care. You don't you understand. We don't care about Castro. We don't care about that crappy little island down there. We don't give a flying crap. Don't you understand? No. Don't you get it? What's up, man? The machine is the brownie. We won't play. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Seriously, if there's anybody in this audience that really thinks that's a good song, we'll come to your home right now and we'll bring Dr. Jack. We'll get a work release for Dr. Jack. And let me put you out of your misery. God. Okay, that's our poll question today, which is more embarrassing Star Wars or Ricky Martin? That's a tough one. That's Nippon Tuck. Speaking of guns, by the way. Let me recommend, again, a book I mentioned last week, which probably were paying the attention, but now that there's been all the fewer after the thing in Conner's Georgia. What's the Virgin Mary left? The name of the book you want to read is making a killing. The business of guns in America by Tondias. Making a killing, which I'm going to read a couple of paragraphs here in a few minutes if I can get my voice back. All the gun hunters out there, they get real upset. Oh, gee, you're understaffed. This is just the beginning. That role government's coming in any day. And they're going to take all our guns away. Gun hunters, trigger squeezers, maniacs, lunatics, cowboys. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the animal, the one line. See if we could get a few calls here today, which I doubt, because it's Monday. They don't care. I mean, the fact I got learned, I just and I can barely speak. They don't give a crap. You think right now, I mean, we would all talk about Star Wars. Every line in the board would be lit up with people either ripping it or defending it. Is every line in the board lit up? No, we have, like, any kind of response here to speak up? No. No. And you wonder why you're sick? I think it's psychological. 1026 and 560WQ. What are your back? Yes, I am. You got in my car and went for a ride. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll lim a full up and we'll look at the sky. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, bruised in the back, so we stare for a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She rolled down the window and cracked her smile. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. Can you believe me? I'll push out of the moon, shot us the moon. Welcome. Can you believe me? I'll push out of the moon. Yeah, I'll pull out. Yeah, yeah. You've got a whale of a show. I'll tell you, 1032 is 560WQA. I'm God, if I could only talk. You know, I got so much stuff to do here today. I can't speak. Maybe God is punishing me. You think so? I'll have to think so. I'll get back to the book in a second. Don't let me forget about this. This is also anyway. I'm channel surfing. I see so many gross test things when I'm channel surfing. I guess that I came across one of deposed 85 TV shows from the Micah Soaky Indians or whatever it is. One of his 2000 sports shows he's got on there to try to eat out a living and this man is getting so gigantic. And he like took up. He could number one barely fit in the chair. I noticed and number two took up my whole screen. And I got a 62 inch job and a screen too. Geigent. And also I'm channel surfing. I'm coming across one of those entertainment. You know, one of those, uh, puffed p-shows. And here they're interviewing that, like, L and D generous. And since he's been so much in the news because of his big concert times with Rosie, she's talking about Tom Selich. And she's saying, well, wait, didn't hear this line. She's saying, well, you know, for so long everybody's been saying, when is Ellen good, when is Ellen D generous and Tom Selich? Finally going to make a movie together. Yeah, yeah, doesn't that make sense to you? No. I mean, everybody in Hollywood has been asking, when is Ellen D generous? Finally going to make a movie with Tom Selich? And guess what we did? Are you following that? No. Does it make any sense at all? No. No. And I thought to myself, yeah, oh, yeah, sure. Whatever you say, bitch. I mean, everywhere I go, all my travels all over the world. I stop at airports, people come up to me. They don't even know who I am. They say, when is Ellen D generous making a movie with Tom Selich? And she said it with a straight push. That's the best part, like she was serious. And like I said, only minutes ago, you can pedal any pile of smelly horse manure to the public in this country. It's unbelievable. Like Ricky Martin and Star Wars. Here's a lady mobile and less palm. Hello. Hey, Danny, answer to your poll question. Yeah. None of the above. But did you check any above and Tom this morning? No. They were talking about a woman giving birth to a baby on a train in the bathroom. Yeah. And he went down the hoop and out onto the tracks. Yeah. And it was okay. It just had a little scratch on him. I didn't say where it was. I didn't catch the whole story, but maybe somebody else heard it. It was bizarre. Yeah. Must have been a slumbered in train and no doubt. I guess. And must have been a real small baby too. I don't know. I've ever seen the size of an opening in the train. Not since I was a little kid was on a train where I had a very dumb. I could barely go back to that. The size turned down at the same time. And I didn't think it looked. And I thought maybe it was just a joke. I just caught the tail end of it. Yeah. Anyway. Now they wouldn't joke around. No. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Of course, the right to life people. They don't care about that because it was already out of the mother's room. Now, if a little bit of fetus, that somehow worked its way down at Tora, a toilet thing, huh? Then they'd be psychotic. Maybe having parties to celebrate the fact that still alive. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. This is my last attempt. Okay. I'm going to put all my stuff away. And just play the rack. Play the back street poison. Because these people, I know it's Monday. But this is the over and above the usual college duty today. Talk about not coming to you, Raid, when you can't speak. But they never have. I've been on here here for 175 years. And every time I either have Lauren and Jai, this or I feel like crap, it's just like this because you're a bunch of bastards basically is what it's all about. You have no compassion. You have no feeling. You have no nothing. You're a bunch of sadistic goddamn bastards. You're not fooling me. And of course I'll take some money. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, Neo. Doctor. Are you doing today? I'm doing great. How about the hockey game yesterday? Yeah. I was pretty entertaining. Yeah. I've been a lot of scores. I've been a lot of scores. I've been a lot of scores. Yeah. I've been a lot of scores. Yeah. When the second string or when Dwayne Rollison comes in and out plays Curtis Joseph, then you know the Leafs are going to lose that game. And I'll be honest with you, the even on Leafs lost the first game in the Philly series in the Pittsburgh series. I don't think that's going to happen again. I'm hoping for the best, but I think Buffalo is I think they're going to win the series. Yeah, I do too. I think they're a little better team, but I thought I had the experience last year to got to the final four in the Leafs have got that poor defense. And now if Kujo goes to the slump, I think it could be a fast series. Okay. Neo, guys. One more thing. Yes, sir. Please. Now, say it again. Then you're no to fake. Okay. Whatever that is. Well, whoever, whatever and whoever that is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I got one call on a board here. One call. I can barely squeak out a note. And you people should out there. No, tell me you're busy. Okay. This town is dead as a door nail. This town. You could roll bowling balls up and down a highways in this town right now. That's how exciting it is here. The 24th are fricking me. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Mobile in Boker. Yes. Like he said, like crap. And nobody said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. I don't know. No calls. Okay. Let's do the break. And I'll play the rack. I'm not going to fight it. They got absolutely monomaterial. They got nothing to say about Star Wars. Nothing about Ricky Martin. Nothing about kids that shoot in each other. Nothing about guns. Nothing about anything. Nothing about that preschool back to work. Just they moving the lancing Michigan so we can lessen work. Kids up there. Nothing about anything. You know, I wake up in the morning. I look out the window and I say to myself, can I possibly be here? Is this really where I am? 23 years ago. I said the first week that I was on here. I said that South Florida was an outdoor funeral parlor. Little that I realized how much truth I had spoken. Just those few words. A place not for living people. A place for the walking dead. That's this town. But thanks so much for coming to my aid this morning and helping me out. And a single star sales department too. By the way, you're doing a spectacular job. Not that I care anymore. Thanks to guilty. I got religion from guilty in the tea room here a few days ago. Couple weeks ago. Thank God that I did. Hold the way to two to about this place. I don't care. Our management doesn't care. Our sales department sure is hell doesn't care. And anybody seen repurately by the way. No. Another bull crap artist. Of the worst kind. Fuck. Fuck. They talk a good game. But they just don't care. Anyway, everywhere you look right now. Somebody is pedaling beepers because that's worth it. How to help anybody walk around without a beeper on their thing these days. Right? It's safe. And fire, they tell. As I say. So. Go to the YouTube. Hey. Hey. Hey. Yo. I'm a youtuber. You're a youtuber. Who's your youtuber? Have you ever heard that I'm a youtuber? We're all the criminals. That's not worth our greeting. Friends like all black people do. But white people want to say it's too slow they can sound real cool. I'm a youtuber. And whoever he's appreciating that you're we're all make our booze. Now. Of a gift. That's fine. Another word to you. If you do he real bad. But now it seems okay. When African Americans are interested themselves that way. Hey! On a new year of degrees in the machine that's your wear-off in your booth. The longer the vernacular, more racial abuse. If you could be taboo, a nasty thing to say. But now, if you need all about my black folks every day. Your honor, every year and every night, you figure wear-off in your booth. Oh! On a new year of degrees in the year, we're all in your booth. There are things in one sentence and five year olds who used to miss me. He does it matter now but everyone is now a fool. You, you, you, you. Check it out. I'll be grandmaster soon. I'll be switching my things. Playing with my refuse. I've been placed in a... I got a reason. I'll stay in this booth. So I didn't like that San Jose, or the most of the guys that are Rolex launch platformed by Jordan Knight. I think Elaine's got a big office over there. It's only temporary for about 10 or 20 years to let me hit into a production studio. Does anybody believe that? No! Don't start that again. Duff got his, you know, his particle board desk just relaxed. Okay? Don't start a big deal because San is part of the inner circle and you're not. Okay, mister. Just mind your own business. He's part of the inner circle. You're, oh, you had a great line by the way, and Friday. What was that line? You came up about this show as a... You look so good. Yeah, I'm the pivot man of the city wise circle, jerk. Yeah. Yeah, but I'm pretty picky, you know. I'm not going to like reach out and touch everybody. Well, you don't know what they look like on the phone. Yeah, that's the problem. But in the building, you know what they look like. I don't want to start on that again. Do I? Do I want to start on... Yeah. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Oakland Park. Okay. Speak to me, sir. Speak up. I'm speaking to you. I'm brand new to the soft slow to area just by listening to you show. I enjoyed even enjoyed your show last week. Yeah. Got a quick question for you. I'm going to have even enjoyed. You say that like, you know, come on, let's like a put down. I'm not listening to a couple weeks ago when I actually had to turn on an off because I got kind of bored with it. As you mentioned, he's getting better. Yeah. Yeah. Well, if you keep attacking the old Jews, you might hit on something. You know. I hear the question for the educational one. I was 22 years ago, recent college graduates actually, aspiring for career down the road in TV radio. I don't do it. I'm not doing it. My question is never heard of it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Listen to this. Never heard of it before our game soft slow down from the Detroit area. Yes. I'm curious. Give me a little background about the way you found out. You get... I'm not not going to go through that. You talk about boring Jesus. I'm not going to give you my life story. Now, I asked Dick Pertner. He's a big fan of mine. No, I have never called him. I got other calls on there. I'm not going to give you my life story. Hey, I just curious. Okay. Well, go to the website. You're asking he killed the spook. Okay. Cut the crap. But when somebody facts me this, it's a picture of Jeff Gordon. Why about your joke? I'll get emotional when he sees this. How about your his feet will start to twitch? Special brick yard edition of some stupid racing magazine. And here's a picture of Jeff Gordon. Well, he's a real dumpy looking guy. You know what I mean? He's not good looking. He's not bad looking. He's just dumpy looking. You thought about him saying, don't be looking. And Jeff Gordon is saying, it's amazing the attitude when Christ is in your life. You just have a whole new attitude about life because you know that there's a far better place. Isn't that nice? Yes, that's weird. Don't you when you're looking for like spiritual or like some kind of guidance in your life turn to some, from being looking race car driver or some illiterate big sparks of football player like Reggie White. Don't you look toward them? No. For some goddamn spiritual advice advice. All these God people man to keep peddling all this bull crap. Just never stops. And by the way, Michael Landon, what a piece of crap he threw out today. I did catch that last night because it's desperate. I mean, now that now that hockey season we've wound down to like the one game in the night in the semi finals here. And is there anybody watching baseball? Oh, my God, forget it. Well, don't forget we got Hank from my shoes today too. Jim Mad Dog, man, it's six to seven thirty and seven thirty. It's the Marlins at the Cubs. Any, no. Oh, no. For they bathe. They're pathetic. So it's so desperate now you just keep twisting that thing and peddling around a channel surfing like a maniac. So the best I could do is that damn Michael Landon movie on the CBS last night. And like I said, what a piece of crap he was. Really, so they made him out to be. And then the first thing George says is more like, hello, I want. Oh, Jewish. You are such a villain anti-symid man. I heard all the protests. Oh, yes, some of my best friends are Jewish. My crazy accountant is Jewish. God. And he wasn't even really Jewish, Michael Landon. He was like a part of a Jewish. I think it was his record. Yeah. And they got John Schneider on there. Boy, did he use to really look good, huh? But that's a hundred years ago he looked good. The aging John Schneider playing Michael Landon. That was terrible. Why do we have to know that, by the way, why? Why does it important for us to know that what was his name on the show? Little, little Joe. Who's that, huh? I'm going to answer. Why do we need to know that? That he was an asshole. Other than the fact that his kid, you know, wants to sell a book and sold the rights for this movie last night and needs to mix the money now. Other than that, is there any Rick? Why do we have to know too much about celebrities? I think usually the less we know the better off we are, because most of them are neurotic and are like pill pusher and drug addict. They're just crazy. Why do we need to know that? Why do we need to know that John crawler would make for an entertaining movie? But why do we need to know that John Crawford was a sarcastic bitch? Were there anything to be gained by that? Why did we need to know that Ellen or Roosevelt was such a goddamn bullbike? Was that already apparent anywhere the head at least one eye? Huh? What was? We can't have any heroes anymore. FDR. Why did we need to know that he was a womanizer? I guess, I guess though, you know, we're kind of wheelchair. That's pretty good. Huh? You got to admire that. Here's my BB, fellow. Yes sir. How you doing? Is anybody talking about that pro Russell that was killed last night on life television? Yeah, I read about this morning. They had a little problem there. He fell. They were going to lower him down on the, uh, in the head. Yeah, they came back three times a day. We never attached. We never attached. The cable was not attached. Yeah. I was watching him. He wasn't attached. And he just, uh, boy, talk about stupid. Yeah. I was not getting all g2 late. I was watching it last night. You were actually watching it. Well, they didn't show you that part. I didn't show you that part. Did they did it? And the pan to the crowd and the crowd standing up as silenced. And one of the announcer was there talking about this wasn't part of the story line. And this is not a gimmick that, you know, sometimes when you do live television, things happen. And, you know, he pretty much, you know, summed up what happened in the ring. And I read in the papers today when he came down. He hit like one of the corner turnbuckles with his glasses. Yeah, that's Jesus. God. And, uh, yeah, man. The crowd at first started was part of the story line. I hope Stanley C. Panther was watching it their last night and that he learned the lesson from me. Yeah, and that was pretty awful. I mean, he was only 33 years old. And, you know, it's just a way to have a life right there. I guess he'll never be governor now. No, no, no, no. That's my man by the way, Jesse. Yeah. That's the man. I say Jesse the body for president. Yeah. Well, it's something that was, I kind of, you know, after seeing that, I didn't feel like watching the rest one anymore. Good. Good. I've done a lot of good for you. I'm a ruffle and fan, but I mean, I didn't really want to watch that. I'm a career for a while. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Yeah, I read that this morning. I'm glad he reminded me of it. Because we have a clip of the guy explaining it. The owner manager, whatever, promoter. We have one. I don't want that. I mean, Donnie, be just came in there to tell you that. I don't want that. I mean, I appreciate we appreciate the offer. I don't want to look at your gift horse in the amount they're in. The rectum, but please. I mean, if there's anything on that morning show that we want, that's not it. 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. See, even though I've got the head cold, I got the luringitis, it makes no difference. Nothing suppresses me. I'm just as perverted now as ever. Just nothing ever stops. I never slowed down. Speaking of that morning show. Here's Holly with, hello. Can't stop out there. That was a real tragedy about the rest. But a bigger question. What are you doing? You know, I mean, people die every day. It was an accident. Didn't have people die. That's show business. But a greater threat. Greater trash. People in the circus die. How about the flying bull enders? Didn't they have some people die? If they did. I'm hearing anybody talking about that. Well, a greater tragedy was I wanted to church someday. Please, my girlfriend. Oh, yeah. 54 years. I didn't want to do it. 54 years. No, I got rid of it. 54 years. I haven't been in the church and I'm regret going. Yeah. I don't know about a church as elsewhere, but it was basically half empty. And the, well, what what the nomination was this? A Roman Catholic. Oh, well. And they were fact in the church. Yeah. And they're bitching that the young people are not coming to church. The, the enrollment is declining. And that's because most of the young people are encapsulating now for a for having been abused by the priest. Well, that may be true. But I have time to go to church. And then I came home. And then I came home. And then I came home. And I saw this movie, Nova, deep space. Yeah. And I realize why I'm an atheist. I mean, my gosh, one is one is a group of very chaos. You have there. So I want to tell you something. Any, any human being that could believe the God bull crap that could believe these man-made religions has got such a weak, feeble mind that all I can do is feel the greatest sympathy for them. And also for the rest of us because we have to suffer from their psychosis. Why do we have to suffer from this? I call because they want to because like Jeff Gordon, they want to keep a lay in it on us. We keep saying no and they keep saying, yeah. Yeah. And then I had to, a Christian born again by the same Jesus Freaks come to the door. I think there was your whole ver Witnesses. Oh yeah. And they want to talk. I know for this. A real easy care for this. I mean, just straight up an ear. I'm not saying, just, just, just you get to me. Shoot anybody. The first time. I don't want to think about that. I told him I'm an atheist. I mean, look at me like I never even knew what the word was. Yeah. A lot of people told me these religious Bible thumbpress that they're atheist. They're, I have news for him. Most people in America are atheist, but they're in a closet. They don't want to work with me. And the correct. There is a one person in a thousand. There is a one person in a million in this country. They're really believed in God. I believe that. I have a little. I have a little. I've got a poll here a couple of weeks ago. And most of the people lie through their teeth. Oh yeah. There's a God. There must be something. Yeah. Right. I had a little sign. I bought it said atheist on board. And I parked at the post office. I'm handicapped. Someone put a brick. I'll see if there we go. Through my window. Yeah. Because if we're at the sign. Otherwise, I'm probably some very good developer. Ligispers. Probably. I probably. I'm like, I think it's holy water. Yeah. Okay. Well, good luck to you. Have a nice day. Don't do it again. Fine. What do you say? 5.6705. 60. Pound 5. 60 on a mobile one line. We're back on our religious crap again. Did I even write a say about that? Good. Oh, yeah. God works in mysterious ways. Like I like a bunch of little infants. A bunch of little emotional cripples. Waiting to hear about the afterlife. Like Jeff Gordon said, Oh, there's got to be something better than this. What's he complaining about? He's a dumb red neck making millions of dollars for drivers to be car, round and round and circles. Couldn't get arrested in the panoray and he's complaining. What's his problem? God, if he's something better than this. Yeah. There's got to be something, you know, he may have a point. Because if there's a hell, I know that some of the people from our sales department are going to wind up in it. Are they getting out of the house? Do you want to talk to me? Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Show both of these stuff. My ass. Show both of these stuff. Okay. My ass works for rockins today. We're talking with one type of this string. Show those buttons. Show both of those buttons. Show both of these stuff. I act. I look through the A, you didn't super-gated with all the old apps. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. I act. You can't watch your in the help slide a minute. It's easy. You're that weird. You want my ex to see you mass. So don't fall down now. Since that I've, for you two started out so late and speed up all the way to the last. What's about to be fucked? Let me talk. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. Show Both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. See taking pictures of them. Show both of these stuff. Show both of these stuff. for your throat. Okay. Good on young meal. No. No, I know you hated. No. It's been all. No. Okay. No chance. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T where I will find another guy with no material whatsoever. He knows I can't stand that bit. So that would be good therapy. Okay. I'm already feeling lousy. So put on something that I know you can't stand. So you take pills to maintain that level of asleness. Is that what you do sir? Do you take pills? Huh? So keep it up to that level. It'd be such a jerk. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Yes. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a letter here and I don't know if he had brought up on your program for a Batami Hill figure. Tommy Hill figure. Yeah. Yeah. I know. This is the style. Yeah. This is their editor. I'm sure many of you watched the recent taping of the Oprah Winfrey Show. Where it gets was turned. Sir. Yes. That's a crank. There's no such thing. That's a fake thing. That's a fake thing. Yes. And so it's unusual to hear you say that because no, no, no. It's a very, very argument. Sure. Well, you listen to me. Yeah. It's not unusual for me to say it because it happens to be a fact. They've never met each other. He was never on her show. And it's just a funny thing that was circulated on of all places. The internet. How interesting here. You're like that. Matt. I would just crap on the internet. I'm grinding here because I was very, very despondent and didn't know if I should believe this or not that bad. But I do you would probably know about. I'm your anti-user. It's a fake. Thank you very much. God bless America. Thank you. Tommy Hill figure. He wouldn't waste his time on that Fed bitch issue. Anyway, what do you know? Anyway, get back to that bitch Rosio Donald. Isn't that something? She's, she's all of a sudden going to become a social commentator. She's going to save us from the gunnuts. Fed, diek, disgusting bitch. And as far as Tom Solick is concerned, I always thought, you know, is that about time he made a movie with Ellen? Huh? All my life, I thought that even before I ever heard of that diek, Ellen D. Generate. I thought, man, Tom Solick, he'd be great to movie with her because I think they have a lot of talent. We were just discussing it at the law and to get into sea Star Wars. Yeah. Aren't you ecstatic that Ellen D. Generate Spine they made a movie with Tom Solick? I mean, it just makes all the sense in the world. Isn't it? Yeah. That, like, when I was a kid, we used to say, when is Buffalo Bob finally going to get together and make a movie with, with Gabby Hayes, you know? And they missed their chance. They missed the opportunity they're both dead. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. I want to ask you something. What gave Rosio Donald the right to ambush Selec on the national television? Nothing. Totally unprofessional. Totally uncold for it. It's obviously planted in advance and at, you know, he should have, he should have got up and walked out if he had any balls which he doesn't. Right. It was disgusting. I mean, that's that pig. Right. She ambushed this guy. I mean, so if you don't agree with Rosio Donald, you're going to get ambushed. First of all, he didn't come on her to debate the NRA under the fake gun control. They came under the plug and movie, which they do this all the time. I mean, they use these shows and, you know, and then host of the shows, use the celebrity of the guest, the big name, the drone audience. That's what it's all about. One hand washes the other. And instead all of a sudden, she's a big social reformer now and she's, uh, she's full of craft. Meal. She's a disgusting pig. Meal. Hello? Yes. I mean, we should ambush that fat pig. Yeah. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, one call up in the board here. I, for a while, there looked like we had a little bit of moments in going. See, if I was smart, I started attacking the old Jews like George did. Yeah. All of a sudden, all these old people I have never heard from from for years would be calling in. What, what did Ron Harris did? What did Ron Harris did? What did Ron Harris and one by the way? He got a job. Yeah. Well, congratulations. I'm glad to hear it. He's a good guy. He deserves to have a job. Where did he get a job? He'd tell you. Did he tell you where he got a job? Sir, George? No, he did not. Oh, he probably was looking for a free plug. Well, sorry about that. Ron, call off of you. He'll tell George. I'll give you a plug. Here's a mobile in Tampa. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, the old guy, but I'm sorry. I'll tell you one thing, man. You are the fat. If I can't listen to you on the internet, I can't listen at all. Over here in Tampa is all these old plugs. Yeah. I just can't take. I need you over here. Is there anything we could do? Do with what? Just, just, just you on the air over here? No. No. No. Please, right? No. And a lot of things. I'll tell you. Let me see it again. No. No. You are the best meal. Okay. Thanks for the shock job. At least you know, a lead one thing. He didn't mention him yet. Of course, if I were to give him another 20 seconds. All right. At the Dowers down 51 points. The next deck is down 48. I'm getting second tired of the market going down while I'm waiting for Wayne Bernstein for my bank to call me up to tell me what to do with my money. I mean, they got some nerve to put the big bum's rush. Oh, you know, you got this meeting and you got to come over here and we want you to, yeah. Okay. And now what? Now what? Now make me some money. Make me a mullet. Make me something. Unbelievable. That's so typical of a missed town, you know. Go over there. I drop off all this information on my buddy, Matt's desk. Here's the big envelope. I'll call you. I'll get right back to you. And there's any idea. Anything ever happened? No. And the market's going into crapper. And then they're talking as why to Kate crapp again. They're all getting everybody whipped up into a friend's view about that. And they got some bitch on there. What's your with that with 60 minutes? What's that last night? That piece that's feed crafted, which he's only croaked for doing by the way? And that bitch is on there advising everybody not to take their life savings out, but certainly to take a, you know, a little bit extra out, you know, before we get to the new year. And of course, you know what, you know what that means when she says take a little bit extra out the average person in this country is running around and doing out screaming. I'm sorry, Charlie. Yeah. So you just know by the end of this year everything's going to be right in your old crapper. Run Harrison. Yeah. 1300 a.m. in Island, Marada during the morning show. We don't know the call. I'll just say. Good luck here, Ron. Good luck. How come Henry Bermner called to tell us about, you know, about the real story behind the story there and why he retired Henry Bermner. Oh, yeah. 26 past 11 at 560 WQM and other deadly Monday here in the magic city is there any interest in the Star Wars movie today. No, any interest in Ricky Martin. No, you need to listen to anything. Oh, no. How how is this possible? How can you have four million people in the same area and it all be such a bunch of deadheads? Pretty many and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. In theaters now it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda loses his virginity. Oh, I'll do it too. You are one of my mom. What's happening through any of my. Oh, oh, what's this? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, yes. Yes. Oh, Yoda gets you with R2 D2. Oh, I do D2. Give it to me, baby. Oh, no, in the theater, do you? Okay, we sure had a lot of response about that today, right? Oh, no calls. Not one call. Not one man. You wanted to walk with your embarrassed. They're not going to argue that and I didn't see it. See? She could call and say any kind of crap you wanted. I wouldn't know. Of course, you're just sitting in the other room and he was beginning to realize that he was a real piece of dirt and every single review every quick. It just ripped a crap out of it. And then again, the star, the trekkies and the Star Wars fanatics, the groupies fighting each other outside these theaters. A coast to coast in America. I mean, that that should probably be the new, uh, American slogan shouldn't it? I have no life. Yeah. Seems to be an epidemic of it in this country. I have no life, right? I mean, keep some off the streets, I guess. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, Doug. Yes, sir. Hey, um, you know, I don't know if you've discussed it yet this morning or I don't want to Got a chance chance to turn the radio one. I listen to you every morning, but uh, I almost had it to crack up and About the wrestler to fill down. Yeah, somebody. Now why do you say almost that it crack up? Was this funny? You got killed? Well, not so much that I think it's, you know, the the the the the three reason that they're there fake to begin with and people believe in all this stuff, you know, with the wrestlers and how they get wrapped up in this and and then they have something like this happened where people actually thought it was part of an act. And you know, well, Grand glad you thought it was funny. There's a guy thought it was funny. This guy got killed. Five six seven, five six. The palm five he had a crack up over it. Uh-huh. Yeah, got falls 85 feet. Hitches head on the corner of the ring dies a wicked horrendous grotesque death. The thing was never Buckle on him in the first place. He jumped a little premature evaluation on his part. He's dead and his guy Chuckle because people take stuff for real. The other stuff. Huh. I guess that'll teach him Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line a typical Monday here in the tragic city. Oh, this place could be paradise Get those casinos in here get some living and breathing people. Let's get the busloads and busloads of the dying old people out of here Let's send them to South Dakota early bird dinners free horse meat Here's locks. I hatchy. Hello. Hey, New high. Are they okay? We'll be out of good weekend. No, I was great. That's good. They're always right when you're away from there Frost power starter tonight. Yeah Awesome great movie. I love it. Uh-huh. What was awesome about it? I think there it was not I don't know uh some people said there was parts that were born in but it was mostly it was pretty nonstop Nine more stop watch special effects special effects and action and just The sound was really good. I mean even the game is it's fast two and a half hours off scene They just blew by it is only for I knew it. Mm-hmm. I just blew that's it. Yeah, give us a good good. That came later Okay, I'd love you. I'd like to do this. I got it like the gorgeous busy hot kind of chatter Somebody on the phone so we didn't have a chance to enter or you didn't have a chance to do a counter-act whatever This guy said sorry because you're hot gonna try and get with some jackass on the phone there. No, it was a good friend of ours. Who? I can't name her on here Why not? Oh, you're doing a break. Did you like it in trouble? Oh, okay Wasn't tracing you knew you was it. Oh Thanks again Tracy by the way for my millennium CD I'm not gonna play this now, but I might have to play it in a little while if these phones don't start really Number one almost everywhere in the civilized world And spotted the fact that some little spik tool me over a year ago year and a half ago I said oh year from now nobody will know who those guys are and it's quite a the fact that they drew from Orlando Try to screw these kids over they're bigger than the Ricky Martin. How do you like that? Which ain't saying much? Oh, as he bad here. Oh God I mean I understand and not everybody's got good taste But this guy he couldn't sing if you if you'd stuck a god 357 magnum deep inside is rectum along with the durable. He's still good in sing And you know something no matter how big that record gets no matter how big he gets he'll still always be on the bottom That's right That's what I here. I have inside sources who tell me that Ricky Martin well Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. I saw Star Wars and it was horrible George is absolutely right. Oh my gosh, that it was great Oh, I don't know how much I got a diamond from it. Well, I don't know how much you got paid to say that It was the worst movie I've ever seen really it was the worst there was absolutely no I mean the acting is only thing that saved it But the animation or whatever was this terrible special effects of horrible acting by one like R2D2 The only part of me say it was like that And it was terrible and I It's totally through with George, but I don't agree with you on Ricky Martin although I did hear the same thing you heard about his I look to them are cities I want to even play this thing You hear that I I think he's great except he I did hear that. Thank you for what he's great for what he's great for what? He's great singer He's painting yeah, I'm really good. He's a hoochie. No, look, why should me you like seeing and get up and wiggle around Well, I don't like that too, but his music is very upbeat. It's not boring like all these you know women who's saying about dying and yeah being depressed like Allen is more a chef Exactly, yeah He's good. I mean he just keeps the going You know, I don't know if I would go stand in the Plant that place to see him, but I'm gonna tell you if he was right down the hall at power 96 I wouldn't walk on the hall to see him. I wouldn't If he's down the hall, I want to know okay. I'll come over. We'll we'll give you a ring All right, thank you. Yeah, I don't think he will, but we'll give you a ring. Is this thing going to play? We don't want to have a little shame on it It looks like a lot All right, here we go. He's hot. He's big He's got a bottle of beer And That's That one song that ball of he sings is it is this the one If there's anybody who's thought for a second that he can really sing what he's not just doing a hoochie kuchi and shouting a lot What was the down of oh That's the one Careful We don't let me cut our own With my down it's careful for she not really smells bad, but she might be turning on the disease In fact, I would say almost definitely For she and gonna Let's do the years oh He's in the air come on put it to one Oh my god Oh my god Kind of a voice What what is that Oh god Where is Flavio season when you need him you understand and is good friend biggest dickiest? He has a wife you know right got all mighty That it's like a joke. It's like camp It sounds like a routine that a drag queen would be doing you know You careful, but you know like it's a put on oh what is 21 till noon at five sixty w qm it's half the turn of that because now even Michael the whole the mayor this morning sorrowful column of a son sent a lot. What are we gonna do all the teens here suck and a sports is all over with well guess what get a life Michael get a life budget 567 by the way George is just filming at the mouth about how bad Star Wars was what a piece of crap Was I getting anonymous facts as Star Wars kicked ass. Yeah, uh huh yours because they got your money sucker 567 0 560 pound 560 on the AT&T one. Oh, the honest people will tell you that it's suck and the people who don't want to admit that they got sucked in by the hype They'll tell you it was great they mean enjoyed it like I got to call before Here's Miami hello Hello, yeah, sir. Oh What is it? Oh, yes, speak to me sir. Come on speaking. Oh my god. I have a mouth of a parol. Okay. Here's Virginia garden. Hello. Oh, I knew Yes, sir. I saw Star Wars twice already. Yeah, I loved it. I didn't see a problem with it What do you like about it? The special effects. I mean you got to take all the other movies into consideration I should I feel a fact doesn't make a movie okay I'm a fact the story fact the story was interesting too. Okay, you know, can't meet going and I like it Yeah, and I didn't fall for the hype. I mean I grew up with Star Wars and I really liked it What what do you mean you grew up with Star Wars? I don't understand what you mean, but well, I'm only 20 years old So when I was growing up I had all the toys and it was great. I loved it People get fall for the hype and they get all caught up. I have no life. Yeah, exactly. Okay good mom's I enjoyed it Well, thanks. I got bless you. You too. See there's a well he's 20 year old guy He liked it. Okay. What's wrong with that? See you on everybody do agree with you I say this if you liked it great what do I care? I don't care. I'm not gonna go see it I'm gonna go see it again just to be honest that it was great. I still wouldn't go see it I saw the first one twice I Like that that's enough. I don't want to see any more of it You know, I saw Mark Hamill he looked uh to you know For a little queen he looked okay and then he got his face all matched in the car accident and I see now That's why they have to make the movies of the prequels, you know before Mark Hamill got his face my stuff and got reload and a Way here here oh by the way speaking of the harness racing Billy's face Kevin Wallace blooded they have an accident a Windsor race way last night about the 3rd or 4th race There were horses down and drivers flying in here including Kevin he's okay he came back he went about five races last night See when you got a satellite this you find out what's going on in the real world not that anybody here cares I just mentioned that for our friends in Pompattle Park Kevin in a bad wreck last night He came out unscathed he's doing greatest kick-in-ass Here's Miami hello Anya remorning? Yes sir Oh, I don't even know where to begin. We're gonna start the beginning. Well start worse and we can Martin yeah I haven't both at the same time. I happen to be unlucky enough To end up at the same mall to see star wars where Ricky Martin was appearing Oh That's a week talk about a double dip oh Oh Let me tell you something I do not like Ricky Martin but I do like his fans oh yeah Yeah, we talked about probably not like to bash these boys either way like a lot of my fans I love their fans. Yeah, I mean they were bringing them in by the best loads I will say why is it that I buy this young female the young women have so bad taste They were all over the place and they're always lusting for a guy that they could never have now This is the thing that a friend of mine and I found curious yes You have this girl because most of them are junior high really high school age Going to a shopping center in the middle of the day right messed up and made up like if they were going to Out to an I club. I mean what are they expecting to the Ricky Martin is gonna pick them up? You know where's they're not just going to see them. I aren't they foolish They're like dressing up like it's indeed He's gonna notice them Okay, yeah, but maybe they're maybe they're trying to impress each other. Oh, and by the way, is any guess worse? Yeah, we saw several All the women I would say in the 30s to Early 40s with their daughters in code some of them with baby girls It is a carriage one of them with a big-and-sign that said Ricky I'm your number one baby fan. I lost it. I lost it And we got to start worse. Yes, a lot of hype what I found about this movie was in battle way I did see the other three movies when they came out. Okay, I'm in my 40s now and The first movie is working This one unfortunately the hype was so much that maybe by the time I got to see it I was expecting so much more the rest of the storyline. Okay That's a little bit of a story at all. No, there isn't this is a comic strip gun mad Yeah, the way that I saw it it was like looking at a comic strip that has come to life Too many weird characters especially if they're incredible, but there is no storyline Okay, there is just a lot of hype the movie's getting only knowing out of it And then it's the young guy that called before he's honest he said it was you know two and a half hours of special effect I like it So if you like special effects go see it if you don't if you're looking for a storyline Do not waste a 750 right? It's just not there. Okay, and okay, and oh and in closing I'm it's like those Peter North movies if you're looking for a story line for get it, but if you like a special effects Scored or and go see yeah, that's a specific you're gonna get right right Well, and close and because I am the guy that a year ago facts you that six manual Right and I think you were fast last week about something else you were talking about and those are guy that called and said That well That's okay for him to say that because people that send their kids to Catholic school or whatever their rich Not in this case pal. Okay, I Work my wife works and trust me if I could put my my Golded retriever to work as well. Okay. I would yeah I got a good for her education I'm not rich by any stretch of the imagination I just need to do what I need to do so that she can get a good education And that's all I got to say. Okay. God bless you sir. Okay. Okay. Okay. There's a good guys as Ricky Martin sucks And then if you like special effects by all means glutton spend the money if not the stay home Or go see Ricky Martin and you really get upset 567. Oh 560 pound 560 who is that in the door why I thought maybe that was our food is our food on the way here I thought I wanted you know oh yeah the bug guy it's all room 2 up. Oh God We have a bug guy. We do know Here here We actually have a bug guy that we we're going to pay we pay them oh no No, you don't like slavia seizure, but what I did just wait Okay, it's worth I thought it wasn't he looks better in Ricky Martin and things better too. What do you get going it's go start What about a friend biggest yeah the wife you know yeah Well like I said I get off I'll have time to wait for to get going Well actually it turns out to be a good job If anybody a chance you're a real little spit hard ass This is what makes me ill Great this man is And they're all who she's cooking over Ricky Martin couldn't sing Like I did if it's white the paint on the couldn't sing a real note and here's the least Miguel it's because you know Okay Jesus you want to cry listen to him sing of course Ricky Martin you want to cry too but for a different reason 560 p.m. 560 p.m. 60 on the 18t what there's no accounting for taste Let me say to get I've been telling this for years That's why vanilla ice cream is the number one selling ice cream in the world Because there's no accounting for the taste of the public most of the public out there their taste is in their vacuum Like a penny Here's candle hello Candle hello Go on not too much pal after really with the The hockey situation out of the last two set the game that's kind of a world done it's where we were more cooked We're pretty good. We're having three or four games on a night two goes at least they're back and forth now it's like It's deadly and then what we tell we get to the finals and there's only one game every other night and then wait till after Over it there's no hockey until god only was went till September I have to tell you one thing about Star Wars. I think I'd learn a while ago now all this hype they must be there Pumped up. I mean juicy on California to have people with Intense with all this electronic equipment with websites and they're like interviewing them Asked them like what do you do that? Well we're out here and and if somebody types us a question about the movie Will type them back to we're here 20 sure what they're really trying to say is I have no life Exactly, I don't you hate when people say 24 seven that's that new regular oldies catch phrases Yeah, we're here 24 but don't you understand in America life is a cliche Everybody's gonna be a cliche But Star Wars I mean who cares? I mean any first of all if you just stand and lie to see I don't stand I'll have to see anything see if I didn't like the first one then I I would say that I have no credibility on the subject But I saw the first one twice I thought it was real entertaining was very good It had a story dispersal effects of red but I don't want to see anymore in other words It's not a life to me. I don't want to see 85 parts of Star Wars what's the point exactly? In addition in which the first one and had an ending you know and always pretty cool crap But what is that all about let's let's make psychos park and the prequel and Tony Perkins can be a baby You know you know and as far as Ricky Martin and a battery boys. I'll take over the leftover fans Okay, and one other thing real quick that guy at risk I think that was that was it was I I I was watching that it's like they're trying to say the guys almost richly dead and that people care not like it's part of the show It's pretty it's pretty it's pretty everything America is a show put it that way that's right Well nothing is for real anyway and God bless you I'll leave you and have a great life. Great Jesus. Okay Oh if I can only speak you know I know this were honored today. We do something right to make you come in and sit down and watch through him in here What is a door open and somebody like through him in the room here? Why is that he's just hanging out now? Do you listen to this show? I'll thank God for that. At least he's got a sense of humor But he doesn't Maybe that's why he came in and by the way Corey Saban's very upset you better have a chat with him I'm again beginning to wonder about history five minutes before noon at five 60 w q a I'm got it You The murdered how wild Did you Chastity and grieving. It's so hard and pleasing. Yeah. Cause it's real, it's not so fun. You dated God's really hard for us. I can believe he's a lads, be it. Yeah, lads, be it. Oh, you must be something wrong. It's just gay. I'm really don't know where I went wrong now. I can't believe she's a lads, be it. I hear the fear, I hear the fear, I'm really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe he hurts, but he's been a song of us. That would do it. 12, I won at 5, 60, WQM. Here's the fact that this is, I wonder if anyone noticed that in one of the parts of Star Wars, all of Senators of the planets meet there are three E.T.s floating around at the bottom of the screen. What does that mean? There are three E.T.s floating around, or maybe it was just, out of this world. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and my me, B, cello. How are you doing here? Great. I think I'll be able to point out the first episode. It wasn't supposed to be this great miracle with movie. I think it was being introduction and I think it's a purpose thing. Wait, wait a minute. What is the message? Greg likes Star Wars. Greg Reed likes Star Wars. I must have really sucked. I must have been a piece of crap because his taste is in his spectrum. But anyway. It kind of finished purpose. It's just one finished introduction of 4, 5, and 6. You know, we're in a green room. We're dark green and came from. Yeah. And the story. I want to start with a little bit of this. What difference does it make weird Darth Vader came from? Well, because he just appeared. Let me ask you, did it make a difference where Dracula came from? No, but the point of the 4, 5, and 6. Did it make a difference where, while we know where Frankenstein came from? That is an example. Well, he was supposed to be a kind of a bad girl, a good Jedi, where he turned bad, and we literally didn't know. Yeah. I'm just, you know, I was the first, first movie of the introduction. Yeah. I think I think it's first purpose. And by the way, George, Israel won the United States first. Okay. Talk to the center of K&D and Zabato. Okay, Pal, they want Central New York back. Why? I don't know. They want Vernon Downs, I guess. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, animal, animal, and line. So there's a definitive word. Greg Reed said it was great. So it must have suck. Okay. Because there is a man who is just so far out of touch with reality. I mean, he is, you know, if he would have attended this is the best. All he did like roots Chris, I'll say that. He did like roots Chris. Here's a mobile and cross brings. Hello. Hey, good morning Neil. Yes, sir. I'm feeling okay. Just can't talk. Oh, I'm so glad you came back on the air. Yeah. I saw Star Wars over the weekend and I was very weak. Why did you go see it? You get sucked into the hype? Absolutely. Because I'm a science fiction fan. And I thought it would be fun to see. Yeah. I was disappointed. I think this kid was just dreadful. He was just horrible. Who's that? The kid that played the young, the dark. The young Darth Vader, yeah. Yeah. He was just horrible. We're losing one of our best economists in the, um, some Sentinel, John Grogan is leaving. Really? Where's he going? Real place. He's going to manage a, uh, uh, an organic gardening. He's going to be the editor of an organic gardening. Anything, uh, magazine in Michigan. And organic gardening magazine? Yeah. He wants, he needed an excuse to leave. He said, and then he finally got one. Yeah. He wants it wrong. He would write a good column. I want to be six months. I mean, yeah. He was one of the few Suns that no coms. So he had something to say once a while. Right. And I just want to say that the back street boys are great. And that Ricky Martin, um, makes and recating. Glee's just something. Okay. All right. Thanks for the good news. That's what Sam said. I'm sending an oreckey Martin. Wait till Sam drives up in the Ferrari that Ricky Martin bought him. He went at the start of laundry and he was at Sullivan. I'm going to shorten night by the, uh, you know, low-experts. Sand goosebag. Who does that send me? This is, this is the, this is the, this is the. This is the worst. This is the worst. The various. Dear only Thank you Jesus Christ and they're all these young women lined up how screaming emotional and dripping. soaking wet over this piece of dirt unbelievable five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's my me hello hello me yes sir are you doing okay little lemon and uh... little honey a little good that uh... uh... reference for a was really such uh... yet the honey to you yes yet but i didn't go see this one because i'm gonna waste my time and close and just want to say the judge all boys and boring subject to just a clue in the local okay here's a mobile the gables alone and ill yes sir and it's through the spot in the air times about a woman in china was right in the train you know she was nine months pregnant all i did some on again about talking to baby down the uh... crappy out yeah i heard that story yeah yeah it's a little must have been listening to bob and time again no i heard it no i better than your time just morning it's a real story the real story she threw the baby down the oh she did by accident she passed it by accident she passed it yeah and and not only did it all in the track but train with over it and it's okay and it's still okay on couple scratches the great thanks for the good news there is a god okay and anybody believe that no maybe those holes are bigger in china yeah that could be i would think the holes would have to be a lot smaller in china you know what i mean like those well i'll tell you one thing by the way that you guys out there with small penises don't have any fear because of the chinese could make a billion babies being a hung-like butterfly as it goes to show it doesn't make any difference seriously i have something to think about because every chinese guy that i've ever encountered anywhere in the world or hung-like a button mushroom five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line but they sure are warning here's my amy hello yeah yes sir yes sir i saw star wars at the other day also yeah and and reason why i went out of major trekking in all that i i thought i'm sorry i'm sorry but it was wonderful how old are you part how old are you i'm twenty nine twenty nine and you're dressing up you sound like fifty nine you're dressing up like in the start trek garb like i thought it was right with a little fake ears yeah i don't do they more it was a little bit less weak yeah go ahead okay i thought i thought i was not no line and i was like you i like the first one the second one was good but this one was weak uh that they was too much special effects even though and the lines were even worse than the first one the first one the lines were pretty bad but this one was and then the kid i love one of the one of the uh uh columnist they said the kid was like a white version of a manual Lewis yeah and they said that that jar jar character looked like goofy or dumpo with a bad face list yeah and that basically uh what it was it was uh pathetic i'm never gonna see another star wars flick again okay well listen say how to build shatter for us okay this guy he's dressing up i have no line star trek he's only what he says seventy nine he'll get over it five six seven oh five sixty we got six hundred open lines here in an hour and fifty minutes to kill we'll never make it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line bigger than mine capability but i've seen i guess when to take a leak i have to take out peach bigger than mine i can take sugar no now i know what is golden for good get close to the wall i remember the big sir but it's been out from behind the zipper it came up with 1000 shroud in order to grab my i gotta get a freezer now i know why my wife said i never please her i think he's really proud i look he was so windowed i had to look the way i said that he's really proud i had to look the way i'll be talking about k 13 to five six he's gonna be gonna be you know it's how much better i sound now i feel better i sound better you want to know why because we were just raised by jp stop in for a couple minutes and i i feel like i'm healed all of us unlike was a magical cure you know i think he sure looks a lot better than Ricky Martin you know uh yeah by a long shot and probably things better too five six seven oh five sixty huh if you can like make croaking sound these things better and Ricky Martin he couldn't say worse five set how come must stand the sham how can we don't make him into a big star or he will five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on a mobile online a heck old bird show from shoul is it too we got you mad dog madditch yeah briefly before the uh before everybody tunes out six to seven thirty because it's seven thirty we got the marlin pre-game show the marlin touch of cobblers to play the cubs any interest at all a minimal any no okay here's a mobile in four waterdale hello no yes sir here to ladies on a school uh get was stabbed in a chest and probably with this morning now i did not just another one of these things are parents but they care they kids no thank you meet meeting what well whatever that means okay whatever it was five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i but that doesn't sparmied by the way to go back to my book making a killing the business of guns in america by tom deias in nineteen ninety the federal centers for disease control the CDC reported the result of the survey which asked a national representative sample of students in grade nine to twelve how many times they'd carry the weapon during the past thirty days one in twenty said they had carried a firearm usually handgun another survey of eleven eleven great public school students in Seattle during nineteen ninety one found that nearly half the males forty seven percent reported they had easy access to handguns and six percent of male students reported having carried a handgun to school at some time a February nineteen ninety seven study by the CDC analyzed firearm related deaths for children of the age of fifteen and twenty six industrialized countries and found that eighty six percent of the deaths occurred in the United States the CDC also found that the overall firearm death among a death rate among US children under age fifteen was nearly twelve times higher among children in the other twenty six countries combined let me say that again it found the overall firearm death rate among US children under the age of fifteen was nearly twelve times higher than among children than the other twenty six countries combined few of the children were a little little criminals who ought to be held accountable on the contrary children and young adults are the most likely to be victims of unintentional shootings in the last ten years more than twenty three hundred American children fourteen years of age and younger died from unintentional shootings a recent study by the violence policy center tracked over two hundred incidents of unintentional shooting of children and teenagers none of whom were little criminals you know it's just like oh I didn't always wanted to sorry every day oh but we don't want to have these laws because you know it makes us feel evident we got to have our guns man we got to polish him we got to squeeze him we got to collect him we got to hang him up on the wall we got to carry him in a hole stir on our thing on our hip oh yeah you're you're smiling but there's a whole group of people he's in our innards they want to be able to do that they want to pack the heat and a gun too five six seven oh five I thought I was going to start packing a little heat in your little while but he left five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Leo is our statistics how much higher could kids in other countries are clubbing each other to death or what what do you think maybe they're not telling each other listen that are done on you sure that maybe civilized people don't kill each other well yeah okay okay listen I thought towards and I had a real like you know like bad overall ball movement boy it was just to meet that first of all it this holds like a thing of over over kid-assizing everything I think the worst thing I happen old George Lucas with he had kids because now everything is like you know very kid oriented and number two they you could talk of it and kill any you know like storm troopers it was all drawer yeah but I mean when I ask you this any movie that had tons of special effects like Indiana Jones and all of these are that they're all kid movies they're all geared toward kids not really of the matrix blew my mind not just I mean because it was also it it had some other thing behind the making it blue oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and another one that I would have had only special effects because that was a movie that was loaded with violence from what I read the matrix was loaded with special effects loaded with violence that was in a kid movie you know but the thing I always guess me about Star Wars is it doesn't have the deaths and personality of Star Trek because it's always just a very simple good for the people for fun the profundity of Star Trek if you follow these days nine for the last seven years you could tell us that we've suffered you know two or three wars yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a great way to go to the show yeah yeah it's true though if you it's here's the Star Trek does have a very deep profundity to the it's all scripting process that's a lot of that's what Bill Shattner said he said get a life okay five six seven five six the pound five sixty on a mobile one of this is sad this is pathetic it really is and you wonder why there's somebody a bozos running around on a loose there's so many people buying Ricky Martin records and eating vanilla ice cream at the same time here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello I need a yes sir I mean go Jay what do you do when you got a brother-in-law old old you money meaning what you won't pay yeah and he tells you he telling all your friends that really won't pay because he goes deeper than that well I get that machete out again and work for the first time five six seven over I know who that wasn't O.J. that was wrong I'm going to voice five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir how are you I'm doing okay I'm making a nice comeback I think you're sounding better already how do you like that just in life twenty minutes is so my help is come back that's your back and your full of action I'm feeling yeah hey these guys drive twenty miles a hour on a thirty six processing this guy getting this boat taking instead of the first getting a ticket for feeling sixty but I think if these guys tickets for going under the speed limit I believe on the express right well if you pull it over you can demonstrate beach I hold on me yes then yeah another welcome I'm gonna ask you that question for ever since I've been in this town what about the old parts that are driving twenty miles under the speed limit left hand lane on ninety five and on every other guy damn highway in his town and they lie a lot oh yeah we write tickets for them too I've never ever seen one of these old fossils pulled over that was going too slow in the passing lane ever in my life well the troopers don't get to get involved in a high-speed chase if you're going one yes not much fun you're right of course not a godfather question for you when the come when he's sitting in the garden with Michael and they're talking about I wish you would become a senator or lawyer passing another president of on the one thing another like a you know a slipper well what do we figure that word means George president of on the it means a ninety-pounder a lightweight yeah another lightweight yeah another figure head you know oh I didn't mean like the puppet on a string no no it didn't okay well meal I appreciate it and I'm glad you know the puppet on a string was the godfather was pulling all the strings at the beginning of the godfather that was the puppet on a string oh okay there you go thank ask an you shall receive well you know that was a very deep bus series that start trek for funity yeah it was filled with profundity I'm mind-melding I think that guy was filled with something else that's not even worse than it was pretty profound 200 open lines here today on a Monday as we keep squeezing and pushing I'll get through this now though I'm feeling held a lot better I'm feeling five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello oh you make a traffic that's okay whatever you say good understand see when you take the sock off the phone who like that it's a lot easier to understand it but when you start shouting and screaming you got the sock over it in the phone too it makes it real tough to understand dumbbo there's a guy who didn't join star I guarantee he saw it here's a mobile in boat hello okay sir they're what older than the residents oh yeah and I'm striving down the road you're the day and I saw three eight keys pulled over the side of the road and that one ticket was this year I think maybe one warning they wait small that had a nice day so don't speak to Daniel but if you do you will not get tickets okay thanks for the good news what he say five six seven oh five sixty pound the foods here anyway that's a good news and pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Cooper City hello yes sir yes you know something you'll have to you the only brave one you're loading your doll the only brave one they're enough to talk up of our done control in this country I've got a rich reason Canada I mean sanity in this country is unbelievable yes it is I had their come and they got to kill people there are a bunch of cowboys man that's the problem there's still cowboys they can't get over it I mean they've worked killing the children and so forth as they've all counted them entire year right hey where did I go now that's off okay God bless you sir see around a another guy that's screaming in the shot and puking man on the bad cell phone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line they okay let me tell you again making making a the business of guns in America by time he has a card cover you ought to be your books there right now getting it and reading it and finally it okay but now we got all these uh... suitable electrical there the talking heads on TV all while guns don't kill people no irresponsible crazy people and crazy hysterical anguic kids with guns they kill people they make childproof caps for aspirin bottles they make childproof uh... cigarette lighters but god forbid that we have childproof guns that we have safety locks like there needs to be a discussion about that like it's like it's a big debate no because you know these people are so paranoid and so psychotic these nra people they figure if they make the first let them get the first enrolled boy that's the first that's or take away their peace use some of the maniacs gun squeezers their squeeziment here's a mobile in four waterdale hello any area great couple questions uh... first of all you think uh... the same risk in got one take to go all the way well i think they're going to win a series with a least i don't know if they're going to be uh... call a battle i think uh... call a battle is going to be a series and you know something it's a damn good thing that they want to get against dollar certain night because the gold that they disallow again the NHL full of crap they had that uh... that padding inside the net there that kept the puck from going over the line it was a crappy college should have been allowed and that got they want to give and even though i can't stand Patrick frog i think that'd be a pretty good series buffalo in the colorado all right not that i want to concede i mean i hope in the best of my least but you know if they couldn't win yesterday gets rules and i think psychological we know they've the gun is part of the go right i don't know the answer to the ever have the opportunity to watch uh... the seven hundred club i think it's on when you can you guys around so i doubt that you ever get a i think a few minutes with their with their uh... perverted news with all my in the court and they present their psychotic right wing opinions as my user i want i just started watching i just bought that and uh... what they're doing i just uh... uh... parahborts in the other day there there there's their turn it out you know uh... like a the charity drive here i don't know what the money's for but they're there's a guarantee that the white two uh... the year 2000 is gonna be worse there's there a comparing it to uh... the hall it off and they're comparing it to the slaves uh... they're saying i'm gonna say i'm gonna say i'm gonna say i'm gonna say i'm gonna say i'm gonna say and i was just i just a may have a wonder if you were to be a bit of the world man because we're gonna just what's the calendar from one day to the next you know how a panicky we get about that yeah man we're supposed to midnight tonight yes sir one last thing uh... while you're giving out a eight hundred number for a place in can it get to get that book uh... one after you can give me that on your all year you don't need to get to the just go you have a computer yes sir just uh... amazon dot comie can buy two there oh you can't help you make so i'm okay Charles temple invited by last time i was in Toronto couple of weekends ago i saw that in the world's largest bookstore there on inward street right off a young saw several copies of that i should actually bought him and brought him back your hand in a month project you see it's farewell to god by Charles temple and if you want to convince them and you're not gonna convince okay because they're like uh... deluded the meant it you know oh yeah the god stuff got his up there he's doing a a he's doing it not too into good of a job he's doing it well to give us free words you know twenty six passenger in five fifty w qa im the gift 12000 or did i to to or exam is that is ever the closer are youself We're gonna be more confused but still alive She's like the fairy tale that's your thing day Nightfall, don't miss your boy on stage Like a 28-day You're gonna look around and find that nothing has changed Outside of inner-zaided spaces, you do Like that there waves of the broad theme, fooling fool You're gonna be a free top of the sand There's the humble, happy, ruthless looking Where the old and we know it will be dead We'll listen to the isn't it is dead In the air, three, five, and twenty five Guess I guess we'll be so high We won't want to drive, but we'll only see You prime time, car to you And the present is the dear to you Now it's been a million years How about that we're still right here Don't find something else to do Your predictions will come true And when you find the life, perhaps you realize That all those years away It's just another day In the air, ninety nine, nine, nine Will we go through this again And hear you fly We won't be able to watch me see Unless we upgrade to a Microsoft In the air, three, and twenty five I'm sure that that nipple has a new future It's up to three, five, sixty, and twenty two I'm all learned right as we're to all the time Thanks to our good friend Brad and Tony's great feature by the way Is that it? Damn good In fact, I'll tell you a ponytail Better get on his better watch his piece and queues man Damn good stuff One ninety-third and four forty-one One ninety-third and four forty-one Right down the street from us here, our buddy Tony's Brad, whatever his name is Here's a mobile and Jupiter, hello Okay, Neil Yes sir As far as gun control, you are one hundred percent correct That's the way we correct I'm 33 years old, white male Never had a gun, never owned a gun, never needed a gun Or I've never put my position to need a gun I think that's one problem with society Also reading the paper and as far as trying to get some gun control And doing checks I mean you got the Democrats voting for 150 Democrats vote for 160 Republicans vote against it It's ridiculous I mean so I don't say that, we'll get to Republicans all upset When I was talking about after they had the shooting again in Georgia last week And they're calling up, oh, let's see right wing And don't say Republicans like I'm making it political Like I'm the one that put most of the Republican party in the pocket of the NRA Like how are you? Yeah, I do with that Oh yeah, to do is read the paper and see how they vote And that'll tell you right there I'll just see the six point eight million dollars The NRA, they donated one point six million The Democratic candidates in the last election And six point eight million in Republican candidates Exactly Also America's just a defensive fire on So you watched TV animals gone bad, don't scorn bad, this gone bad But you see one blue button you see I'm watching the weather channel I mentioned this last year they've been promoting this name Video for over a year now with all the plane crashes Have you ever seen that? I'm a water channel Yes It's amazing people love it Yeah Forget the good storyline Forget if it makes any sense They just want to see blood gut score people shooting people And then the act so surprised in our rage when kids are blown each other up here They can't figure that Must be well-comedy's fall Also Nira, don't concede yet on the Toronto You almost said we're in a plane test for a big poll How about that one hand and go yesterday though? Yeah, but then that's another greasy goal I mean, it reminded me of Billy Lindsay's goal against Boston back when we had to Bigger with the Panthers But that I'm telling you it was a great Santason play the great game yesterday But Kujo has got a stand is ground There otherwise he stops the pocket steady panic He starts to come over to one side And he lets the pocket it just slide right in there Kujo played a really weak game yesterday He's been great in a playoffs But if he's going to play like that it's going to be over and forward Well hopefully they put it together in the next game We tied up and we're just like starting over We'll go from there and hopefully Toronto will be Colorado Okay, Mike Johnson is good Yeah, I'm a great day Okay, see It would be exciting But I don't want to get you know I'm not one of those people that gets unrealistic I'm just happy that the least got this far It's been a long, long time Maybe we can put Bob Kool out to pack you now After this year's playoffs God, it's he getting bad Yeah, there's a penalty is called I know we gotta go to commercial there right away See me see okay And Bob Kool says penalty on Toronto coming up We come back from commercial break and there's two Sabers sitting in a penalty box Nice going Kujo What game are you watching man? I know you're 100 years old Well what game are you watching Bob? 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in South Miami, hello Hey Neil, how's it going? Pretty good sir I don't know what you should want to touch base on first I want to let it go I'm control But I think if there's a guide A little punk that's laid attic in Skywalkers Gonna end up in a 12 step support group program About four years And then six years from now he's gonna live the same state It's Buffy from family affair no deon heroin Good That's it there to God I'm going control I'm listening because I didn't see you I'm not going to see you I wouldn't I only went because it was free Didn't have to stand a line I just moved to the through all the hype There you go I saw the other three But I think that's great If you get like you know some kind of a freebie And you don't have to wait online That's fine You know you're a virgin We like freebie It's great all these are I learned in three Fans that are taking days off work And like I say that I already started all that But done control I don't I don't I don't agree with you on that I don't think that the you don't agree with me What? Well from this from the from what I heard you say I you're four done control Of course See I don't have to I'm coming to let me see your let me ask you a question Okay, how can you be against regulating guns Don't we regulate cars? Not okay regulating yeah I don't think that we should make it almost impossible For an American system to get a gun It should be very very hard There should be extantuating circumstances Before anybody gets a handgun Why is that? I mean you have these local police departments Forming a Third world They're forming a list of the size of third world countries With ammunition But you don't want the people to have guns Yeah I mean the government so what happens when the you know The government runs a muck And the third you were Sir, it's a piece We have all you all you got Huggers keep coming up with the same Cock-eyed I'm laying stuff about when the government runs a muck Okay the government has got tanks They've got bombs You you and your little pistol of their pal I hate to break the news to you But I mean if that's the confidence that If you American people have in their government That what's the point why do we just have anarchy Well I don't have a point Confidence in our government And we are we're on the brink of anarchy Me any by whom? Who are who are we on the brink of anarchy by? By By scumbags with guns Not by the government No it's the politicians that are that are just Okay, thank you sir. Thank you very much Woo Man I don't want to say he's a gun hugger And then what he said I'm not a gun hugger He's just off in a twilight zone baby God When government runs a muck That's right everybody pack your piece You've been brainwashed pad you grown up in a culture of guns In a culture of violence and shooting crazy people And you're buying into it But he at least don't like Star Wars Let's hear it 21 before one at five sixty wqam I'll tell you one thing I'm starting to feel a little bit better Is it the launcher was it the company I had today Seriously, you tell him if jpe would come in your everyday I would feel a little bit better Even if it's just to say hello for like 30 seconds That's long enough I was wondering before you know I'm wondering if when somebody looks that good Are they standing from the mirror like after they get out of the shower in the morning They stand naked in the mirror and look at themselves and wrap their arms around themselves Huh? No sir, have you ever thought about that when somebody looks that good And you look at the mirror and you like you know squeeze yourself a little bit That's osc Well, I still are Anyway if your carpets aren't looking too good If you're back Uh-huh Well, we're 10 more beers And I've got no beer Only a weird no man don't be for me The vibe you're lip And the rule that's clear To acquire safe that leaves you empty All right The keys will leave this good dead We think that it's pain But like a safe man I'm so chill in your rain It's right there It tastes like a tan If you think The streets and things are right behind me Your moon is shining on the face Take a soft candy to me Well, say that it's brave The sunglasses I do tell you Makes the hair of my dad's fan's drape Now while the real thru-perjum I've come off in your roof burn These are the dust you took into the picture I've got a must-have seat A B-B A friend told me number two I heard you yelling chakak But I prefer you to What? If they psychoped into the window We didn't wait through that deal Don't move inside it on me Take a soft candy to me Now put away that pay while controlling I'm growing inside Just being outbound hurt you Think that it's not delusive When I think real and hard to move to you And I watch it all down with it's not true Are you? When will I do? These men feeling like a man You'll find it hard to sit down And I get done with your can Take a soft candy to me We didn't wait through that deal You're moving inside it on the face ====<|en|> And when I come to these apples this Like, a Road Government These kids are fresh They do we make them such a big effort Oh, but if we get a rogue government and they take away our guns, what do we do then? How about a P-shooter sir? You jackass? Here's a fact that says if that gunloving asshole collar thinks the US government is going to run a muck that you should move the euro for Canada where there are no guns and the citizens have more faith than their governments. What a complete brainwashed asshole. It says I hope somebody shoots him. Oh, there you go. Oh, yeah, just a really on that because your brainwash just like the god bull crap, okay? Brainwash, use your brain, think a minute. And your redor statistics about all these kids, not not talking about kids in the school kids accidentally shooting each other. 2300 of them in one year. Wow, you know. We can't, that's the price you have to pay for freedom. There's always kids' lives for the rest of us to be free. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. And like I said before, you're not going to change it. I mean, you know, we can make little changes in the laws and it can just barely get any of those through because of the tremendous power of the NRA lobby, the gunmutt lobby. But it's in great, it's in there, baby. It's as American as Apple pie. It's part of the American, I'm hearing from you too. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Anyhow, you doing? Okay, sir. I've listened to your show quite a bit, but I don't know if I've heard anything to rival the comment that was made earlier by the guy talking about the profundity. Of start track. Yeah. You don't have to, you don't have to. You don't have to. You have to. I don't have to. I have to. And almost as far as I can, profound points on is here. They're pretty profound. Without any question. I will say one thing. Jerry Ryan does have a profound set of knockers on her, but it didn't rates. Yes. The reason that I was calling is I was wondering if you happen to see that. I've really, really. Again, about the legislature passing the choose life. Oh, I have a whole thing on that here. Yeah. I got it. Well, again, the pigeons are coming home to. We've got to get a great column on that, which I got right here. I'll save it for tomorrow because I don't have much voice today. That's in today's paper. I haven't had a chance to say. Oh, this was over the weekend. Okay. In the here. Yeah. Well, that that was something. Unfortunately, I missed, but again, the morons that the people of the state of Florida elected to their legislature have rolled over and stuck their rectum in the air. Right. Right. And this governor is exactly what I told you. He was going to be easy. Right wing fascist pig. And, you know, they're going to shove all this stuff through school vouchers. They're going to do their best to destroy the public education system. And then the choose life business where they're pro their anti abortion thing. I mean, I don't know why anybody should be surprised that this is what we got with Jeb Bush and his cronies. The guy can't wait to sell out to the NRA and religious nuts right in this state. And unfortunately, the rational, normal human beings like you and I are going to wind up having to pay the paper for this asshole. Pay the paper on pay KPX. Okay. Have a great day, sir. It's pepper high charging for that. Is that all? By the way, speaking of assholes, Rosalind Carter, I was wondering about something named Rosalind. You know, what an asshole this bitch is. Wait to hear this story, kiss your Mr. Rosalind Carter is criticizing candy maker Nestle as incentive to the mentally ill for producing Taffy bars with the names Psycho Sam and Luni Larry. Nestle says those names are just jokes. They don't hurt, but they do hurt the former First Lady said Thursday. They hurt people who are mentally ill and they hurt their families. Carter, author of a new book on treatment of the mentally ill, I guess you must know because they had the Billy Carter and that family. Made her remarks during a fundraising lunch in for mental health counseling in East Windsor, Connecticut. Nestle spokesman Trisha Bull said, there's no disrespect to Wil and 10 of the company's candy names, which are created out of humor. The first names are characters on the packaging with funny faces. She said, but don't confuse Rosalind with that because she don't have a sense of humor. She's a stupid uptight bitch. I guess Luni Tundas got to have to change their name too, right? Yeah, there you go. Psycho Sam and Luni Larry, they're insensitive toward the mentally ill. Another politically correct pile of crap from Rosalind Carter with a personality like a dead bitch. Here's a mobile in Miami. Oh, sorry, coming back. We're on that line, a crap again. Oh man, when I stop and think, I better not stop and think about all the lives that have been peddled in me in this place because like I said, I don't care anymore. Thank God, I don't care. Thank the Lord for that. Greg Reed, who sticks his head into door here about now and I, oh yeah, Star Wars, I started was great. There's a big thumbs up. How about a thumb up your echo? We'll be there to wake you up a little bit. Okay. With his great phone system. Oh, yes. State of the Artists. We're getting a new phone system. We're going to do this 50,000 watts. Did they do any of these things? No, no. Does he care? No, no. Did the sales pit is ready? No, no. 560, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hello, New. Yes. How you feeling? I'm okay. I just wish I could talk a little better. Tomorrow I'll be great. Oh, cool. Hey, I'm the guy that gives you stats during the Panther games. I just this first time I've got a hold of you to see how you enjoy. I don't give me any more Panther stats. Oh, I'm actually in that game. If you give me the out of the past up, I appreciate that very much. But not Panther dropping, right? Okay. I didn't know which you like. Is that going to come all the way down from the press box? Oh, I know. Well, I know. I know. I know. Cool. Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag? Yes, sir. Ron Schultz is a poker raising douchebag. Okay. Okay. See you next season. Sir, the Macarena. Notice the tremendous excitement and response to raise about the hog. In fact, you got to turn to the left inside page of the sports section. The Harold, Steven Ren thing about it today. That's how hockey intensive they are here. Because they got too many cops. Too many guys would not have to say writing columns today. Like red coat text and Michael Holden, Mayo. Six hundred open lines here. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one. See, we got on the gun thing and right away they all ran away. Because they all disagree. They all think I'm crazy. When we have that rogue government gets out of control, you better be packing your piece, Mr. And all the poor innocent people that are going to get killed at the meantime. Because we have all kinds of irresponsible lunatics running around with guns. Well, that's just a price you pay for eternal vigilance. That sounds good. That sounds pretty good. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Yeah. Yes, sir. How's it going there? Okay. Any other? Any other? No, I haven't. No. We need it back down here. He's not coming back here. Still is the Los Angeles sir. He's at KFI. He's not coming back. And if I would have been lucky enough to get out of here, I wouldn't come back either. Do you understand that sir? He's not coming back. Are you sure positive? That is the spot was either there. I don't go for what that may for TV crap. Okay. Okay. Give me my best regards. We love him. But he's not here in congratulations to him. Don't you love that? Oh, we got to have him back. He's not coming back. He ain't coming back. F-D-R-A-R-A-T-L-A-K-E-E-R-A-K-E-E-R-K. 5-6-705-60, pound-5-60, on a mobile one line. Mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hey there. Yes sir. I just want to let you know my wife came up with a good bumper sticker. I think you might enjoy. Okay. Make the world a safer place. Shoot in in our A-Member. There you go. See you later. Okay, thank you. Of course, that's only figuratively speaking actually. Don't think just figuratively speaking in the little dose of the role of medicine. When the role of government takes over, then you better watch it pal. Rogue government. I mean, all these years, you know. All these years we've somehow survived over 200 years. And when we have a president who like gets a few blow jobs, we even, you know, are in the verge of getting his ass out of office. I mean, it's just so idiotic. And the sad part of it is that there are so many of you out there. You're nothing but automaton. You're just taking up space because you don't have a brain of your own. All you do is you think and you speak and you utter what you heard somebody else say. You're like a bunch of pericates. You're like a bunch of minibirds. Somebody says some patently ridiculous, irresponsible, idiotic thing. And right away, you're out there repeating it. Especially if it's a cliche. Oh, when a rogue government comes along. What do you just say? Well, 56. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. Hello, citizens. This is Batman. You know, even though I'm a fictional character, the Y2K problem is real. In other words, I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K. So, what can you do, John and Jane Phillipson? Hattep, that's why. If you have the time right now, one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl. Yally, why do you K? Why me? I just get it. You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue do you? Ha! I can tell you now. Suck up on ten goods. Then, withdraw all your cash from the bank and bury it in the backyard. What? The capital of your Hamlet K9 friend? Show your computer. It'll be about as useful as the fat signal at noon. You might as well get some money out of it now, so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline. But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin. Like suck it down thinking it's tasty. Then, you gotta get his stomach pumped. By rushing to the emergency room, I knew don't want to do it in costume because people tend to laugh at that man when he's not on the civil street fire in drive and they all lose these robins because his outfit is so gay. But I digress. This is Batman. When it comes to why do K? Don't be a Joker. Well, I think it's five fifty WQAM. So anyway, speaking of the why do K? Where are we going to get the programs to modify our computers or PCs? Are they out? What do you look at me like that? You don't need one, you have a new computer. Are you sure? Positive. Are you sure? Yeah. Yeah. As of when, when did they start changing the chips? As in like a year or two ago. Oh. Are you sure? Yes. Or should I just wait until January 1st? And by the way, January 1st comes on a Saturday next year. Are you aware of that? No. So guess what? The banks will be closed just about. Well, guess it's New Year's Day anyway. The banks are always closed. No matter what they are was. Oh, my god. We won't be here because it's January 1st no matter what they were was. But it's on a Saturday. Now I'm thinking of myself all these assholes. Every time Brian R. Cross gets on TV and starts people hyper-vendolating. I've had that, you know, because there's a hurricane about 2000 miles away that might hit here. And you see the average behavior of the public, the grotesque unacceptable hoarding of lumber and water and batteries and can goods and cleaning off the shelves in the supermarket. Have you ever got in the commodity that money could buy? You see that? Now that's small potatoes. That's nothing. Compared to the hysteria that's going to be built over this wide too casing. So I got news for you. Let's start hoarding now. Oh, god. Good thing I got a good end with my friends over there at publics. They used to be my friends. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I was wondering if you remember our tree bunkers cure for hijacking? What was that? You said, well, you have to do it's arm all the passengers that way. The hijackers don't have an advantage. Right. There you go. I agree with the gun control, but you've got to admit, you know, it wouldn't made a difference in common buying. I mean, they violate all types of law. Right. I didn't say what it made a difference. But just the easy access against everybody in the irresponsible people are kind of like leaving laying around and being able to go out and buy them a gun show. It might have made a difference out there because the girlfriend bought two or three of the weapons that a gun show. It might have made a difference. Yeah, but they plan the way ahead of time. Yeah, you're right. They plan to do your head. You're right. When you're dealing with crazy people, it doesn't make any different timing laws. Right. You're right. But also what's that is Democrats trying to get to look at a banish because they're all there's been about 100,000 violations of existing gun control laws. So it's a path to last year. Right. And that there only been 13 prosecutions. Yeah. And that's what they're interested in. Right. More interested in getting the federal law full of crap. That's absolutely correct. And one way to put down on the gun violence a lot of is the drug trade. If you legalize drugs, you wouldn't have these war. Oh, now you're starting to make too much sense like Jesse the body of venture up there. Minnesota says the same thing in God bless him. I say Jesse for president right now. I agree with you. Okay. You don't have liquor stores having shoot outs. I know they're applying spots. Like you do with the drug trade. Okay. We'd like to pal. Okay. Anybody got shot. Let me over a big gulp. Hey, by the way, here's a good facts from Ed and Highly who says in the wake of another school shooting. There are the inevitable letters in the gun lovers presenting their tired old arguments against any form of gun control whatsoever. There was of course the pathetic guns don't kill people, etc. So we're going to be heard over and over again like some kind of mantra. Yes, I agree guns don't kill people. It's so small and incredibly fast moving objects called bullets that kill people. However, I don't want to confuse and I remember the facts. This is in the Highly. How about crazy people with guns? How about irresponsible people with guns? How about kids with guns? Let me say it again. Childproof aspirin bottles, childproof cigarette ladders. But we sure as hell I have to have a big discussion argument about childproof guns. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Totally agree with you. Why is it that everybody that I know that owns a gun is a total leak in psychopaths? Yeah. I mean, I have a business that got robbed and a couple of my friends had owned guns. Well, now you're going to go out and buy a gun. It's like, what am I going to do with this gun if somebody comes in and it robes me? I was first of all even though there's psychodes robbing me. I would feel horrible for killing them first of all. The second of all, I don't see any need of owning a gun in the first place. I mean, we're not going to be taking over. We're not going to have a coup de ton be taking over anytime soon. They're just psychopaths and soles. Okay, and God bless you, sir. Whatever you said. Okay, get the address and we'll give the more his places located because he's unarmed. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Boy, here my voice making a big comeback. It was either the pizza from our good friend Brad at Tony's. It was either that. Or it's just that my spirit had been lifted because, and by the way, Corey, say it. If you're listening, you're a good guy, Corey, but you're out. You know, you're yesterday's news. You're a little bit too cruel. Maybe I could shave. Yeah, it won't help. Here's a mobile and home stood. Hello. Yeah, sir. I'll head in to that. Okay. 27 years old, in listening to you, since I was 16, when I discovered you back, but then, oh, right. And you've been adding, enjoy me to my daily commute because I have to drive a lot. I've part of my job. Oh, God. But the problem is, after two o'clock, there's just a big boy in the radio. I got a stupid deal. I got to just, like, I guess, hums for myself. Well, you got to start thinking about important things in life like that. Very young, gator team that went in there, you know, and things like that. Yeah, I saw a star worse yesterday. And I was disappointed. I love the three that came out years and years ago, but this one that came out, I mean, yeah, the special effects are great, but it's just so obvious, anybody with half a brain that's a plot, the story was severely lacking. And in other words, there really wasn't a need for this other than George Lucas wanted to make another very young dollars. I mean, it had potential to be something. It's for, I don't know where he went wrong, but it just didn't, you know, hold it down. Okay. And if you noticed on interviews with Lucas on any TV interview, the guy, he kind of comes across a little bit arrogant and totally laughed. Very arrogant, completely and totally 500% arrogant. He lacks some charisma, I don't know if it's because he knew this movie was going to stay, or I can outer space Oliver's stolen to me. Or maybe that's just how he normally is. And, and, and closing, I just want to say that I think, uh, Rosio Donald should put a sock in it. Okay. And have a great day. You too. Okay. Dice of America revolt because Rosio Donald's putting a sock in it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the ATT wireless line. And he's a great crusader, baby. This big fat disgusting, no talent, Dike. And he, like I said last week, even though I agree with what she was saying, I mean, who the hell is she? And especially to be ambushing a good upstanding American, like Tom Solaq. Because I was thinking to myself over the weekend, isn't it about time that Ellen DeGeneres and Tom Solaq made a movie? Huh? And what kind of a comment is that? What kind of a statement is that to silly dumb ass, Dike, Ellen? Oh, you know, everybody in Hollywood has been saying it for years. It's saying what? That you're an embarrassing bull bike, is that what they've been saying like it was like the whole Ellen thing was like something kind of a surprise? God. Next, there'll be a lesbian show with Lily Tom on on here. Woo! Wow. No. By the way, how's Scott Wolf doing? 10 minutes after one at 5, 60 WQMU. I'm not on, like, six-fifth. In video stores now. From the producer of Star Wars and the director of Star Trek, it's Star Trek. The Empire Strikes Back. The Empire shall be over throw in the course. He can be Spock. Sir, would you mind explaining that statement please? He can be. The Empire's Knight is a but quite impossent. As a victim to you, as your empire is illogical. Wait me, Kirk. I wonder what Star Trek command was saying about that. Star Trek, the Empire Strikes Back. Spock. I am your father. It seems they're fine, sexual. Not just, probably. Yes. I wonder what Star Trek command was saying about that. Our product factor here with all the bio information and movie information. Fact is this a thing about George Lucas, which we could live with on. Which I'm not gonna waste my time reading about George Lucas, but I did notice out of the core of my eye. It's about him in the page. It says he's an asshole. Yeah. Err against self-servings. Just a pop-as-piece of crap. Crap-y job, George, but enjoy all the money. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the fact that says the people talking about the rogue government remind me of Joe McCarthy and all the county which under the 50s. They claim to be pro-american, but they apparently have sense of a little faith in the government, but they suspect we will be taken over whatever that means. By the way, those of us in that rogue government have devices which can cook your internal organs. Each your flesh from the inside out, or simply vaporize you, and we can do it from a computer thousands of miles away. Try shooting at that with your little gun. Alright! Yeah! You can do what? Yeah, they can do it. So don't worry about your rogue government. Okay, just go step in a line and cut the crap and put that stupid piece down already. Wait a minute. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. That's good. I just wanted to talk to you about the gun control thing because that was in the medical court. The military. And why anyone who want to go out and buy a gun after what I've seen. Because I don't think they realize the finality of situation. They want you pull the trigger. That's it. You can't take it back and say, I'm sorry. I did this. You can't like that. And I just see no use for it at all. Especially when, like I say, if you could see the actual carons that goes on and things like that is terrible. Yeah. And I hate to see anybody have to go through that. But you know, I could say they glorified on television. But we, you know, you saw all those kids in Colorado that being wheeled out. Some of whom didn't make it. And then a kid falling out the window, you know, that Patrick Ireland kid falls out the window with blood oozing from all parts of his body. And, you know, it was news for a few days. And they had a couple of town meetings about it. Everybody got sufficiently crazy about it for a few days. And now let's move back to John Beneer or something else. That's American public. That's their mentality. Their attention span is about as long as they're nose. Right. This is true. I agree with that wholeheartedly. But like I say, if they could actually see it first day, I wish there was some way you could put them in the situation. You know, without having the guns there, something like that, make it virtual gun ownership or something like this. Yeah. Somehow experience this and realize that there is no coming back from this. Maybe a big flesh wound in the thigh, you know. Kind of a shot can just, I think it's a ratitude. This is true. Okay, pal. Take care. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. I've been nurse back to health here today and it worked like a charm. I feel like almost bringing my bet you buy tomorrow field. Come in in five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Oh, there's a line in again. Like I said. See, don't get excited. Don't get upset. You're making a nice comeback. Your voice is coming back. You're getting over this cold. Whatever an hell it is. Don't get upset because you work for a cheap batch, much of bastard who don't want to put in a real phone system that really works. So instead you have to suffer through this embarrassment and just keep in mind. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a crap. This Greg Reed care. No. Does our program director is not a bad guy, but does he care? No. Does the sales department care? No. Does anybody, does the bees Lee's over there in the, where have they, are in Naples do they care? No. So why the house should I care? Call us back. Okay. I'll tell you a line up on another line. That's all I can tell you. And I apologize profusely for the ineptitude of this getner phone system. A piece of direct that I wouldn't wish on Hitler. I wouldn't wish it on ediamene.da. 567.056. The pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Lift. I just wanted to make a comment on that. One Friday show about the millennium. Yeah. Perfect way to sum it up. Sounds just like the obit, obit and textile. Obit and custo, yeah. Who's the first? Who's the first? Right. And it just cracked me off. The only problem is though, this wasn't the joke. These people were serious. That's the worst part. They were serious. Yeah. And they were called. They argued tooth and nail for four hours. 99% of the colors that they were. Absolutely incorrect. They were all wrong. They were full of crap. They didn't know what they were talking about. And in the phones right here like it was the end of the world. Like this was really something important. Yeah. And I heard you laughing. And I was laughing too. I couldn't believe that the people were calling. And it sounded like a merry-go-round. Yeah. And anyway, it's far as concrete control. They're never going to follow. You're right. Gun control is just, you know what Gun control is like. It's like the middle east thing. The George was talking to him Friday about. All of the Israelis should give the land back. Which I consider in the debate there for a river. There's no point in talking about it. Middle east peace is an oxymoron. It's not going to happen. To since the beginning of recorded time, those people are moving. Does he kill each other? Usually it got direction. So what's the point? I mean, granted, we need to keep doing whatever little things we can do to try to make it a little bit better. But you're never going to really solve the problem because it's already great as a part of a market society. It's part of the American psyche. They love their guns. They want their guns. Very swishr there. He goes to the airport in Dallas. He's got a gun and he's got the suitcase. Well, you know, he forgot. Yeah. He's a good old boy. He loves his peace. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T while we're lying. Whatever it is, we got hand-goer. We're good too. We got your manager six. We got the Marlon to the Cubs. Later on tonight. Anybody interested? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was calling with your confirms about your computer being ready for a walk. Yes, I am. What you can do is go ahead and change the date on the computer and do the tell you like on one of my programs that is in our valid state. I know I have to get an upgrade for that program, but you just want to test the system itself to change the date on your computer and the L.T. If you put in the year 2000, it says in our valid date, you'll know it's not ready. And if it doesn't pay, you'll know it's fine. Okay. All right. All right. Let's just have to know that I can come in and picture about tomorrow when my computer crash and then you back to your stuff up anyway, don't you? Yeah. Okay. So even if it does crash, who cares? Right. But you just got to tell me before I don't have to work. I got to go compact, pressurial way that I bought about a year ago. Huh? It's okay. But why don't they tell you that? Why don't I know that? Do they tell you that? Did anybody say, oh, guess what? This is already Y2K compliant. And it's been updated and you won't have to, I see that on some things. But it's like it's all part of the big talk that's been going on for years when they figured out that this was a problem with the older computers. Yeah. That's the bottom line. Like you were being treated right at that, you have, what is it? Like that piece of garbage you got? Right. Exactly. That's exactly the same. I'm going to have to put that out back on New Year's Eve. I already put it out back once that you went in the garbage and you took it. I picked it up. 567560, pound 560 on the ATT Wireless line. You're kind of like my maid. Anything I'm going to throw out. ATT she finds anywhere near the trash. Oh, you don't want to throw that out. You don't want that out, take it. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Any of that? Got nothing that's to call it up earlier about the statistics. The 11,000 violations and only 13 prosecuted? Yeah. Well, on CNN this morning, he got that out of CNN and there's something. Oh, they, they, they're right. When there's been periting that thing for weeks now ever since the Colorado shooting had been repeating that same statistic over and over again. Well, this morning on CNN had this lock year guy from NRA, right? They was only 6,000. That's this morning. So we've gotten the next for 5,000 since this morning of newscast. Uh-huh. And what they don't tell you is the 13 prosecuted were the only federal violations. You know, they don't really have a prosecuted state violation. Right. That's right. They got it from most of them are not at the federal level. That's absolutely correct. I mean, you know, they just put them there. It's more political. You know, I remember when I was kid, NRA was done with it. You know, I tell, let's see how much money we can make. Right. How many wars is this there? Guy this president, Len, all right, Benim. Well, he's a politician. He's not a, uh, just has to guy. I want to work. He's been in the mood. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Yeah, this Wayne Lopier guy, this guy's making around. He's done every one of the talking he had chosen. It just goes on and on. You can't have a rational debate with these people. These are crazy people. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's interesting that there's so many of the same people who are the God people and the fetus people. All, you know, the same agenda. Crazy people. All by the way, getting back to Governor Booch. I'm not going to re-else. The column for tomorrow. But over the weekend, Steve Boschke and a hero that a great column. Auto tag could cost jab dearly. Governor jab Bush is about to use a valuable goodwill with Floridians and give them him a crack so much needed ammunition. All because of two little words. Choose life. Bush will soon sign it a law. A license plate with that slogan, which supporters say promotes adoption. But which critics see as a thinly veiled anti-borsion slow-geneering. The idea sounds so innocuous yet it is emotionally supercharge. And will cost Bush dearly in terms of his popularity. Oh, yes. Because now he's taken off the mask. He's showing us for exactly what he is. Which I knew right there. You know, a leopard can't change his spot. He's the right win for an attic. Choose life on a license plate made by the goddamn state of Florida. And their assholes out there. Oh, we didn't understand what's wrong with that. Next thing that you know, they'll be coming out with a bumper sticker with a license plate that says, Choose guns. God, I'm gagging on it. 560-50560. 560. And beat that gator knee. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jason. I'm here to tell you a little something about HANGO. They scared their sh** out of people. Intimidate damage, giving you whatever you want. That's right. HANGO. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't ever know money for fear? Pull up a convenience. Take chips and pretzels while you're at it. It's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? HANGO. The simple solution of life's complex process. Why have to do is wait to five days for it. And happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait to five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of HANGO. It's a great alternative. The working problems out. If he considered a population control. Yes, HANGO. They just might make a thing. Why would you just play that soul show where we date for the next year? This on a endless loop. And see, America, what they liked it was they liked to ring their hands and have a lot of funerals and a lot of people crying. And we see it on the nightly news. And everybody, oh, gee, they know the gun was loaded. They shouldn't have left it out. And Connie was just, yeah. And then they'll have it again the next day. You know? We got forbidden, but should do something about that. Here's a facts from Aaron, by the way, age 20, who says you're full of cramped George. He says, Star Wars is a sci-fi space soap opera. If you'd like the first three installments, I didn't enjoy the fan of men as the new sur, have fallen for the hype. Star Wars is a fantasy adventure movie. What did everyone expect? Is everyone gone mad? If you watched the first three, you'll notice the story wasn't great. The acting was poor and the ead dialogue was below average. What made Star Wars great was, it was ahead of its time. I noticed that Aaron had a letter ahead of the word it's, and then he crossed it on. You think it might have been a T, it's front of it. Well, nevertheless, it was ahead of its time. The special effects was something no one had ever seen before. The first three had a magical feeling that I believe the Phantom Men is most definitely captured. So basically, if it didn't like it, you didn't get it. It's not for you, it's sort of on so on. High pipe, whatever that means. I've seen it twice, I called earlier. Well, that was the him that called before. I have a life, I didn't dress up for movie openings, I don't purchase Lucas Ars Mortonized. Don't even buy their so-called refreshments that cost $100 a kernel. But Star Wars was entertainment, pure fun. If you want plot, read Tom Clancy, since Aaron's 20 years old, I didn't like that. Huh? The acting was crappy. There were no characters except for anybody. Anybody in the movie that had big it's. Huh? Yeah, Java. He said it was good. He's a kid. And it's supposed to be for kids. What's there you go? What did I tell you last week? When you said you were going to go now, granted it was a freebie and so on. But what did I say? This isn't for you. This movie is for kids. But I'm an overgrown kid. I can enjoy it on a juvenile level. It was crappy except for that lighthead. Yeah. Uh-oh, I better shut up now. Yeah, you better shut up because now you got real problems on your angel. And Joe Costello just came in. He just went to services by the way, would Jeff Gordon. Just got baptized again. He stuck it in the water. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. I'm going to tell you how you doing. Okay, sir. Glad you're feeling better. I'm feeling great. Ever since I had the visit from GP at noon time, I feel fantastic. I'm feeling great. You know, it's funny that the government is very conflicting. We're talking about it. Don't blame me. I'm just going to put in a lot of strength and you're going to be the first of all. They'll take you into military at 18 put a gun in your hand and you overseas. Yes, and allow you to fill anybody. You want to try to get by Pakistan's a bottle of beer right? Absolutely because I was in a military and I found that very confusing. When you're on base, you can't even go in and buy a beverage. How do you like that? You can fight for your country which you can't buy an alcoholic beverage. But on the other hand, we will take you as a teenager. you a learner's permit put you behind the wheel of whatever size automobile it is right and let you go out and kill whoever you want absolutely correct you know and then you know more more kids or people old and young have been killed by automobiles they may know all by good and they're they're not doing anything they're not not hot in a chaintica as you say to do anything about that to restrict the drivers you know you talked about it on your show a few times about how these older people senior citizens yes nursing all right you said nursing all good drivers life of renew their life those for four years or more without taking an eye exam so I want to tell you something there are people in their mid and late eighties who because they don't get a ticket because they almost never drive thank God they get a six-year renewal in the mail from the state of Florida they get a six-year licensory new will in the mail the automatic who could be blind they could be deaf they could be completely they could be whatever and they get a license for six years in the mail well you know I am a friend that works at the license division in the North Day Justice Center in Miami yeah and you see those old people that live over in that adventure era come in there and they come out and they're taking the eye exam there and I mean they give them three four five chances it works once that big letter either in the middle okay tell me what that e-vis there in the middle that real big one it's about six feet a eye what is it I wait and of course they're not even looking they're looking at the wrong wall because they can't see which wall the chart is on you know it's it's funny there there's not gonna be your right there's never gonna be a subtle solution to gun control because nobody's ever gonna give them up but what we got to look back at it is these walls that were being that you know what that would be like that would be like if a tomorrow Congress tried to pass a bill to outlaw hot dogs and hamburgers there's as much change that real serious gun control legislation will ever pass it's part of the American mentality is never gonna go away yeah oh I definitely agree but you know what that that's the society that we live in like right yeah water house yeah but your shop that's right yeah it's the American effin wet right we know it have a great day no blooder film that in text one what are we getting the mail or Georgie I think that I see we got a disc there that's good yeah well what's in the big part it's got your name on it and it's pretty big it's big I'm wearing the like medium size myself five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line you know it makes for a good verbal whatever all this talk about these things but that's all it is it's just talk pop pop pop because it's America man and and God forbid that anybody in America should say hey guess what this is in the very civilized place that we're living in which haven't done you for years it's a slaughterhouse oh you can't say that because then you want patriotic and God will know as what kind of flag you might might be hanging from the review mirror at least that's right commoners to come in is the nice flag from a cuba or Puerto Rico by the way or Brazil oh yeah they're having a big to do about that I noticed in Broward County certain areas about what kind of flags people are displaying it or business oh my god this should be the most important thing that we got to worry about first we had our flag problem now we got a flag problem Christ here's Moka hello okay yes yes yes I mean yes they're speaking me yeah just as a comment I was just totaled on a motorcycle by a ninety five year old man oh the first comment was did I hit you uh the nerve to plead not guilty to the ticket and the judge had a letter morph because he technically was written up as following too close and it seems to take the call of the law is that if one vehicle is stopped which I was it's an inappropriate ticket so because the captain know the law of the sky ninety five years old oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh nice in addition to which I'd like to ask you're opinion I've been robbed twice at gunpoint once in New York yeah and once here in Florida right in Boko Ritton yes and I don't have a carry permit and I have several guns right yeah I'm like laying around the house somewhere no they're in a lock safe or four thousand pound safe yes my comment is that the police in both cases told me that I was on my own to defend myself in their absence although to busy right in tickets except a ninety four of your old guys at the knock you off your motorcycle yeah could you give me a reasonable solution other than people having to defend yes or I will see you at the passport office about four o'clock good luck to you well I mean he's laughing but that's the answer if you want a solution you moved to a place where the people are barbarians and not everybody's running around the one shoot me each other and we don't have a bunch of crazy people out there holding up liquor stores and convenience stores and the shoot-knuppin neighborhoods and selling little kids any other stuff that's the answer in America there is no answer and is never gonna be any oh geotein at well to truth it's the truth and like I said before they let the guy damn indians just that I mean if they let the Palestinians have casino gambling like they did with the Indians maybe they could pass a fine for a little while they got the perfect setting what's more perfect than a casino in the desert oh ah work for my or landscape like a charme and bugsy seegle I don't think he's worked for them why can't it work over there I say like you said I'm Friday let's get the Jews and the herbs together okay the Jews can handle the business and the things and the herbs can handle the uh... you know they know they can handle the clothing yeah the entertainment the dress code oh by the way it's an interesting point that you missed you know the herbs are pissed off the only problem being that these crazy herbs the terrorist over there they don't attack the people at a responsible they blow up a little kids in buses they blow up planes with people are totally uninvolved you know like innocent bystanders so it's a good idea like you said don't get a pissed off because they do have a barbaric things maybe that's why they dress like that all the release of circumspect twenty one before two at five sixty w q a mf san grief i A bikini is what I wear. You better watch up with a glare. Yeah, I've been too deppered up all with your long-now. Toast in my fun. You know, the one sure sign it's springtime. It's the side of my behind. What I lay out today at the cream and roll away. When they look down and shine, My face is my sign. Don't think right. How can anything be that wide? I can't watch them off and off and off. They ain't putting on a wild and creepy thing. They do my best eyes. No, but I hear it. No, but if you had it, do my best eyes. No, no, not the one. No, no, it's the other. You look like a blind, way away until I'm pale. I'm a pity. I'm a pity, right? I'm a dream-drill-away. You don't need to be afraid. I'm like a DJ from Japan. I'm a DJ. I want a dance and that's real. I just hope I don't start to be. How is it now? What are you talking about? 145. Here's something I want to tell AC and the matter of be station in America playing Shot Kick in music. Send that over to kiss. all those country western song parody that really blew in the second half yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teahat while they can all be great here's crossbrings hello crossbrings hello yes sir speak to me you know I just wanted to say on the gun control issue yeah I'm a former and I remember I served over the assault weapon issue but I do feel that people should have the right to have a handgun only for one reason yeah I grew up in a neighborhood that was filled with a lot of Jewish refugees from World War II yeah and you know I would hear stories as a child they would say you know when the Nazis came up the stairs they wish they had guns to defend themselves and I think the war so I get a uprising proves that as well I know you just have to do's have guns well that would be my choice okay okay sounds good to me but the point I like you in a play you think a government might not come and do that well if you talk to the average German Jew in 1931 think we're laughing at Hitler is being a Charlie Chaplin like so yeah sir I got news for our plenty of those two women's doing exactly what he was all about and they were loving it they sucked it up like no there was no tomorrow but I'm just saying exactly what is all about if somebody's gonna come and get me and drag my family I want to have a reasonable chance of and myself well you do understand that the hand if this if we have to start with a keep calling a rogue government they're not gonna come after you with BB guns okay they're not gonna come after you with handgun of course huh I'm sure you're trying to understand how they have to be in the wake up yeah I understand that but the point is I do feel that a person is responsible for defending themselves I'm not saying you're not in life you have to make choices and you have to you have to look at balance okay is there a greater chance that we're gonna lose thousands and thousands of more young and other innocent people because of the proliferation of every kind of gun is there a greater chance of that or is there a greater chance that this so-called rogue government is gonna take over this country I mean is there any questions to the answer that question I agree that you're absolutely correct yeah however I also think that you know the proliferation of guns is so great and ubiquitous that we would do that. Yeah we would do that. We have to watch tomorrow the people who are like me I'm a law buying citizen they tell me to turn it in I'll go turn it up. But if it is a very least I'm not suggesting that that's gonna happen but if the very least I don't you agree that you have to be responsible if somebody's in a lot you have a gun absolutely absolutely I think you have to be responsible and if you have children I think you have to be responsible to train them as well and I have friends that have children have and guns in the house and the kids have never had a problem so it goes back to for a while. You want to go buy a car any illegal alien gets off of an animal if they got enough money or somebody gives him some money they can go and buy a car they can get a driver's license they can get a registration they can go out there in a highway and they can need like the guy said before go out and maybe kill a few people no problem at all but at least there are few steps in the middle though you got to take a test you got to go through you know get a registration in a license. They have that meal huh if they had a thing where you have to take a class like you do to carry it and feel the weapon yeah I'd be all for it. Okay see you in class. See you in Hebrew school. Well I know that's what we're gonna do we're gonna solve the problem only Jews are gonna have guns how do you like that. And all you go I'm now like I said it levels the playing field in scarcers definitely no guns for scarcers. 5 6 7 0 5 6 well OJ was creative he found another way. 5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T Wireless line here's Hollywood hello. I do I know. Okay sir. I just thought a topic of OJ was just on you. Did you see the interview last night with his girlfriend's mom? No. He's a girlfriend's mom. No. No. No. He's a girlfriend. No. He's a girlfriend. Yeah she's all been out of shape. Right the girls dying are here now and I can just like an encologist for him and she was down her visiting them and actually witnessed OJ doing pot in front of them and saying that drugs were cool. Not enough of them we've been reading about the cocaine. Not even that. Exactly. You know also there was a fight between the daughter and the girlfriend. Right which did the daughter. And that's all that's been in the tabloids for weeks you gotta read those tabloids man. Anyway. I don't know what I'm getting at is that OJ said mommy is dead. Yeah that's what he told her. The daughter. Don't worry about mommy mommy is dead. Oh man. Yeah that was kind of a calling today. You know he's appalling to begin with. He's got no shame. No guilt, no shame. I know. And he runs around here with our friend. Roller. I can be either assholes that work in this place and we're pretty pissed off about it. I saw him at the golf course. I worked at two weeks ago he was down there and I wanted to take the sandwich on him. Good luck, proud. Good luck to us. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Like I said our good buddy. Roller. Go talk to dinner with us. Come back. We got people like us. Pictures up on a wall in this place. We got an OJ shrining down the hall here. They never met a gangster. They didn't like. They never met a murderer. They didn't like. And especially if it's the next joke. Oh my god then just bringing a juxtap. I let's lick it and gather around. Have a goddamn party with it. You disgusting piece of turd's you. You know what I'm saying? Roller. Don't be complaining about anymore about those bloody oozing stools because like I told you before our god works in mysterious ways. Randy wrote about those a couple of those that I OD. Well they weren't stools. They were cheers. It's a nine till two at five, 60, WQM, you want some action in this town? God almighty, who the hell doesn't? This is the most boring deadly god damn place. But there's always Hollywood 7 old gaming. See we treated the Indians right here. That's right. We don't have a big song in a dance like the Seneca Indians up there in New York because we got the Hollywood 7 old gaming place.