and co-stitterwafing to fall by the f***ing. I don't know the reason. It's hardly been treason. The Congress has much better things than can do. There overreaching, yeah, and telling the truth. Most of it's be a better than to do. We've seen our time away while there is teaching bill. Pride is dishe Avove Bad Gate. It's ruined by another trend. Let's begin the題 Ghana Get him like an ex-sun. So, my dick. When the adetails we don't need to see. They want Bill to contest. He messed up that blue dress. Squirt's work? Tonight I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. I am a rife that protects you and me. Where is those of their bones? This is a bunch of hoots. The meeting has shunned. The hand seeking possession. Nothing to show about a private affair. That's an affront dream, but no respect to the country. They judge and lead you, we all could you stay. All these things. We see each other away while they're in the teaching bill. What's the meaning of rooms? The boring or so. Something of fear and it's just five and six and six. Okay. Okay. That's their own dance hall. I am standing on God's chair. If they let you die, they'reARDD us. Nope. Hey. Oh sweetness. No. No. The rocket has lost his, he has the first goal. I was on board the feather and the Panther has a one-up of lead. The human. Okay, bullets weed hard, kill it. Man, oh man, am I pissed off and fired up today? Wow. I'm going to do something today that I never dreamed I would ever do in my life. Okay, and you can help me out. We need fatses today. I don't want no private parts. I don't want no frontal nudity. Okay, but I am going to do something that I've threatened to do last week. Right here on the show on Friday yesterday I said I lied. The only thing I lied about was still hungry coming into an morning show. Okay, it's actually JP McCarthy. And for JP McCarthy, WJR Detroit February 1, J.B. McCarthy's going to be doing the morning show. Okay, we're steams up. There were people calling to our yesterday saying, oh, it's still Henry really calling it not just me. The receptionist upstairs, the other station, whether it was a prototype. Oh my god, I already told him it's my cranary. This is the scary part about this town. You can tell these people anything and you can be laughing your ass off while you're saying it. And OG is still really coming back here. No, no. Give me a break. Guys, we're going to camp five Los Angeles number two market in the world. He's going to come back to this one four place. No, no chance. Carl the Suze, who used to do mornings for years on WVZ and Boston February 15th. He's going to be doing the mornings on this station as the paranoia continues. Anyway, forget about that. And before I get into the good stuff and about the fact is, I need facts of a human Breckham, preferably a pimpley human. Breckham, okay. What? Just facts is. You know me, I'm not an ass kisser. I mean, if I do it, it means really like you know, in Rikai, that's, I don't the kiss ass. But in this case, just this one time, okay. Have you spell that? C-H-E. One this one time, K-A-Ch-A-Ch-A-Ch-A-M-E exception. Because I'm going to kiss pictures of Wayne High Pingers' ass on the ear today all day. That's for you Wayne. Right on your ball spot. I mean, one thing we know about Wayne, he's an asshole. Putting that aside, okay. I think that's nitpicking to worry about that. So I've picked up the paper after watching that, Siddilating the first period last night. I mean, calm on the same old, bad, tired stuff. Although I'll tell you this, I watched the pregame show on Sportsown. And by the way, Remer, it was two to one at that point. And quick talk about other extraneous stuff and get with the program. Boy, he was brutal last night. I good post-cheat friend, Jeffrey, brutal last night. Talking about somebody's having a baby. And all of a sudden, here's Burr, he's on a breakaway. Oh, gee, it's too late. But at any rate, the pregame show, I saw Paw Bell Burr for the first time in a panther uniform. I got goosebumps. Does that make me, like, out of step with this time? Uh-huh. Because this morning, I heard the talk about baseball and building John Henry's stadium. And about all of a sudden, there's Strainius Crap. And my life, I couldn't believe that on the day after that last night, they're talking about... All of these things. And it just was astonishing to me. Huh? But they're always talking about... All of these things. And I just stuff that really counts. I've made up my mind. I don't care. I'm not waiting for the rest of the parade. I'm going to talk about what I know is exciting and is important. And I don't give a crap about all these other ass suckers, okay? Oh, yeah, hey, John. Put the stadium next to Arha. Well, what stadium? What are these people talking about? What are they talking about? What baseball stadium? Put it anyway. So just to show you once again, the great knowledge I will say, hats off to the hero, which that's unusual also for me to say that. Our facts, number by the way, is 305-65-0198. I'm sure that somebody can factor say, Pimply or a fact similarly of a Pimply human rectum that could be wanes. It's got to be like a lot of park marks on it. I will kiss it here on here, maybe all day, maybe for four hours. But on a front page of the hero, how many times have I told you this? They must like all sleep together, something. But at least we got to pick your Russian rocket blasts off. There is Pavellbury after scoring this first goal as a Florida Panther. And there is Yaroslav Schpachtek standing there, give it him a big hug. And in some sentinel, there all said, no picture, no nothing. Here's you in with a big crowd, and they almost beat you, you can, and Yadiyade, Luzen over time, that's up there. Nothing about that. Then over in the left hand side, he's kind of a little like afterthoughts. Bray scores two goals in Panthers Day view, and it says, Pavellbury, the so-called Russian rocket, Yadiyade, Yadiyade, and I thought, well, what does that mean? The so-called Russian rocket. And then I see the picture in the hero that, at least they did a good job. They know it was an important, it was exciting. And I'm reading the article, it says, despite jet lag, the so-called Russian rocket, scored twice in his first game. Are you following this? The so- These sleepin' they must be on the phone together. What are you gonna put on the front page? Well, I don't know, but even put on the front page. What are you gonna, I think, how about macaroni and cheese for lunch today? Yeah, let's have macaroni and cheese. That's your local news paper, then your local newspapers. What a bunch of butt plugs. So, you know, something, and I don't care, but anybody calls me today. I don't care. I know what's excitement. I know what the real stuff is all about. Man, what, Wayne? That's for you, sweetheart. All is forgiven, please come home. You just wait. I'm gonna check you 10 at 560 WQM. You look- You got a back sentence. It was a comic strip. Then the comic book, then the movie, then another movie, and another. And another. And so. That's that is coming the Broadway. You got to wear time. All right. And the map can keep it night. Okay. Catch you, Grimm and those who cannot be hit from the bad case. All right. Now, you can see the match Crusader as number before, an effeminate man who transfers around the stage in full costume, singing about other men. Oh, man. Alfred, he don't say nothing. He don't tell no one, that's me and Robin. Batman of Lam boy at musical. Shed against the gloomy backdrop of the city teaming would even more, Lam boy in criminals. Top for the man. He's just wicked. When did your person come to me? Here's what they're saying about Batman on musical. I can't just be Batman because I couldn't get tickets for that. I like Michael Keaton, Dennis. Maybe I'm going to slide on the batball. Batman, the musical with book in music by Andrew Lloyd Riddler. Batman, come on. To my ball. We will catch the cat for man to my ball. And to the name. Batman, the musical. It's the musical for people who love coming. The Maroves will fight dry. The Maroves will stay round. But we will take. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. The music. Music. This guy doesn't play for nine months. He does. He has a SOMB at a legal finish. Who��dy put once in the rest time. He's a month-old. Andustomed to get to the European 2030. Jessie. But he's not giving by the same day. and the second time he's got it back again. A break away there's the first school and by the way, people will say, well, a second goal was a little path in great past by Whitney. It was a five on three, two-man advantage. David Jane, you know, finally says something interesting, which I didn't realize these statistics. That was that this team has had two five on three goals in the previous 124 games. And it's season and a half. Even with a two-man advantage, as we know, this team never scores, but last night, Bore, it's right in the net, who holds in the first game. Most exciting, dynamic player like I told you, thank you, we don't have a facts of an ass. I can't believe that. When I don't want the facts, we get all kinds of obscene facts of every kind of body part, including some that we can't even figure out what they are. I want a creative, pimple ass facts. I don't want to just talk about it. I don't want to like recreate it. I want to do it. Huh? I want to kiss Wayne's fat ass right here on a radio today. Because finally, for the first time in six years, finally, they made a commitment to giving us something that we can sync our to some excellence. You know, I complain about the ambience. I want to just still got to get that ice-draint out in the goal. I see it all would be nice. I mean, this guy's going to score all these goals. We asked to see when the goal I goes on, that he actually scored. So they still have to straighten those things out. And I complain about the ambience and the fan sitting on their hands and playing with each other and their reading books. But you got to admit it. The last season and a half, it's been a newsy. The last year was unbelievably bad. All our home games virtually. And this year, the been maybe two or three that were setting in the rest of the week. Like I said, I could think of magazine or a good book. Now there should be no, there shouldn't be one empty seat. In that Mac are we in a starting with next Wednesday's game against Montreal. In fact, you talk about having the opportunity of a lifetime. Including that post of the call yesterday, well, as you know, the way God makes a lot of play or maybe not all jump on the bad of a guy that I had a little watch a couple of games. Well, I get out of something pal. If that's what it takes that you ought to get out there and do it. A here you go. Kiss right here. All right. On both cheeks. Thank you. Whoever facts this to me. And I said, simply, two by the way, real simply. Right. Go out. Mac is the achiques. Well, listen. There you go. Another one. For making a commitment to a finely ball the end given us a quality product that we can get excited about. And now we can create some new hockey fans in this God forsaken town where it's the middle of January. They're talking about a baseball stadium. This one dimensional horse and buggy town. You know, they knew. Can I ask you a question about football? No, last time I checked it's pretty one more game to go and it's all over. Until at the five month draft start, that's our next week building up to the April draft. I think it starts next week. But until then, this is the exciting, oscillating unbelievable news and they're talking to us. But that's not what John Henry. That's all I heard about baseball and where should we stick it? Where should we stick it? Yeah, right. Shouldn't be one empty seat from starting Wednesday against Montreal. And then the Saturday we got Dallas next week, two tough games. But to go on there, watch this guy play just so on I can't put it in the words. I told you that and if anybody did watch the game last night, which I have my doubts, but if anybody actually did watch it in spite of rumor enemies. I mean, he should put on a performance for you that just should give you an idea of what the great stuff that's yet to come. That was only the beginning. So thanks again, it's going to cost 10 million a year and well worth it at whatever price. Because there's like a few athletes in the world. I mean, now a sports is still just sports. Like I've always said, but there are some guys that can like lift you out of the seat that transcend, you know, the Michael Jordan's of the world in the hockeyators like a handful. Just a small handful. Anybody out there got a small handful? Right. That's what Pavelle's got a small handful. Who can really make it worth the price of a mission no matter what they'll charge it. So you better get down there to the arena get on the phone with your, uh, ticket master, whatever. And start getting your tickets all brought up because it's going to be a tough ticket. I think from here on in, it should be. There should be like standing room only just if he were the only one out there in a panther uniform, just to see Pablo Bore. Do the things that he does all of these. Are you staying that he does? That's right. I do want to say this. I don't want to pee on anybody's parade, especially those people in the Senate. I went home yesterday and I watched the rest of the defense, the defense team for El Presidente. And the guy that I thought was a fairly interesting Gregory Craig. Remember we potted up for about five seconds here. Maybe that was only uh, playing comparison with the guy in the wheelchair. The rough guy. Who look pretty rough. But I tried to listen to him and he was really pondering and fumbling and fumbling around. I thought, see this guy is pretty in our ticket. We needed somebody really great like Alan Doucher which out there. Then this light-complexed lady Cheryl Mills, this light dark-complexed lady. Did you see her at all? I thought to myself, they could have brought a kindergarten girl out there and done a bit of it. Was the big deal was because she was a woman or a black or a black woman and they all raised about it. And I didn't think she said anything really to defend the president. She talked about how she knows about racism and about how she's been there for six years and how proud she is to be. I mean, you know, it was like her personal story that really had nothing to do with the impeachment of a president. And after was all over with, wow man, she was dynamite and even at one of those dodgy senators there about 100 years old man or man. The other guy, I couldn't follow what he was talking about. I guess he must have liked her uh, recto. We that was it. Maybe she had big hooters which quite frankly, I don't think you can see over the podium. And by the way, Bubba's job approval rating 66% of the ABC poll, the 72% of the CBS poll, 76% of the NBC poll, all of you, Montgess rises after this day of the union dress on Tuesday night. But I thought she was very weak. You know, again, if you're the president of the country, wouldn't you think you could afford or that you would select better at more forceful attorneys than these three bozos we've seen so far. And I guess today David Kendall was a real kind of kind of like a little uh, ninsing fruit cake. He's going to be doing this thing today. I want to clock. And then the final Dale bumpers from Arkansas is a good old boy. He's going to be making a closing a speech. The whole summation of the whole thing. And like cut the crap and let's move on with life. So I want everybody when they call today. Thank you Wayne. That's right. We're making it not that he, you know, we still believe he's an answer. I know that, you know, once an answer, I was an asshole, but it is one case. We'll make an exception. We both there. There you go. Kisses asked firmly. Plant our lips right on Wayne's. Road test pimply cheeks and kiss away for finally making a commitment to us here in South Florida for all of us two or three hundred wheel hockey fans, which is where the real exciting stuff was man. Given the whole new lease on life, and I'm going to tell you this, I brought out my AMI original Panthers jacket. The leaf jacket goes in the closet until it makes a leaf come back and town nice game by the way last night. I'll put your life beat down as though it's about to make a leaf six to four. But never let that goes back into closet to the leaves come back and town. And I'm back to my Panthers jacket because I end. It's kind of nothing to do with fraud running. It's got to do with the give us something to be enthused about. You know, it's one thing to be a fan and go there hope for the best and know that you're probably going to have a nap or like two and a half hours. But now we've at least got something to be excited about other than just when he sling the stupid t-shirts up in the crowd. And we when Defogo's out there for the bicycle run or whatever they're doing between periods. So thank you Wayne finally on behalf of those four of us who are real hockey fans for bringing a breath of fresh air to this otherwise stale and stifling place. Here's West Palm Beach Ella. We love you, Burrell. You kick some out. You can shoot in the score and make a pass. The court to go for a minute. That's enough. It's Wayne. Can I kiss your right? Right. What a great that was. Beautiful. Thank you sir. God bless you. That was the best. Hope a line of grower two and day. Let's see the enthusiasm here today. Are we going to have enthusiasm? Oh, excitement are these people on fire? No. That's okay. I don't care anymore. I really don't. Because I know I know something good when I see it. I can sniff out something exciting. You can cut it with a button. I have the excitement associated with the canier. 560 50 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Top of it. Morning, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you Wayne. Now, Channel 6. Yes. I get out of the shower this morning. It's like the 460 clock. I'm all excited. This guy's chronic. Yes. Let's do the talk about. Oh, Skitt's ball. Yeah. And to make things worse, Dennis Rodman. Oh, Jesus. One option. Not one mention about the hot. I can't believe. Didn't even mention it. Not one mention. The hot bell brewery in this first game is a panther score at 2 goals last night and lifted the team into a big five to win, which they desperately needed. Can we bring the city a Toronto here? Are we? Are we? I wish even with the weather I would take it. What a bush leaf. Yeah, you're right. Have a good one. And actually, that's my maple leaf. Nice going by the way, Leafs last night. Oh, boy. Almost blew it. Had a hang on for your life. I feel up in a big lead. You don't care about that, though. We have an open life in day one and brodered. 560 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T wireless. I mean, you know, that was nice. They finally in Joe Rose. There's a lot of credit. He put a couple thousand people at least in the stands. By begging and pleading yesterday for people to go out there and support UM basketball, which lumbered the letter handled it. By the way, I met him at the airport. Two months ago, my international waiting for a flight and letter got black and collected. God comes over to me. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I put my hands up in here. Yes. And I was lettered. Hamilton. He was watching at Wami's thing. Who I was. Love the show. Good guy. I thought. But he's on a super job. We didn't have like over 15,000 people. I was going there a little bug. But I have a feeling that when they start playing in a way, it's not you, Con, when it's not the number one team in the country. And you're playing like some girls team, whatever that came comes about, it might be the usual of 25 or 35 or I could be wrong. But nice going there, little dog. I'm hoping that I can put a few seats in the Mac Arena now. Now that we got a legitimate superstar on something to really get whipped up in Farta, and I would say this. I know Terry Murray won't pay any attention to me because he's a hard ass. Well, Victor Coslov, I have no idea how long that they've sprained his shoulder last. I hope he's going to be back real soon. But Coslov ought to be centering between Brue and Ray Whitney. That should be the line, okay? Maybe Whitney got a big no Russian, let like Kavasha, but never last that should be the line. That would be dynamite. Just a thought there Terry, my close personal friend. Spreads the lotion in the basket. Yeah, so sorry. There is rotten. We don't stop and will let things into the end. There's so sorry. There is rotten in the world. But the past these come with settings to the victim, the only thing. We'll see him. He was cheated. The cutlets to check all the PETE. We asked him to get quiet inside אותrum. Abbyed was too early to calm. I swear, we lost contests yesterday. So along. I'm a little afraid of it, I'm far this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, It this far, hmm to this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far,, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far beginning, this far, this far, this far security, This far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far, this far Come on boys, come on guys. Keep the right line, madam. lips right. Good fun. ticket 54. onfür Another sunny president's Here, somebody told me, explain to me, maybe I missed something. Because I didn't watch that much of her because I thought she was very amateur hour. This young lady Cheryl Mills, I think Hayling Mills could, I think Wilbur Mills, and he's dead. He could have done a better job. In defending El Presidente, then this Cheryl Mills, and they're all just raving about, oh, she was sensational, she was scintillating, she made a great passion at defense, and I am still wondering what the hell are they talking about? Maybe you can explain it to me. Why was she so goddamn good? Maybe somebody can tell us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. I'm running Neil. Yes sir. What a beautiful morning it is. Yes it is. And I hope this words don't stick in my throat, but I'll give it a go. Thank you, Wayne. How? You know, let me introduce you one thing, other than your gas, but feeling I had when you got that brake-a-lase speed. Yeah, you remember how many points we had to do on spoke right last year? No. I got to believe Ron a pace to probably go over 100. You think? You over 100? Well, we've got about a million points. And I have a way point. Right now, we're the Lindonite Rort 45. 43. If you win the 9x45. Oh, if we win the 9x45, yeah. Rort 45, and we have 10x5. And you got to figure with Burray in here. Yeah. Those times are going to disappear. Now some of them are going to disappear in the wins. We can be in a 95 to 100 point pace. You may be in a few minutes. See, it really doesn't make a lot of difference. I'm going to head this year last year this time because the bar has been raised a lot. If you look at the playoff race in Eastern conferences year, I mean, the Western conference is garbage. Eastern conference. It's unbelievable. I mean, you know, Philly's got 56. At least it got 55. Jersey one last night, they got 53. Otto's got 54. There were a whole bunch of teams just jammed up there within between the 47 and 56 points. Yeah. So we also raised that bar now. Oh, yeah. That's a lot of people. Yeah. We have a couple of points for the win. And now the ball, we saw of course, which we already knew, those of us who were real fans, but Burray can do last night. Now the ball is really in Terry Maurice Court. Let's see if he can use this marks the utilizing properly to put them out there on a line that's really going to be the most effective. And I mean, it's there. There's no question about it. The potential is there. I read something about double shipping them. Yeah. That would be awesome. Double shipping them. Call it a play or more the mario. He's a capable. He's going 27 years old. He can do it. That'd be awesome. Oh, have a great day, Neil. And God bless Wayne. Yes, sir. Okay. God bless you. And he didn't even think yet. There you go. Open line in Broward, 2 in date, 5 670 560, pound 560. On the AT&T wireless line. As we continue waiting for this, you for you. This incredible outpouring here today, which I'm still not seeing. And like I said, I don't care. If you want to be left behind, you know, the parties going on. If you don't want to be a part of it, if you want to be left behind, be my guest. If you want to talk a lot of stupid crap about somebody building you a baseball stadium for a bunch of stupid boring baseball games and God most of them are pretty boring. If that's the best you can do, hey, you know, good luck to you. I'll see you in some other playground. Here's Cutler Ridge, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I hate to do this. But here goes. Thank you Wayne. Oh, by the way. I don't know if anybody's mentioned this, but in my opinion, I think you are very instrumental in getting this kid down here. And I want to thank you. I did. That's right. When I promised to kiss Wayne and Ryan. I was asked. That's the first thing I came to my mind when I heard the news. That's a little bit like I've done. But I haven't been disappointed about hockey since I first saw Bobby or play. Ryan, what this kid can do on stage is incredible. When he can split to the fence, then the way he does. Yeah. He's not going to open it. No, to see he might have lost control of the puck for a second. But he had the defenseman, Charo, beat so badly. He still had time to go to the back end and back to the forehand and fake pop bet out out of his back and just stick it in this slide to be item just an unbelievable moment. The defenseman looked like they still played in the ball. He's in university. It's incredible what the status. He carried them almost all the way to the championship and wanted it. All by himself. He's on another level. He's on another plane like one other planet. And if he hadn't got the jacked in that Stanley Club game, I think Vancouver would have won that series. Yeah. But you know, that's sad of it. But I want to thank you Neil and God bless. Brilliant. Okay. Okay. Oh, now Neil did it. I said the other day, I take credit because that and that's why I'm living up to my promise. I mean, I made Jokey about who's going to be doing the morning show. Which those guys aren't going anywhere. I just say that to a feed the paranoia of certain people on that show, which I have no idea why this whole paranoia. But nevertheless, it makes it kind of fun. And also some of the listeners are equally paranoid. Oh, he's trying to get them off here. Right. Yeah. What a joke. Some of them. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, my good post personal friend, screw in. What of our many, many sales managers were sitting on the stupious today when I wanted out a here to a clock after our program director by the way, came in here and said to me, like that. Yeah. He found out that the morning show was going to be in here this morning, which it was not of course. But he found that out by listening to me on the air. He knew nothing about what was going on in the usual. And now this week, the engineers are running the joint. And we find out by the way that the studios upstairs are like a tangled, just a bunch of stuff hanging. They're not even close to being finished for the other guys yet. But anyway, so I walk out here. Screw in is out there on the stupious usual smoke amount of refag. It's putting on an act of, oh, no. How are you? Like, phony, you know, since there's nobody else around. And I identified her with a response. And as I'm starting to walk away, she says, oh, well, you're not going to really let anybody else work in your studio. Are you? Is it the same I constidation yesterday as something that would like an ego thing? Like, this is my studio. Like, I wanted to write a filter, or that I would want to take credit for this dump. Oh, you're not going to let them work in your studio. Hate to break the news, do you? Sweetheart, that's not the problem. The problem is like logistics and having an owing who's on first and who's on third. And how we're going to do it. And what's going to work and what's not? That's the problem. But of course, when you know nothing about radio, I guess you would come up with some paranoid psychotic conclusion like that. It's my studio, sweetheart. We will find the date county, 567560, Pomp560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Twenty one before 11 o'clock. Two way and if you're feeling lucky, you have a switch to the user. And we're all right, ladies. Gather around the man's is ready. On the count of three, one, two, three. On the ground floor, the court's not red. On the floor, the court's not red. We are right in three types. High school, high school, schools who are at high takie. I certainly hope that we've went well safe as those who must have found our former. Please declare what to, all the rules mentioned that we've gone death in an hourglass. Our house will all hurt a little, of things, all about the result of we all vote. For these days, people are really changing our voice. We make our choice in the world. We as a human will push out of the world. And we say to you, we come again. We can't touch it, so much so much. We will gather soon in the water. And we'll provide a million clasms on the water. That's why he poured all your money from the people who are walking up in that area. We got another fact here with a picture of a gigantic. That's a humongous... Oh, right! Rectomy is what it is. How come my finger is like one button off today? Well, that's all right. And I really wanted to put it in any right. There's this enormous rectum here. And I'm not going to kiss this one because unless Wayne is painting his fingernails, I have my doubts about this. Also, I don't think Wayne has any of those clitoris rings that he wears lately. Oh, he does? His wing. Oh, okay. Just checking. There you go. Two open lines in days five, six, seven, five, sixty. See, there's something really stimulating and exciting and amazing going on in this town. And the best part of it is it's like a, it's like a fraternal thing. It's like we've got our own private club because most of the bows are in this town. Don't even have a cut onto it yet. Including the people in the newspapers. Just so called Russian rocket in our so-called newspapers this morning. Only in Miami. Like I've told you every day and I'm not making enough. I'm not trying to be a harness. I'm just telling you exactly the way it is. Only in this town. The so-called Russian rocket. If Jesus himself showed up at one hero Plaza in sandals, performing miracles and making them publish an actually good newspaper someday, performing that miracle. Doing things that haven't been invented yet, curing cancer every disease. One of these things. They would say the so-called savior showed up at our doorstep this morning. Man, you people are really lemnless. But like I said, that's okay. Those of us who understand what good stuff is all about. We're qufiling from it. The rest of you. What are they talking about? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Just want to stay last night with that ticket since 93. And I can count on my hand. How many times we've scored on a break away. Right. Until last night, you got to go ahead and animal. He made the go. He looked really bad. He made Felix pop and looked like Denise. I was great. The stick was on the floor. He was laying on his back and then we go down. And he one time that in my god, he actually hit the puck into the net. Isn't it weird? Yeah. And then of course, we have the great call by Dennis Pompon and Randy Moore. They were probably talking about Jenny or something like that. I forgot. And then it was like this. Any scores is first called and Chris Moore heard the e-mail this morning. More on. Christina. Chris Moore this morning. Salonky was having a seizure. It was great. It was really great to see. Can't wait for them to come home. Thank you very much. And let's bury the pass. Okay. Let's bury the pass is what he said. By the way, somebody told Remember that it's not boring. Hey, you're fair. Will you please tell your husband if you talk to the room that I'm sure before I range again. They're not boring. It's very simple. Too syllable word. The coach has beer. Ramerson's boring. It's boring. Very, very simple. Very easy. And if you know, and then you know, Ramerson great guy. He's cheap as hell, but a good guy. But nevertheless, he got any campaign. Denise for this one. He got himself wound up talking. You can caught himself short. Talking about a bunch of extraneous crap. And somebody's the wife had a baby and little girl. And we missed you. And you're all, all she's there. And goes and like, this is where I'm walking. And she's started. The Russian rocket has landed. He has his first goal. As a floor to Panther. And the Panthers have a wound up with Lee. Not too only. But nevertheless, see, and I did a nice job there for guns. I quit the short there at the beginning. And didn't make it too obvious that he had. He could like kind of got caught up in a bunch of extraneous crap. But I didn't want to point it out to your whole time. Here's the mobile and voice. Here's the mobile and boi and B. Chillow. Neil, I got two things for the left. I worked at this game. I switched over to WIOD and they had a, uh, forge fighter from Vancouver. They asked me about very down there. Sports writer on IOD. WIOD. Oh, I hate that stage. Yeah. And this guy talked about that. Great. He says, good luck to you guys down there. He says, good riddance to him. And he says, we're just glad to get rid of him. Why is that? He just said, because he's in the short. He says, wait till he holds out for you guys for 10 million. The next year is from the 112. Could he go out with Vancouver twice? Yeah. He said, did I go to that? That's a bunch of bullcrap. The people in Vancouver are psychotic to lose Bobo Bury. He was a, a, a, a, a, a, like the king of that community. Yeah. I believe my buddy was lit. Yeah. There's a, the hockey maidens told me just like Michael Jordan. I believe Neil. Well, the second thing, the very county does that arena. Yeah. And now it's named after a national car rental fighter. And then what he's given to that, why does that money go to the ground? I'm not a, I'm unsure of that. Well, it's a little bit over here, a little bit over there. Two for Wayne, one for us. I don't know. Is Brown County doing either? Sure. Oh, okay. I didn't know that. I was on New Year's, no, they answered. Yeah. Yeah. And I just thought that they have an outlay not enough money to make the ice playable. And I'm not money to make the go lights visible. But nevertheless we're working on it. Thank you. Okay. Everything getting to phone. We have an open line in date one in Broward 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. We had any calls yet about this, this brilliant defense attorney. This White House council Cheryl Mills who got out there yesterday and said, My, they were asking, I mean, she was mumbling. I don't know what else she was talking about. She was talking more about herself and her history and her lineage and her, all of this, I have no idea what she was talking about. And like I said, a few minutes into what I said, hey, enough of that crap for me. If this is the best that Baba can do, no wonder why he's in trouble up to his goddamn armpits. With a bunch of crap. He needs that. And not only that, but all of these attorneys, they're all go. I'm whoever heard of getting your whole livelihood, your life, you're the president of the United States. You've got gollisha lawyers. Jesus Christ, get that Allen douchewits in there right away. You've got to get yourself a great jewel or your like Allen douchewits. Or maybe maybe Lurik King was right. Maybe Johnny Conquin would have been great on there. He would have been dynamite. He would have held them captivated. I mean, he's a little bit darker than Cheryl Mills, but I think I never less might be a little more effective speaker. But that's okay because David Campbell is going to be on there today. Here's Evan, sure. Hello. Neil, let's you, but I will not kiss Moonface. Come on, you need to do it. Come on. Just can't have. Close your eyes. No one needs to do this. It's pulled the same crap as he's pulled on the Panthers a few years ago. I think he pulled on the Marlins. And then he's been pulling on the Dalton for years. You don't know how it does. You don't know how it does. And usually give us he gets his all pumped up about your sports team. And then he'll just snatch away and get rid of him and just blow it all away. Well, what do you mean by that? You get rid of him. If he sells it to somebody else, they'll be fine with me because he allegedly is a couple years away from selling the franchise. Well, that would be great. But yeah, but if he doesn't get rid of the franchise, then he'll be in the middle of the weekend. And leaves team. If not that I want to start changing my tune all that dramatically, but nevertheless, I got to give me fear a little bit. He at least opened up the purse rings and cut loose this guy. They're going to pay him $10 million a year for the next five or six years to make sure that he stays here. He's a franchise. He finally made a commitment to give us something that makes it worth going there and supporting this thing. I agree with you. That's what he did with the Marlins too. We want to world tears and why do we have the next year? Yeah. You're thankful. So it's hard for me to get excited about about one year. Number two. Quinn, I don't want him in the ditched by no means. I think he's doing great job in the country, but what's safe, he does have a problem sometimes telling us the truth. Yeah. What is something maybe we shouldn't be asking so many questions about things that are not busy. Exactly. I don't care about his sex life. But you know, if he's got a bad about a diarrhea, I don't really think that we should expect him to tell us about it. Nor should we really be all that interested. But what I find often, a lot of these functions are not really the business of the acting. But I also agree with what you normally say is people in this kind of only in this town and in this country are such cheap. I mean, he tells us all these things he's going to do for us. But how we get a pay for all these things. Yeah. People are just like, okay, we love it. Wait a minute. Every state of view. Your memory is short. Every state of the union address is the president getting up there saying, look how great everything is right now. Here's what we've accomplished. And then laying out a bunch of stuff, maybe 90% of it is loose guy. But they always do that. That's what the city and address is all about. You're right. Okay. And you're looking at any so-so out there with Rosa Parks on more could you. And I like to say, we could swallow the flavor of the president. Okay. I'm a great deal. I mean, what more could you want? You had Sammy Sosa rose up. Perhaps you had those kids from America. You had Hillary was up there. And you know, let's hear it. You had the guy from the desert fox, the military guy all dressed up at his uniform. What more could you want? That's what these state of the union addresses are for. It's a big tough piece, but we liked it. We liked it a lot. And even Ilyana Grosslademan liked it so much. She was there for her big photo opportunity with her Rosanne banana outfit. We have an open line in Broward 2 in date. I'm still waiting to see. I'm waiting to see the outpouring here. I'm waiting. Shock the living crap. Right out of me. Okay. There had to be at least 50 people. Maybe even Lou and Debbie on a mobile. Or watching that game last night on sports sports channel. That are just brimming over with enthusiasm and excitement today. That has something good to say for a change. That have reason for optimism. Reason to live another day. Reason to crawl out of bed in this God forsaken town. One more day. 560 560. Town 560 on the AT&T Wireless One. I'll tell you what. Let's get John Henry on a showcase. He's been on every other show on a guy. The station. The PDR. What seems like a decent guy. The PDR to try to get everybody to build him in baseball stadium. Let's get him on. Here's open park. Neil. Yes sir. John Henry here. You owe me 50 bucks please. Don't miss us. You're all right. Put the pocket in the basket. Yeah. We've got it going now. We're fired up. We're going to take it to the next level. Let's go all the way to the world. He's several. Yeah. Let's go all the way to the world. Sir. Okay. Thank you sir. Bob Albury has been hit in the ballpark baby. He's got a better complexion than Mark McGuire and Wayne. But he's going to take us all the way to the world. Sirius. One open lining. David. One in Broward. 560. I'm still waiting here about. Sheryl Mills. There must be somebody out there that's watching this crap. Because I know yesterday. Especially once one clock came. Boy, I was. We might as well pull the plug. Especially after all the other bull crap that we were treated to here yesterday. When all these poor guys from the other building, they're carrying boxes. They're moving them moving in and moving out. Are they? And nobody knows from nothing. And then the program director comes over here with a straight face and tells me, he don't know nothing. As if like that's a bullet. Seriously. Come here. He tells me he's out of the loop that nobody is telling him anything. He's only supposed to be running the joint. And the general manager who was in the car with him has designed. They heard me revealing about all these plans that were supposed to be going on here. Which never materialized. He also don't know nothing. Which we also knew. But it's a real revelation that the people in the other building who think that they're going to be here like, imminently, any minute. That the upstairs those studios are like, light years away from being ready. And I suggested it to Georgia. And you know, I know this is revolutionary. But how about if they like signed off the year at midnight Saturday or Sunday night? We could really couldn't miss ESPN radio overnight. And then that would give them like all those hours like six hours. On the interrupted, just to go in there. Shut the other place off just to bring all these stuff over. Stick it up stairs. Hook it up to all the wiring which I allegedly is in. Huh? In Georgia, stop making so much sense. You don't understand where you are. And I said, here's Miami. Hello. Hey, yes sir. I've been calling you for the past four years. I haven't been telling you how to finally graduate because of this semester. Yes. And I love you. Okay. God bless you. That's a chronic that I was talking about yesterday. Get a life. You'll find that there are a lot of better parts of the country to be in this one. Like almost anywhere, especially for you. We have two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line, 10, 56, it five, sixty. You're fired up in pissed off stations. WQIF. Shit, Bush. Fuck the bow. I was an author of our most was young and old. My priest said to me, sir, it's time to come. Come on. You're getting down on your knees. He has me down on my knees. He wasn't Catholic. He has me in the middle of the street. Who said so Lord, we can please just like I've done on Sunday. He's taken me in. Don't worry, don't. With the three and two after Saturday night with love. He's been following me for a few times on Sunday. He has me down on Sunday. He has me down on Sunday. Father, God, you've done to me. Won't want to die. Won't turn the water up on the feet. I was an author of our most was. I was an author of our most was. He has me down on Sunday. He was a Catholic. He's a Catholic. He's a Catholic. He's a Catholic. He's a Catholic. It's 11.15. It's 5.60. WQIF. I've just come to a conclusion. Sometimes you see the life for a long time 23 years is a good run. Sometimes you fail. Like that awful TV show on WAMI. That's not gone. You know, something's making something's done. And we're done. We're finished. We're finished. I got one call on the board here. This is not a place. This is not a place. This town doesn't deserve anybody to spend money to entertain them. Or to bring in a superstar athlete or anything. Because there are oblivious. This to me is coming here. I'm so I am so pumped up today. Even though I still got this. I'm burning in the neck and the rational bit. We're not got a doctor. The things he's a comedian. And by the way, but about it tells me nothing. And I'm probably sitting with some kind of viral infection. That's like carrying up my body. But hey, you know, Monday, I'll go see another doctor. And maybe after a while I find a doctor. You just want to do stand up comedy. You know. But in the meantime, this is just astonishing. Like I didn't learn my lesson here on Tuesday. But I would have thought like after last night that people got a taste of what I'm so excited about. And when I'm talking about, we see some tangible evidence of excitement here. Of enthusiasm of something. And it's the same old crap again. You know, let's let's cut the bull crap. Okay, it's obvious to me. Like 12 and a half months later, it's painfully obvious to me. Then I made a bad mistake. You know, passion was no picnic and it was better money over here. And y'all, money is always great. And clear channel loans that place over there anyway. And there were some tax and then a lot cheaper. But this show doesn't work on this radio station. I don't care what the numbers say. I don't care what anything says. Because I come in every single day. And it's the law of the finishing return. This week, I mean, I was out Monday. Was a holiday Georgia to the show. I just did a great job. Come back Tuesday. Wednesday. There is day every day this week. It's been the same story. Because I'm talking, you know, things that like I'm excited about. I hear about and these people, like I'm talking to four language through that. They haven't got any idea. What I'm talking about. That's the QM audience man. They're on a totally different wavelength. Their interest in, you know, is there going to be a baseball stadium with John Henry? That's what they're concerned about in the middle of January. And how's the podium confident doing? Those are the kinds of things that crank the chain of these people on this radio station. This is not the place for the new Rogers show. Maybe this just ain't to market anymore for the new Rogers show. But this is just unbelievable. And so when I tell you that I shouldn't that arena week after week, not after night in the middle of a 17,000 bodies and maybe a couple of thousand fans, I'm not exaggerating. Like Tuesday, I come in here with the, you for you of the announcement of the deal being made. And it's like, what's the guy's name? Who is he doing? Where's he from? For Kipsy? I know. I know. I know. I know. I never envisioned doing a radio show in the midst of a four million illegal aliens. Maybe that's the deal. Maybe if I would like you know, smuggle myself in, take a trip to the Bahamas and come in like by way of Cuba or something. Maybe then I'd feel more at home. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Hey, New York and morning. It won. It won. Line me up to Kipsy, Wayne's there. Yeah. I haven't jumped out of my seat for a Panthers goal and the Lensys Court to goal. Like I saw last night. Yeah. That was just incredible. But I think I know where Wayne's getting the money for it for his contract. I know you don't take the software after getting in and out of the arena coming from the south. But you should pay it. You pay 75 cents to take that fly over on the land. And it was free on the way out. Yeah. Coming from the game the other night, there's traffic coming back. Why? Because it narrowed the two lanes down to one. And now there's a pole food there. It's 75 cents. Hope food. To drive the eighth of a mile. Right. I'm going to. Well, that's a pricey pay for where you're using the saw grass. I get had to move. I guess is, but you know what? It's what works the price. The travel, uh, waiting them up like they did. If they ever do get away behind the goal. Have a great day. Thank you. We have an open line in day two and a Howard five six seven oh five sixty. Let's take a poll today. The poll question today is, what show would you like to have on here in midday? The sports babe or Chris Christina and Booster huh? That's our poll question today. Which show would you like back on QM? Let's get serious. Let's cut our aside. All the extra easiest bull crap. Let's lay it on the line. Okay. Because obviously we are communicating anymore. Whatever I'm talking about. It's not on the way blank wood. Whatever the list is of QA. I'm want to hear. So let's cut away all the extraneous force again and let go right now that the meat of the matter. Okay. Because I've had such a turnaround today and has happened many, many days to me that I come in here feeling you for it and within just a matter of moments I'm ready to blow my brains out. That gets all the gets stale and gets tired. So I go to a party and everybody else pretends they're at a wake. And then I go to a mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. Mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. If you have a little competition the rock, it WF wrestler. He is on Seda, Y100 and 496 today as your competition right there in the old. That sucks. You got. Yeah. But right there that must be it. The whole audience is listening to the wrestlers. Yeah. Now I'm sure. Here's a high, high, high, high, high, high. Hello. There ought to be wrestling with their conscience. Yes sir. Good morning sir. I really got ahead of you. When it comes to hockey and religion you are right on the money. You're just second to not. Yeah. Last night was one of the most exciting games I have seen in a long, long time. Let's put it this way. The Macarena definitely has a definitely a frequently visited or now. I'm going to be there with Bell. Do you remember, well I know you saw the game but you remember the point in the game when Borey went in like 15 directions in a matter of three. Yeah. Yeah, he didn't score on that chip. He made, he was all over the place. He would speak. He left like five jacks drafts on the ice. Well, you know, meanwhile the owners are going to die with trader. He's going with trader. Right. That was unbelievable. Yeah. Well, you know, all I got to say is your God and all the old. I'll probably regret doing this. Here goes. That was for you, H.W. What's getting red man? Have a great day. We have an open line in day counting 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Maybe we would like to have JPM McCarthy here mid days or maybe how about what's his name? Called Asus instead of morning's maybe we didn't put him on in mid days. He's a good sport. Now feel him to good. How about him? How about Van Patrick, he's an old sports guy? He's fast. There is no point with people to hold on to these and then they go real fast. Down here, as the old and fix everyone just wait, people from one to two crash. Down here, they're wearing white clothing. I don't know what they are thinking. You're 20, but they know I'm certain. Something like it's shrinking and turning blue. The people they hear and yell and bend when somebody be by. They ring up, tell them that's up down here. Up there, down in the middle. Down here, next to John, they lay down here. Down here, it's so fast. There's no time. Down. And when they come to finish, I'll be high for no margin. They take up their goggles and they just stop at the time. And see if they want. But only one guy can win. And you know nine out of ten times the guy may have been a spectator. And then the spectator down here. Watch him go down, down, down here. All of that. Down here, just wait, they're here. You want me to sit again, you were right about talking. You need to get a second opinion, a third opinion. You need to get a real doctor's what you need to get. That's why I make the mistake. You know, somebody that's got a good sense of humor. Maybe my doctor ought to put one of those patch atoms. I was clowning with you because he's very good at that. He's a nice guy. But he just doesn't understand. They're telling somebody, well, it could be anything. You're going to be fine. But it would be incredible. That doesn't get the job done. Weeks and weeks and weeks after you've been walking around with the same bull crab. You don't want to say it. Like maybe somebody when you pay hundreds and hundreds of dollars would like to get some answers. You know, like maybe what is it? What do you think it is? It's a very good one. We have an open line of day one and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on our mobile one line. Again, the audience is simulating here today boys and girls. They're on fire. My face is on fire. The audience is on fire. Here's Carl Gibble. Hello. Yes sir. As I say, thank God for the basketball strike. At least we got a front page in Harold, I'm hockey. What's good to happen when the strike is over in a couple of hours. We're probably going to disappear all together from the sports page. Probably. You know, right now we have Mickey Erson's face on that. Yeah, we can get open and see where the hockey standings are and everything. And the students basketball comes in. We'll see Riley, morning, who else, hard away. Who knows? And you're going to have to go through the whole paper. Which they didn't know that as it is. Well, it takes up a lot of space to put all those tall sparks as pictures. And there you know that. Well, that's it. You know what? That's the whole thing. Right. Yeah. Did you remind you of a Marsha clock with a good damn? No. I thought she was worse than Marsha. Yeah. Good. That possible. Yes. I thought she was like like a high school girl. I thought it was like the amateur hour. And all of a sudden everybody's raving about her. Wow. Effective. She was. It was a great presentation. She made. Maybe it was a great presentation. If she was talking about her or not impeaching the president. I don't know. I thought it was a right. Yeah. That's fine. Yeah. Good point. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. We have it over. Come on. Let's have some response. Like I said. I'll go off and taste. Lay it right on the table here. Okay. Let's put it right out here. I can handle it. I'm a big boy. And find out what the deal is. Because it's obvious that there are things that I think are important that I'm concerned about. I think are like. The most exciting things go on this town. And they're like light years away from whatever the QM audience is thinking about. You're a famous 560. 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. sunrise. Hello. Hello. Let me. My name is. Okay. Great. Open line and draw it to a date. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. It's me. Great. Congratulations to your sir. And it's me too. Here's Kendall. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes. Hi. I'm with the representative from Wisconsin, one of House managers and his presentation for the prosecutors. He just speaks for over and over again about how it's the person that he's in by way. Yeah. Like about 20 times, right. So the reason she spoke to the end was to say in effect, look, if you're worried about civil rise, you don't have to worry about it because this president is, you know, get more civil rights than any of you. If any of the managers doesn't mean anything. and has nothing to do with the case with the fact of the case with the has nothing to do with anything other than here's a a light-complexed black woman who's talking about the fact that isn't she so proud to be there before congress and she's been on the staff for six years of the white house and uh... wouldn't her ancestors be proud and uh... you know what is that had to do with any of it well like i said you know the he said the thing to the sky made a big deal that she the polygons was really the park which is a third okay i mean anybody with any intelligence that you know the deal is that she you with the dressing that kind of point and the other thing i'd like to say about it is that um... she all the was embarrassing well i mean that you know you're i'd respect your opinion and you're very smart guy but i mean if you i was looking on the internet today yeah and um... she got ready for views that that's what i'm talking about she got ready for views from everybody like this was one of the most dynamic defenses ever put before the public and that's why i'm asking i must miss something well as a one one thing for technical thing you are no about i tried calling you like five times on the funder on the find yeah it rang and rang and rang and rang and rang what time was that just just in the last few minutes because that's what i called yeah and i had a call December like about five times before you know i got it and it was a little problem on our phone system again here they sure would be the first time it is one-four place but i know i thought i'd be the way i thought i'd let you know but anyway uh that that's the reason i think she did it because that if i said she was comparing polygons to rose apart which is you know what can i say we're on the right now okay okay okay down to two calls again i guess we better get the calmer result re-stop again ready to go get the loop out open line and drower in all three and day five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile and four lotterdale hello mobile info a lotterdale hey new yes sir hey i wanted to tell you i went to my doctor the other day also i had like this kind of like a sun spot on my forehead just wanted to come out i you know i went ahead and check it out yeah and he says to me uh yeah you better go to a dermatologist uh it kind of looks like it could be something um i really don't want to get involved yeah uh he doesn't want to get involved yeah and uh also i wanted to i was out in California for you to tell me about California what i'm wondering is why my doctor comes to a hockey game and sees me like for the second time since i've had this for weeks and weeks now and looks and said oh yeah that's interesting and feels my skin oh yeah it's like boiling hot and uh you know anyway i like to be one of anything's don't worry you still don't need me here and then like after like weeks are going by well you know dermatology isn't one of my specialties yeah i think i'm gonna be back to my other uh i can't get an appointment until Monday i'm gonna sit around with a red face all weekend until Monday and they'll probably tell me why do you go and then you go see uh somebody else i'm i'm trying to get a witch doctor i'm trying to get a question out of him about you know what does it be and uh just questioning me about what kind it's like this recently changed my answer yeah and he's questioning this question i made about that and i mean what's the point of going to a doctor is spending hundred to dollars without the night at least looking for what the root causes of whatever the problem is identifying it creating it doing something besides giving you some conversation about you'll be fine you don't need me that's not my idea of a doctor that's good i know um dad i gotta go with my battery time but um i was on California that's one of the uh Phil Henry's still rule okay okay Neil thanks buddy yeah okay bye are you sure positive okay open line at drower in all three and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we're kicking some serious rectum today our own here's deer field be chill oh can't hear you bad crank call sir because you were hitting here where do you were saying here's four lotterdale hello hey Neil the they're calling then chandoh pen pants literally today in the hearing there why the calling then chandoh pants annually Jim right his brother is out in the hallway yeah he's in the hallway unfortunately uh you know you know there's some great articles now about how to write wing is uh you know i mean they can trip it all the money it's just the whole key i mean they do what they want them to do they pay to pipe or they need to now work so uh the chandoh Mike's uh straighten it all out okay thank you sir whatever you said okay we got two open lines today two and bro our five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hi Neil yes ma'am pinch me i'm dreaming probably his god yeah all this towns on fire about a sweetheart well i can't wait i've got the tickets to the game the first game home game and he gets back can't wait and i'm watching a lot of the um presentation yesterday by uh Cheryl mill yes and i couldn't disagree more with you um i thought she did a fantastic job because she contrasted so sparkly the presentation that the house idiots made where they were all stride and screaming about the picture and you couldn't look at the details you have to look at the picture when the thought is that if you break it down to its elements which from a legal perspective is how you win a case it falls upon it the case doesn't hold water if you break it down to it small a element and that's what she did and i thought she did it very effectively well maybe i should maybe she'd have watched the whole thing but i probably would have gone into a coma because i couldn't i couldn't handle any more of it well it gives you a boring this week it is boring when you break it down you start talking about the beducia and what time does happen versus what time man how you get it i didn't hear her talking about my any my new show about the uh the allegations about the president i heard her talking about herself and about racism like this guy or saw the end of it where she started this business about racism and college jump and it had nothing to do with anything you might and it was a bit it was a very small part of her overall yeah well thank god for that so i must have missed a good stuff well it was it was it was a i thought of very effective presentation and uh personally an embarrassment that bill McCollum that was at the school of the congress yeah and what about Charles Kennedy uh him too he makes bill McCollum is even like a uh Sunday school preacher that's true i think they all i think we ought to get rid of all of them unfortunately we don't get to vote again and thank god we didn't think i don't live where in the lakeland well that's that's no accident isn't i have a great day by Neil bye bye one open line of day one in Broward five six seven oh five sixty pomb five sixty on a mobile one line is we continue searching for the answers here here is Philadelphia hello yeah yes sir how's it going today okay i did send us your video the day pardon i said it's great i'm so excited about the boring yeah that was i saw the uh the highlights lab i had a russian just a film i mean i can't believe the nobody's that excited down there sure i want to tell you the excitement level here you could cut it with your toenail it doesn't exist ah they have no idea who he is they don't care they didn't watch the game last night and if he's on a front page of the hero the day full color picture they still don't care they that these people are in a vacuum whatever their life consists of whatever it is that they know about is so distant from anything that i think is interesting important or whatever and it's a miracle i've lasted more than twenty three days in his town well i'm like the bell i'm coming down there for the Dallas game next week and i just can't wait to say well it's worth a price of a mission believe me alright you guys have a good day okay you too yeah getting calls from Philadelphia how do you like that the city what it may have some idea what the sport is all about especially since they got those 56 points and they're sitting there and forcing the conference and the bees are were shutting out everybody night after night after night even though course we know he's a bad guy we have an open line in grower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line two open lines in grower four hundred open lines in grower you got a real cooking day yeah but wait you know this content I'm Mary Selma, you know what? You got me talking on the passion song. Tell me the story about how you got Sloan. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow! Oh, oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh! Oh! I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I got you down. Oh! Oh! Oh! I got you down. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I got you down. Oh, oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Here on the show, theさん says they don't stop at each night. Hooray, a sexweets with a black or blue, right? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah! Holy cow! I'll tell you what's much before I hang up the phone. I'll catch you down. I'll tell you what's going on. I'll tell you what's going on. You can sit down and wait until I turn right. I'll be right on the right. On the right. There she is again showing up. What does that have to do with anything? No, seriously. It sounds very nice and it's very flowery. He's got a great record on silver rights and hired a lot of women in minorities. It's set of them so on. But what does that have to do with the allegations against him? What does that have to do with the surgery and the structure of justice? I would say absolutely nothing. But hey, listen, I'm glad everybody liked her. All I can say to that is, oh, right. Nice going sweetheart. Here's a call from Vancouver. Dale. Yes sir. You can love this guy. What do you mean? I'm going to love him. I already loved him. And then I've seen him come from Sanctuary. I'm here and you guys. And I don't know if anyone's buzzing about him down there. I'm the only one sir. I think it's going on. They wouldn't know a hockey puck from a lenders bagel from a Tim Horton The famous sir. That's right. Well, he's going to like that ton on fire. Well, I'm going to the game last night. That's what I thought when I came near this morning. Well, we thought for seven years. Guy hasn't played for nine months. He gets off a dollar jet lag. A 12 hour plane trip from Marsha. He gets on a ice that exates. He plays only 12 minutes at nine seconds in the game. And still score two goals in the little sets of team on fire. Incredible. Yeah. Well, we're 30 feet in the go. But take care of him for us. Okay. We'll take good care of him. Okay. Take care. Good luck. Fine. Okay. There's a call. They're calling from Philadelphia. They're calling from Vancouver. Real hockey cities. Okay. Towns where they really know a superstar athlete when they can smell one. Okay. The guy in our uniform last night when the guy then came for you single handedly, practically, taken from the depths of the spear and putting him ahead and like lighting the whole guy damn bunch of month fire since his contagious because greatness robs off, which didn't work on his radio station, but nevertheless. Calling for out of town, baby. They're listening out of town. All over the whole world is listening right now to this radio station. And the guy damn audio net wondering what kind of a bunch of assholes lived down there at South Florida. That you just got the second coming of Jesus without the sandals and you're still sitting around like that doing mumbling things. Hey, you think Lee buzz good at win 40 games this year and I knew stadium or that a bill for John Henry. You think so. Man. Sorry. Sorry. Ask crap, baby. Here's coconut grove. Hello. Hi. Yes. I'm sorry on the ESPN dot com fuck sports all over the internet last night. Over the world. Yeah. We're not here. I know. The so called Russian rocket. I'm very embarrassed. I don't like these newspapers are the so called Russian rocket by our so called newspapers both of monofunk page using the same ass and I in juvenile expression. Trying to be too clever instead of just being straight out and that's the main problem with all the little punk's writing that those papers are trying to show you how clever they are with their little bunch of five year olds. Yeah. Look at these guys looking at a job in a high school newspaper. Speaking of high school, I couldn't agree with you more about that Cheryl Mills. So far more I could be a compliment. I've watched the whole thing. Now I'm going to say that I know the civil rights thing is like very puzzling but I am going to say that the reason why she said that was because it was even more puzzling to see all those right wing hypocrites last week talking about what a danger to civil rights will be if we don't remove claim to. The same ones that were talking about what a bitch I need to heal was by the way. Right right right so so like I said I know it's kind of puzzling but you know it's better for her to take that issue back and really highlight how ridiculous it was for those more on to be saying we've got to get rid of Clinton or civil rights are going to be damaged. Yeah. I mean you know I'm going to give her a little credit on that but otherwise I was I was so glad to turn on the radio today and hear you like always saying exactly what I would have been saying I have to hold things I mean not just for I mean from the beginning from sense and bomber whatever the hell I mean is and so within two minutes of her beginning to speak I was screaming at the TV I could not believe I hate to say to some one thousand percent for the president but I hate to say that was the worst classic manifestation of tokenism. The damage that I'm holding in that statement for. That's right. All it was it says idiot and most of the major part of it is to show me how clever he is it is that it's better than nobody is going to stand up there and say she sucks you know because no talk they'll be a racist she sucks he sucked absolutely sucked. So for delivery sucked and the point is is that all the points that she made couldn't be made by anybody are particularly a little fire and even a little bit of umbridge at that the fact that these house right wing nuts are so full of it. And and this Gregory Craig guy the guy that preceded it as both of those they he kept fumbling and fumbling and stumbling and I mean he it my little dog is more articulate than he is. Chuck Ruff was the best so far of the president. What does that tell you and he kept falling over in the drop of the lava layer my kind of a hell was no best. I gotta say about McCarram okay this guy is the body part guy okay you really you realize that he's the one to keep walking out on the steps of whatever whatever when ever when he talks and he's going to keep insisting that the heart of the purgery is about which body part were touched by who yeah my and knew I knew that we had a problem with him when he said did which the notion in the basket we're thinking to talk about they'd like to I guess they were like passing at a who wants to talk about this and who wants to talk about the body part and surprise me if he said a couple of us though he's in his right to surprise me at all and have a great day God bless you. There's a real call how do you like that all right man I feel better now see I'm amazing doesn't take on off a lot but we're still waiting to find out what the WQM audience would like here in mid day between 10 and 2 because obviously not this anymore you know the first couple months after the comeback you know after that's a month layoff and nice paid vacation first couple months we had gigantic numbers and it was this legitimate enthusiasm and the phones were smoking off the hook when they could get to the phone since it was all screwed up and it was great and now it's like yeah you know I want you talking about we don't care we don't like it we're not interested you full of crap you like you're just off bass mr. your off bass you're out there in Lala land and we're here with our feet firmly planted in Lala land okay and we're sick and tired of it. I could just you know I could I could handle it if I could find a real doctor that's the one thing I'm desperate I'm putting out a plea to the general public out there I can't wait until Monday afternoon. I'm going to the dermatologist to burn off a couple of little zits or whatever I got here and look at the other thing. I will we don't know you know a doctor that actually might do something that might actually take some tests like a whole whatever it takes to whatever you don't want to say because you see it you're sitting in there and every day I come and say to George because when you look in the mirror you can't tell for yourself you know when you look you know how does that rash look on my neck that redness that's got my neck that's feeling of fire I'm my neck in my face my skin no fever no temperature just this redness and today like a little little tiny bit better every day is it a little tiny bit it's a little bit and how about the rash 21 till noon and in a look at for a doctor for a veterinarian this time because this basically is a time for dead people so we got everybody down here to take care of old dead decaying people not living and breathing people would like to live another couple of weeks well I say I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman I'm a woman Now, this is the most important thing we've ever had ever had ever lived long enough. When we go upstairs on the third floor, those new studios of the St. Crapio de Cuidman, and we're supposed to be banned from smoking like cigars or any smoking period up there. And I'll go along with that. But we will be smoking weed. Yeah, I'm Mark. Up there on the third floor. Above our little Jamaica, we should have no trouble keeping a constant supply. That's the compromise, okay? No cigars. We can smoke our next cigars after hours before hours. Uh, in between periods of the hockey games go out on the Fernanda. But a little weed up there. Yeah, I'm Mark. That might kind of change everything a little bit. Here's Margue, hello. Margue. Yeah, now. Yes, sir. So, I'm interested in news from the today show this morning. It seems like the Christian coalition is even, I mean, some of the people are trying to bring this to a stop. Pat Robinson put out a message in the woods that from sub-reelation standpoint, this is a nightmare. And he says, let's end this and move on. From a public relations standpoint, what is an interesting way to put it? In other words, all these right wingers now are starting to sniff the panties and see those poll ratings go through the sky through their ceiling after the estate of the unit rest here. And now they're saying, well, you know, it's bad PR will better come to class. Exactly. They relate to this political suicide and they want to find a way out of this with a, you know, They're a little slow catching on, don't you think? Yeah, exactly. And also, also, another thing. Did you see Larry King that tonight to go? No. But he said, well, he had Bob Woodward on. No. And Woodward has something interesting to say. He said that he can work with the reliable sources that Monaco Linsky agrees now with the first lady when she said about a right wing, that's where he went to the conspiracy. Right. And she was set up and others to be part of it. Uh-huh. And also, Martin Fitzwater said that he'd be Myers, the aware of the independent council before she stepped up to the job. And also, about you. Yeah. You know, that was pretty good to say that. I was going to see, you know, they have a lot to be aware of, right? Right. And you're going to go about your job. Yeah. I'm 17 for a lot of years. And you're, you're the best in motivating an audience. So looking at all these, we're friendly. But this time we'll never change. And it's a matter of how long you, you, you want to, I think we didn't bounce out. How long do you want to go through with it? It's like an endurance contest. Yeah. I think it's like the audience is testing me to see how long. In other words, it's like a balance between that big paycheck. I get every 15 days. Or whether it's worth telling yourself coming in here, trying to beat them in, it will be something about anything. But if you try to win, you've succeeded in every type of platform there is. I mean, you've been a data. You've been in all sorts of times. Yeah. And you've always succeeded. But how, I think you're, I think two more years, then you'll be out of here. I think you, you, you feel like you're going to be. I think you're right. Two more hours in that could do it. Exactly. Two more minutes in that might be over. Have a great day. Sorry about it. God bless you. No, she actually, if I felt good, then I could fight the good fight. You know what I'm saying? If I didn't have this crap. If I had a doctor. I don't want to knock Dr. Marcos. He's made himself, you know, he injected himself. He put himself in his position. And he even said to me, they say, well, you know, I'm in a delicate position because I'm made myself a public figure. What you did then? You chose to do that. And the onus is on your shoulders now, Dr. And just saying to somebody, well, you know, you're fine. You don't need me. It'll go away. That's not my specialty. I never stole a freight train. That doesn't do anything. I mean, there comes a, there comes a point of endurance when you can only handle something for so long and it becomes so uncomfortable and so annoying to say, please, somebody either chop my head off or find out what this is and let's move on with life and help it go away. As opposed to, well, let's find you a dermatologist who's got a good sense to humor. I don't want a sense to humor. I don't want patch atoms. I can't even stand Robin Williams. I don't want a sense to humor. I want some anti-biotics. I want some pills. I want some drugs. I want some injections. I want some good weed. I'm not. That's what I mean. I don't even smoke it. But I think I'm going to start right now. Here's a lady in my baby, Chelo. I know. Yes, man. I just wanted to present maybe another aspect about Cheryl Mills. Yes. It's not so much the content or what she's saying. Yeah. It's the appearance that he has a woman, descending his sexual behavior and moral. He's been kind of women in the Congress. I mean, Maxine Waters and all these other women, Barbara Boxer in the Senate and Diane Findstown. He's got a Zidian woman who have been defending him all along. Right. But I mean, he could, as far as the content goes, seek it in. And he could have any one of his men attorneys, bring out the strong points of his case. But all the Republicans that were accusing him, you know, was the bad thing about how he used poor Monica and took advantage of this young person. And you know, by using her to defend him, you know, and his sexual behavior that is so disturbing to a live woman, that, you know, she's saying, no, it's just a contrary that, you know, you could have any attorney he wants, but he's putting his fate and my hands to step up here and defend him. Yeah. So that's just my take. But did you think she was effective? Do you think what she said was effective? Do you think she delivered it? Well, I'd say again, it's not so much what she's saying. We're just the fact that she was there. Is that she's the woman's band up for him, you know, and finding that it's not also bad, you know, you know, just that sexual behavior wasn't that bad. You know, they'll be turned off. And not poor and Monica was this slut anyway. Right. That's a lot of stuff. Exactly. Okay, everybody, thanks. Yeah. Okay. Now I'm starting to catch on a little bit. Am I catching on now? No. We have an open line of day five signal. Seriously, if it were for what have been me, if I were in his squeaky shoes, I'd had that big Allen douchewoods up there yesterday. And he would adjust the rip them in ass. He would adjust the rock the house down. They would have had to give a sitting ovation because, you know, they're under a probably can't speak or they go straight to jail. But, uh, boy, I'm saying he would have he would have just brought the whole guy damn house down. Allen douchewoods. Even though, you know, I was pissed off at him at the O.J. thing, but he's like all lawyers. He's a horror. So, you know, they're going to pay him some money. He'll defend anybody. He don't give a crap. But there's a guy who's like forceful and articulate knows the law and knows the constitution. And he's Jewish beside. Here's Margave. Hello. Hey, good morning. You don't just want to say I've been, uh, fired up by this trade since the weekend. You got Burry camp on the left post with me camp on the right post. Although Burry, God, thank you Wayne. Okay. Yeah. How about a little for Wayne? Why? Okay. There you go. My lips are the only one on Wayne's record. Hey, how do you like that? There's a few other parents, right, a good in there. Why, I do a hypocrite. No, not a hypocrite. I just want to give credit where credit is due. I can't stand the guy. I get physically ill when I see him. It has ball headed, it's not he had to do. But nevertheless, he finally made a commitment to the organization that I care about a lot. And made it worthwhile, go over there that big, uh, $2 million a month and then we build for him. Now just get the ice straight and now get the goal. I, uh, you know, angled out so we might see him once in a while since they might be going on a hell of a lot more from now on. I mean, you know, can't, can you imagine it? Here's Pablo Burry gets a pass at center rice. He streaks across the blue line. He goes in a loan. He deaks the goal. He's last night. He sticks it in the net and you can't see the goal. Like, you know, somehow there's a little something missing there. How what does it take to explain to these dumb goiom in that organization over there at that macarina? People that just don't know how to put on a good show. You know, I heard them this morning talking about why, you know, if we have a new stadium, John Henry, we got to have more of the bleachers stuff and Joe roses on there. Oh, yeah, we got to have more of the antics for the kid. People will come out just to see the game. Well, isn't that great? We got to have a dog and pony show out there because the game is obviously so boring, baseball. We got to have a whole bunch of crap going on and the bleachers out there. Otherwise, people won't show up. Great. We have an open line of date County 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Hey, Goldberg from Schuillist, take two to a clock to book. 36 to 7. Panther pregame at 7 o'clock to Panthers at the Rangers at the garden 730 tonight. The so-called Russian rocket will be on the ice. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Neil. Yes. Who had it to me? Do you know what I'm saying to you? What is this? That's nuts. I'm asking you all you were doing, exactly. Oh, I was to leave. That's the only word I know. I don't know. Oh, I don't know what it means, but I was to leave. I don't know. I can't translate that. You're Dutch and you don't know what that word means? Well, I know what it means to Dutch, but in English, I don't know. Please. Yeah, it's kind of like, uh, like, like, Priego in, uh, a little, a Laura, a Laura in, uh, okay, uh, in the tagging. Yeah, I know. Emma called in about the hockey. We were very excited about the, uh, the last night. Right. So to every home game and I'll be there again when you say that. Well, I'll tell you one thing. They're better not be one at these seats in that place. When it, or I am personally going to see who's responsible for it. That's right. Good. It's pretty good. If there's any at these seats, I will go out before you get in and drag people in. Oh, I want this wood. Yeah, why don't you do that? I'm going to do it. I'm going to help you. Okay. Okay. Austin, please. That's one language. I'm not going to tackle. Thank God they speak English there in Holland. Dutch, man, I mean, a lot of, a lot of gutter will stop. Maybe if you eat all that fish, you know, they eat a lot of fish, a lot of eel, a lot of snails. Which kind of like, you know, they look like snails, but they're not. It's not. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Poor George is in there today. Go through a big song that I've answered with his audio vault. Would you want to start a big thing about that again? Because I have a good memory. I haven't had my Alzheimer's hasn't kicked in quite yet. Just about the, oh, the 10 or 11 months ago when I first came on here and started making trouble about the muddy spots that you couldn't understand on the air that advertisers pay them for. And he's people pretended they didn't know what I was talking about. And then to pass it by us, oh, yeah, well, we're not going to play those old cards anymore. But all those broken down car machines were getting the audio vault computer. So the spots will also on crisp and clear and you can understand those little 10 year old kid and what they're saying on those spots. Here we are. It's January 20th, 21st, 1999. Has the audio vault been working on QAN these last 10 months? No. I do like that. And we've got in the other room now. Is the work in Liao sometimes? Yeah. Sometimes. You know? Yeah, that's right. It's kind of like a man. Yeah. Depending on how you look at it, not just one thing. It's part of the screen. Right. That's exactly right. Isn't it? Yeah. And towards you're just spending all of his time on the phone over there with the other bill. Oh, is this spot in here? That's what we're like yesterday. We got a whole bunch of the board ops from the other shows and the producers over here trying to get a perimeter on how to handle this damn thing. And in the meantime, I'm sitting here trying to do a radio show. And our program director sits in the phone yesterday. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, you got a good point. I enjoy hearing George on the year, too. I said, it's not a question hearing George on the year giving me banter back and forth. It's a question like answering the phone, paying attention to whatever is going on here. Doing the new Roger show is what we're trying to do here. Because we got a program director and a sales manager between the two of them have got no concept of what it takes to do a radio show. None. Zero. Less than none. Those are the clown with that red nose that he borrowed from Robin Williams. He's got a better idea of what they'll take. Zero Roger's got. There's someone with you in my case. No. Papa, so not around new here, they all stop. I'll tell you where I'm going to go. Oh, I'm losing in my 80s and we don't write our trust. You joined the other who will. Are you? I'm ages into the back where I carry my cock. You can hear of God's students. And this my kill was no kill. That's all that bends on it. I win or lose. Papa draw a knife. I'll be shot by two pairs. My three of the keys. When you're so blizzard with a latin's and barbaric is the way. You can see the pector ring all wrongs. Growing tips as a block of wounds. We use cock's fighting as an elephant. Two cow's are what we do inside. We're so hot. I'm the man in the eye. And hide the curtain all the moth's your eyes are given a week to his bandage brown eye. Papa draw a knife. We talk to the guy before. When you're so blizzard with a latin's and barbaric is the way. You can see the pector ring all wrongs. We're talking about what constitutes sex. You know that study that they did the journal the American Medical Association. The guy that got fired for publishing it and it set him on. And the majority of people almost unanimous said that oral sex does not constitute sex. All of his bandage callers is anal sex never constitute sex. However, I was thinking about it later on and I will say this having had a limited amount of experience. Having had a tremendous amount of experience. That if you're having sex if you're administering oral sex to a uncircum-sized man. And you roll back the foreskin. That is definitely sex. If you what? Because that makes it much more personal. So in other words, if you're Jewish you can get a oral sex. It's never sex. Okay? All right. Never constitute sex. But if you're like European, if you're Hispanic, if you're like, I want those other barbarians walking around with foreskin. And the administer of the oral sex rolls the foreskin back. That's a conscious act that makes the entire process more intimate. And therefore definitely constitute sex. What if it rolls back, well, that's a well, and of course also it depends on whether the head actually pops out and that he's going during your experience and says hello. If it doesn't, you're not doing it right. Well, like I said, Did that with the always talking about rolling back the prices? Here's South Miami. Hello. I'm a little bit more. Yes, sir. 25 year hockey fan six year season ticket holder for who won is just thrilled that he's here. Yes. Definitely. Four of us in the other. The people out of town are more than those first than the people in town. That's the best part. There's probably eight or ten superstars in the league and now the Panthers have one of them. Right. His presence on the ice will pick up the player, the other player. Did you watch the game last night? It was great. I mean, I thought the Vorac was fast. Yeah. Yeah. I also noticed, you know, as the Vorac at the first goal, he got since December 30th. And once Pavel got the first goal, the rest of the guy started lifting up their game. And that's what a superstar does. That's what a lot of people don't realize. A lot of these young players who've been like aimlessly skating around without any leadership, without any inspiration. Now all of a sudden they're going to turn up their performance several matches. Well, they've always said that. You've got four guys on the ice and they're okay. He walks on the ice. Tell you have five good players. Right. He just hope it happened. I just hope that he winds up on along with Whitney a lot because they both make great passes. And they compliment each other. I think like that five on three goal. I got last night. That was just a beautiful thing. A thing would hit in a way. Now, do you think McLean comes out of the net too much? Yes. You think he's going to get stuck when he starts. Right. There he of course. And he shares the hell out of me. There are two things that he does. Well, I mean, most of what he does, Bob, this is an include in that first greasy goal. But after that he was okay. But one of the things that he does is that he freezes the puck when it doesn't. He slows the game down to a crawl either because he doesn't have a lot of confidence in his defense or in himself. But he just freezes like the bees are used to do that to I hate that instead of playing it and keep in the action going give you to the defense and he freezes it too much. And also like you said, I mean, there are a couple of times last night when he was like stuck behind the net. And it was only a miracle that they couldn't get the puck in the empty night. We skated a couple of times. But by the way, long time moderate Republicans just fed up with the whole scenario. And I hope it goes away. Amen. We should just look tonight. All right. Yeah, the, uh, not that the so-called Russian rocket has got his feet wet and got a little, you know, little of that jet lag, worn off, maybe he'll get through your fort tonight. We have an open line and then of course the range of hands no matter what they say, they're just jealous because they would they would kiss the ground. They would kiss everybody's ass if they could have had him. Here's a mobile in medley. Hello. Yes, sir. The reason why I, uh, were a less Vancouver to last year, and it was in his contract that if he was break 50 goals, there we get a bonus for that year. And the next year that you'd be paid top two players like the doggard and a ginger and a ginger. And then they would, they would hesitate and chuck and then drive and so he'd forget it. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my. What, what, what, I mean, he's making, he was making $8 million this year and his contract with Vancouver. Uh, Yageray, making a $8 million. I think he's making $7 million in some business. I'm not sure. I thought they were all making around $8. Yeah, I thought, but that was his salary was on cover this year. 8 million of which there's three million left with the, the Panthers will be paying him. Well, maybe that didn't get me like one or two million dollar per last year. Yeah. And I mean, he did things that they made a lot of promises to them and they jerked him around and they didn't treat him fairly. And by when you're in his, uh, it'll, he'll, his league and your head's in shoulders of everybody else. And he deserved to be treated with respect and the way you, uh, they told him they would. Yeah, and thank me and, uh, Messier, that, he was a little upset with Messier. He's like a third of a player he is and Messier is making what six. Yeah, and that's why. Well, good, good luck for us. And thanks for the good news. We have an open line of day one in Broward, whatever you said, five six, seven, five 60, pound five 60 on the 18 T. Why list on whatever he said. All of you, string right. Here's a full waterdale. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Hey Neil, how's it going? Okay. Hey, I really appreciate you show. Listen, I got good news for you. Yeah. I got, uh, your remedy. And also, you've always had for people who had any kind of hot stock, just for the week to give you a call. Yes, sir. I got both of them for it. All right. So it's one of the same, this company is a new homeopathic company. A homeopathic? A homeopathic? Yeah. A homeopathic. Mm-hmm. Uh, one of the projects increases T cell counts by 1300 percent within the first hour that you take it. Yeah. And it's like what's the whole bit. I mean, it's all my aphazard and very well documented. That's a bottom line is the private company right now about to go public. I probably in the next six months. And you might be also interested in the stock. Yeah. I love the fact that you're on the nail. Okay. It's just an information. Uh, take it through, uh, to your doctors and see if this could help you out. Take it to my doctors or just take it. And besides smoking too joints in the morning, that's that should fix it. Okay. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Watch that back. You got the number? I sure do. Okay, see you. What did you say? I already screwed. Yeah, that's what I thought. Okay. We have an open line in day one in Broward. 560, 750, 50, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless fund. Now what's going on? Where are I going to bring in a whole bunch of boxes over here again today? Are we going to start in that? Like, where we picked off the S today? Are we doing that again? Yes. And then what? Good luck to them. Good luck to them. What? I've used this machine for a lot. Like a long time. The audio file? I have a lot of fun right now. In other words, it's a piece of crap. Is that what you're saying? No, it's just, you know, it's only halfway done. Yeah. Everyone have a good time. I mean, who wants to get only halfway done? If you're going to get done, get done all the way. Maybe. Or if you want to get halfway done for Christ's. Even Boba would want to get just, well, no, several times she said he was only halfway done. Well, maybe he was busy. See, a lot of you, right wingers are jealous. Okay. Who else could be taking care of world events on the telephone? He getting service at the same time. Oh. So it's going to be a real picnic for these guys. But guess what? We do have the answer. That's the good news. To leave. How? Aaron's coming. You know, let's get some fat. Let's get some fat. Let's get some fat. Let's get some fat. Let's get some fat. She looks like a guy. She's 7 feet wide. She's 7 feet wide. She makes me want to touch Christ. Sometimes. And then, let's get some fat. Okay. Let's get some fat. Whipped on the belly, chin. She's so cute. I've loaded and I'll sleep at it. That's how it's got to be. She wants a beauty. She's stop with you, Z. And ripping the rant, half of the song's like this. But we find that all using from that self-promoting of the youth. Well, it's. How much were you today? Four monics today. My Richard C. Melence C. I want you all with reading a lot. Okay, I get it when I get to work. I can go to bed. Wait me a month, I'll find a thing. You're a fool. You've had a pop in South East, Melanie. You're really that drudging of me. You're a bit of a bad decision. Since folks are seated at 5.60WQM, we have an open line in date. One in Broward 5.6705. 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Westchester, hello. Yeah, hi, Dessert. Good afternoon. Just another perspective on the trade as it, I mean, nobody can say enough words about Pablo Roy. He's, but he is. But Monday night after that, that debacle in Barcelona. Yeah. I found a saw something. So I tried to watch as closely as possible last night. And I'm sure that I saw it. This advancement that we got in place of Jolho. Brad, how to can you? I had a con right. He hasn't half thought. He's excellent. He's a tremendous defenseman. He's a great skater. He had two assist last night. He put the ball back in there alone for that goal. Eight in the game, the fifth goal. He's outstanding. This, this was a steal of the century. That's right. It, the, the, I mean, he's not going to make a bunch of stupid bone head, the stakes over and over again, like, like a special ed, because he's got intelligence. Eddie, I'm actually Ed Jolho and I was, he may be the greatest physical specimen to ever play the game. But what the fact is, he doesn't have the smarts to ever game. It's not a great scenario that they can all have physical specimen and it's not that it's shown us. Right. This guy brings intelligence. He's a smart hockey player. And a great skater too. You know, if, if the third member of the trade this far out, in the, in the, in the, in the miners. Right. If he pans out at all, this trade, we might have to, we might have to start kissing Ryan Murray's ass. Yeah, I'd know, please. No, you know what, that's really pushing us. Yeah, it's, don't, don't, I don't want to kiss too much. As you're one day. Not the spokesman. Anyway, I'm looking at, it's looking up. Well, thank God for us, pal. Yes. Okay, and have a great day. You can thank God for all 10 of us. And then what we're talking about here. And the rest of them are going, Lulu, Lulu, like what? Blum, Lulu, Lulu, Lulu, Lulu, Lulu, Right. Two open lines of day one and grow. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. So right in the middle of the shot. I think what we're going to do is do this every day. Is what we're going to do. Like right around the new hour, kind of like two, you know, break things up a little bit. We'll have the people from the other building come over here. And I'll sit in there with George and take a look at the audio vault and see what you can find where the spots are and how that thing works and posky amount a little bit and see, you know. This is kind of the way we're doing it. It's kind of like fumble and bumble and mumble your way through to see if this transition from the other building will actually ever take place here. And of course, the general manager ain't seen him lately. He's often hiding somewhere just like when we started in this studio back like a year ago. Often Chicago off-hiding somewhere at a lot of meetings. Here's Papa, hello. Hey, New York's going. Okay, sir. I had a call on, so I had a mantra that station's got to get their head out of the raft because digital is not going to solve the problem. I mean, if you're using animal updates and got someone that doesn't know how to record something. Yeah. Or if you got non-taught. Well, what do we care about that? I mean, well, what is the audio vault? Is it just a question of eliminating the carts and sticking it over here? Yeah, but it's something, if you got somebody that doesn't know what they're doing. Yeah. It's kind of suck and digital. It's audio vault versus animal updates. It's kind of making the difference. But we don't care. You understand, we don't care about that. Yeah, you're missing the point. The management here doesn't care what it sounds like. I mean, similar. Well, I'm wrong. It's just a lot easier to do a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Because the carts are expensive now. They don't even make them anymore. Yeah, but can't manage to understand it still because it sounds like that only. No. They don't care. They don't care. And you don't want to listen to me. They don't care. There you go. And have a nice day. Okay. Down to a couple calls on a board again. I'm just going to start tearing up the newspaper because it makes me feel a lot better. Yeah. Makes me feel like a real man. I start ripping up the newspaper in a little shreds. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. It's Mike and Lake Worth. Yes, sir. You remember back in the 80s when the island is that clearly. No, I don't want to talk about the old island. That's eight minutes. That's eight minutes. They're playing in front of empty crowds like last night. They're probably in there. They're all yelling Mike must go. Milbury must go. They're all taking pictures. History. They destroyed the franchise. They've got in one player. That was a catalyst. Yeah. Most people don't realize it was a butcher. Yeah. They've got in a butcher. Yeah. And I thought it was Denise Poppant. I thought it was Denise Poppant. I thought it was Denise Poppant. Denise Poppant. Denise Poppant? Denise Poppant. Denise Poppant. Denise Poppant? No, I have another question I want to post. You know, I'll turn it off. I'm listen. Who do you think is more ethical in broadcasting? People on the radio up people right articles for papers? We'll give you a minute to review off a comment. Yeah. More ethical. Wasn't it in there approach to journalism? Did people like yourself or romantic audience? I don't read it. I don't know. Journalists. I'm an entertainer. I never pretended to be a journalist. what you say has a lot of quality especially when it comes to hockey yeah well yeah well i'm a hockey journalist okay thank you sir okay one call left and a board what kind of music we got to that email yeah it's that noon whatever a gynser well used to call gynses grill unsaid remember those days boy makes one i want to upchuck when i think about it how about the soundtrack from the big chill that sounds good to me i don't have any six minute cuts like the cometer is three times the lady that was special yesterday that was really special five six seven oh five six day this is our pre-music request recalls here see if there's any interest left out here in the show and you know i asked i came right out openly and i was serious about it and nobody wants to respond because it's obvious this show is not going to find this radio station anymore what is it the odd it would you like to have boog in the christmore on back on it's what would you like to hear about the sports babe okay maybe they can play that twice and they can play that right off tape or they can go but i'm a potton put it on we don't have to worry about being in the studio where we're going to be this building that building let's get with it i can handle it oh no that i came here oh oh can't handle it CCR OD done CCR and that one year on zeta people's are cured me of CCR for the rest of my life that i cannot handle how about this reminds me of that blood it but it's a little bit stale at this point kind of like the audience we have an open line of date one and broad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile implantation hello hey Neil i already okay sure anything any couple things personal i dialed this pound by sixty but i don't have AT&T wireless how come i'm getting through i don't understand that well it's mobile one and AT&T wireless there you go back to all stops but anyway well whatever whatever whatever what if you got you don't be knocking it okay exactly what can't be for it