The Neil Roger show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale Marine and pass around the two above who be part of my game. The early going to crack the edge of the floating necklaces. The last two, two, three, three, have the standard miles run. When I saw you, you said you'd hit in a no-night jump. I never knew that I'd hit it without cracking my gun. I got a game, Gene Doc, full pair, three, have a... You know that every now and then, I feel some crack to go wild, dude. That's it. You got to be gone. Some was stuck on the intersection working for free food. Fran5 Button inwood, you know, the profits used in kind of vertical helps with no no-winds, dope. And then manufacturing on the one we should see last evenings at home. No bro, you're the one holding, who. Oh, yeah, please go to CREC City. And I go to film my CREC. I'm going to CREC City. You can count on that. I'm going to CREC City and blast my ramp. I'm going to CREC City. Cause I'll be better, Jay. Two, not for every time. Oh, both of these get off. You know, I need to tell you that. You need to do it, we don't get off. I need to tell you not. Oh, what? Oh, oh. Oh. 11, I'll three if I'm 60. If you're a man of the book is pros and cons, the CREC also play in the NFL by Jeff Bennett and Von Yeger. After her position determined that the fetus is not suffered any fatal injuries, Cups he opted to go through with the pregnancy. The derros mean, I received a call from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg. He Weinberg apologized to the police and said he was going to make sure the bills get paid. He's going to take care of it. See that Lamar gets counseling and they sure doesn't happen again, according to court documents. However, it did happen again. And the problem was not taken care of. After appearing in nine games for the dolphins in 1996, while his lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season, Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on February 24th, 1997. He was also ordered to spend 10 days in Broward County jail, which was to be served on weekends and to complete the 13 week better or intervention program at Lifeline in Miami. The dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11, 1997. Three weeks later, Thomas has ordered Cups he again. On March 29th, Metro-Dade Police were dispatched to the couples coconut grow home. Cups he at this point given birth to a baby boy who was now six weeks old. Upon arrival, the office is found Thomas holding the newborn. Cups he was discovered in the couple's bedroom, crying. Her underwear was torn. There was scratches on her right hand left shoulder renecked. After she told office her grasp that Thomas tore her underwear three times and choke her, he was arrested, issued his Miranda rights and escorted back of the police cruiser. After Thomas's arrest, probation office is learned that he had yet to begin the counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation. A subsequent report signed by Correctional Probation Supervisor, Jasmine V. Siegelman, and Correctional Probation Officer, Dore Jones, Reconciliation, the extended to 24 months with a longer period of counseling. Thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as a law-biting citizen. The report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated eighty-eight total sentencing point which carries a maximum of seventy-five months in state prison. Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the talented receiver had been for the convicted of anything. By the time the team resigned in the year later, Thomas was a convicted felon. Now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation of his probation. Did any of this change Thomas has planned status with an alphim? Not exactly. There were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team. No ultimatums lay down. But a wine bird said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling. There are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins are ugly because they want him to be the best player possible explained wine bird. But they're saying if you want to reach your full potential, then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems off the field. No one is capable of completely separating his personal life of this professional life. These things bleed through. Jimmy Johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas. The office however did interview other former daughter of dolphins familiar with the Thomas case. The role of the coach to win plays a large role in how the respond of these situations. Said ex-many dolphins defensive backliford hobbly in an interview for this book. Probably worked for the dolphins when the running backerving spikes was arrested for beating his wife in 1995. John Schuillow was the head coach then and how they saw stark differences in the way that spikes in the Thomas case were handled. On August 29, 1995, Pembro Pines police officers responded to a domestic violence complaint at Spice residents. According to the police reports, Spice took his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her to the floor. Stacey Spice's state injuries to the neck knees in right foot. The following day, Schuillow met with Spice was entering a second season in the NFL. Despite not yet to make convicted of anything, Spice was informed by Schuillow that he was on disciplinary probation for a full year. Any more incidents and he would be dismissed. The message violence is definitely something that Schuillow would not condone said hobbly. Who actively worked with Spice and then attempt to get him counseling. Schuillow made sure Spice got into counseling. It was mandatory. He had to go at least two hours a week. Spice felt threatened for his job. According to hobbly after Spice met with Schuillow, he said, if I get cut from here, who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy, Schuillow cuts me everybody respect him. Spice pleaded no contest to battery on May 16, 1996. However, as of the publication of this book, Spice's had no further contact with law enforcement for taking domestic violence. He was cut by the dolphins during the 1990-id-a season. In contrast, Thomas faced no apparent disciplinary action from Johnson, nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses. Oh, do I love that term? Anger management courses. Oh, under Schuillow, anything that you didn't got caught doing it, you were gone no matter who you were according to hobbly. Anything happens outside the realm of disorganization that I hear about. There's no question you didn't hear about here, Schuillow used to say. On April 24, 1997, Judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest for violating the terms of his probation. It read in part that probationer did commit the offensive simple battery on March 29, 1997 as alleged in date circuit court. Thomas was arrested again in jail pending his trial. It wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated according to Weinberg that Thomas started a confront his problem. One day, while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the Brewer County jail, a guard knocked on the door of the private cubicle and interrupted the conversation. It's time the guard said to Thomas, time for what Weinberg asked him. Weinberg soon discovered that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail and conjectual with a scared straight program, Thomas when he found out about their visit, had volunteered to speak to the youths. According to Weinberg, Thomas did up in front of the boys, wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit, and told him, I'm locked up here, I have a baby at home, I'm sending him to wrong signal, and I play football in the NFL to probably think I'm pretty tough. Well, guess what, I'm not too tough to cry, you never want to be in the situation I'm in. Prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against Thomas on May 14th, and he was released from jail. Cokesy has decided not to testify against Thomas leaving prosecutors without their prime witness. Cokesy's reluctance is typical of the must-e violence victims, but rarely understood by individuals who have experienced violence in the home. Sometimes victims had good reasons for not testifying, explained the must-e violence judge had Newman, former Dolphins' linens. The must-e violence is like a dance. In this dance, one of the aggressor perpetrator, the other is the victim. The victim adopts strategies to avoid the next beating. Some victims think in his procedural context of a trial that there'll be beaten if they set forward as a witness. Sometimes they're concerned about a retaliation. Sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator. After playing in two Superbowls under Schuylon Newman completed his lottery, and was later elected to the bench, he's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned to hear domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis. When there's an apparent problem when you see a young lady with a black eye and happens again and again, somebody needs to intervene to admit. Not only for the good of the individuals, but for the good of the image of the league and of the dolphins. Apparently, nobody had ever intervened on Ebony Cokesy's behalf. Thomas got talked to many times about the need to address his problems, but there was little incentive in the way of consequences. After his incarceration, however, Weinberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously. A black male, particularly one of the place professional sports, does not see reaching off her psychiatric helper counseling as a viable option explained Weinberg. They see that as a sign of weakness. So if it was a great value, it would have been a matter of a bank of reporters and said, I need professional counseling, and that doesn't mean that I'm not a man. According to Weinberg, Thomas cooks in their child, we're living together as of the spring of 1998. At that point in time, Thomas had been counseling for nearly a year. Thomas declined the office invitation to be interviewed for this book. As far as Jimmy Johnson's notice for keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults arrest in jail time, they want to win games Weinberg said there is no question about it, if they can get him to play his best, they've helped themselves, but I definitely noticed concern that this was separate in the part from just those issues. When assessing whether Johnson is acting out of RAW self-interester altruism, it is difficult to overlook that in 1998, Dan Marina was throwing the ball to two athletically gifted criminals. Thomas endured in both men convicted of violent crimes. His own words from a press conference October of 1997 seemed to sum up his motives best. The bottom line is production Jimmy said, alright, nice going Jimmy. Alright, okay, that's all I'm going to read. Sorry about all our reading, okay? But I know that most of you won't go out and buy the book and won't read it, so why not? Provisioned cons the criminals who play in the NFL. Remember, this is the best of the old Rogers, no calls today. It's all been previously recorded. Hey, Brian, are you happy? I hate W.I.D. again. I'm so glad to have you. Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw. It's a dicey situation for the Interpreter Wildlife Crew, as they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the Miss Orgy. Downman Richard is made with a 500-pound silver-backed male. Follow the couple as the Registrate Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern. It's all on tonight. Let's watch Animal Screw. By the way, one of the offerings offers you a better mix that says that the National Football League is far more ton of an violent crime than it is of other transgressions such as gambling and steroids because gambling and steroids get at the credibility of the game. But violence, that'd be okay. If you know when you come out of the ghetto, you're expected to be violent. Just a little anger man has been you'll be okay, huh? Like, oh, yeah, you'll be okay. Till you just lose it. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Go to hell. Yes, sir. How's it going today? Okay. Hello, Shrek. Oh, okay. Let's go over going to a cold game, hello. Yes, Neil, do you think it's safe to generalize everybody that comes out of the Intercity? Who did that? Sounds like you're doing it. Oh, I am? Yeah. In other words, we're reading specific stories about specific people. But so, did you hear any of the words that are red story? You just got a chip on it? No, it's because of music and you have the, uh, because of the music. There is typical black voice thing about cracked, you know, I don't think it's fair. Oh, you're talking about the bits that I play. Yeah. So who says that everybody that comes out of the Intercity is a criminal? Okay. That's, that's different. Okay. Okay. Well, thank God we straighten that out. Okay. Okay. So these claimers are that these professional ethics don't get all bent out of shape. Can't add a hero, okay, blow it out to your ass. Go find a line. Go get a search party. Open line and Broward. I'll say, this is a tremendous response after what I just read there. This is fascinating. Two bows goes back to back. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You could criticize these football players for what they did. How did you get off of your crime when you got caught? Oh, how did you get off of my life? Did I commit any violent crimes or was I accused of a violent crime blowout your ass? Oh, you know, this is unbelievable. This is exactly the mentality we're dealing with. And like I said, it's not these guys fault. It's the fan because they'll support it. They don't give a crap what these guys do as long as we win. As long as they run fast and jump high. Just like Brian Blades, baby. You don't have time to talk to you guys. He's got to go out there to see Antel and play. That's what Drew Rosenhaus said. Give me a fricking break, okay? Go talk to Pete Lee Herman and blow it out your ass. Here's a lady mobile in Delray Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. I do it. Okay, man. Hey, you know what? You are completely right. You got three more on back to back to back to back. Don't turn my thing because I'm not going to hear your road. You're going to get a lot of things. We don't want to hear about all the criminals on there. Yeah. I'm going to call it football team. I agree. I'm going to call you on the sport. All these other dumb jokes. I agree. I've been turned on to you for six months. And I've been transferred on my girlfriends and everything else on to you. I do. Anybody like that? No one. I don't have anyone. I don't want them. Well, we're all one. You bet you. And I agree with 95 or maybe almost 100% of what you say. And even with the OJ situation, okay? He goes and kills and gets off. And what do we do? We're still waiting. And look at tabloids. And they're in the team and mind that you don't want to. He went mind the day that he was debating a rest. He was going to walk out that we had all these assholes running around there with signs on the L.A. Freeway. Go OJ. You're in charge of the dumb assholes. America's weird. It's talking about a bunch of idiots. You got that right here. You got that right. And my thing is, I think, it's time to boycott football. Let's football with us. We see him sit there on the TV and our persons are getting a beer and watching it and going. Go, go, go. There's a word about his police record. What's going on? Give him enough. And home. Maybe they won't watch him no more. And games too. Yeah. I wouldn't spend the money to go to the gym. I wouldn't. My son won't buy a jersey from, uh, I think it was a dolphin. Some guy grabbed. I said, I won't see a dolphin jersey on your back son. And he, you know, hey, that's how my feelings are. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, good morning. Two open lines in Broward 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're absolutely right. I used to play football and they don't care. As long as you can run fast, jump high. Love you. Yeah. That's all we care about. They don't care about nothing else. You can kill somebody and they'll get you off of it. And, you know, I'm sure that there's some of these dolphins out there thinking, but you know, sure I didn't win anything in a long time. I mean, I think it's almost here to go. But, sure that at least was a, I didn't put up with this crap. But Jimmy Johnson, hey, we're 5 and 2. Do we need care about Jimmy does that? That's what he's got. He's got a point for Lisa. I love good. So he, he started doing whatever he can to make himself look good. Well, thank you. I'm going to get you training at you if I'm in a Dallas, too. Okay. I would have to do. Okay. Thank God that Michael Irvin's another one of those. And the guys that Jimmy can take credit for. We have an open line of day five. Oh, you can't say these things. I mean, yeah, right. And I'm going to go. Okay. Said before. How come the sports segment on this radio station? How come they're not the ones talking about this book and interviewing these authors? Because the several pages I read there is terminal on this boring is it may have been the some people. Nevertheless, that was all about stuff going right here in this town. And also there is a footnote by the way, which I didn't read, but just to show you how up to date the book is because it was written just a couple of months ago. It was a release. Editor's note at the end of chapter. I read Marine will not be heading off to Phillips and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented money back to replacing it began fumbling the ball in training camp. John Johnson explained a report is his decision to release Phillips had little to do with the trouble athletes. Most recent rest with the law. And police are and it says the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he has sold at the moment of my name. I mean I club in June and here it is the end of October. Were we heard any more about that? I haven't heard the final decision to that. No, whatever. Any more about that? No. Lawrence Phillips, one of the real scumbags in the history of the human race. Stuck his girlfriend and a guy named stand up post off his box there in Lincoln, Nebraska. Feet after beating the crap out of her. But hey, you know, these guys got to have anger management courses. They got to have, yeah, they came out of the ghetto. Tell the coal round that too, okay, that OJ came out of the ghetto until Ron Goldman and this family while you're at it. All these got excuses for aberrant unacceptable violent behavior, don't we? Here's Miami, hello. Public criminals. Yeah, okay. Here's a mobile in, uh, always like those guys who got to the photo. That's always impressive to me. A tin can over the phone. Mobile in Northwaterdale. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, I got to respond to this. This sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever. Um, this, there's, what you're talking about right now? It sounds like they're making a dirty, nothing. There's nothing new to anything you're saying. This has been going on in sports and getting a time. Yeah. And so, let's, so, in other words, people shouldn't be talking about it. I'm not, I'm just going, I don't know. You're right about bringing it to the public attention. But what I think is what's going on here and what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and the ability for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the air waves and make such a big fuss out of them in a hoop line, the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become social sensational that the big picture has been completely blown away. That these are people from under privileged areas. Oh, here we go. There's a lot of people. Okay. Okay. What's that underpin is, Jerry? I told that to Ron, go. Okay. I just got quite in here. I don't. I didn't intend to that. I told George that as soon as I finished reading, we went to the break and I said, the response is going to be from assholes like C Sir, I'll listen to anybody say almost any opinion, but that I will not listen to. I don't care. What area you come from? That's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people. It's not an excuse for murder. It's not an excuse for assault. It's not an excuse for treating women like like subhuman garbage. It's not an excuse. I'm sick and tired of hearing that. Whether you're black, whether you're white, I'm not interested in hearing it. Whether it's Bobby Cox, whether it's God Damoring, Spice, whether it's Mark Fitzpatrick, I don't want to hear about it. Mark Fitzpatrick didn't come from a guy named Underprivileged Neighborhood. Neither did Bobby Cox. Jesus, Joseph, what a sad sad sad sad. And you know, the interesting part is that points out in this book. See, and now you understand where he was coming from in the beginning. Well, the media's blown us all up. No, the media ought to be blown up. That's why this book is so guy damn great. Paying millions and dollars to the lowest scumbags on a face of death. Just like Mike Tyson, there's a classic example. See, the boxing fans in this country. They don't give a crap. What Mike's in how? Tyson is how many people he raped, how many ears he choose off, how average is behaviorist. They want to pay to see him fight some stumbleball on the gets because for whatever reason. Because of that net exciting. So don't confuse them with the fact. But this horse crack and addition to which these are the guys. These are the select few guys who've been taken out of the get-os. And given the opportunity to make millions and dollars. 80% of the players in the NBA are black. What would most of those guys be doing if they were playing basketball and they could millions and millions and dollars? What would they be doing? So when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions and dollars in the big hero and a big celebrity, and then you turn around and continue being a scumbag, something's wrong with you somewhere, right Mark Duper? I mean, you could go down the list. You've got to list as long as you're arm and your leg put together. And this guy's trying to make it, sir, I got, I'm in all my life. I've been a liberal, but you know something when it comes to this, that's why I draw the line. I'm not interested in the labels. When it comes to the death penalty, try them. When it comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people. Put them away and throw away the goddamn key. And I knew that this would be the, I told you that right during the break. I said you wait and see, oh, there were underprivileves. They came from the ghetto. They grew up in these gangs. Well, you know, something they were given a chance to get out. How many chances did they get? It's like how many beers does it take to enjoy a sporting event here? How many chances do they have to get before we finally say, well, you know. Thank God Lawrence Taylor got off drugs. Oh, I'm sorry. Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the best of meal Rogers. No live calls will be taken today. Meal is on tape. Okay, that day for many this, but he's not serious. Please don't call. The opinions heard on the meal Rogers show are those of the hosting callers. And you're not necessarily a less abusive view of these leading acquisitions. Or the measly broadcast group. It's management or anyone else for that matter. Now remember, this is the best of meal. Do not call. Put the damn phone down. Just relax and enjoy. On 560, you A.L. Well, Riddian, dumb-ass dirt. Every good Christian knows it can do. It's not so very hard to do. It's not a stop for a name of the game. It's a Bible of it. It's a human person. It's a way we do. Tell people you know the way. It's like they dream your heart. They're possessions away. They're bound to tear. And then you burn it down. You can get somebody to believe in. They're bound to you. They're bound to you. No matter what you do, you can be delirious. But the Lord will always forgive you. Think of a poison this may. They're bound to tear. They're bound to tear. Find a fortune-slander. They're bound to tear. They're cuter, doctor, down. Everybody pray for your words. They're in your pain. You're gone. You're just a couple of years. Be to the thread that is your kid. Oh, Riddian. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. You're a loser. Love a dirty, two of my 50s. You can't run away in a little later. I don't want to spend the whole four hours reading. They've alight held up. But a little later, somebody's back from saloon magazine, which is that magazine that's on the Internet. David Horowitz, a great column. Great column. I'll do it later. Choke your coach and become a cause as an invite to the Montmartrean's free will. Are you an understander from the getto? Tell that to some of the people who be dead. Okay, tell that to Nicole and the Ron Goldman. And lots and lots of other dead people, by the way. Like the one we were reading about in the Charles Jordan case. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Uncle Dale. Yes, sir. Hey, three things. I agree with you. 100% on your book and exposing these people and bringing it to the attention. That's the five of these idiots call and up about taking on the board. Black people from the inner city read a couple passages. I'm sure there's some well to do white people with some records in there. But that's the point. There's plenty of people. That's why I mentioned Bobby Cox and Mark Fitzpatrick. Well, the work I do didn't come from the getto by the way. Who came from middle class or better middle class backgrounds. Yes, still because they're in the gotto's jock mentality. Means they can treat women like garbage. Yeah, we'll get these people off this kick that you're picking on black people with that. And secondly, the one guy was right about the media blowing things out of proportions because, you know, I think when did Mitchell signs for the backup quarterback? Wasn't that yesterday from Detroit? That is the backup quarterback with that he's talking about. Yeah, no, that was the big rumor with the talk. Okay, thank you. More than information. I heard he's talking about, okay. I'm not talking football. I see that's the bad thing. I'm talking about society. Okay, I'm not talking about football. And then I find in Scott Mitchell he's making too much money. He's not playing an e-sistive. He's a nice guy and he's whatever he is a step in over praise. Open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, this guy before. I mean, I mean, we got the tape of that. That guy was a definitive and I'll be god then if I'm going to sit here. He's called before. He's called before. He must have written down. I must have a speech written down reading it verbatim. You've got to understand the media are blowing us all out of proportion. And this is nothing new. And you've got to understand these guys came out of the gettho and we don't care. I don't care where you come from. If you're a dangerous subhuman piece of turt, I'm not interested in hearing about anger, management. I'm not hearing about, I'm interested in hearing about being misunderstood. If the people have problems, then make them get counseling and make them be fit citizens in the community. Before you get Molly's millions of dollars and set them as his role models to your kids. That would be my suggestion. And obviously Jimmy Johnson don't give a crap because like I said before, including his days in Dallas and his days at the University of Miami, he never made a criminal he didn't like, just like a dick for me, a learned St. Louis and just like a time-wise born late of Nebraska. These guys they don't give a crap as long as you can win as long as you can run fast. Long as you can catch them all, they don't give a crap. How illiterate you are, what a scumbag you are, they don't care. And I keep hearing all of that work so that they can be billions of dollars. Well, isn't that a sad goddamn commentary? Paying billions of dollars and they can't understand why a few weren't few where people are watching too, by the way. Seems to be working in inverse proportion. Because I know, I know that for that $91 million, like P. O.S. up there in the York is probably going to solve most of the social problems of mankind. He's going to come up with a cure for cancer, for AIDS, for tuberculosis, for epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, you name it. Mike, I mean, $91 million, he must be going to do something awfully goddamn important up there. Gonna get all the people in New York out of the getto. It's right. Here's Kendall, hello. Have you seen the Miami Metador's play? Open line today, 567, 0560, Pont560, on the mobile one line. Here's Volca, hello. Volca? Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, my God. I got two things you wanted to ask. Yeah. Well, one is I went down the pickup, both your CDs at the borders and points in beach by my house. Uh-huh. And they hate you like poison too. Yeah. They looked at me like I was, well, you know something I'll be very honest with you. I'm at these stories, I know. I mean, I heard this crap about the place in plantation and plantations are number one seller so far. So the fact that it may be, well, when you say they hate me like poison, if some clerk don't look at you just right, I can't worry about that. We're doing just fine. We're doing great. Oh, yeah, I believe that. Yeah. Also, I'm a huge supporter of your DNH. Right. And I wanted to ask you, um, what's your views on Anton LeVe? On what? Anton LeVe. Yeah, it was who? He was the founder of the church estate. Not as a part of them. Never had a church estate north. Did you ever hear of Anton LeVe George? Yes. He's not like her. Yeah. People make them like like the stereotype it as someone who was a devil worshiper. Yeah. And what about it? Well, why would you even ask me that? No, no, no, that's not what his like, she'll is. He runs off the same DNH that you're speaking of, but the haters hate themselves, and the fascists will destroy themselves. And through that, there'll be come a better group of people unified as race. Yeah. I don't, I don't need the read anybody else. I don't need to go into all the great philosophers of all time. Not interested in any of that. It's very simple. It's common sense. That's why it's too easy for most people. Okay. Do an old harm. That's an end of the discussion. Just like these a little bit, the jox we're talking about. Do an old harm. Oh, well, we can't do that because we're from the ghetto. Oh, I'm sorry. We forgot you won't pass. So let's forget about it. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pompive, 60, on a mobile one line. See, immediately, it's like the hair on the back of a dog's neck or cat goes up in here. Like that's the kind of reaction to get because these people, especially on this radio station, they don't want to hear this kind of thing. They want to know, let me have your opinion about the Green Bay San Francisco again. You think we're going to cover this spread? That's what the people listen to this radio station. That's the kind of stuff that they can stick their teeth into. Don't confuse them with the facts because they don't give a crap. Like I said about my tiesion. They don't care how many women he rape. If he killed a few people, they don't care about that. They don't care about how much violence there was out there. And obviously with the Vegas hurting now, all of a sudden because of the economy and the Japanese economy, they don't care either because they give a goddamn license to box again. And spread all of violence in the abword behavior and the scumbags that follow him around. And were there in Vegas for that last ugly scene? In spite of that, they say, oh, well, we understand that you got a bundle. We like Muhammad Ali, even though we can't speak. He's sitting over there shaking because he got, you know, his head is a piece of cauliflower now. Like a piece of raw meat. So you bet my kids, your license back. And we hope we can all make a lot of money. Let's have a good time. But it's even just the one who's not wise of violent country. I can't figure that out. 21 before noon at 5.60. WQM. If you're not getting a good night's sleep, if you're tossing and turning because you're worried about Bruce Smith and Andre Reed, like I heard the other day. Oh, yeah. Sleepless night. Over Bruce Thomas. Oh, uh, Bruce Smith and I said, well, let's two guys in one. Remember, this is the best of Neil Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60 QAM. It's all been previously recorded. The best of Neil on 5.60 QAM. Oh, man. It's a blessing. Because Neil said about three about phones. You know, it's a lot of people say, I can look food, never do that. I'm telling him, I'll do a crazy. We're saying, right. I didn't do that. I didn't do that. When the night was the night was the night. That was the same. We're saying, right. And he said, when the world was, you know, they would have called it. It was a random. You know, Bob is just saying, I don't want to bother with that. I didn't do that on either of these. So what I love to do is be like that. Every young day may, oh, they should be doing so. I didn't do that on the back of the end. I didn't do that on the back of the end. I didn't do that on the back of the end. I didn't do that on the back of the end. I didn't do that on the back of the end. But then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to the hospital. And then I went to donor and Lutz J. unconditioned. I don't think theお願い is what he said. No, up and down. Okay, thank you. 16 to 5 선생님, one night, gonna hit on to him. You managed coming up from 6Su suddenly had to be a passing ... from the corners of the continent. What was your time? this was in there. I didn't show reminded me. Oh Joe would know. Joe would know because he is a Tantanla Hay with here is what he has. He got a La Valle. La Valle Hay is in the end. Oh, hey. Yes, so here's an article in school magazine of all places about Dr. Antanla Hay and how he has started this civil crap in 1969. He did this and shaved this head and he got a yacht. He went to work in our sales department and I mean, it's your read it as a bunch of double talk. It's more see- it eliminates the double talk. You don't need another religion to replace a little one you're getting rid of. That's the problem. If you're trying to get rid of religion, why not the act of invented new one. The N-A-Siple. Three words. Don't need Nietzsche. You don't need God damn Anne Rand. You don't need Freud. You don't need anybody. Audit, you don't need this asshole with the bald head. This is the guy that's done. That's Kenneth Frequence. Is he? Just a joke, Joe. Jesus Christ. It's just a joke. Man, lighten up. Oh, yes. It's more ways than one. Oh, I don't mean he's lightning up. Antanla Hay. Like I said, forget about reading all this bull crap. All this double talk, taking something so very simple and making it very complicated and try to uh, why why why would anybody even waste their time with that crap? You don't want to say unless they're trying to well, you know, suck it a bunch of people like this other guy. So they can make their final. I mean, you know, I just like mad a little hairdo-supid with the other money they had allegedly and the kid. Maybe she went to purgatory. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Um, Frank, where I asked about this. Um, I might so scared George's comments while we're on hold or yes. Okay. That's a free ableness on the show to encourage you to call. Okay. I was just curious. Yes. Um, seems like a history of this country going back to Thai, Kaubery, beat a cripple person in the stands. I did it really. And can kill the porter supposedly. He's been underrated. Oh, right. Yeah. So they grew to protect their sports heroes. Uh-huh. It's, you know, I'm like, I already, I wondered you read that about Thai. Um, very sort of cult. Uh, parents retired to a town in Northeastern where he lived. Right. And they still can't stand them because he was a real SOB. And I don't think he cares at this point. You know, I'm saying that much difference now. But just like, constantly are what heroes like you and I did some of that stuff. We can jail for a way to keep. I mean, when you're talking about violent crimes, whether you're talking about killing people, beating the crap out of women and other people. And maybe shooting people. I mean, uh, we're, we're not talking about the little diddling stuff. We're not talking about people smoking a little weed or whatever a little, uh, we're talking about violent crime is what we're talking about in a grotesque, violent society. And these people are supposed to be role models and they're put off on pedestal. Hey, we worship you. We have your autograph. Great. And it's not the editors like you grew up in the ghetto. There are plenty of people with group in the ghetto. You have to not killing people. Right. And they're also not making millions of dollars a year. So what, what, see society, if we got any brains, we shouldn't be asking it where did you grow up. We just expected to conform to certain stuff. Just minimal things. We expected to conform to. And if you can't do that, then, uh, let's put in a cage somewhere. And how did it go? Yeah, cage sounds right because animals, you know, wild animals, we put in a cage. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Yes, you know, I'm kind of trying to be people talking about people who are being a ghetto being dysmedicum, because they can extrude us with them. I grew up in the ghetto. I was manufacturing my army on 20th, 3000 mill of the ghetto. Have you commonly played this week? And I didn't kill anybody. Right. I was able to get out of the ghetto and stop my own business and have a business for myself. There. It's a cop-out. Most people who try to make excuses because they were poor into a ghetto, because I was poor and I was going to get old. And I didn't turn out like anyone of them. See, most of the people are making excuses like that. I asked them to call me about a half an hour ago. This guy is a jacksniffer. And so it doesn't make any difference. What is heroes do? They've always gotten the excuse. They need anger management. But as long as they can make him feel better about himself because it's his team and they can win some games, then he doesn't care what they do, really. Exactly. I said, put them all in jail. All right. All right. Okay, pal, congratulations. See, there you go. This place. I mean, if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like the like OJ, if everybody was murdering everybody and totally out of control and beating women all over the goddamn place, then we'd have anarchy. Because we got millions of people who grew up in a goddamn ghetto. All but it's an excuse. Not for me. It's not. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, my own sounds like you. Oh, okay. Your twin sister. Oh, no. I have one of those. I've been listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet. Oh, my dog. Wow. I totally agree with you. I think that we set these men up and the kids idolize them and that's the wrong insurciating. And that's all I have to say. Thank you. Thanks. Very simple. Just like the DNA. First, isn't that complicated? You don't teach your kids to admire scumbags. That's all. When I talk about scumbags, I'm talking violent criminals. And I hear all this discussion, oh, how come? How come this one can't throw a pancake block? And I'll come this one. Got a finger in the other one. How come? Oh, yeah. But don't confuse this with the facts because either we got, you know, a bet on a game, which I do understand that. Or, you know, we want to feel better about ourselves. It would be like, it just like my going to that panther game, the other night, watching that disgraceful display. Am I going to come in here the next day? And say, it start playing that stupid thing. Back at the start of an act. Wow, we'll get the next time. We'll be okay. I'm going to do that. I need to suck the actor kill. Guys, making millions of dollars going through the motions, putting out a putrid performance. Quite frankly, boring me to tears. And I still say to you, they're killing the geese that laid the big ones, baby. Just like they basically baseball on them. They got a little bit of a reprieve. But it's only a matter of time, especially with what the metz did the other day. And the NBA, they're shooting themselves right in the goddamn big one. And you know, something? It's amazing. But there are no NBA games going on right now. And the world is still going around. And John Glenn is still taking a big up there in outer space. And people are still changing their underwear every day. We hope a very couple of days, every couple of weeks. And life is going on. Evil out a bunch of big freaks jammed and evolved on in the hoop. Isn't that a miracle? How do we get out of bed in the morning? Because I have so many street flows nights were in about Andre Reed and Bruce Smith and Emma Thomas. I have nightmares that Jim Kelly might come back. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? Hi. A comment about the football scandal that you're talking about. Yes. I come from a football family. My father, the first in his family to graduate from university, played for the original Canton Bulldogs after 1926. It was only by the grace of God and athletic ability that I got to scholarship to get to university and graduated at the football. Yeah. Now I'm watching and have been watching over the past few years. The disintegration, if you will, of the student athlete, Jason Pointe University Miami. It's my opinion that Jimmie Johnson has seriously contributed to the for one of the better words, the sellinization yes of the student health crisis about it. It seems to this observer and to many like me that instead of for some reason selecting entirely capable players, possibly first founders, future first founders even, that would not only be a credit to the school, but would be a credit to their community. It almost appears as if there was some kind of effort, special effort made to recruit from the bottom of the feed chain. First time I can't understand it because there is no correlation between athletic ability, ability to give up your body and what neighborhood you come from. It just doesn't correlate. Yeah. Or what you're a particular following this background they have been. I think also that at the present coach of the Seahawks, or if just had a minister, a minister, a minister, a minister, yeah, he's equally guilty. Yeah, well he never met a bodily didn't like him. But for some reason I go without drinking with his players, it's just one of those things he just likes a good time, yeah. For some reason, I have to connect him in my mind. Jimmy Johnson and the conscious recruitment. Yeah, but you see you have to understand these things couldn't happen without the fans and at university if the college level would have the alumni. They're the ones who put the pressure to bear for these guys to win. And now they do it at all cards. It's making different because it's big money. You know, no matter what you've got the contract with NBC, National TV contract, we're talking millions and billions of dollars now. And so as long as these people, this is their priority to be part of a winning athletic program. And that's the most important thing to them. It's going to get worse and worse until the bubble just burst and all fall apart. You're absolutely correct. Unfortunately, that doesn't explain or in any way mitigate the fact that schools around the country recruit excellent high school athletes. Guys that can actually crack a book, guys that can actually graduate. Right. And play exceptionally on the field. Yeah. Well, you can do it. It can be done. It doesn't happen. There actually are people of Nike larger than that. Some they will work great athletes can be done. If you want to make the effort. Thanks for calling, pal. Just like I mean, it's a high school level here. Miami High, they never met a student athlete that they didn't like from somewhere else around the state of Lippon Jacksonville or wherever. That they could kind of like ship in a little carpet back in action there. Pretty soon it's going to be in the kindergarten. But you know, they brought this kid in from, he's going to school in Broward right now. They brought him in from Orlando. But man, his kid is going to be a great quarterback on our team. And like I said, it's the adult. It's the silly idiotic people out there who like think this is the most important. God damn thing in the world. Is it the most important? Oh, no, I don't think so. Priorities are all screwed up. They're upside down. People that we ought to be paying lots. Oh, well, if you've got such crappy education, we got no one good teachers. Teachers just suck the big one, baby. Well, take a look at all the big bucks you're paying the teachers. And take a look at how much you're paying people in law enforcement. And pay them paying people or do them jobs where they risk their lives. If you're talking about good people, or really care about trying to do a job. And then take a look at the amount of that your panties asshole. 91, maybe I'm going to tell you something people from coast to coast. They ought to be flooding the phone lines at MSNBC instead of talking about penis gates. And some seen how old carts been in around an outer space. They ought to be flooding the phone lines. Saying this is the end of American society as we know it. We were in a deep spiral and decline. And it's got nothing to do with the oral sex. It has to do with people losing their whole semblance of reality. Their whole perspective on what life is really all about. And what is important and what is not important. They have lost it. Oh, gee, we don't know how we're going to keep the franchise. We can't pay 91 million. 100 million. Anybody here 200 million. And the best part is they weren't even bitten yet. That he was saying close to what they paid. But just to make sure because you know, my kid in like the 84 million Los Angeles, even though he was crying about missing the Dodger blue and whatever. You're talking crazy people who are destroying. You're watching these people destroying their own empire. Right before your eyes they're killing it. Remember, this is the best of the old Rogers. No calls today. It's all been previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 onwards, it's all being previously recorded the best of Neil on 560 route. Writing The show is great, it's got lots of pain, every swing of me loves O'Keele. Alright. This one thing we know, people come to close, 20 sounds, but from here's queer. And the chance will come when your girlfriend is a guy, if you think it's end of you down the air. The brawl brings out mixture of your curse, shouting and trick someone round by the hair. Oh, we want to hit him to form the cases, and women's just for too much tears. The springer shows all right for fighting, get a few punches in. The software is the same who got him to pray, and her so busy is fighting. The springer shows all right for fighting, just bring a show, somewhere, all right. We come to play, you know, freeing yourself, freeing yourself, freeing yourself. New term. Can't win. I don't do it five to six. If you have any finding, it's you. But hey, we'll get there. Tomorrow we get our big appearance at Ben and Jerry's. Ben and Jerry's in the adventure of mall. And tomorrow's going to be a real revelation. It's going to be interesting to see not only how many people sure up, but who they are. In adventure. Who they'd be there in adventure. What? Didn't that more they always use an adventure with them? Like all old Jews was like sunrise once a part of time. But you know what they say about changing neighborhood? I don't know what to make about that. There's a lot of Jews in the mall. A lot of old Jews going to be there. They can drum their Ben and Jerry's tomorrow. The old Jews sounds good to me. We'll be there noon to two tomorrow. We'll have the best of the new CDs and cassettes and t-shirts. We'll have all our DNA's paraphernalia for what you heavens out there. That don't believe in all those bubble mice. He's all those fairy tales. Thanks to Bill's wreck by the way over there. We're used to being on a whanney. Remember Bill's wreck? Anybody remember him? Anybody? No. Well. I can understand why. But at any rate, he came out with a book. Well, he's got to try and do something. Not a real book. But like a little book. The official Spanish Dictionary. A user's guide more than 700 to 300 to a couple of words in phrases. That's exactly the esponial oranglace. And really, most of it blows Bill. I hate to break an issue. But the first few pages are kind of cute. I don't know their cute, but they're like bizarre. For example, it's got all these different Spanish phrases that don't translate directly to English. Like insulin apostolita. Which means he's a postcard literally, but they use it to say he's a pretty boy. Well, they don't say he's a pretty boy in esponial, do they? No. They don't say that. They might whisper if they don't say that out loud. Estonola branca un chivo. Not even a goat can jump it. It's a big problem. Una problema grande. But they don't say that. They say Estonola branca un chivo. That's the quite a bill direct. They probably never spoke Spanish in his life. He's making a hell of a scam off, but with a generation in any and a lot of the bull crapper is. Say da lisa. Which means he sandpapers himself, but they use it to mean he takes good care of himself. Kamoana. She's very much a monkey. Why she's hoping not a banana. A lot of maybe he do. I hope she's a banana eating monkey. She's cute. Very good, George. Eston Pahn. Which means he's a piece of bread, but it's used by the thick by the holios. I mean he's a good guy. For Seelas Moskas, for if the flies would mean just in case. Okay, they're actually getting into drifted at, okay. Go on, buy it, keep build direct alive, okay. The official Spanish dictionary. And like I said, the first four or five pages are kind of using the rest of it really. Low is big time. Awful. Awful stuff. I got some stuff here today. And am I going to read on the air again today? Oh, no, you're not going to do that. It's ponderous when you do that. Well, it's from this book, Prozen Cahn's, the criminals who play in the NFL by Jeff Benedict. And Don Yager, which I'll come to nobody else. How come the drugs on this day? Snark talking about this. You don't think there could be some stuff in here that would be embarrassing locally here. Do you? No, you don't believe that. From our mighty turn list those numbers and quits through and around. Thank you very much. And I had to just come down with the numbers from ten to two numbers. It's only a week later. What do you want? Prozen Cahn's the criminals who play in the NFL. And everybody out there ought to be reading this because then you'll find out what kind of scumbags you and your kids are admiring. What kind of great role models you got? Chapter eight. Yes, I'm going to read a whole chapter. It's only a few pages. What to expect when you're expecting? And it's about some of our great to dolphins about our coach, your coach. And about some of the great plays like Charles Jordan. And the Lamar Thomas. Number Irving Spice, remember him? Well, see him no more. But at any rate, and he was a good guy compared to these guys. This book is sensational. How come they're not talking about this on her sports station? The other 20 hours a day. I realize it's not really very uplifting. And it's not conducive to getting more people excited about the extended football and Super Bowl and all this other bull crap. But I think it's great. I think the NBA strike is great. Lock out whatever you want to call it. I think it's sensational. I think baseball I have one more. I think that ought to put him out of business. You know? Now that this crap. And I hear like yesterday, I'm listening to, I think was on Hank Show. Was either Hank or was listening to what Kimba Boat camp or less. Oh, I buy the way Richard the Walker now is Eddie. Cronett callers. Now that I out of them out of the closet. Now all of a sudden they're changing their name. Richard the Walker with his mail escort service. Now all of a sudden he's Eddie on the Kimba Boat camp or show. You're not pulling me or Richard. You dick. But anyway, so somebody calls in yesterday. And they want to talk about this. What the hell did I do with it? About this scumbag? Oh, here it is. One moment please. About this scumbag little. Where the hell is the guy doing? So he come on. We're getting your crap together. Where is it? I don't know. Be chill with him. I was talking about that the other day. Who killed the old abroad with the car? Because you got drunk on his birthday. And they were standing well. Do you think that he actually made one to play in this year? Do you think that's right? As if there really needs to be some discussion about that. Well, he's really not a bad kid. He never stole a freight train. And he went out and party on his birthday. And we've all done that. And he got drunk. Yeah, Leonard Little of the St. Louis Ramp. And you notice of the St. Louis Ramp. Dick Vermeal and Jimmy Johnson. I would suggest to you. Like they never met a criminal. They didn't like. In fact, that will be our poll question today. Which coach likes the biggest gangsters? Who's the gangster coach? And of course, remember Jimmy Johnson's days with the horklund. And all that crap or the were in the crap out there in Arizona. The festival was in the Penn State. All that camouflage crap that were wearing like a bunch of gangsters. Jimmy Johnson is against the coach. And Dick Vermeal is against the coach. Which one likes the bigger gangsters? Oh, that's our poll question today. So what did Maddie bring you by the one? The numbers. He said the tough can't do this. We have to go to him anyway, so don't yell at us. Yeah, but doesn't bring the other stuff either. Do you want these now? Yeah, that would be nice. Well, sometimes soon we'll be. All I thought you're going to go into a break. And then you get it. I'm going to go to a break, but it would be nice. I mean, it's only a week later. We would like to know what we did here during these four hours between ten and two. Thank you very well. Thank you. Nice book. But we'd like to know what we did here between ten and two. And we also see that with the exception of one month there, which was a total of what is it? Okay, I'll do these during the break. Oh, God, see y'all. Choosing a doctor is difficult enough. But when you practice an alternative lifestyle, it becomes a major challenge. I know I've bred my cheeks for my quarterly physical. I want a physician who'll be gentle and take his time probing my well, you know. So if you want a doctor who is well, let's say light in the loafers, you need to call 1-800-50. I mean, who else will understand your fascination with Judy Garland? Really? Call today. 1014-56WM. So we got the ten to two final. There's only a week after the book came on. Then 25-54. I'm sure who was number one? Were we number one here? Uh-huh. With the ten point O-share? Uh-huh. Hot was number two of the six point three. So we're like, uh, in a league by ourselves. We got the men, baby. That's what we want. Women, forget it. If we like, I've said for years, if we really had any number of women listening out there, we'll pretend that they do, but they don't. Then we'd have enormous triple digit numbers. We'd have 200%. And persons 25-54. Let's see. Who was number one? I'll be honest with you. We were like pretty damn close to number one there. So five. Nice going Bob and Cheryl. Would that damn jukebox? You got going there? They could run in a jukebox over there. Six point two, share. Ten to two adults has been in women. And we're like, uh, sucking the, uh, high-end there. Five point eight. Right on their ass. Followed by EDR. What do I tell you about the ethn of the, uh, black. Every, every dark, complexed person in this town got a diary in that last book. Except the ones who listen to this show. What a bunch of crap. Yeah. So between Hot 105 and EDR men. Forget it. Hopeless. But not realized we're kicking some very serious. Ah, I was a book lost rights, which I've been telling you. I've been reading from day after day after day. Would you must read if you value like, uh, your sanity? If you want to know what really, I mean, there are a lot of you who don't want to know what where you're going on around you. Maybe you're better off. Because sometimes La La Land is a very comfortable place to be in. Unless they come knocking on your door next. Or look at in your answering next. Lost rights by James Boulevard is available on the internet. Bottom dollar dot com. Am I getting that right? For $5.95 plus a postage, which is held a lot less than the 14.95 plus tax that you pay in your bookstore. $5.95 plus postage sounds good to me. Bottom dollar dot com. And the name of the book is Lost Rights by James Boulevard. One of the two books that you must buy or else. Try to take a couple of calls before we do this. Because this pros and cons book. This is a dynamist. And in, and I, I, I understand, I do realize right. I front that most of the people don't care. In other words, most fans, all I care about is I want my team to win. And I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters. I don't care if they sign OJ up. If he can still run sign his ass up and put him out there. Because as long as my team can win, then I feel much better about myself. It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being. Us, we were the best, we. There's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Now that you're talking about books, I hope he sells a lot of those books. Because doesn't seem like the guys making much of money. How is that the growth last week? I was thinking of the maids from O'Tell. He's trying to put something. I knew he was trying to sell something. Yeah. And anyway, to make a lot of very short he's standing there with some little body. He's talking out of sorrow for about 15, 20 minutes. Looking all cool stuff. And you're waiting for a lot? Uh, then not really. He, he, he was looking like he was waiting for that. Whatever. Some center out waiting. You know, we're trying to call up. I guess picked up in the, uh, nineteen, ninety crores. I mean, uh, crores. I'm going to run. That's pretty impressive. Yeah. So I hope he sells a lot more books, man. Because, uh, you know, with, uh, that generation, and, you know, yeah, and I'll allow. Never got to get rich on way. I mean, I'll allow that. That's just, we won't see that no more. I don't think he's making much of it. Yeah, yeah, I, I gave him the key to success. Once I started promoting him, if he, if he would have just kept saying, I'll loud if he would just can't get up a little bit. He might still be on there. But, uh, they're crossing the old, they'll do a, like, it is, oh, my mouth. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Okay. Here's, uh, candle. Hello. Hey, I'll go, how you doing? What do you say, Papa, oh, my mouth, something like that. Yes, sir. You want me to translate? No, please. Okay. Uh, listen to that book that you're talking about? Which one? Uh, the program conference. Yes. The, and then, of course, the last day, it was on last night. We're talking about it. And they had someone from the, well, they interviewed the authors a couple of days ago. They're all over the place, though. Yeah, so it's kind of controversial, but I mean, it's true. It's things that go on in the NFL are unbelievable, you know. I mean, in the locker rooms, I, I, I, I, I, I, But how about how about guys calling this station yesterday asking, do you think Leonard Little is actually going to want to plan this year before the season's up, getting for a couple of games like, like, it's something to debate about. Guy gets drunk. Whether it's his birthday or not, goes out there. Kill this woman. And then somebody else calls in on, uh, with the Kimball last night, Well, you know, TV newscaster, something happened with him. So in other words, the fact that Rick Stange has got away with it. That was the one thing. But if a football player does it, let him go out there and run fast in the jump high, it's a little bit so on. And how's Brian Blade doing? Yeah, I mean, even in the college level, you know, these players make money through bold games and through, I mean, the revenues that they provide the universities and their teams is unreal. Yeah. They're going to get away with the game. They're not caring. They never met us come by. They didn't like as long as he can perform as long as he can break into money. That's all they care about. Uh, one more thing. I looked at radio business. Yeah. It's often $20. Target pro player stadium. Yeah. Unreal. I mean, I've never had to pay that much for parking. And, you know, I just, I wish that, you know, I've good news this week. The games in Buffalo. I've got to time this year. Have a good time. Two, sir. Twelve. Frozen cons, the criminals who play in the national football league by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager. And of course, all of our students, sports, Doug, uh, jocks, recorders on this radio station. They should be having these guys on there. They should be talking about this. I mean, do we have to bury this in the closet? Is that what it is? Let me start. Let me begin, okay. Chapter eight. This will take a few minutes. It's not that long. But boy, this is beautiful and close to home. I selected the chapter that it's bigger. Maybe you can relate to. It's the chapter is called. What to expect when you're expecting? Miami Dolphins team headquarters. Davey Florida. It's a matter of any time that there's talented. A little bit of your talent available. You continually try to upgrade the bottom four or five spots on your roster. Miami Dolphins head coach Jimmy Johnson told the group for reporters gathered at the team's headquarters. December 2nd, 1997. He was explaining his decision to offer a contract and traveled running back Lauren's Phillips. There's a large upside Johnson insisted. If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program, that he can realize what his talents might be and realize this success. You probably thought he was going to have an a first place. Less than two weeks earlier, the same Lewis ram. suddenly cut Phillips after he was reportedly fine 56 times for violating team rules. In his 19-month tenure with the Rams, Phillips was arrested three times served at jail sentence for domestic violence and was twice sued by women once for domestic violence and once for sexual assault. Having received the second chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend Kate McEwen, the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him. Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips and that he was not the menace often portrayed in the popular press all words that had been used by the Rams towards earlier. Actually, I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear Johnson said and I can say this for a fact all of the rumors that you hear are not true. We've checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly, highly exaggerated. Ex-adjugated, although the attack on the Q&A which landed Phillips in jail and had received excessive media play, the scope of Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public. McEwen despite request from countless national publications and teaming networks never spoke publicly about a violent relationship with Phillips. But in August 16, 1996, she did file a civil complaint of the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas in it to reveal a brutal litany of assault suffered at the hands of Phillips while the two attended the University of Nebraska. Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press, McEwen's complaint was filed on their seal. For the liking of Phillips at his lawyers reporters will unable to view its content. However, on September 3, 1996, federal judge William F. Maurer surprisingly lifted the seal. In effect Judge Maurer's decision let the painful details of McEwen civil complaints available to any reporter who showed up at the court house in a quest to deceive the file, wanting desperately to conceal the details, Phillips lawyers acted promptly and were able to secure a court order placed in the document back under seal within 24 hours. But during the brief window in the case file was opened, Kansas City Star Court reporter Joe Landy was at the federal court house and he made a copy of the complaint. He's the only reporter in the country who have seen the case file, Landy reported these details from McEwen's complaint. October 1994 Phillips shoved her head into the wall so hard it broke through the wall than choked her in without allow her to leave his apartment. April 1995 Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and threatened her saying I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbows. This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people. May 10 1995 Phillips sliced her car tires and threatened to kill her then came after her demanding a glass of water and McEwen told him to get him after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself. August 24, 1995 McEwen agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his apartment he forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her. September 10 1995 Phillips beat her and kicked her while she was at a friend's house. She contends that he grabbed her hair, caveman style, pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall. A ride Phillips reached an out of court financial settlement with McEwen which required that she neither discussed the nature of her complaint nor the details of the playoff. Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips record was exaggerated, stemmed from the comparison of Phillips record with some of his other players who did either served time in jail or been convicted of a violent felony. Yet these players were never scrutinized by the first life Phillips. For example, Johnson signed a little loan for Agent Wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996 who developed into what a Dan Marine was most reliable receivers in 1997. As a team growing up in Los Angeles Jordan was an active member of the blood, the authorities had discovered that his criminal record made Phillips look like a choir boy to be continuing to the moment. Let's do the break because I want to watch. It's only a few pages close to home. And if you're supposed to look the other way, you better tell me about that. I don't think so. I have a hard time admiring a bunch of goons. That's what the G. Whether they're black white yellow or whatever the hell are I'm sorry. I just don't understand and you wonder why America's attitudes and values are all upside down. And you're talking about the president's getting blow jobs up there in Washington like any red blooded guy and all the presidents who proceeded and we're supposed to be upset about that and rightfully indignant. But here we're worshiping all your kids out there. These are their role models. Not all on just too many way too many. Some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth and oh geez, you know, they're wonderful people. They're great. These are our heroes. And by the way, how much more money can we dig up? How many more loans do we have to take out so we can go by season ticket and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre performance by the way? Oh yeah, I heard somebody call Kimmelash night, you know, bragging about the fact that Doc Yellow's picks the no hitter for the pirates years ago while on an acid trip. Well, that's great. Let's hear it. Why he was a real outstanding guy by the way, member Doc Yellow's. I took your calls and they found it. They said the beauty being sad told me now I can get no job. Cause I don't got no business. I've talking like a non-sleeve loan. If I'm like a tough man, how does this way? Now I can't do nothing. So I heard it say it's that okay. Change my name to shoot loans and try to do send the code to any careless. I remember when I was dealing hold the white men's calls hanging outside. The building their bomb, grind the blues out by the teeth. White buildings got no job told me it's sad. Go to bond with you, but not the chase now. Got to go with sell low faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty. Notice what a bar is your song. If all this makes me sound funny, got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make my own money. Maple pool, down good to me. I got pretty unnothing. He Barnabene get me anywhere. Maybe I'll Logan old wife, just feel a first and fuller hair. Then I go to take some money by a very old and a fridge of day. I remember when I was dealing hold the white men's calls hanging outside. The building their bomb, grind the blues out by the teeth. White buildings got no job told me it's sad. So the bond with you, if I'd love to change that. Got to go with sell low faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty, faculty.