Sports Radio 560 WTAM Miami Force Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. We are talking to Neil called 560 560 toll free for dating Brown. 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil is guest coller. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WTQAM, B-Leary Dactositions or the Beesley Broadcast Group? Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 2A, I'm dying on the ass. I'm quit and my admission. I'm a back who likes to involve. I'm here to provide this vision. It's back to the back spot all. I'll be waiting to meet you at the restaurant as it's a lie. It's a lie as it's a lie. It's a lie as it's a lie. But like a girl, she's proud of her. In fact, Brown, I'm hiding in the middle of a lie. I'm dying, dying, dying, dying. I'm living a need of a man. I'm living a need of a man. I'm living a need of a man. In a few people, you know what I mean? I'm not indulging. It's too dark down, you're not a call of a face. I thought you'd want a dish, huh? Too hot, I guess. I found a do a dish, huh? I like to wear a dress. I'm not a scum, I'm a back to the restaurant. I'm not a scum, I'm a chission, I'm a watchy-cassy-loat. I'm not a fool, I'm a fool, I'm a fool. Oh! You got a scum, I'm a guy who love me. So, this is all about me. I'm a guy who's like a guy who's like a guy who's like a guy who loves me. Oh, right. Did he say it then, over? Did he say it then, over? I think that's what he said. Anyway, it's 10 or 3 at 5, 60 WCU. I am guess what? I'm allergic to nuts. Oh! So, I'm speaking of ZO. So Greg Reed this morning is pacing up and down. I see him in the outer control room. In fact, in the studio. I mean, I realized they usually do a three-man show in there. But how come he's in there? Would you like to be full? I don't get it. Pacing back and forth. So I asked, I don't want to mention who I asked and there's said, what he asked so nervous about, they said he heard Hank's interview with ZO last night. Positive. That's going to put us right over the age. That's going to open the door for AFN for 17. Number for the other sports station. That could have been. I'm on the way. I don't want to start ripping Hank again because I love Hank. He's a great guy in the middle of freight train. Lost a lot of weight. He looks beautiful. Everybody wants his body now. But the fact is that last night I go to the store to public sit about five o'clock and Hank was interviewing ZO. Well, we're going to drive that A, B, and they did. We go that move. I thought Jesus Christy sounds just like O.J. Everybody's going to be there going to be great time and do the idea. Oh man, it was, it was that usual in our particular drone. ZO drones. Okay. He drones. That's that that that that that that that that you know. It is very in our particular embarrassing way. So I go into public sit by a few things. I pay that. I get back in the car. It's like 12 15 minutes later. And he's gone. I've got a little July going either. Oh my god. I couldn't believe it. And then and then Hank says, well, before I let you go, I want to ask you a couple of nine basketball really things. You know about this baseball. So I found out about baseball. I'm a little baseball. Yeah. And I thought to myself, we must have a great sense of humor here. We must be opening up the door wide. You know, because we have a fair play as we're at that. Let's give them an opportunity. You know, we understand that they're going to start with a handy cat. This other sports station. Most people can't even pick the goddamn thing up on a video dial of $1,700. You know, I mean, who the hell wants to hear Don I'm a surmike in a mad dog? You know, when you come right down to him? Yeah, who wants to hear that? So let's give them a little bit of an advantage. Okay, in fact, maybe we can put Zowan like with his own, how about the Zosho? How does that sound? Yeah, the Zosho? Is he going to get to say BS? Like he did yesterday during that thing? Did he also say BS? Oh, that's okay. If Matt is going to say TIT, he can say BS. What's wrong with that? I mean, TIT. So nice going there. Humphor T. This got all mighty. Like I said, we want to make it exciting because it is still boring. I'm going to tell you how boring it is. Okay. Before I get into my allergy, L.C.T. Has speaking of boring. I'm allergic to nuts. Damn it. Shaved on on it says. So anyway, to show you how boring it is, I turn on channel for news this morning. I have to confess. I watch channel 4 by default and I can't stop watching channel 4. Even the like cannot stand some of the people they put on there. I like to just kind of a rosado and what's your name? Angela Ray. And I'm brought up yesterday. There's nobody else in the audience who's noticed that he's got like laughing. Gas. It's got a bicycle pump stuck up. Correct. And a feather inside. Historical. Out of control. So I'm watching channel 4 this morning. And they got this woman on there with their daughter. And the story is about Liz Moriatus of Cooper City. And her daughter who fell on to a floor lighting in a baby theater lobby. At the movie co theater complex. This story is on channel 4 news. She fell down on a light. Okay. And got like a little minor booboo on her leg. In fact, I said to her, what are you looking at? Sweet her. Oh, I got a booboo. She got a booboo. Okay. So then I pick up my newspapers and I sit down. Here on the front page, this, you know, something in Geneva, New York. In Austin, New York, you know, Warsaw, Michigan. I'm trying to think in aims Iowa. If a little girl had fallen down and got a little booboo on an uncovered light on the floor of the movie theater, maybe somewhere like in the local section there would have been a little paragraph about girl, you know, city looks into, you know, whatever. In the right hand side or the front page of your sunset in the list morning, theater lights burn toddler county orders bulbs on plug. Now, you know how the right hand side, the upper right hand side of your newspaper is always the most important story of the day. And every newspaper in America, you know, like Clinton orders nuclear weapons drop down. China, well, whatever it might say, the most important story of the day is in the upper right hand corner of your newspaper. Theater lights burn toddler and here's the picture of the mother and the little girl who had a booboo. She got a booboo. She fell down on his light and then, of course, on channel four, they showed the whole thing. Here's the light and it's not completely covered. And if the little kid who got bumped by her cousin or whatever was by the way, goofing around in there. And of course, the worst part is that the managing director of movie co Mike P. Jones came running out. She said he offered to get her an ambulance and eventually gave her some ointment, but did not refund the ticket money. How do you like that? Oh, God damn it. Didn't refund the money for the tickets. The little girl fell down. Got a booboo. And this guy all he did was get an ice pack and some lotion and put some lotion in her casket or whatever. And that was it. What are you, what are you, God? What are you doing? No, well, look like you were about to hit something there. See, I'm not used to this. I had a very relaxing week last week. You know, nicely I did not. Very stressful week. Very stressful. High pressure week. God. Finally, I can sit back and relax and take a deep breath. But at any rate, so here's the most important thing going on in town. Is there anybody who gives a crap about the fact that some little girl fell down and got a booboo on a light animal we see. No, no. And this is the most exciting thing. Next to Hank's interview with Zoe yesterday, this was the most important thing. That's happened in this time in the last 24 hours. And it makes the front page of your newspaper. I get a call for a mirror, of course, basically has no luck to begin with. I get a call for me yesterday. Oh, it's so boring here. I don't know what to do. I'm going to lose in my mind. Yeah, is that another hint? I said, how about some of those great movies you saw at the movie co-feed or where your kids fell down and they stopped. Yeah, he wasn't too psyched about those either. By the way, what now we're going for Lopez? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? What's the next thing you can do? Yeah, I haven't seen the, it's a losing bunch, believe me. But anyway, so 1030 every Monday night, I got a new show on MTV, not as good as Tom Green, but close. And it's the making of a video. Last night it was 98 degrees. And next week it's the new Britney Spears video. And she is, they showed a preview. She is wearing a green blouse that is so tight I swear to God that any moment you just waiting for but trueians to just pop those babies off into the sky. I mean, just unbelievable. That's how tight they are. Dr. R. T. We don't have anybody in this audience to saw the Britney Spears concert in Palm But I mean, let's go 560, 550, 560, Palm 560 on a mobile one line. Because they're all bunch of pucky little kids. They're not listening to our show today. It's only people left in town with the people out with the Britney Spears concert last night. Look at that. You're watching, Scott. Hello, you have reached Dickie's Worker's Choice Catalog and Information One. To speak with the representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Dickie's Customer Service, this is Lillian. How may help you? Yeah, my Lillian high. Hi. You like Dickies? Sure. I guess a lot of women do, huh? I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickies. I see. She likes a lot of. Yeah. And understand some gay guys like Dickies. Well, I'm really about to have a really thought about that. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well, sir. We go to a 72-way. Oh, my God. You like little Dickies, too. Something like a lot of people are facing their likes. Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, I guess I could just say Dickie a lot on the phone. Yeah, yeah. Were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing? But I want to talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Hmm. And Dickie, Dickie. Hmm. Okay, 10-16 is five-60W to Q-way. And let's see, maybe this person saw the accounts of, but I bet you're not. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Oh, how is this possible? How could this be? You know, I mean, I know what's deadly. Five minutes they've been on there. Miami. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. How could this be? You know, I mean, I know what's deadly. Five minutes they've been on there. Miami. Oh. Welcome. Really. I'm here. What do you mean I'm heightier? Are you in there? That's the question. Not a lot of you. I go to the phone down because it goes on home. Yeah. My wife and stepdaughter went to see Brittany last night. Yeah. Yeah. So that she didn't actually say that. They typed in the music. She paned a lot. So a little bit of you, little bit. A little bit? Why don't think most people are where they're went to see her saying she can't sing a way to a paper sack Well, still I expected the thing you got to a concert No, not when you go I mean You don't get it do you? I guess not yeah, okay. Thanks. There's one guy who doesn't get it. Maybe that's why he didn't get to go Nobody gives a crap whether she can sing or not or whether she's singing or lip-sicking In fact if she's lip-sicking then she's got more time to do a little huchi kuchi and shake those things around You know what I'm saying you follow? That's what it's all about I mean if she could really sing in a first place that it might be subpoint to nitpick about so I guess that was it He didn't really get to go there was nobody in our entire audience all 50 of more out there right now Who's not a Britney Spears concert in poverty switch by the way was your first concert going to the paper this morning? The same paper that told us about the girl with the blue blue at the movie theater her first concert wear anywhere That's not true Oh, maybe was her first concert here I don't know it was kind of hard to decipher like most of this stuff in our papers here It was kind of hard to make it out now. What's all that free crap that just came in there Juice you can't have any how do you know that? An incorporated it's fruity. No, there's carries you Oh, yeah, it also suits you the virtues. Would you like the uh, no? No, what it well How about taking a look at it before you start hogging it all for yourself Before you start hogging does and again to my outcat test you can't have a QA I've already been in it because I already have it QAM Yes, sir. I was at the concert with my daughter. Yeah And there's a money making machine that just kind of you Jinga. Yeah, yeah 2000 screen and eight year olds And that's it? That's it. She was only on for 50 minutes and there weren't any horny guys getting into tickets? It was all kids. Oh, okay. Thanks for the bad news. What was did she look good? Okay, he's got He don't want to admit it because his daughter's listening is punky little daughter He doesn't want to admit that he was drooling and had his tongue down a was name Panicking breathing pretty hard. I don't want to see all of them. I'm just asking it last saw one I'd not that I want any of it because it's got to give me the roots Scorts, okay, which is the last thing I need Especially since Sam brought the guy in here. It's probably a bunch of cracker anyway. What is it? I'm positive. I saw one that said carrot on it. Yeah, I like that one right there. I think no the one Right there. What does it say It says uh, if you drink this you're gonna die is what it says. What's in this crap? Fruit juice. So I look at this. Oh, servings per container too per serving carbohydrate 27. I mean it's just 54 54 grams of carbs in this. WQAM Yeah, I'm in a mobile and for now I thought that they show last night was it good? Wouldn't bad. Yeah, it would better. But why what? Parties how it would it have been better? Well, you know, she's she can't really sing she can't dance she got a nice set of cans But for 17, man, she's got a big ass. You got a big ass? It's gonna do if you have for 17. Well, she ought to be big down here. George, you got excellent. I feel bad for her when she turns 30. Yeah, Probably up to 30 who's gonna care about her when she's 30. She's got to make it now, man. I don't think anyone's gonna care about her when she's 19. Do you think to my me be police by the sign-to-rupper little action down in Kendall? Hey, what? They can make a couple of bucks off for down in Kendall. All right, thanks for the good news. Sir, there's one guy had a good time. Not kidding me with a big ass. There are he loved it. Anyway, the carotuses only got 23 grams, 46 per while one little bottle here. Okay. So in other words, it's got carotuses, but it's loaded without the stuff in here. How come it doesn't have the ingredients in here, by the way? Huh? Because carotuses couldn't possibly if that's all it was in here. After the right, it's at top of the label. There at the time. Oh, let's see from fresh. No, no, it says it says it's carotuses. Mine is the ingredients. If says let me say it again, ingredients, carotuses. That's what it says. Okay. How could carotuses have that many goddamn carbs in it? I guess it does. It does. Carotuses. And of course, you do realize that vegetable and fruit juice when you like when you use something that it like concentrate. So whatever's in there as far as carbs are concerned. There's all the thinnity of the juice and the fruit. There's no, right, that's what I'm saying. So a constant trace, whatever carbs are in there. And if you were on the yetkins, even pretending to be on it, like I had been for the last five years, forget that. Well, just say fresh cement is so that he brings it. I'll see you don't understand. I could, I could eat like a half a pint of Ben and Jerry's. Or even a good diver, which has got that peek in, the truffle, whatever that thing is. Can't do it anymore that though, because I got my alcat test results here. Anybody believe in this? No. No. See, I would have believed in it, except for the fact that this guy brought this lady nutritionist in this morning, which I don't want to mention in her name. And I'm sure she's very nice person, but nevertheless, as soon as somebody says, here's a nutritionist I go, like that. Because I know what that's all about. Cause nutritionist is no nothing. And to prove that, this lady, my almas looking at my blood test results, she brings me what is called their rotation diet. And I, and she also has a little note in there about using ghee. Now, I remember we had the conversation about ghee. In fact, in the atkins diet bar, one of those horrible, horrible tasting bars, remember one of the ingredients was ghee. And I talked about the fact that in that book by a doctor, a kilmer, a macalchi, a macalchi, what's the name? What is the name? Macalchi, a calcum? Anyway, the book about homo-system, which is very important, even much more important than your cholesterol, ghee is something you absolutely must not use. I mean, it is a homo-system spiker. And she gives me a little note about using ghee in about that. Oh, geez. And then on the rotation diet, white potato, I'm going to eat potatoes. No. The worst two things you can put in your mouth, our potatoes and corn, okay, as far as in the food category. I'm sure you can put worst things in that in your mouth, but we don't want to talk about it on a family show, but nevertheless, so what's on the top of the very list in the start, things you've got on the diet for me, white potato and corn? How do you like that? So I just, I just, I'm going to pretend that she wasn't here, okay? Okay, so I said, oh, here's the thing, ghee, butter warmed and then separated. Here's her note. Like better check that out. Am I going to check it out? No. No. Trying to get my homo-system down. My homo level down. And this lady's coming in here trying to get it up. I mean, you got to only took 14 points of blood here the other day. That's not too bad. While John Pena's was swimming on the floor and they're like a five-year-old child, I wish you would have seen that. You would have been so embarrassed for him. Keep in mind, he's not the one getting a blood drawn. I am. And who cares? He claims his reaction was not what you say it is. Well, ask a junior on Thursday when he comes back and he was sitting right where you are. He couldn't believe it. He was a guest, okay? Yes. And he was even hiding his head. He's sitting in there. I mean, we got the wall separating. He's in another room and he's like hiding and said, and looking down like a two-year-old child would do because he saw a needle. So anyway, here's the supposed things that I'm allergic to. And this thing doesn't make a lot of sense. That's why I wish you wouldn't have brought the nutrition lady in this morning because quite frankly my feeling about nutritionists is they're a full of crap, okay? And I think she bears that out with a list of a grow test things. She went, and I waited here some of the other things on this diet that you put together for me. Duck. A beans, all sorts of beans. Am I going to be eaten beans? No. Of course not. Fescent. Macro. Dear. Hearing. All kinds of fish. The way he fished. Oh no. All kinds of fruit. Can I eat fruit? I'm diabetic. No. In fact, basically, I would lose a lot of weight on her rotation because I can't eat almost any of the things on the list here. So I lose a ton of weight. Where do you find deer down here? I don't know if I wanted time green. We'll have to find a moose on the side of the road. We can all hump it together. No calories in hump and the old moose. I don't know. Where do you find a fescent down here? Where do you find all kinds of stuff she's got on here? I mean, what is this? Camel meal and she's got all kinds of a husserai on here. Peanuts. Liquorish. That sounds like a fantastic meal. All I'm going to have some liquorice now. Of course, it's only loaded with sugar and I'm a diabetic and I have liquorice. Oh, but that's on the diet. That's my nutritionally. See, I wish they'd leave me a hello alone. Okay. Smith and will and see all these other people that want to. And just like this juice guy that brings in here, which you can have these fine. That's great because you think you're doing yourself a lot of good and you're not. You're loading yourself up with a bunch of concentrated car outcar by hydrates. Free car behind rates. All that's right. It was free. George likes it. And they're yummy. Are they good? I bet they're good. And I bet you even the car juice is real sweet. Am I going to try it? No. No. But the one thing, a couple of things I find on here that I'm allergic to, like number one cow's milk, which means the ice cream. See, that's at the top of the crab. The white crabs? No. So I have crab? No. I have had but not lately. So no more ice cream. God dammit. That's way in the opposite of, I mean, way up there is in the lemonade. Don't ever see it again. Don't think about it. No more Ben and Jerry. No more good of an ice cream. Stop it already. And then the ones to avoid banana to white bananas. Well, not the kind you're thinking about. Beats, white beats? No. Land? No. Sunflowers? No. No. So I guess I'm okay there. Just stay away from that wicked banana. No chance. And then here it says here. Now here's another, see as you go by the colors on his chart, which I'm sure this is almost as boring as those interview yesterday, but not, I could never match that. You know, seriously, that is there anybody in this audience that heard Zolon Hank show yesterday? Please call in right now and verify it was the worst radio in the history of broadcasting, all right? I mean, that that was just I couldn't, I was screaming at the radio. How can you still have this man out here? And as I told you, I was going to show up good before good call. We got a lot of problem on society right now. And he and he's going on like some kind of a commentator on the passing social scene. Zol, go stuff it to put the lotion in the basket and the ball in the basket and stay off the radio. They just hand them on the goddamn morning shows, thinking at you up last Thursday or Friday morning. And I'll Hank, I realize we're desperate. I understand just how to believe me. I know we're desperate. It all started yesterday. We got a, I got a false sense of security, the previous two weeks. It was a miracle. And then as soon as they saw that July 4th holiday on the calendar, they all made a B line out of here in Hooken, blame them. But Zol, who's man? I would rather listen to, I'd rather listen to Lenny Martez, sing opera for five hours and listen to five minutes of Zol on the radio. I mean, just your kill on this man, your kill on stick to the basketball, okay? Stick it in the basket. Get off our radio station. I think I think he must be working for the Waffen. He must be working for 1700. If you're going to be getting in here enough, he'll take the whole guy out in a morning and so away. Floridian, dumb, I've dirt. And adult shops everywhere. It's Star Wars atchintois. Star Wars atchintois. Get the Yoda atchintondo. Shubaka, do it yourself home of a Zectomy kit. The R2D2 Action vibrator. The Dark Fader emerald remove a kid. It looks Skywalker. Ewok, flavor, joy jelly. Obi-Wan can noby nimbum clams. A principally disposable dootian, the Jedi Knight, inflatable a doll with belief functional vibrating lightsaber. Star Wars atchintois. In adult shops everywhere. Like size inflatable. Jump at the hunt with optional. Back you suck sold separately. 32 at 560 WCM. We got Hank in the studio, by the way, to a clock is happening. Hopefully without Zol. Oh, I'm free. And then, to subscribe, we got the, what do we got tonight? Donnie beat talking baseball and the second Chris Moore's Ancigin. Then we got the Marlins again. The Marlins didn't match 12,000 sold tickets for last night's game. Probably about 9 or 10,000 people actually showed up and probably about 6 or 7,000 those were met fans. At least maybe 4 or 5,000. I don't even like that. And it's not even quite the first to July yet. But John Henry says, oh, he sees a real interesting place in Fort Lauderdale for New Stadium in the Royal Go and we'll get it to that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, New York. Okay, sir. I was flickering yesterday and I saw OJ. It's a Miami airport. Yeah. OJ's in town. Oh, great. So this family. And I wondered why all the I want to raise going to commit for interviews. You have. He interviewing here, believe me. Maybe he can be on the new station. He can be on the new station. He can be on Athens. Are you sure? I'm sure what. He's not going to be on there. You know, on this day. Yeah, I'm very sure. Yes. How come? How come what? It's not a big great radio. No, would not be great radio. How long it would be on the air? Maybe on a yellow, you know, three-four hours a day. No, no, how long would that show last? Like, after the first two or three calls? No, no, you could do like a mix between with you. Do, but not those. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. I can go either way. Well, that's good. Don't tell his boyfriend. Oh, I think we'll be either way. He'll be real upset. Nobody heard Hank's interview with, uh, would Zoya yesterday at five o'clock. Come on. There's got to be one person in this audience that heard that the worst segment of radio in the history of the even Marconi is right to blow his brains out if he could. If you put a gun in the box right now, here's Tom. Marconi would be blown his brains out. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. You know, it would be really cool for me to be taken a vacation very soon because then I would be, you know, I'd be leaving you and, oh, boy. I don't want you to get real nervous, but you got all that crappy music you like to play. I'd get it already. I get all cranked up and ready because, oh, man, it's going to be, I, I, I knew I was coming. I knew I just didn't know exactly when. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Oh, yes, sir. No, hey, you mentioned something about the paper. Yes, it is. Oh, I'll go, but they're girl get burnt there. Yeah. Did anybody mentioned about the front page of the heroin Sunday? The sports section on the left-hand side? About wrestling for glory. I mean, they're professional wrestling under, under sports. They get the Cuban. Okay, well, she agree. See, a great similarity between that. So, okay. Great similarity. This, I see, this is a QAM, Mr. He's worried about the sports section. I'm not talking about the sports section, sir. I'm talking about the front page of the front section of a supposedly a Howard County daily newspaper decides the most important thing that happened in the last 24 hours that we should know about is a little girl fell down and got a booboo with a movie theater. This guy, see, see what I'm talking about? It's a mirror. See, we were talking about this before the show started this morning. Forget about what anybody listened to a new all sports radio station. The 17 number that Greg read a psychotic about. Forget about that. The real question is, why would any person would even have some looks of his life listen to any all sports radio station? That's the real question. Because when you really analyze the content and the things that are being talked about and we have over and over and over again. How many ways can you dissect the same God damn salmon? You know what I'm talking about? Like ten salmon. How many ways can you dissect him? Here's a mobile in Parkland, hello. I know. Yes, sir. I didn't have the interview with a lot of those. I was wondering if damn Molly's going to have his, okay. Let's go to Miami Beach, and you'll have you doing? Okay, sir. The real world and road rules. Oh, great shows. Except for the part where the girl shaved their head and lifted up her hairy armpits. Yeah, I think I got to get a new crew on. Oh, man. I don't want to leave you. Bring back aim is what I said. Oh, the real world is the best though this year. The first day that's kicked in there. They're naked. Yeah. I love it. That's why I'm into MTV now. I mean, in fact last night 11 o'clock, they have this sexual one with these made up stupid stories. And the 98 degrees runner helping the shrink-sought answer to these stupid answers. Yeah, leave it stupider. Yeah. Oh, I don't like that one too much. Well, yeah, in fact, I wiped out after 10 minutes. I showed it off went to bed because it was pretty terminal. But nevertheless, at least we got a lot of naked people on it. That's what America won. Come down tonight at 10 o'clock. All right. I'll be glued. Thanks. You'll be gluing it. So that's all I watch is my hockey games, which unfortunately there aren't any more until October. Maybe a little bit of baseball just to have it on in the background because we can laugh at the factors nobody in the stand. And then I watch a like date line in the 60 minutes parts one to 100 and MTV. That's it. I'm going to program my TV. So those are the only things that come on from now on. Yeah, I'm serious. And then a little much music if you like everyone to see a video because MTV doesn't really have a show videos. Maybe only on TRL and you know what, they really piss me off when they do on TRL because they'll show like maybe half of the video and then they'll fade it out. You know, because they got more important stuff to do like their 85 or coming. You think we got long commercial breaks on this station. The spots on MTV, they just go on and on and on and pimple creams and condoms and more pimple creams and condoms cream and I mean just unbelievable. So nobody heard so on a Hank O'Breshory yesterday. You know something maybe Hank looked out. Seriously, maybe he looked out because if anybody did hear it, they'd be screaming right now. In fact, you know something, I'm a little bit slow. Anybody who did hear it, probably will never turn on a station again. So they won't be hearing me screaming about this today. All these people on holes heard it. And they did. Oh, here's a mobile lady in the Gables. Hello. Hi, me. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I did hear those yesterday on Hank's. Okay, my wrong and my exact. It was he was asleep. He sounded like he was sleeping. He was droning. Yeah, it was he was. He was a bit like he was a bit like he was a bit like he was a bit like an OJ thing that I play. Yeah, it was a it was terminal like you say. And it was just kept going on. It was like somebody wound him up and just walked away. Yeah, that's a great cause that he's on. Right. Well, I don't know that. I couldn't even even decipher that part of it. But it didn't I didn't get it from from his show. Yeah, right. Okay. Okay. Thank you. There you go. I mean, maybe if they just would have facts this, the, well, of course, they would have probably facted up in the wrong machine. We would have shot candid. But if they would have facts them, the information about whatever his charity thing is, they will, our people could have read it on the year. And the audience could have been able to understand it and decipher it and supported it and not as the case may be. And then we go on to something more exciting, you know, like the savvy pool or something like that or pull him something. Wow. See everybody in this business thinks to be in a sports business thinks that because somebody puts on a jackstrap, therefore they belong on a year. They were really believe that. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, they believe that. And then yeah, you that, like the guy before it's given me a song that's about our entertaining OJ would be. Yeah, he'd be real entertained in a box. Mike Time to take their clothes off and start dancing in the aisle With a no wooden ass shirt make them stop putting all the things in the aisle In the corner of the ring you're down And a green day and a night Driving the window on the ground I'm dressed by his death's wedding Driving the window with a red dress They scream they dry they swore And the wind is blowing And the wind is blowing And the wind is blowing Let's be my star, our boat, our boat, our boat Woo hoo hoo I get our hair and boat, our boat 144 at 5.60 W to QA and you know, see, one thing I don't understand Why are all these little girls going to see Brittany's spirits? I don't get that I would think that if I were like some young guy Some head of a sexual guy Which I'm either young or either of the above But if I were I'd be pissed off that all the tickets got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got got a bunch of little girls Why is it that do we have like a lot of lesbians and waiting that what it's all about? Why do eight and ten and twelve year old girls want to flock to seed Brittany's spirits What is it that she, uh, I mean, unless they hope that maybe theirs can grow to be the same as hers Or they can get it Bubble gum appeal Or they're implant what bubble gum appeal Bubble gum what I can't understand That girl's Yeah Little girls have the worst taste in music. How do you explain the best three boys popularity? I wondered why I was having such a good time last week, you know? I mean, out of the obvious reasons Yeah, players mother says the WTA, the Wimbleton, uh, whatever that stands for, uh, tour is racist That's right, Alexander is Stevenson, 18 year old American threat in the super prize money while our mother claims there is racism And her daughter faces sexual advances from female players, you know something if you don't want to be around a bunch of dice, don't go play in women's sports That's my best advice, okay, sweetheart If you don't watch your daughter taking showers with bull dives and probably hammered like go, uh, you know, do something else Be a dietitian or nutritionist or something like that Or a secretary As sexist does that may sound because women's sports is a bull bike enterprise Don't you understand that? Don't you get it? So maybe all these girls that are hot in the Britney Spears, maybe they're like future athletes We need a lot of girls for that WNBA Some of me even white Here's my any hello Yeah, Billie Jean was not a dieke Yeah, what's it boy? Yeah Listen, um, I listen to the interview Uh, and I thought there was something wrong with my bread, you I kept moving around and changing the button and I still couldn't get it clear So yeah, I changed stations But I my favorite my favorite part was one so said Yeah That was my favorite I wanted to listen to this W2.3.8 that people that call the marlin game in a Spanish scene Say that we are very lucky in the county and the team is very lucky because Because of the fact that they don't have any pressure to win They can give chances and time to the young players to their barrel Right, be super star So they can continue having so I wanted I wanted to throw my radio against the wall That is the most unbelievable statement that I ever had Yeah, well white pill August till we have like two or three thousand people understand We'll see what they're gonna be saying Son was all guys son of those players you can give him 50 years Yeah, play in time and they will never get to be anything Yeah, bad players Okay, well thanks for the good news 560 560 pound-560 animal mobile online There's a bulletin for you that marlins got a lot of bad players We upset about that to be anybody care No 12,000 announced for the met this was supposed to be a big hot series Marlins won 2 in a row after losing 10 in the wrong of road They come back home the met a New York team that's having a big year by the way Give it a lighter run for their money in that division they come at a time See part of the problem is there's no New Yorkers down here now anyway There's no anybody down here now So if you need any proof of that see this is another reason that this business of having a dome stadium What difference does it make what kind of stadium you've got in a seasonal town when most of the season is played during the dog days of summer What difference does it make what kind of stadium you got they got a dome stadium and Tampa they get drawn in the crowds there No, and they're not doing that bad Nobody's showing up over there and that then Tampa is anywhere nearly a seasonal places this is Those are just a bunch of mugwumps and those pickers over there Didn't even even know where to find a road map to get out of town over on the west coast But at least over here were two thirds of the town packed up into parts in the summertime What there was a make what kind of stadium they're playing in? Was there any rain last night and he's right of rain any bad weather? No, no, there's nobody here So you put those ingredients together the fact that there's no interest in it They think they're doing out and there's nobody here and you got an empty ballpark But John Henry says he's got a great spot to build him a brand new one over there in four Loderdale I got that here somewhere along with lots and lots of other stuff by the way just in case because I know what I'm up against Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello, yes sir. I heard the interview yes, and I couldn't understand what he was saying But there was one positive that came out of it The some who've been supporting the children's home society Miami, which is a pretty good foundation Yeah, so that required like 25 minutes of mumbling to the past that information along No, I didn't understand what he was saying How's there you okay? Thank you. Okay. There you go. That wraps up that conversation. You couldn't understand what he's in. Remember just like what I was doing okay 25 minutes we had that on here. Look at this board here now. We're right back to where we were at 120 yesterday dead empty blank a blank We've gone from two weeks of hysterical response here to nothing Because everybody like I said like I just said moments ago everybody and their brother has bailed out And by the way, how come line why come line one isn't ringing? They don't ring in order. Well, yes, what do you hear any dial till I'm lying one Mr. Expert? What? No, I didn't know I just punched it up. That's why you see line selected But do you hear anything on it? No, no. So is this phone system working right? No. See me that's part of our problem here again is the fact that Greg Reed instead of being so worried about some fan of radio station At 1900 on the dial that nobody can pick up, but I know I keep repeating this day after day after day And I keep telling you that I don't give a sh** me more, but it would sure be nice if we're going to do a talk show Especially when we're up against these odds. They have a phone system that work business one work. No. And then of course line seven the other days that working now. Yeah, that one. Let's check these all see which ones work three at works four five Oops five that one don't work and six. Yeah, there we go. So some of our lines works some of more some of them don't work. I wonder what that was going on here yesterday. This this place is just on it's unbelievable. It's incredible. Everything you come in when you're working in a packed work radio station And these guys are worried about a station on 2400 on the dial that nobody in the world got a radio that can pick it up Instead of getting there acting out of the Rennis guy damn place. Here's line one. And here's line five. Okay. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. See I just do these things every now and then a curiosity and you see the result is usually the same Crap. It's usually the same. Beesley read crap. Oh geez. Something don't work in there again. That's a real surprise. Better go down to better go on the wall reeds get some more lapages glue. See we can paste this crap back together again. What is it sir? What do you say? I say how you're done. I just called to say I love you all show. What between like ten and two. And I'm from Houston, Texas. Yes sir. And I just wanted to call him say hi. I'm a radio guy myself. Really? Well I'm sorry to hear that. You know you guys were talking the other day about I guess was three or four in the afternoon about nobody was talking about sports. Well that must have been Hank that's after my time. Yeah maybe that was Hank. But I was just stupid. Yeah. Yeah I know I'm stupid. No I didn't say that. Hank said that. Hey stupid. I didn't say I admitted. Okay well I'll say James stupid. But he wasn't talking about sports and nobody else was. And I thought I'd call up and did you guys see that gal during the soccer game through the back clip? Yeah I saw the picture of it. Yeah. And did you see or do it in live action on TV? No I did not. Because that would have been a lot in the soccer game. And of course I would not have been watching that. No but they had it on news rewives. Yeah. But you missed a big one man. I would love what did you mean? I met the big one. What did what does that mean? Well I got the big one here. Yeah I got that. Okay five six. That money is some Texas where everything is bigger right? Like their bull crap. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hey Mia. Yes sir. The commercial that you want to survive the bloodline. I want to go to the now still show it. Right. If you notice like the guy behind them in line with the newspaper and a fan. I don't know. These guy that we knew is anything and he's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Okay. Where are they still running that spot? I think so. But I don't want to ruin it for you because it'll be so much fun here if you see it actually on the commercial. It's even funnier than the Gilbert looking up a bagboard. Hey. Hey. Our plastic. No. I thought it was commercial about 100 times. I thought it was a funny thing. I've ever seen it. I just noticed the other day that had mine on the on the newspaper. Some of it's probably going to ruin it for you. But I hope you get to tell you. Okay. I'll look for it. And the paper too. Yeah they're doing a thing now. Because everything of course now with the millennium we've got list of this and list of that and a greatest things and a greatest people and a greatest athlete and are all full of crap of course. But it's something to talk about. But so now they're doing a thing with the greatest commercials and television history. And I mean, where's the beef? That was okay. Clear up, peller all that. Yeah, there are some cute ones that they're showing. But the one with the with the still short. I mean, that's I don't care about anybody says that number one. There's nothing that's even close. Uh-uh. Still sure it. And that dramatic organ music and they're looking back and forth. There's the six pack of Bud Light. There's the role of toilet paper and back and forth and forth and paper are plastic. Hey guys, need to we see and a grab the little paper receipt out of our hand like. And she does like a double take on like that. Just like that. That. 560560. We got a screwed up phone system by the way. Anybody working on that in the building? Oh, okay. Our engineering people working on this is our program director involved in this. To get our phone fixed in this guy's name room. I would like to have just one time in my life. One month. Any month. Pick a month. May December. June. Holy. Whatever it is. One month where everything in here works every day for every day of the month. Oh my god. You're starting to get real pushing out Mr. You want to get paid and have stuff that works too huh? Now you're getting really carried away. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Alice abortion clinic. You're right. We're great. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. Five minutes for that. Well, I guess you got nothing else going on right sir. Uh huh. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Here's there must be line checkers. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil got. Yes sir. You don't. Okay. I want to ask you a question before I critique because I don't have an hour to radio. And maybe you could answer it. He's a critique. What? Well, I listen to your station all day long because my job requires me to be in my car. And uh, one thing that I would like to hear. I'm never going to hear. And that's you conducting one of these interviews. For example of this guy. So one of the things I don't know. Rochan never hear that. Why would I put it in a little bit doing like him on his show? Right. But what I'm saying is that I why hear people interviewing people which which is fine. And they throw them all these green pop questions. Then after they hang up, they madmouth them. And that's something I don't understand. Then one time I call about it and Hank says that if he's really tough with these people, I'm radioed and the people will never come on. That's right. That's like a lyrical mentality like John Henry. He was sucking up in time to John Henry for a long time there and had him on the show a couple of times. Oh, John Henry knows who I am and the oddy. And now John Henry's stiff and perlunched something a couple weeks ago. And now John Henry's an asshole. Yeah, I mean, I don't. That's just the way it goes. Like I said, I don't understand. And that's why I asked you maybe in radio. That's the way it's got to be. But I really kind of find something kind of real hypocritical about that. And I guess the feeling that it if it was you doing that, I would paint to hear you interview these people. Ask them the real dirty questions and see what's going on. Ask them the dirty questions. You know what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. I don't waste my time with the interviews. I agree with Manichon. I guess they are terminal. Well, I know that you're winning. It was just me dreaming of something like that because I'm sick and tired of the green First up and then they hit the critical stuff that didn't hang up and bat him. Okay. And have a great day. Calm down. A little bit his terrible. Just calm down. It's not important. Do you understand what I'm saying? No. Not important. Five thousand years from now. Nobody will give a crap about what Zo said I'm killing him yesterday. That would be like that. What he said. And going to be great. Did I hear the glass? All that. All the guy's going to show up. He's going to be great for good calls and then he'll kill the off-cood up today. But yeah. That's way for 25 minutes. I want a Bappa. Yeah. No. We did. I'll be coming to get his. Francis forward. Godfather. For his. Godfather. For. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. We're talking about a crooked cop. The kind of cop that rate book. So yeah. Well you just make sure that good behind the toy like I don't want to walk in the day with his. What if there's a glory. Oh no. I'm not a singer. I'm a sushi just. But my daughter. Okay. He's truly. Boy. They're really. And in trouble. Tower in her mouth. And drop her legs off with a job. You. I want them to. Like the father. These two boys. When I killed. Yes. Oh. To boy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh Oh. On Av'llast. The call for the number one thing you needed. Even back to the border. They're having a party. They'll play my favorite ball. They ministills, and all. I got a great idea. We could have Leo play the young son of Corley on it, which is what the rumor is and we could have Ricky Martin play El Martino Yeah, I can't do this to Leo like he could slap out that's right at Marlon Brando Well anyway he'll slap him up the side of the post straight in his ass out Yeah, Lauderdale I've been looking for this. I cut clips so damn many things down here They couldn't find his Lauderdale side favored for dome downtown area catches Henry's eye You know something again the newspapers puts up anywhere to straight face like we're supposed to believe this stuff Oh, yeah downtown for Lauderdale's emerges the leading cypher a retractable low baseball stadium for the Marlon two baseball sources said Last week Marlon's owner John Henry mentioned a proposal at off-edible highway north of Los Angeles and the vicinity of the greenhouse bus terminal there you go Funding is still a large obstacle for a new stadium Henry who hopes to have a new state of inflation four or five years would prefer most of the cost Tade by the public what a shock that is he'd prefer that we pay for it and he's shopping around finding a site where we should build a forum Sound from measure huh 560 50560 pound 560 on the 18T line on the few lines that are working here today Here's a mobile report my or cello Hey, Neil I was a go on okay, sir. I heard you talking about the road rule If I have to agree with you 100% but that is a terrible crap This new crew they got his road kill it really is in the light you said they should bring a back I mean boy everybody seemed to like that guy Yeah, everybody liked the men and children animals the Tom Green. You caught that yet. I was talked about it for an hour yesterday Yes, I that is I don't know you like the night and I love it. I know it's a natural I don't know if that I tell you I just love one In fact, you know what I mean it hangs in if you with all the so great yesterday is if Hank were to stuck some dog crap on a microphone in front of zoll Although I think to be honest with you to just kept on talking let me ask you Neil did you see the Tom Green show when they were on the Cruise ship for spring break? No, okay, you got to try to get that has somebody sent it was so funny It was the that was the first time they showed Tom Green before his show came on to MTV. Yeah, he took in the middle of the night He took a a big fish and he was knocking on the crew members door Saying he had a fish sandwich for me at a two piece of the bread with this huge fish Yeah, and you know everybody of course on the cruise ship couldn't speak any English So they loved this guy was just a wacko, you know, he is but it really it's funny to see some guy like that finally come along Thank God for Tom Green man. Thanks for those day the end day. He is really hilarious. Okay God bless you sir have a great life five six seven. Oh five sixty. She's always those delayed reaction on their show I talked about that for like five hours yesterday in a four-hour show and out today. Hey, we ever heard of Tom Green cool Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil yes sir. I did morning. Okay. Neil first time call. I just really have one thing to say Okay, great. That's the guy two by the way. You know, sir first time call or that's why it sounds like all right But I want to say guy Well, at least he's six to his line anyway five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the I'm not you know I'll try this till about eleven thirty and then I'll go to the music Because it's already the year is just about half over now. I know. Yeah, June 29th And not once this year if I really had a resort to that last summer had a resort to an air every day air Every single day crank it up line it up threaten it with a music you know play the game But this year not gone for Micah not kind of cheap God damn table we got And maybe we would during during the time it's like the music maybe some engineers can come in here or some phone company people You are phone straightened back off of the days when somebody might try to call us which would be nice Never in the history of radio. I mean what I'd tell you that nobody around here gives a crap about anything That's not just humor That's not just being a funny guy. That's the goddamn F and truth right there. Okay. We just plain don't care Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello good morning radio deity. Yes, sir. No, I am okay. Listen. I have a perveyor of medicine for you I'm very fine guy who's very close to his Australian 441 meaning we mean what not to five a deer I'm not gonna eat that crap No way how about buffalo no how about cheap collaga no I'm not a Syracuse how about rust the most Syracuse I'm not eating no need Well, can I just tell you his name no So when we get back to the list all of thank you very much for reminding me about my allergies since so we had no cost Yeah, one of those things. I'm allergic to it. Of course. I'm sitting here with a thing of<|en|> a With a can that I got from publics last night when I went there listening to Zoh and What's on the list here things have allergic to almonds cash shoes hazelnuts walnuts And of course onion and wheat and like I said ice cream cows milk and Beef Beath is on here and I've been eating all this meat on the end Can that's the problem that's the chicken riddle pile right there now chicken another allergic to or lobster or scallops Which I love or shrimp no more beef no more meat on that's the end of earth crisp too bad. Sorry Of course I could go there need lobster, but why should I do that? Why should I do that when they treat you so shabby like they did a couple of Fridays or Mondays you go whenever it was you know I'm not going back I'll go get some great seafood. I'll go to legal seafood. We'll give you some lobster. That's what I'll do Assuming of course that this thing is accurate which I have no way of knowing because you know If he wouldn't have brought the nutritionist in he would have had me sold because the rest of this stuff that he brought me was pretty much right on target You know about the wheat and about the milk and sediment so on Anybody else do these alcat tests and this allergy because this is a new big thing, you know Every six months we have something new when deciding to get your money out of your pocket. This is a new big one 567560 you see it bothers me that that line one is Yeah, bothers me looking at that it just gives me a psychological Brain fart looking at that thing on the screen knowing of course that that's not gonna flash because it's broken Okay, it's broken. Are you listening? I listen Greg I listen anybody in this building. Huh you care no, okay I mean what's the guy bullying? I can about we got some other lines there the fact that so few of them work some of them Don't some of my some of might not the fact that I might screw up the whole nobody cares about that Because it never worked right in the first place. Does the road to be worked away it's supposed to? No, what do you excrement about just calm down Just be heard back to that guilty if lost to be okay. They liked you a lot better when you said I don't give a sh** There you go. That's more like it. That's the QA MF in way We're talking about eight counties I'm not a human. I'm not a hell hard a try. Can't find a reason to watch these TV shows. Each and every one's alone. They have the same, few good tones lined. And that same cheese in that trunk. They show them all these in love. It's why I'm singing with song all. He's so my way around, really, bye. Really, bye, really, bye. I feel something inside me, say. The strength of duty of duty knows. He's so my way around, really, bye. Really, bye, really, bye. I feel something inside me, say. It's a great job, baby. You're a good day. It's 1115 at 5.50, WQA, and the home of, I'm not really sure what we're the home of any more. Maybe it's just crap. That could be it. And then you write, here's the letter from Peter and he just swans in and cruel spring to the paper this morning and another one of the worst letters ever written in history of human race. Both my wife and I read with what's concerned, the recently published article, R-rated movies will require IDs. Does any intelligent adult really think that President Clinton and the president of the National Association of The Federal Association of Theatre owners are correct and claim this will have a significant impact on what our children are seeing in the theaters. Have we now totally abandoned the idea that Hollywood could ever accept even the slightest responsibility for what is happening to and with our youth may it never be. A famous author once wrote that people should practice and think on whatever is true, honorable, right, pure, lovely, a good, good, repute excellent and more of the appraisers. Perhaps if Hollywood adopted this premise as the acid test used to determine whether or not of movie was produced, we just might see a positive adjustment in the behavior patterns of our children. No. Peter and I need to swans in a girl's spring who are living in Lala land in a dream world. You know, when Dracula came back in the early 30s, were kids running around biting each other on the neck? No. When Frankenstein came up, were people stealing other people's brains? No. Probably not. No. But perhaps if Hollywood, if those Jew producers out there in Hollywood, would just start making some better crap. You know, if we could have a lot more bandie come home and last he don't leave in the first place. Stuff like that. You know? Then we would have all this, what is it? Bandie was very violent. Why got news for it? This guy was just telling us where to get bandie for lunch and dinner. So that'll teach you bandie. I'll go more of that crap. One more of that crap, Bandie. See you later, dear. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, one in Dracula came out. I've been some girls after right after, but you know, you wish. You wish. Listen, do you remember in the Saturday night live a long time ago when Damon Williams, he was on? He used to have, there was a skit about the gibberish talker. He was like a guy in jail black guy. Yeah. And he would tell me. I told him. I procrastinate on the stipulation. And you think all these big words that made no sense whatsoever. That's what the zoo and every sound I like yesterday. Absolutely correct. Right on target man. And last comment on the Tom Green Show, some of the funny things I've ever seen were one time he was, he would go into a store and he would pick up the in in store phone and hit the page one. It's our painting. Have you seen my little brother Tommy? Tommy, come here. Come here. Yeah. So man, you're trying to blow my little pretty good. And that's it. That's all material. Tommy, I'm from President Baby. I love you. See you. Here's a facts from Peter and Miami who says, I was at the Marlins Game last night. Oh, you were the one, Peter. And there were not 12,444 and a 10. It's the really two to 3000 max. It was pathetic. How do you like that? That came on the TV last night either, not locally. And of course, the Met's telecast was blacked out. Stand on understand that. On a small day, the telecast was blacked out. And we weren't televising locally here. So you really couldn't take a look at that empty stadium there. While John Henry of course is driving around, probably somebody driving around in Lomazine to see where a good site would be so that we can build a new stadium. A nice retractable dome stadium. So that when nobody is here in the heat of the summer time and it's 100 degrees in the shade with the same crappy team, by the way, but there'll still be nobody but at least they'll be comfortable. Those 2000 out of there. We're talking crazy people is what we're talking, including this David O'Brien guy who writes in his son Sentinel, no relation to our table, Brian, and a broadcast. And by the way, anybody out there, anybody that's got even the slightest bit of a rough bonus has to really feel for Joe Angel and David Brian. How do you like that to broadcast those games, huh? Anybody out there want to do that? No. No. God. And try to make it interesting and pretend that there's actually somebody there in the stands. Anybody want to try that? No. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Has anyone called in with a few of the Britney Spears concert? We had a couple of marginal calls, yeah. Did they say anything popped out or anything? No. I got one out of a question. Yes, something popped out, but I think it was in their crotch. I got one quick thing for that. I had some surgery on my right knee last week. And before that, they write, yes, on your right knee, so make sure they don't cut up on the wrong one. And every time I looked out that thing, I just cut here and... Yeah. Okay, thanks. By the way, he's in road rules this way. Can you see? Yeah. I'm sure you'll say... No. Actually, he's a marginal. He's from the chin-down. He's okay. And he's naked a lot in the show. Well, like all those kids. I'm just telling you, there's nothing to choose from. The girls forget it. There's nobody on there you touch with somebody else's... No. No. Not even the ballchick. Not the ballchick. No. In fact, she's... Another one. I don't know. Sometimes you got crappy taste, so I've got to... I've got to go ahead and load some time. And then they got two sfarts, is that there of course, because every show at Americano has got to have a token number of sfarts is to be politically correct. So we have to, you know, and... And the guy... And if... Who ever heard of a guy named Gerr... That's his name. That's his kid's name. His name is Gerr. I'm sure it's not his real name. You're sure of that? You can check a name. You've been checking names at America lately. His name is Gerr. Hey, are you... No. Sir, so we can do like a 45-minute skit on that deal. You don't understand? No. Yeah, you do. Yes. Five, six. Hey, beats to hell out of this about begging for phone calls here. We're talking to ourselves. Why do we just shut the thing down from like the 25th of June until Labor Day? How do you... Let's take a vote. Oh, look at who I am off. Let's just run this box. We've got to make the money from this box because Greg would pee in his pants and we didn't get this box in. That's you. We're here by the way. He doesn't give a crap. They'd pay us. They'd pay us to take the whole goddamn summer off. Okay, and get out of there here. If we just make sure we get this box on. And as far as, you know, whether anybody's listening to the spot. I mean, did we ever care about in the first place? No. Let's ask, yes. What do you think? No. Okay, thanks, yes. Five, six, seven. It's just like the phone tape here. You know, any other radio station that ever worked. That's the program director to be running in. The engineer would be up here. We had the phone company on the phone. They'd be running into doing this. They'd be running into doing something. No, are they doing anything here? No. What? What is that? Lining? Lining? Lining? Lining? Lining? Lining? Lining? Hello? Can you hear me? No. Yes. Okay, that was just a crazy noise on the phone. That kid's name is yes. I saw the real-world casting special. Right. And I saw that too. He said his parents were like some hippie people. And he has, I think, a sister was some strange name also. I mean, if there's a moon unit, Zappa, there certainly can be a girge. Oh, exactly. And by the way, I do watch the show as do a lot of my friends who are in their 30s and 40s. Why not? I can't. There's a bunch of hot guys on there. Yeah, you know, they hit her. Do you watch the show at 11 o'clock at 6. So whatever they call that thing? No, not easily. Not bad. It's on on Monday night 11 o'clock. So it's like a sex kid's calling with his sex problems. Which I think most of them are made up. The first call last night and there were even though watch it was because 98 degrees was sitting on a panel. But anyway, so the first kid calls up. And then the next one was the one who was in the 20s. He was a couple of years old. He's somewhere in Georgia, okay. So he's probably doing a sister. But anyway, he's dating this 18 year old girl. And the girl's mother who's been divorced for six months is she walked in on him. She was the girl. The daughter was giving him oral sex. And the mother walked in one day and he got all embarrassed and left. And then the mother started calling him and saying, I like what I saw. And I want you. And the mother who's like probably out 38 40. She wants this 20 year old guy. And she's out of her mind. She's completely crazy. And you've got to get away from her. Well, why is that? Why is this guy giving such ridiculous advice? Whoever heard of like a 38 year old woman that wouldn't get turned on into a good looking 20 year old guy. Exactly. And this is the kind of advice they're given. Well, I never saw the show. I actually if you watched the news at 11 o'clock. To see what's going on. There you go. But I always make sure to catch real world and real first. Okay. Don't forget as Nancy Reagan said, just say, Okay. Here's Greg Reed walking with a big smile and straight like he knows what planet he's on. Does he know what he's planet he's on? No, no, you're rainous, maybe. He is peeing in his pants man. In fact, he's got you an Allison with him. She brought all these depends on the garments because he changed it under where air every five seconds. Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. What are we going to do? But if it didn't suit the hair, it'll suit the hair. Oh, my, what are we going to do? I got news for you. One more is so interview on this station. And they got a 20 year right off the bat. Okay, just automatic. Just all the people who show up there to 17. I'm going to start promoting 17 hundred under the dial because we don't get any promotion here on QAM. So I'm going to give them promotion. Not you like that because we don't get one dime, not a billboard, not a sandwich board, not a guy named Guy running up and down. Like you'd wrote, mall with a guy named sign. Now where those planes, this flies over to ballpark winners, 200 people in there. Nothing zero. Zippity, do da. That's the kind of promotion we get here on QAM. I'm going to start going back to that contract. Am I going to play in hardball? You don't understand? No, you believe it? No, of course not. Those chips keep clearing every year a couple of weeks. And sometimes they actually show up on time. Five, six and by the way, our phone screwed up. Greg, I just mentioned that in passing. Okay, I want to start pitching here. I got all these important people in here, whoever they might be. But our phone system is screwed up. Here in this make believe radio station. Wouldn't it be great to work on a station with a real phone system? Oh, yeah, that would be nice. With some real equipment that we were promised. Oh, yeah, we're getting you a new state of the art. No, getting their phone system. I'm going to see there you go again. Just say it again to make him happy. I don't give a sh** anymore. There you go. Just get on this spot. That's what we say. Just get on this spot. We don't care about anything else. If you listen fine, if you all listen, have a great life. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Following up the phone. Nice seeing you, Greg. Don't come back too soon. What is it, sir? Something you said earlier. I literally did a spit take with my coffee this morning when I saw the toddler story played in the upper right hand corner of the whole. The whole leads story. It's seen it like you're the first person to respond to that. So this is the most I mean, I realize we've been conditioned to having two crappy newspapers this down. But this this is so unbelievable so that it's either this boring here or else these people have totally lost them. Tamika Simmons, whoever she be, she writes this story and they put it on the front page about this little girl who got a booble water like because she fell down on a light in the movie film. You know, I did a spit. Oh, I got a beam movie with my coffee. You know what really plays it up even more in this town about the small town idea with a media. Somebody called in already about last night though with O.J. on the news he's coming to town on us to God every time some sort of half celebrity. Yeah. Right. Fawning and jerking and spunking and flying. Every time O.J. farce we got to hear what's slavery. It's some and listen one more thing on the animal materials gone. Did anybody calling yet about the big cause or I over the Tarzan cartoon having no blacks in it? No. That's a big piece of paper. The other day, there's a black hole. You realize that Tarzan was in the jungle. How can you be in a jungle with a black people? Extremely upset that blacks are not given a role in the movie. Yeah. Can you imagine if blacks were given the true role in the movie? Well, let me answer you. How many blacks are in McGill and gorilla? Have a great day, sir. I thought no. What are we going to do about that Tarzan in our midst? 5.670560. Yes. I thought they were always a bunch of racist comments. You little racist, spick? No. The black people about the Tarzan movies, the Johnny Wise Moller movies. They're always very upset that the black people were portrayed as tribal people. Yeah. Of all things. And what about eight? What about them? Well, if they would have had black people playing a tape, they'd have been pissed off about that. Eight. We're black as an artifact except for, you know, you know, you're not like you. Neil Rodgers. Ah. That's sweet. I guess it's crazy. It's sweet. I knew the opus to learn to keep on it. And then I hit the street. To go check out my dad. And what happened was, why would I survive it? There was a black guy in the Hanford corner. I said to him, I was out and your blood was going down. Then he looked at me and then I was some kind of brain. And you mostly enjoyed me popping. Jake Boots is a jade of food. How did you like the jade of food? So, Jake Boots fed you to do so. Like a jade of food. But how did you like it? You put me in the shake to go through food. He said he wanted tape for you. And he told that it's done. I didn't even stand. I'm getting learning economics for no one. Then he did that. He said he has learned what to do. Oh, boss, boss, you've got the boss back. As I lay there, I'm not always dying. Someone called the paramedic. I'd be too bad. Then another dude said man, you put that egg on people. Do the iron and stick and then we'll be dead. And you take a book. Jake Boots. Now I'll be doing like a jade of food. Jake Boots. You don't like a jade of food. You can't put these things on. I'll be doing like a jade of food. Jake Boots. Oh, right. Jake Boots. Jake Boots. Now I'll be doing like a jade of food. It's only 30 minutes five. If you're going to kill me, I'll pick on your car. And they see the campwear for the wrong night. We got the... I'm just the comparing. You don't want to talk about it. Come on, let's go. Come on. You can do it. Uh-huh. Thank you. Hey, there's no thing on me in that. Don't you understand you didn't put that in there. So there's no trip you want it. What do you get now? You're starting to blame in somebody like specific like Robert Greeper. Somebody defenseless who can't defend himself. Somebody you're pathetic. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and David. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. It was just the curious. Did you see the broad section of the Miami-Herald today? Yes. Where they're looking to pass second-cent gas tax. Yeah. They're trying to sneak it through it for a clock to saffton-oom. Uh-huh. Where everybody's out of town, right? That's correct. That would be great for John Henry. That's probably why he's shopping in Fort Lotteville. He can sneak another tax through for him to build a stadium. All right. And then the immigrants in Miami are rushing to get their drive-displicions since they can all drive up to the new stadium that we're going to build. Oh, yeah. Did you see that? Told you, breath. They're not going to the stadium that we got much less going to some new stadium in Broward County. Forget about that. But it's unbelievable to go to the Saga Rassman to get some currency exchange. That's what they're going to have to afford to change in their pesos. But it's unbelievable to that. It's very believable. Just like the Tony sales tax and they've cut it, that they're going to have the election and the end of July on a Thursday, which we've never had elections in Thursday and the history of this town. When everybody's definitely out of town to try to stick that through there, so we can have more metro rail. Yeah. Just what we need. Okay. Got less us, sir. Okay. We have to get the passport officer because it's hopeless here, baby. You got a bunch of corrupt gangsters running this place. And the newspaper is on the front page. And by the way, is there any follow-up to that prostitution ring in Kendall? No. Which, you know, they told us there were cops from every goddamn force. Like I said yesterday, you know that they know the names of whoever these people were. Is there any follow-up to it? Either paper today? No, but on the front page, we get this story about the little girl. Got a booble. She fell down at the movie theater. I'm going to tell you something. You people, if the newspapers in his town, you're at a disgrace. Everyone you should put in your resignation before noon today, which don't give you too much time. Scroll it out on a piece of paper or have somebody else right at that time for you and sign an ex. See it or lights burn, Todd, or I picked that thing up this morning. I looked at it and I thought, what in God's name am I back in Canon? Dagwood, New York? And I'm not exaggerating. The Canon Dagwood Daily Messenger. This is a town of 10,000 people. If some little girl would have fallen down at a light at a movie theater, it wouldn't have made their front page of the goddamn Daily Messenger. It makes their front page with a photo and a list in the goddamn Sun Sentinel. I saw a cat stuck up a tree yesterday. Maybe I should have put it on somebody stick a cat up his back. And that didn't get on the front page. Right, far there's claims he stuck that black big thing over there. That didn't get on the front page, God damn it. Probably should have. Roy. That would have been a big story. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So that was the beadliest standing in the world before with Greg. That was the brain trust. Good thing they stuck there. He didn't hear what I was screaming about this crappy cheekbones. That doesn't work. Of course, we hear they've been sung a lot of their stations lately. With all that money that they're getting from those other stations they're selling. Maybe they might get us a phone system that works. Oh, so I'm equipment that's like this car machine that's from the 15th century replaced that. Oh, I doubt it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18th, T. Wireless line. Oh, and of course that. That's when I was sitting here talking about promoting 17. I was going there and Neil, excellent. Great. That'll teach him. And yelling about the fact that we don't get one dance with a promotion in this place. Excellent. I had the idea who those people were. But now I feel like I was, I must add some kind of a six sense. Here's a mobile in Kindle. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. I don't know why the black thing playing there weren't in cars. If they're going to complain, if you can plan about all the movies. You didn't hear him complaining about not being in shinners list, you know? Yeah. Why did they start to complain about that? Let me ask you were they in Snow White? Absolutely not. I mean, was it called Snow Black? No. I was called Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. Yeah, they were in Snow White. You know, well, you will be good in Snow White. Yeah, 5605050, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's a good poll question. Did you come back to the North Army Beach? No. And they come back to the North Army? No. Anywhere? We'll frosty nads. I guess you must have some major role roles. Or 10 or 11. Still, I think you've got to know that. 12. I know that you keep on checking out my diary. Don't play the hook and don't bury me. Check out my breath that's broken down my throat. Ready to use. Alright. It's come on to me. And when the things are in. And the sound of a... I'd better feel on a daily. You know the thing about me. You think you know. I'm on the way. I haven't seen. You should be here, maybe. But you could go to jail if you'd be with me. If I'd be with you. You let it up, friend, for me. She was 25 but she just became. I've been my life that's free. Daddy, call the cops at night. I've got some perfect empty. Because I've got some empty. I've got some empty money. I've got some empty money. Oh, my show. She's underage. She's perfect. She's underage. She's underage. You know, never will have exposed to anything. The time of time. What time is she looking my? I've seen you. Let's draw the five but she's just 15. I'm wondering if anything. You got some exciting news. Thanks to my close personal friend, Barbara Sloan. That's for you, Barbara. That was the end for channel 4 when they screwed over Bob Barbara. Everybody said goodbye. Hello, I still want channel 4 and I'm really sure why. I just buy the fault. Just to see how bad they are. Just to watch you watching. I can't even think of her name anymore. I just got to sing it a little while ago. Don't tell me. I won't because I forgot. She's got the thing underlip. That big ugly thing. I want to know what the whole name is. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, man. But anyway, it'll come to you. What the whole name? The one on channel 4 and the five or clock news. Her name is somebody will call it. W to Q a m. Q a m. Okay, get her phone. Get her real phone. Okay. You see nobody even knows what her name is. W to Q a m channel 4 line. And to the right. Thank you. See this audience man. I may not be too many of them out there. Plus our phones just to make really be screwed up. Because the bees and Greg read us such a bunch of cheap pasties. But nevertheless. So Barbara Sloan facts is made this from electronic media. And this is some of the best news. And you want to know why this is great news because we know joy. To sperm. Oh, that's not it. We'll get you the weather here. What you have because what the hell is happening there? Why me? Give me the fuck. There you go. See it was worth going through that for. By the way, do we care that O.J. is having lunch right now in the grove? No, we don't. Okay. I don't want to hear any more about freaking O.J. Okay. Scroll J. Oh, by the way, Roy stuck his head and he says next time because O.J. isn't town now. He wants the double ended one. There are the Dildo. It's got a head on both ends. But at any rate. Well, I guess maybe then the two of them can see I'd I. As in brown eye to brown eye. But anyway, here's the story. It says key executive wacky. Wami TV. Oh, my god, wait till you hear this. This is. Wami. It's stuck. Could be signed that TV is getting blurry. It says. Despite the departure of several key executives responsible for the wacky launch of USA networks. Wami TV. Miami company inside is insist they remain committed to very delicious locally oriented programming format. Yeah, like the monsters. That's promoted locally, right? No. Yeah. Last week, USA brand. And, uh, mash, right? No. USA broadcasting executive vice president Doug Binsack. Binky. Vice president for news bill. Binky. What is it? Binky is Mark Pinky. Well, what? Why would you let me read this please? What's there for the make of it? It's Binky. If it's Binky. If it's Winky, Dinky. What difference does it make? Vice president for news bill, notal filter. And Maddie Lesham. That's Binky. Who ran the station as editor and chief. We're all leaving their post. Oh, Mr. Lesham said he was moving back to Los Angeles with a banjo on his knee for family reasons. This was the negotiating for a new position with USA. Something you can have like maybe, uh, being the, uh, attended in the washroom. Mr. Binsack, according to the sources, was in talks with USA about backing a new production company. Mr. Notal filter was leaving the company because of family considerations. Maybe because of the embarrassment factor. That might have been it. Uh-huh. Some observers said that a part was where a sign that USA was rethinking city vision, which in Miami was launched with a full-slite of unfamiliar shows and gimmicks like Lips at 11. Hi. Yeah. Lips at 11. You know what she said last week? I've got two sets of lift. And there's still nobody watching is what she said. A news update in which only a female announces mouth is on screen. It's true. Few viewers. It drew all early George. Recently, the station is added. Movies and syndicated shows to its line up to attract the measurable audience. USA is also added to senior executives with conventional space and experience. Wow. What a concept. People that understand what a TV set is. Huh. Very baker. Chief operating officer of USA Network and Rick Feldman. Chief operating officer of USA broadcasting. Those moves prompted servers to conclude that when USA transforms more of its stations from home shopping that work programming, they'll be more in the mode of traditional independence stations rather than experiment in local programming, which was a total and disill failure. How is bill direct to one by the way? How loud? How's our good friend Bill Drack anybody seen him? Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Let's hear it for Bill Drack. Come on. I'm not sure. Most USA and Siders say that the departures were mostly personal decisions and that's set of the ones that are going right now and they're lying through their teeth. Because anybody with a brain nose. Let me. Get it stopped. Right. Nice going Maddie. Lysham. You jackass. In fact, let's take a poll. Who's the bigger asshole? Maddie, Lysham or Peter Bullger? There's a real tough match. God. In fact, let's have celebrity death match with those two on. Oh, when I say, like tonight at 10 would be good. 560560, on the AT&T line we got 1600 open lines here. We got about 2200 that don't work. But they listen, don't mess with that because the bees are in the building. You know what that means, don't you? Hopefully somebody's going to buy this joint. Here's a mobile in Miami, be. Chelo. Yes sir. Good. Long time, Lysham or second time collar. Were you familiar with the Kenneth Clark, a second harassment suit brought against the Dave County principle. I don't know. No sir, I absolutely am not. He's got the taxpayer about almost a million dollars and they re-assigned him doing a administrative position. Where he's only going to make 70,000 years instead of 91,000. Yeah. So what happened was that the herald berry disk in the back of the local section instead they put on the front page about the tech to press the teacher accused with bribery charges. Yeah. Amazing. They must, the county schools and the herald definitely must be in bed together. Yeah. Anyway, and what about the story about the cops with the pin cops with the price to do it ringing candle? Where did that story disappear to? Yeah. They sweep it under the rug. Very good at it. We got a girl got a boobalonters like that's on a fun page in the sunset. But we got cops who are now 16 year old girls and we can't find out who the hell they are and the story just vanishes in the thin air like Ray Malan. Here's a rule for you now. The herald needs to publish. There's a read before you read. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. We got 400 open lines here. We almost made it till noon. It's a real struggle but we're just going to keep bang and away and bang and away and plug it away for each another day or two anyway. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You're not thinking about going on vacation. I'm tired of time like this to abandon George and leave him with no audience and nobody in town. Would you do that? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. Great. Thank you. Last call of day. It's still right. I'm Neil. Yes sir. Tom Green. God. Did you see the one where he got up and we're looking at the only did six shows pal. You know, to rehash them here on the air even though you were the last call. I really don't want to do that because we've already did it yesterday and we've done it part of the day. They're all funny but you have to see them. It's one of those things. You have to be there to really get to feeling, you know. But thank you so much. And we love Tom Green. That's what we need to say about him. Best show on TV. Watch it. 10. 30. 30 nights. And one of the two will clock. They show two episodes back to back on MTV on Sunday. Got it? Okay. It's great. But you got to see it. We can't keep rehashing Tom Green show here on the radio because it's like listen to those those interview yesterday. Call my inducing. You know what I'm talking about? 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm going to start reading all the foods that are candy. That should take another hour and a half. They'll get us almost up to 130. Did we have any calls about this. Is it out? Cat allergy test today? No. Nothing. In fact, we have an A calls about anything here today. All we had calls about was to four or five people went to the Britney Spears concert. And there was nothing but eight year old kid there. And they were all upset because he wasn't naked. And number two time Green is great. That's our calls today. So far. And OJs haven't lunch in the grove. Does anybody care? No. Does yes care? No. 5 6 7 0 5 60. 5 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Is there anybody listening to the show? No. Is there anybody in town? Anybody with an IQ bigger than a bread box? No. Here's your field. Hello. And you know, I got a new name to add to your list of specific names. Yeah. Kill a Wanda. Kill a Wanda? Yeah. Kill a whale? Yeah. Was it news? The radio? Or on TV? And they were interviewing this girl and they drug and fest that neighborhood. And it was kill a K.I.I.L.O. Wanda. I thought you'd like that. Maybe it was Kilo. It was Kilo. Oh, well, there you go. That's what was coming in the neighborhood was there. It was another Kilo. You better be getting it straight, Mr. You just don't got your Kilo right. 5. Or maybe it was ready Kilo a lot. 5. 5.6705. 6. 5.660 on the AT&T wireless line. You're ready Kilo a lot. Out in LA. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. You sure it's gone down. Okay. Great. With a call like that, you're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. But thanks for listening. Like I always say to assholes like you. Thanks so much for listening to the video. Roger show here at 5.60WQA. Yeah. See because anybody with a brain doesn't call up a show and say, your show is going to put a sock over it in the phone too. They go and they find something else through that they might enjoy. But have an eye stay and go back to New York by the way when you're finished. Or sooner or the case may be. Here's a mobile and for a lot of day. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you just mentioned a subject that I absolutely got with the how you're talking about. But I'll mention the new sports station. You can't refer into it as Athens. Yeah. The multi-lingual person that I am and if you could believe it or not, Athens and German actually means a monkey. Yeah. So I think that's a. I'll be there some kind of a racial overtoner. You never know. Probably somebody could upset about it. Could actually be that. Oh, Neil. I think I was going to have some of the thing that it was the more testing is throughout. Okay. Yes, sir. I'll still leave. I'll be there so in. Whichland Uber. Allus. I'm sorry. 560, 560. Palm-560. This claim is not a hands of the German police. And I said, oh. 560, 560, Palm-560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. You know, the guy that call the st do they don't want to meet it. Tell them where to go in December. I'll tell you where to go right now. K, pal. Coughing up any day that we got. Be more and happy to tell you where to go. I mean, that that was the definitive call where she can go in December.. Yeah, and November. Yeah, whenever you like 560 it's a workout today Boy, even Jane fun and never had to work out like this 560 560 560 like I said let's take a poll. Should we shut QAM down from June 20th to about the Labor Day come on Let's take a poll. I vote What's ask yes? What does he say yes? Yes, yes, you say George says oh, absolutely yes, that's three S is so far, okay? Anybody disagree? Here's a mobile in vocalo Mobile in vocalo yes sir Okay, get you a real phone and call me back with your spy reports on simulating Woo Heavy duty. Come on. Let's go. Let's get with it here all five of you. Let's go 560 560 550 on the AT&T line Shut it off yes or no can you handle that yes or no WQAM QAM Oh, yes, or speak to me. Oh, speaking I knew what can we do for you retard Okay, thank you. See what I'm saying there's nobody here. The only people are here right now are the losers Including us were the losers That's why everybody in this building you said George is going on vacation in just a couple of days. Thank God. Thank the Lord for that all get now to hear 4 million people and no one did they got it on the front page a little drug out of boobl fell down on the light of the movie theater On the front page because that's the only exciting thing that's going on in this town That's the most exciting thing that happened here in the last 24 hours He's died the fact that our phone systems of piece of crap in the work other than that Oh Not in a way down on my top premium beer you've found a red dog You've chugged a red wolf now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red Cog Red dogs fo me head will leave you breathless red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat So we chanted that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red You can shake it and spray it all over remember you can't beat a red cock Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front 14 is five 60 W QM anybody awake out there anybody in town Okay, this is what it's gonna be like and I'm going on vacation a couple of days until was hanging until his bluff and so is everybody Also the brain except those who can't go again who just came back, but nevertheless And I'm taking it on myself. You know am I really coming back in? Oh, what are you about that? At least until after labor day Am I catch some horrendous viral disease? You know some rotestic like jungle fever or something like that? I'd have to be out till like after September the 6th Course, I still expect those texture on up here via a couple weeks at least close to pay day 560 560 pump 560 on the mobile one line I mean, this is what summer is like in a magic city that this is this is hell, okay? I take back about there's no heaven in no hell because I finally discovered what hell is all just a refresher course Because I go through it every year for the last 23 years, but this is a good refresher course It's like you know, it's like burning your head on the stove Maybe you haven't done it in 15 or 20 years and you forgot and well how bad it really was Like it in a paper cut you forget how bad it really was now painful But the next time you get when you say oh, yeah, here's a good refresher course I don't think I'll be doing this again soon if I can help it Here's a plantation hello or homestead or Miami somewhere hello Miami 21 minutes 44 seconds and Miami is gone. Thank you so much for hanging on and for listening to this so whatever this is Homestead hello Yeah, no, yes, sir my name is Brian. I am the president of the PPA police officers pending association And I just wanted to ask you a quick question why do you always go to a dump like answer that we can go to Germany Now the finest life and do exactly the same thing finest one life Meaning what meaning You say you hate USA so much especially Miami just go over to a Germanian. I get your stuff a little left go in there How do you know I don't go to Germany? Well, you're always going to answer them. I don't even know where I'm going didn't I just go to you show I just go to your show. Didn't I just go to Colone Germany on a last trip? Yeah, maybe you did and did not go to Berlin like a couple years ago Did they fry you after you was doing me? Oh, yeah, there we go didn't that last time I checked out the in Germany My Nazi friend and though they didn't fry my ass and I had a great time there sir and blow it out your ass and have a great day That's what we got left our losers like him. That's who's in town Guys that couldn't get arrested and I got the empty way that's him 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a call from Alberta You got yes sir. Hey, you're talking about Tom Green yesterday Yeah, yeah, it's a really good show If you want I could spend a downable bunch of all that this is great. Yes, and One of the things both French Canadian and just as there in birth as you are about them I think they're got some sorry Okay, have a great day. Okay. Thanks. Okay, so goodbye to Theo Ferry for us to why you're at it 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line two calls on a board I mean this you know what's the point? What is the point of going through this exercise? I'm getting this box on and trying to make a living There's nobody out there that wants to hear this show today. They want anything to do with the show We got a couple of wise guys out there We got a couple of new cranks who have no life without a new hobby now and that's it This is like I said Let's take the thing off the year for a couple of months give everybody a rest We'll run the spots like in the middle of the night when nobody's listening because there's nobody listening now anyway Plantation hello Okay, great. Have a great day pal. What about your ass too while you're at it? That a little bit of a leak problem. Here's Carl Springs, hello Yeah, I think it's time for a cook fashion time It is since it's kind of light in the list of loads It's not a bad time to be or remember we got a week ago You were talking about white people watch golf. Where does that interesting? Oh, he's he well a bunch of years ago I used to want going to college. I worked in a golf course And the advantage was golf widows Well, all these guys were Go on around a golf course all the women were home looking for young guys to help them out So golf has some wonderful meanings to people like myself We never watch it now That's it. Okay. Have a good time. Okay. Bye What the oxygen Deep breeze come on deep pretty 560 560 palm 560 on the mobile one line Well, if we could take like a random sample of works left here in town And it just started like I said the week before the fourth did you lie? You don't have to worry about a lot of fireworks this fourth did you like like usual because there won't be anybody around to sit them off Or like all the gunshots, you know under that and highly Hopefully shoot in the highly But I've been that there ain't nobody here to mess up your time Here's Miami. Hello hello. Hello, no, yes, sir. We're the humor at Miami Yeah And and when I think about that thinking about the people who used to call the show I don't call your show. I usually listen every day, but I don't call yeah, but you know when you were on his A to I'm a Resorting groups the guys that will call yeah, I don't know what college guys You're going to floor the living and breathing people and random as those people aren't here right now They all get there a lot of you are in a number time and every day with almost like an adventure because they didn't necessarily call every day But when they call they have some stuff You know they had material right yeah, and that's got no material like I said That's why the front page of the newspaper is about a little girl has fell down and got a boo boo on a light in the movie See and not your front page story and a soft Florida and not only that We have so many boring people who are in charge of too much stuff around here. Yeah, you know You look at our baseball team that guy. I mean look at the face. Yeah, and then you get Well, Pat lives and saying thing then you you get people in the news. They're all plastic everything is the same So there you go, but anyway, I'll keep listening. I'm sure it's got to get better Well, thanks for the uplifting call all right and have a great day now. I feel a lot better, don't I? No, okay one call left out of orange. I got a lot more music where the other students stuff came from okay 5 670 5 60 5 5 60 on a mobile one line Here's our last call today a mobile it and probably last call the summer for me mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah, I don't do not play that Show from this guy Ricky Martin. Please. I'm not playing Ricky Martin. That wasn't Ricky Martin. Good. That's good Listen That you know every time you know the blue hair goes away and the I don't sure I don't get calls from blue hairs my audience aren't blue hairs. I'm talking about it And talk about the whole town. Yeah, the whole town goes bad. I mean, it's probably Well, I must have happened and must have happened over this last weekend because the last two weeks has shocked They hell out of me. We've been smoking on a show. We now starting yesterday It's like somebody pulled a plug and everybody like somebody had a guy then bombscare Everybody just banded this play. They evacuated It's actually before the photo relay the whole thing starts they go back up north and the town is like that Yeah, well I'm gonna have a good drive and this is what it's gonna be like between now and labor day. I got news for I'm not coming back I know well, what's the point they can play music in here? They can play old taste They can put anything on here they can sit in somebody down here go to a mollo And wrote like that for four hours today. Just get the spot in it doesn't make any difference Nobody want to talk to me now. It's well here. I'll tell you what You leave town that would be the last nail on the cover. Yeah, I know I had time before we even up I want to call my brother and my mother Doish backs. Okay, and you mama back. Okay, see you He said you mama and I can't play them five six seven five six they plus the fact that our phone system It's exactly working to Rick. I mean a phone there the little I don't even want to talk about Coming in and very bizarre places and the pop and around how's line one doing by the way Here anything on that line listen to that you're anything there no Yeah, are they working on that by the way? I bet you they're feverish like you know hold of that phone company Getting this thing straight now. Yeah, we don't need too many phone lines. It's a good point You know they probably shut a couple of them down so they can stop paying form the rest of the summer What do you know all's phone lines for when there's nobody listening and nobody call anyway good point These nice going you cheap bastard 567.0560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Davy hello Yes, sir first time caller long time listener all right I was picked as an arbitron listener. I filled out my two diaries on for myself Once my wife last week god bless you sir. We love you dearly and for the comments section I wrote two words Neil God Neil God outstanding Just thought of right in your day. That's the make me feel like coming back tomorrow Okay, thank you. Oh much pal. We love you. Okay. There you go. Here's a guy. It's all we care about Diaries diaries response ratings business money. That's always care about not doing a show and have it a good time Which I actually was the last two weeks see this is bad what you're doing to us now really bad Because the last couple of weeks there actually been having a good time here thinking hey I you know don't give a crap about all this stuff anymore Jell to got me in the right frame of mind everybody's in a good mood the phones are bringing off the hook We actually had two or three people like the guy said had a little bit of material not too much but at least to start And every time this town when you think you got it by the ass They You get down baby. They just knock your right back down to your knees look at poor Maddie Lysham there at Wemi There's a guy that puts some real crap on here and has to leave her be twins tail between his legs Yeah That you know between the guy with the diaries and Maddie Lysham leave and I should be very good in the mood today, you know In spite of all this crap. It's but I'm not talking anybody with an XU bigger than three except maybe four or five today See that's why you know I heard Hank a few days ago talking about somebody came to him and wanted to syndicate the show And he talked to Greg about it and he talked about it and he talked about it in the side of the against it because then you start talking You know about stuff that's going on out of town. Oh, you know when he come right down to it Is anybody interested in what's going on in town? Oh, they care about the marlins. Oh about this stadium cramp. Oh no bad move hammer bad move I'd give my left not if somebody would come here and say hey We'd love to syndicate your show and of course if I anybody behind me that was like, you know capable of doing that So we had like five hundred phone lines here and it's that has spent a half of the day like I did all last summer spending half of the show Begging for God damn phone calls, which that's the stuff they put on Randy by the way, which is why they're showing Mash and God damn monsters 20 hours a day Unbelievable Maddie Lysham another another genius comes to town They come in they go and they come in they go almostly go get on a goddamn plane and fly off it and never never let We were so impressed with his cell phone where we oh yeah first thing he walked in downstairs on the second floor He's on the phone talking to what it was cronies in London and talking to me a lot There probably wasn't even it was a dial tone probably Oh, you're in London well I'm here in Miami and we're getting this thing all straightened up and we're gonna kick some real ash and very Diller told me that last time he was on his knees. Well 567 0560 pound I'd rather I'd rather work for Philist Excellent 567 0560 pound 560 on the mobile one line Miami again hello Thank you. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know how you doing okay? I wanted to tell you that I watched 2020 also that's about the only thing I watched other than the animal flavor You don't like the animal kind no another thing about your colors You always say it's the last call. So everybody hang up. What is this? You always end up seeing a last call and then when I say it's the last call That means there's nobody else on the board don't tell everybody hangs up when I say that that's the only call that's left That's the message there. Okay He and you okay have a great day. Okay You follow that are you folks following that no man now a little bit confused? I thought maybe I was making it very clear But don't make make things complicated like that you should say okay Here's the only call we got less than a board so this might be the last call of the maybe I should start saying that Oh, it must be those nuts Did anybody call or know what they think about this outcat test? Oh, you know yesterday before I got to results I got some God calling asking me about this about these allergy blood tests The results come in today. I mentioned a little bit about it without getting too boring because it is terminal and about that nutrition lady Who didn't know her as for my rectum And then the response there's got to be somebody out there in no matter what it is just like the thing with a God damn Brittany spirit's contest last night or her out concert And it is like a goddamn contest we finally after squeezing and digging and pleading We had like the one guy he didn't even go as wife and daughter when he was upset because he didn't see her naked or whatever And it like two or three other guys went nothing to say So basically it was all eight nine ten and eleven year old girls there to see Brittany. I don't understand that To me there's something like bizarre about that I would have thought there would have been like 13 and 16 and 20 and the 30 year old guys there to see Brittany last night Falling all over each other and I would have said yeah now you're talking that makes some sense Why do I want you eight and ten eleven year old girls want to go see Brittany spears unless they're hoping something they can't breast like that I don't get it she's a real model Yeah, she's rolling it or maybe they would just want to see if she was gonna pick her or shorts out of her cracks this time and so the other chicken in video Maybe that's what they were hoping for I Don't know very strange gentlemen Like it offer only one tip for the future Act strange and people will leave you alone The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than I own the andering experience Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispy and singing feelings by the kernels close to crackle and pop Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads at the hole where they say how much lick a stranger Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign of respect Take lots of pills one of them might work Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis Be annoying During an IRS audit staple the guys hand to his desk Moon funeral Play go fetch with a scene eye dog while he's working Run naked through a mall yelling kill her bees kill her bees Say the word titty without smiley Try to figure out who said polyshore should star in movies Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it Disappear for great lengths of time Try to touch your forehead with your tongue It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books Try to find the secret to caratops success Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted in one or a few more last before they passed out Try not to lose your finger in your nose take a bath cost list and toss them on a long next door Go on a car crew with Bob Cospist and force of the stainless car seat Try to dribble Bob Cosps Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness Knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimable wish no real Anyone unless you don't like them then screw them around their own Realize anyone who says that completely has a completely full of crap Ask a healthy angel if he's a woman or he has you always want like that Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them Sniff and old lady Imagine boomer pile and a gay bar trying to get lucky Do this without laughing Find what's left of your innocence Understand it embraces Protected and it is so often Take it out for a nice knife Caratops not to care Hum while you eat That strange and people will eat you alone. Oh right For 35 at 5.60 WC by the way, speed of acting strange. It's not just this show. It's yesterday I wrote a public and I walk in there. There's a woman and Or woman and she's like going over to grab a cart I had just taken my cart and I'm like walking toward the inside entrance and she's like mumbling and I read I realized she's like mumbling at me and I look and she's not talking to me. She's like mumbling In other words louder Well not quite like that, but she's like same things but like not loud enough for me to hear it But like loud enough for me to know that she's talking you won't say Like everybody is the strange whoever is left him. Maybe they're just all psychotic because everybody like you know abandoned us I know that's how I feel oh line one just rank oh my god the phone companies finally came in here Let me ask you something. Why do we need not that we don't like our friends at the phone company at least the ones that aren't screw with our phone lines But why is it that they have to come in here like every few days? I mean I'm holding the doing this for 172 years This is the only station I've ever worked at where the phone company has to keep coming back like every half an hour because the phone keeps Crapping out look at that now the phone is very what line size to what happens line five is working Oh my god How do you like that You know, let me just mention this about the alcat test in case anybody cares which I doubt one of the things I'm allergic to when he was asked for time Is there anybody who drinks more diet soda in the world than I do not anymore? Maybe me I'm allergic to as per tank and I've read that a lot of in fact even on a acins one of the things he says that's an impetit if you have an allergic reaction as per tank is As per tank neutral sweet okay and all those diets so this So stick with your sole water baby stick with your sole and parry anything else that engine a How do you like that we finally got the phone fixed here for Christy But you know you made an excellent point. I don't want to start ripping them too much the day deserve it because there's such a bunch of bump works there I had morning show such a bunch of pussy like today the morning the the morning that the music was banging from power 96 and they didn't have the Cahones to complain about it Because there are a bunch of panties that are afraid of their own goddamn backside especially that beefo In fact I bet you that was his mother bed a year to your store last night. I bet you it was I bet you that was video that I signed that nice car to you Minimal senate a bit you're always saying is bad. That's probably what she was saying Because before I saw her So anyway, yeah, beefo don't have the ball so it went to phones or screwed up like this you see if the morning people if they actually Whatever get a phone call which they don't but if they get more than like one call at a time and maybe check the lines to see if they're working like we do Because even as slow as it is right now in the death days of hell in the summertime here in 80s We know that every now and then you better check the guy damn lines because this is a horseball phone system And a horseball phone company And if they do that in the morning, he'd be given his then if they did that then I might get fixed in time for like somebody else And God forbid we should do that because then nobody will want to have so much good material Here's a mobile and del Rey B Oh, and look at that and there's line six doing the line. That's the olignate routine. It just moved over to line six So just when you count your phone lines before they had line six is all screwed up I'm gonna tell you something new people is a phone company man. You're a joke and let's have a contest who's worse the cable people are the phone people Who's more inept Just when we thought I Air raid 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, this is some kind of a day. I'll say this is it I'm gonna hold in right my diary which I don't even have them but I think I'm gonna start one today I'm gonna roll home and write my little diary a few notes and say do diary Woo And you know something and the best part of it is that's one of the bitter calls we've had all day 21 before one is five 60 WQAM you're not ready for competition station. I'll tell you that baby These criminalized put in Florida What a better figure As he finds the chief and Sexy ride I think the mosquito Would you not buy anything to myself? What a better figure Oh Now I've drink a lot And feeling free I have got to find a day because they think the prize I reach out with my hands and How do you do Really mean in you Have to do fashion I get the fuck I would do as Mountain Gun Nothing Bo Put We'll go get some water for the next O'N County thing as we get the water. It's not the second one. We got the Zondy beat talking about the ball and moves into the match again. The night before another poultry crowd. And then we got Orlando Elzaguria 10 for ready K. Because that'll make very good. I feel better. We got some spick on here. 10 o'clock tonight. OK, here's a mobile and summarize. Hello. Hello now. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? OK. First time for a call, I just said cold-said really like the show. And if you want to get good time, bring one. You got to see the wall where he filmed the stuff getting drunk and sit out on? No. He starts fuking all over the place. Well, you know, now Bernie said he's got them all on tape so he's going to send me the video. Good. You'll love it. It's really funny. Time grabs the best baby. Yeah. See you. Oh, it's already. OK. By the way, I forgot to mention this from Jose Lam beat who at least didn't mention Ricky Martin again today. No, no, no, no, no. He didn't mention Britney Spears though, but forget about her. That's only for the eight and ten-year-old girls, I guess. He says Fort Lauderdale Sex Bay is on life support. He says City of Fort Lauderdale 1, Sex Industries 0 is what it says. When appeals court has allowed the City to ban what of its longest traditions, the friction dance. And legal in Fort Lauderdale. There you go. Leggie strippers rubbing themselves all over bar patrons for $20 tips are going the way of the drunken spring breaker long gone. Strippers now have to stay at least four feet away from customers and let's fully dressed. The ruling also takes away a strip bar staple slipping muddy and guard her belt under wears and bras. No more in Fort Lauderdale. And so the dancing it's to be confined to a stage at least 18 inches high. Everybody's going to be partying in Oakland Park now said Sex Industries lawyer James Benjamin referring to the fact that that's just about anything still goes there for the time being. The court upheld a 96-loader day ordinance that regulates for clubs. It was challenged by the owners of the Beachside Club Gummer Appers. Of course the joint lawyers will appeal the appeal focusing on the ordinance's weird details like banning erections and adult establishments that serve alcohol. Of course if you drink it up alcohol, you can't get an erection anyway. So maybe that's the idea. Banning erections and adult establishments that serve alcohol. How can you ban erections said Gummer Appers lawyer Richard Dick Rosenbaum? That's what Dick said. How do you like that? And everybody kind of sits back and goes, yeah. 560, 560, Pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got some of our lines working. Who is all that business going on here back and forth? What is that? That's stuffy language going on with the phone. What is going on with the phones? There's one line that apparently isn't working in all the rest of the lines 7. You're going to get the feedback but otherwise. I like a sound like a sound tone to be in line 7. I don't get no fear. How about line 5? We got feedback on 5. How about one? We got feedback on one? No. I don't know what he's talking about. How about one? We got a, what about eight? How about my eight? No. Oh. That's an old problem. That's from the first day we came up here. That's not the new. That's an old problem. If I was somebody out there with a position of authority, I'd get one of those guy dead big horse whips like they usually pump at a park and I whipped the crap out of these guys on the phone company, even though it's probably not their guy dead in full and beat the crap out of somebody and say it's about freaking times since we're paying for the service and we're supposed to be a freaking talk radio station that we get a phone system here where the phone lines work. Wouldn't that be nice, huh? Like I've told you, over and over again for the last 500 years just once in my life to work for somebody where they really try to make it effort to do something for you to give you something that works. Not that I care, you know, understand that. I don't give a sh** me more. That's right. Keep that in mind at all times, but I'm just, you know, venting a little bit. Just once it would be nice. Here's my any, hello. Okay. Thanks. That was cute. Mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Hey, Neah, how you doing? This is definitely okay, sir. Hey, I was calling the ask and I've been in and out of my truck today. I didn't hear you talk about the young lady or the elderly lady that over the last 20 years, she's suffocated, ate of her children. And she's not getting any jail time either. If she's going to get probation, right, if probation came to a boil. He only murdered eight of her kids and then lied about it. And then finally said, well, I guess I must have been crazy. And I said, okay. Unbelievable, but it's smoke one, John. And you're going to jail. That's right. You got a man. All right, Neah. Okay, squeeze it tight in your passport, too. 567, a little 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Cooper City, hello. Neah, God. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Ed, your questions for you. One, who's better looking? Ricky Martin or a little polio, and Laseus. Polio, and Laseus? Or Iricate, Jesus. And Rik, I'm not in this where Rik, he couldn't look and Rik, he's back home, I bet he'd love to. All right, another next question. Who's, what do you think the top 5 best looking M. Ashley's are? I don't know. Who do you think the top 5 male athletes are, sir? Oh, I'm asking you. I don't know. Who do you think they are? Well, but see, that bill of poof is good for you. Good luck. Marks are the poof is good choice, yeah? Yeah. Patrick Raffner? No, wrong. Groat test. How about a Volvo boring? Yeah, he's okay. He's all right. He's all right. Who do you think he ain't nowhere and gave you? I'll tell you that. Who's that? Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, five, 60, on a mobile one line. Who's that? Oh, I'm sorry. I mentioned a hockey player. See, mentionedbell, brewery. Start thought he might know a little something as you know. No, of course not, see, you're getting carried away again. Although, at least he knewbell, brewery was sick. The tip off on this town by the way is, you know, a year ago it must have been right around this time a little over a year ago I came back from vacation while I was on vacation I'm reading breathlessly that the panthers just on Pavelle Burre the most exciting hockey player in the world and I'm all sighted and I'm thinking boy I can't wait to get back on the year how unusual that is and talk about this a little bit because the town's really going to be all whipped up about this I come back on the year and I'm talking about that was there any response oh who's that that bore you got well how do you pronounce that who's that oh my god almighty but they sure know they're gone five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line we got a few little lines working now now that's working too good here's Del Rey Beach hello yes sir yes yes yeah our police force is a breeding ground for criminal activity and I've uh you have to green sociology of the numerous ride-alongs and I like to talk to Neil about it what to talk to Neil about what just about what they need to do to these uh police officers and so on and so forth well what do they need to do what what's like okay what first of all it takes a certain type of person to become a cop okay when people group together they go beyond what they would normally do due to their group influence okay that makes our police force the breeding ground for criminal activity similar to you like an amateur sociology all of this that was your saying well I have a degree in it but I want you so sociology because it's a this system the sociology is still to fail and it's just shows an example right here okay yeah okay so what you have is streets for our criminals with a batching gun and personality disorders okay yeah so the only thing that the best thing that you can basically do is you have to give every cop a light detector test and every possible question they say they do this but they lie once again see they're the lie they do they say they do what they say that they give light detector test uh-huh do every police officer okay and I'm telling you this is a lie and so on and so forth what they say they have but they ask them the wrong questions like did you like the donuts at the survey package one they ask them did you make sure the coffee was fresh at 7 11 on the corner of uh plantation whatever and that's it and there are cops they're supposed to protect us well we have as much a criminal is protecting us okay and all the way up to the top one because look it takes it takes one apple to make many bad apples okay because they're social-socialized into doing it. they want to happen to make a lot of road apples right okay well listen sir thank you so much for your amateur sociology lesson and I'll see you somewhere else evidently because it's hopeless here is what he said is it hopeless here? uh-huh it's what he said five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line anybody understand what he was talking about? oh no here's the fourth waterdale hello yes? amen uh what do you think about this mass murder guy? Florida? the mass murder guy in Florida? yeah it's coming down in the railroad. yeah yeah two loose like tracks I think that's your problem pal five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile entlandation hello? meal yes sir how are you doing today? the worst the worst day of my life could I this is just I'm good I'm good in a guy where they are but trying to die reason whatever else in the fact that he let him go can but other than that yeah uh a weird comment that three weeks ago in the marlins one like well like seven games in a row? no no yeah three weeks ago yeah through the have like a little spurt there were actually people calling the sports station saying that the team has turned around oh yeah and if they just keep on they turned around and they showed us there that don't come yeah so is that's the one guy that call that says they actually have a chance for the playoff right just keep going the way they're going these people don't see anything what sir let me tell you something about baseball this is the reason that baseball is dead as a dorniel and the fact is that when you have a hundred and sixty two game schedule and you've got six hundred and fifty teams and only like six of them are going to make the playoff so whatever the number is well what what's the point what difference does it make? I mean when you get to this time of the year when it's almost the first to July and ninety five percent of the teams are already statistically eliminated or might as well be then why should anybody show up the whole thing is the first it's a farce but uh I think we should vote for penny sales tax so we can go the stadium downtown no I think we should build for a pay a penny sales tax so we can put them on a bus and set them someplace else all right yeah five six and put mayor penis on the bus two by the way who the Alex you've phony bastard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile online just keep giving those numbers out that'll kill some good time let me say it again five six seven here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello meal yes sir hey I know you're doing you've done five you haven't a great day but I just wanted to give you something a light and a little chuck a light in a moment a little I'm having a little great day I said it done silent I'm having a damn honor I don't know if you haven't seen the paper on the day please advise it one of few call over this counters go ahead I'm sorry that's right and the paper on Sunday our work our wonderful coach of the panthers did you have a see where after they they come out signing this check it but I'm not speaking their language exactly we're the only one on the line for my friend when you reminded me sir Terry Murray you continue to be an asshole you know one of the reasons that the penguins did so well they had the checkers live on can they had Robert Langanah had Yager and they had Strocka and the fact that guys who are from other countries can speak in their native language is a very good asset to them and helps the little camaraderie on the team and so on and Terry Murray all of a sudden is going to be Mr. maybe he's hung out in Miami too long he's all upset about bilingualism now and they're all going to speak English on the bench you're you know he's going to do whatever another one of his things on the school deal Terry Murray get on the same bus with Mayor penis get out of here Terry use suck don't be late for the bus and don't speak in English right see you Neil and have a great day thank you so much remind me about that yeah our little kindergarten teacher there Terry Murray who's masquerading is a hockey coach oh yeah they're all going to speak English on a bench or I'm going to give them what for yeah what for this five six seven oh five six eight five six eight five six the animal mobile one line we got sixteen hundred open lines that are actually working now we're waiting for you we're waiting are we uh and how the universe this strange and wonderful place and needs to be treated with respect cute and cutty teddy bears to each you alive always pay off your debts as you can't always count on killing the bill collector people pair things to go wrong they usually will when something is out of wax does that mean that at some point it was in wax off when she's gets a picture taken what does it say if you buy still on a equipment make damn sure it can't be tracked back to you if you stood next to Billy Blank on top of a tall buildings and pushed them off the screen like a girl all the way down if you piano player is called the pianist why don't we call race car drivers racist if people from Poland are called polls why don't we call people from Holland poll and that is the thought for today what kind of hole season I asked oh it's 102 at five 60 WQM we have 42 open lines who want to participate in our big gigantic award when he won two hour but I kind of doubt it five six seven one I doubt it I mean I'm busy looking at this thing here that John Pina's got you know if John Pina's would spend as much time servicing the good accounts that we got on the air which he's got a few of those that he fell in do like a bucket of stuff as he does trying to you know talk me into stuff that I don't want anything to do with you know if this guy would have come in here this morning without the nutritionist and I mentioned her name and not brought me this rotation diet list but it's just totally destroys any credibility so I'm looking at this other list here with my allergies and his blood testing and I'm thinking I don't know whether to buy this or not because all the why can't eat mung bean all all among you one okay I can eat okra mung bean rabbit PLA I see eat now can you tell me what that is place say it again PLA I see eat that's on my rotation I can eat that says this nutrition lady she was making some strange sounds by the way when she came in did you hear him wait a minute one moment I don't know which thing that's on is it on one yeah that's what he was making those sounds nice going John Pina's you idiot yeah and I can eat the deer and holy macro goats cheese hearing like I said this a cotton seed there you go that's my favorite anybody ain't cotton seed oh you know if you water my one seed lately but I haven't had I've seen Johnny Apple seed but ain't never eaten no cotton seed anybody's already a favorite cotton seed maybe that's your problem maybe you're allergic to it cut on my word is he find these people where does our sales department find these people and when the somebody in this building is it gonna be the program director of the general man in the group one of the 15 salesmen and when the somebody in this building finally take the bull by the horns with this outer control sales department I realize you're spending every waking minute of the day trying to sell a bunch of cheap spots on those marlin games to try to cut it at enormous multi-million dollar loss that Greg Reed has got locked around your neck like an albatross I understand that but God when the somebody in this building say oh my god this is a pile of crap we got here there's nobody servicing any of these accounts what is is that ever gonna happen oh I thought I'm gonna get started again you understand that but it's embarrassing it's humiliating it's degrading it's it's just degenerating to a point and they're just too stupid to understand it they're walking around go like yeah yeah places a kind of fish apparently oh it's a kind of fish well you know something when something first of all I don't need any fish but number two when something is on the list that you don't even know what it is it indicates to me it's a full of crap here's Miami hello Miami hello there yes sir you only discuss the sales tax issue or not this afternoon which sales tax the one that you're proposing here in the county extra penny yeah you know that some of the facts before I'm given out which maker Pinello says hiding from the public yes sir go ahead and keep talking about 84 dollars you know per person so it's a family a 40 take someone who's in a poor area carol city or a little about something family a four is in pay over three hundred some dollars the other thing I don't tell you about would just penny sales tax if you're paying rent that's going up utility bills are gonna go up right your tax at the gas pump is gonna be another two cents a gallon more tax right and then the ballot itself is a blatant why we says you can eliminate all tolls part of the plan is to add two new tolls right and take off the four tolls right the turnpikes not gonna be if not because it's because it's not a county thing it's a state thing and they can't they can't have anything to do with the turnpikes so that's another lie right that's that's a lie yeah you're still gonna have the rickenback of causing which is due to go from other tolls increase right so everybody's gonna get hit they say well the tourist pay one third if this people will look back and say quit hitting the public here with all these taxes we're getting you know raped here is hit the tourist with the tourist you know old people go to the port of Miami use the buses if you're spending a thousand dollars on a cruise are you gonna stop or not take the cruise if you have to pay an extra ten dollars or not so it feels right that's right stop hitting the four bansy deliver here that's right the rental car and they already admit that they you know it's really amazing they already admit that the metro rare was the biggest boondoggle a billion dollar boondoggle ever put a run in public here and now they want to expand it right and where do you think the mayor went on Saturday morning after day land where he was crowned the day land at the town meeting there yeah he goes to carol city to a to a prayer breakfast tell all those people in carol city we're gonna run metro rail right up 27th Avenue the next year he's gonna run a right up bar right down what he's gonna do and then you got this commissioner and broward you got a commissioner named John Barray yeah who's come up with a plan he wants to take metro rail right up to the Hollywood circle hmm guess what to take metro rail metro rail ready meet you try rail and people don't need metro rail they only look too big in addition to which when you got to the Hollywood circle what do you do then that's that's right you don't have to weigh the biggest thing that people they go they refuse to show people is we have try rail okay nobody advertised it but do you know that if you live in Palm Beach County or Broward County if you want to go to my national airport try rail goes all the way to my mayor port yeah no one tells you that they they hide the fact for you that you already have a system it take the same try rail system run it all the way into South date expressways you know 836 here's a joke of a roadway take away the tollpods the simple solution 836 you want to stop the the slowdown is built the 30 foot walls so people don't see the runway people are slowing down 836 they're watching the airplanes yeah and and this this this packs with the tourists hit the tour I think I think you're making a little bit too much sense that's exactly what the mayor told me yeah I mean it's there's like they know the Alex penis or that's our motto just say no when you hear this here's the biggest joke you closing yes they spent 15 million dollars for a busway in South date I asked the mayor on Friday night Mr. Mayor if I want to take the bus where do I park my car well we don't have any parking lots to the busway this is the planning because you want to give these people is it gets another penny not me not anybody with a brand that lives that that even comes in the day county okay thank you so I got it once you got bless you keep it up pal there's you got it's fighting a good fight they got for him and Richard Friedman at that haircut thank god we got a couple of people down here that aren't like ostriches with their head on the sand they get a bill of billions dollar boom dog over the benefit of the down pound down town power structure in the hero and now they want to expand at the same asshole that was here before marriage fear-hime comes together with this mayor penis who never met a corrupt the elected into all of a sudden getting in the in-chanted with whether it was from Mickey Harrison or Maristierheimer we're going to hell it was and now in the middle of the summer on a Thursday they're going to try to put over a fully fixed election again so they can put one over on a public here and raise the taxes again and the promises all like you're going to take the tools off and they're only going to take them off from four goddamn expressways temporarily before they added on two more expressways in five years and it has nothing to do with the tools that most of us pay which is on the turnpikes which is a state toll so just keep lying just keep manipulating just keep doing your shady bullcraft mayor or penis you're not fooling anybody with a brain god ten on a sense thank you sir god bless you ten on a set to one at five sixty q a n just say some stands for nothing welcome to the rude restaurant in the late afternoon to your table is ready what wait a minute we were here way before then what did they get to pay please sir this gentleman date is five at a looking in the yours who wants to look at that the restaurant that's not afraid to let you know what they think or do what they want table twelve it's been looking at any funny all night shall I leave it's the rude restaurant twenty percent for two of you already included but the service so I'm going to you too the restaurant you've probably already been but just you know the rude restaurant god damn fucking idiot okay one fifteen and five sixty wqm we got the sixteen open lines in date 48 and brought it a hundred and twenty two and palm each fifteen on a west coast in four miles and a hundred and seventy seven and Tampa five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warless line here's a lady mobile and holly wood hello hello yes man hi I heard my mom told me that you're talking about yes before for the robables yes I love them I know everything about them don't know anything you have tie have white is he circumcised very very very much oh he is yes I'll be half tie in a seventeen you know right okay what does that mean that mean if you're seventeen you can certainly know if he's circumcised yeah okay okay we won't go below the belt okay we'll stay above the and his mom was a stripper yeah well I said we better go back below the belt again yeah he was a North Carolina and he goes to Berkeley yeah it's majoring in how can we work with that little earring and is right here by the way because it's cute okay are you positive I'm positive you sure he's not a switch hit or maybe no okay we're going to get married you're going to get married to yes we are getting we like the whole town is getting married to yes yes you know just me okay no true I'll invite you to the wedding you're what I'll invite you to the wedding okay we'll give me the date what's the date gonna be I don't know I'll call you sooner to that you're working on it yes I bet you are okay so yes okay good luck yes just say no too yes five six seven okay see there you're going I can understand a seventeen year old girl he's not too bad I mean he's he's all right she can have but I can understand that I can't understand little girls are all whipped up I see I should have asked her about Britney Spears I sure she's probably got no interest at all Britney Spears or those big a fake boobs around that stuff and I still say if there was like a bunch of young guys there at that concert last night then we can understand the whole thing and I started to drill and make a lot of noise again over here next door we finally got a couple of phone lines working we finally got a little bit of response got to show back together just a little bit hopefully finish out the last hour and now they're drilling in their song and they got the guy dead and wrote a router going under our hands and sticking it in an rectum oh man this place let me out of here please please five six seven five 60 is the Greg Reak Construction Project continues on and on and on and on when it stops nobody knows this project's been going on since before god damn my hand but was a baby here's a mobile in Pembroke pine tell him hey Neela I just wanted to quickly mention to you I don't know if you knew that that about that girl that fell on that light it was actually on the morning news this morning I saw it it was totally ridiculous and now where you know it's I actually go to that movie theater yeah it's the the lighter it's a cool thing and it's it's shame on the mother for not watching the the baby crawling on the floor it's probably not clean in the first well not only that but her the the the her daughter's cousin or rabbit out was they were playing around and she bumped into her and knocked around with this light which he had no business being there in the first place and bruised her she got a skinless the runner left cap all boy poor baby and this story makes it on the morning news this morning in this hooking local pound of arse and makes it on the front page in the sun set no it just goes to show you that there's no real news in this time is that but is that I mean it's that it's like holding up a goddamn billboards putting a big sign up saying this town is so dead that this is front page news here it's irritated sir there are towns of a 500 people where this story wouldn't have made the front page I just I figured I wasn't sure if you you'd seen it on the uh the my son I saw a channel force bed about 20 minutes on interviewing the mother and ringing their hands and gnashing and showing the light and the manager and this one and that was like this was the biggest thing we got to worry about like the guy before says both counties they're trying to stick a guy to make sure penny sales tax over on a public and pull a fast one we got cops running horror rings with under with underage girls and the news papers and a TV stations they're worried about little girl falls down and gets a boobo they uh I wasn't able to actually hear them speak with the speak English yes they spoke uh I'd want her to words that's that I got her she gets that I got her to see and have a great day see now you're getting all been on a shape because you think well I'm sitting there is name is on a moddiatus okay your people I don't know where the hell they came from and what ever does it make Emily moddiatus I was looking at us I wasn't getting been on a shape god almighty I don't know what language they speak and I don't care and I don't wish her little girl any ill but don't make a big song and a dance and a big project that it's not a news story if it was in I'm if it was in Manchester, New York I'm sure if it was on onnico which is some little horse ball if it was in two ant Florida I think there's like seven people living two like this wouldn't make the newspaper and it's on the front page in and the reason being is I would notice here yesterday and again today even worse this town is so dead everybody with more than five dollars is vacated this town everybody who had possibly any ability to get out of here starting this last weekend they made a beeline out of this place which makes for a nice peaceful drive to work and that's why I keep coming in earlier every day in the morning because I keep getting here I don't realize it doesn't take any time to get here there's no traffic got here this morning 8 30 I looked at toxic what am I doing here now it's almost one 30 I'm still saying what the hell am I doing here god damn it 560 5060 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line here's key largo hello I do it straight it's oh Jesus Christ oh god oh wow I got something for mention no I can't stand it but the chicken candle what about it yeah yeah and he says they're really covering it they don't want to open up again warms because if they do we want to open up their warms they're not to me like they already did yeah he just to me if they start saying everyone that that's been visiting the house yeah we will have a mani police department metro mighty beach or Ohio Lee well it is in that great doesn't actually a lot of wonderful things about our software to police departments that they're all over their bangin some 16 year old underrated sick and running a prostitution we get the same time by the way he says to me not even certain sales tax on it yeah you know because the goal is sure she's okay gotta believe that last part something about it back home 567 0560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line and of course nobody cares like I said this story just you know now what do you got there you got die of Pepsi and what else we're talking drink by the way no more aspirin for this kid they're they're very sweet to get me this soup but I really wanted the really simple simple notice that one that you got to go to a 5 of the giant noodles oh you don't want that no oh my god you know the thanks guys I don't want to sound like an in-grade what and I'm joking oh you're in Jason oh you're in Jason my god maybe Jason what out there actually got some lunch from self that would be good I you know that these amazing places Jason called restaurants you know and they have this stuff it's called food which I'm sure you know doesn't look like I mean Jason's a good guy but all of a sudden lately it's like he's kind of like muscle in here and the reason I'm hearing by the way I don't want to mention who told me this but the reason that these poor guys that work at the afternoon here are looking to us for more free water and more free meals is that some people are the working for I don't want to mention who's doing the show that's it I don't seem to take the care of and I always thought that he was taking them out the dinners and strip clubs are we always hearing these deals I think Hank would be upset to hear that I'm hearing all the time he's taking these poor bastards these underlings out the dinner and feeding him and getting them laid and stuff like that but the excuse that we're here it is oh well nobody's taking care of them so now Neil's got to feed everybody which I don't mind feeding everybody when we got to food in here but like ordering food on demand because Jason is hungry or this one is hungry or the beast is hungry or everybody else around here is hungry God if we had a feed this whole place to hold all of the way how to bread from Tony's which I saw him over the table from the certain fact yesterday and I wasn't trying to you bread I thought we were done with our conversation you ever had that happen where somebody like you're either in your car or you're like past somebody in the hall or in the store somewhere and you say hello and whatever you're a couple of words and then you walk away or you're driving away and then you get the feeling that like they wanted more conversation because you like pull off of the side when you got through the tool booth and I don't know what he was doing maybe a bread was dittled on them so I don't know what he was doing there we love you bread but I was in a big hurry to get there a lot of you know it's farther away from here is possible just get up the old Hershey highway 560 560 p.m. 560 on the yeah boy looks like it's going to be hours before you get that soup you know they have these real simple things these little packets you know you just put boiling hot water and you put it in there and it's like you know time it on you just see the hot water from the or you take the hot water from our cognizant from our water thing that the color and people were so kind of put in there right which I noticed the brick and a pristorm in the morning on that too here's Miami hello yeah sir are you doing great listen good things my 15 year old song is addicted to your show which is good means at some important time in life you will develop a brain right this sound down here really sucks have you ever seen it this bad though I mean that this is got this is gonna be the worst summer we've ever had I mean in the last several have been pretty boring but this is unbelievable I tell you what I've been here I can hear some so ready to get out of the first point that they fall for out my hair right he's this price him for screwing chicks 16 year old girl got him yeah and not and not sure anyone else that's the worst part tell me if they catch you do it you're name will be on a front page of the paper tomorrow and you'll be in jail for like 10 to 20 yeah I'm telling you my 15 year old song wanted to get in the eye by 12 no wait now like that yeah make sure you get him somebody it's not so well used have a great day amigo take care of you bye bye how about Britney Spears anybody want to spare a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a little girl said maybe that's all they let in there at the Britney Spears concert because they want to have a ride maybe they're afraid they let those young highly touched testosterone guys in there they would have had like a lot of squirt burdens there at the Britney Spears concert like everybody would have lined up waiting the spear Brittany because that's all they're going there for is sure one one here sing would they huh oh yeah we got a call in case you missed the beginning of the show somebody was very upset because she was lip-sinking and was gave her a lot more time to shake around and shake her hooters and her ass and all the other parties got I don't understand these people who cares about whether she's really singing or not if you held a gun or had she couldn't sing one note she can't sing a way out of a god damn paper bra without you thinking about it wait to see that new video come out next Monday not an MTV 1030 next Monday night the making of the new Britney Spears video I guarantee you'll be sitting real close to the screen and you'll have you know both hands occupied 26 pen or least a couple of fingers anyway 26 after one at five 60 WQAM holy makin on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I've been to dinner with the breakfast and sour crab and the whole list of girls our rules of actions We can't be thrown out of the prison Throw the smoke on the ground Take your dear gun I'll be in a life-eat hotel Take a life-eat hotel I'll be in a pungent hotel We'll be back in the cold I'll be in a life-eat hotel And with your grandma During a thousand-a-two gun To kill the man No fear, oh, tricks Sometimes you'll go, go He's no jail, I'm not This is a two-room-o-com This is a two-room-o-com Everyone's out, stop, go, go Here, home Let's start there in nine We're going to be in a life-eat hotel We're going to be in a life-eat hotel Maybe he can hang out with the other guy from road rules That blonde kid, the one I was kind of like retired He's Polish, so I explained to him Maybe he'd like to do his pickle You think maybe five, six, seven Maybe he'd like to do or maybe you never know I say bring back Abe and the other group for road rules From the last group, okay? We're going to back alive, maybe end up this group We got road kill instead of road rules on MTV And we're pretty pissed off about it And when it helps time green on again I know Thursday night 10, 30 Right after celebrity death match We all have some contestants We got a lot of girls, maybe we can set them in and get a little Ted David by the way, plug me again on CNBC today I think we've had my good post personal Jewish friend there at CNBC Even though we can't buy a guy then call for $50,000 Today maybe Ted could put up the money Okay, and buy us a few calls They're loaded up there at CNBC Thanks Ted Here's a mobile in the Gables Hello Yes sir My amy's really trying to pull it on 100 citizens By calling it a penny tax It's a 1% increase in tax Yeah Well, we're saying no sir, just saying no I don't want to get into a whole song today It's on this because we'll lose all 50 people we got out there Thank you, the other guy was very articulate He said it very emphatically, very forcefully Right on target, he was great, okay And at the end of that story for today What is the election? Is it July 29, I think a month from today The end of July on a Thursday Look on a counter, they're George Let's see is that July That we have up there? So what it is? It's the 29, that's a Thursday It's a last Thursday in July When there won't be 600 people there There won't be 10 of most big English left in town On the 29th of July Plus on a Thursday And they're going to try to sneak in this phony election And you mark my words The word is again backwards If you're against it vote, yes, if you're a 4 You know We're going to have to work triple overtime To make sure that nobody votes On that stupid goddamn thing, okay And as once again, mirage to your high And the cooks that run day county You're going to try to put one over on a public here Just like they did with their billion dollar boom dog And here we are 20 years later in this end Oh, that was the biggest waste of money in history And nobody's riding the goddamn thing So let's spend a lot more money to extend it And to give you all those buses this time That you were supposed to get the last time But you never got Oh man, give me a break Here's a mobile in Miami Hello Hey, now, yes sir Hey, first time baller here All right And listen to every since you've been on WKOM And I really tell you from built a delf Yes sir Okay, now my amicap rest of fresh air And this beautiful toilet And I listened to the A lot of morning interview Yes, go I Yeah That was the worst I want to try to ride now with all the policies To my close friend Hank That was the worst interview And the history of the radio industry And you know, I mean, what is this man doing on our radio station And a number for 20 or 25 minutes I don't even have to be rid of it I don't know guys out there do that 18, do I be able to go I couldn't make hands or tails about this roof wall Was talking about I used to go up in the North village It's done when you collect my cars It's like, hey, oh, go down to you Right I'm like, oh, Jay on doggy downers Have a great day, amigo Okay, sorry Yeah, if we're going to do interviews like that from now And how about an interpreter, huh? Jesus Christ Hank Five, six, I know I know we're in desperate times I would agree in a kill the half an hour Anything we kill sometime, you know, but Jesus There's got to be somebody a little more articulate Who would be speaking a little bit better than that How's that soup by the way? Got a real shower look on your face It's adequate Crap Why did you say it? It's a bunch of, you know, you have to make Jason in that What I feel when the noodles are the insignificance Yeah, that's good Even I'm good looking Even I'm a little bit hungry right now I might get something from trucks, you know, I doubt it though I don't send you that, you know? Something I'm not allergic to Is there anything left that I'm not allergic to on his list? No, no more diet soda by the way I'm in fact about that No more than assprotein for this kid I knew I was allergic to that crap I drink just gallons and gallons I just just pour that crap down Caffeine free, but nevertheless It's a killer I guarantee you by the end of the week If I just stop taking all that crap I'll look exactly like Aaron Gavey from Dallas, D'Alice D'Arrest They didn't play it to play off by the way No, but I hear a tea's got a ring I'll give him a ring Here's a mobile and less Palm Beach, chill out Hey, how you doing, Mark? Pretty good sir All right, I figured I should call it or do some advice So if you see I'm the anti-neal See I'm a skinny white hair-refectural Right, you with me? I hate coffee and I love golf Yeah How you doing? So what are you trying to say? He's an asshole Oh, I see That's me, how you doing? Pretty good asshole Yeah, that's me Yeah, I'll give him a little bit of advice That was good enough Have a nice day, asshole Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty On the AT&T world of mine, he's in Palm Beach Of course, you must understand, yeah Bites me Yeah, like I said Twenty-three Ha ha ha ha ha Oh, that was great Okay, 142 at five, sixty, WCM, I have only one thing to say Don't be so stupid And here's what I got to do with Ted Day But all I got to do is mention this man's name I'm here in the Germanian and me on the air Just like an obedient puppy dog, Ted Day That calls in which believe me We sure need your help today Blatt Day, it is so boring down here in the summertime And so dead, you can't begin to imagine It's not much better up here, I'll tell you Oh, it's like a fine day at County after Dood up here in the lightful Bergen County New Jersey Yeah, but at least you got a few people around You may not want most of them, but at least you got them Yeah, there are a few here But there, everybody's telling me, hey, do you want to just mention Do you want to hear? Ha ha ha ha Well, you had 60, in fact, I don't even wish we had as many people Called in today who wanted to talk on the air As the people are called George Offey I was like, oh Ted Day, I'm in the mansion Meal again on the air, now what did you say today? You know, how did you keep flipping my name? Don't stop doing it by the way, but how did you do that? You know, when I think streaming audio I think Neil Rogers Yeah, somebody mentioned streaming audio I know, I really didn't say him to go our tech car Right, was mentioning streaming on he was at the You're part of the expression streaming of media conference By the way, as a Renee and nervous guy, he always seems like a little nervous Now he's quite easy No, he's great, I'm the round knockin' him, but I'm just easy Like a little on the nervous hype Now they're all, oh no He's a delight to work with, he's a real pro And really knows his stuff No, no, he's cool Okay, but he was a streaming media conference Squared, Squared? Yeah, thank you very much And you got to be no drop form on Okay, sorry I won't do it again I don't know, man, I'm compulsive, I can't help myself I'm just upset because my good friend Al Goldstein sent me a Tapel eyesight from midnight blue, and which he is just Just licking Howard's during the butt from Monday to Monday You know, they're any hate tower like poison But the only thing he admits, the only reason he's doing it is because he wants to get a Howard show to plug his website And then he puts a gratuitous thing about how Neil Rogers and Miami is the best in the world And they put my picture up on the screen But then he goes back and kisses Howard's butt for ten minutes, which I'm embarrassed How do you get off of that mailing list? I'm on it from years ago when I was in radio I was sending this stuff to me, invitations to midnight portal parties Yeah, I just don't want this stuff Okay, well that sounds good, we believe you We believe that, no, we don't believe it So anyway, they mentioned to the bottom line, if they mentioned streaming audio on it So I said to my current correct, and listen to Neil Rogers That was how it was Now the last time since the last time you call I think this is getting to be kind of a gag now I feel responsible for destroying people's lives So the last time you called I was mentioning about Joe Kernan and David Faber And some of the people on your network on CNBC Who are there from like eight in the morning until God only used wind Right And now since I mentioned that Joe Kernan and David Faber Are there at seven in the morning? That's right They're there until five or six. Probably after this conversation They're going to be there 24 hours a day I told you left and they've given up their apartment In fact when the market starts day and open like 24 hours a day They'll probably have to move in We do work hard here, I'll tell you What's the hours of those though for people in broadcasting? What kind of hours of those? It's just no soft for our day radio gig Yeah Yeah, you should have only been here today you wouldn't be saying that Are you still on the Ackens diet? I heard you talking about something with what you can't eat And I remember last time I heard you run the Ackens diet I'm one of those people who goes on the Ackens for like you know Four or five hours one day, four or five hours The next day I just I can't do it I don't know I just I've got to do it but I can't do it Well it works You know the TMO sticks and they're in a purple and then it works Yeah, but you're in No, I don't pee in the sticks I prefer like inside like it plumbing, you know that kind of stuff So how was it? It was a pleasure to talk to you again But here that you once again have been plugging you on the air And you probably got thousands of calls from people saying oh Ted David We want you to know that you're on the air Actually, you know, I didn't you know I I really do listen to you on the web And I was sitting here you'd lunch Well, I'm sorry to interrupt you know that's the way I am But now what about the other people out there Do they have any ID who I am or just every time you mention my name They give you a stupid look The amazing thing is is that I apparently you know it's funny And radio you do the only thing you have is this sound So the most PD's and radio stations leave the audio up I think Here they just have the picture on So as long as you're not doing anything to the track's their attention They're not listening to what you're saying Yeah, so I could say anything Great Uh, except when we run the they close captioning I guess they could read that Uh, but nobody's ever asked me who Neil Rogers is Good, let's keep it that way I have to assume that's because they know And by the way, I got a little you might want to Next time you mention my name mentioned that if Neil Rogers buys a stock run Get on a full year before and be on the internet I get you know, I'm on his value line select I shouldn't probably said that but it's only my show so it does make any difference And they send you like the one hot stock every month Air restart that I bought from value line select a minute I touch it it just goes to hell see and I've trucking in the Metzler corporation It's just dying no matter what I touch it turns to you know what so I wish I could do a show with your drops that be one hell of a cover day I'll send them to you That'll make some of those bad suits up Have it right say Ted you too take care Take care of it said David from CNBC Who's obsessed with this show? I'll go things of such two and give it even had a photograph of two would a thing We would have played the tape of course every other word is Is it? I mean I wouldn't want to put you through the work I'm trying to believe in alcohol stain tape because every other Yeah But he does this like how it's but I mean something fierce on there You know, which I don't I don't mind that except for the fact that if you would hear him talk about how it off the year And he starts out the video by saying I'm midnight blue. Yeah, well, you know, he kicked me off the show five years because there were five years ago There was kissing Lenny Bruce's ass and blah blah blah And so then but he wants on there and by the way the website is www.screwmag.com Let's us give it out and see if he gets any response I bet you everybody has audience would like to be able to see school magazine on the internet You can buy those lasers on there Right exactly you can buy those lasers that say You and all the other good stuff and have the finger stick it off you can buy those on there too on the else website Or you could buy them from me and he didn't have to kiss my ass for me to do that always that it is make sure we keep the key was a permanent amstevan Here's Fort Myers hello Hello Neil yes sir first time I've called you in six months a couple topics I'd like to talk about it. I had sir. We have a great phone connection the first is Greg Reed and the Vs. Lease and the second topic is New Yorkers Okay, we'll start with Greg I get a lot of similarities there by the way. Yes, we'll start with Greg Reed and the Vs. Lease and the second topic. I listen to you every day. Yes, and you talked about how Greg Reed was running around saying loss and loss with this new Oh, yeah, it's alienation of affections by the hair over something like that. Well, you know if he would take one tenth of that money that he might have to give to an attorney Right to give those of us over here in Fort Myers and 800 number right who cares about that other radio station Exactly, and there's not exactly what I said if he would put his much energy into doing the things for us here to make this really a gigantic fantastic Would you could be a great place as he's worried about some little station on a spot on the dial that nobody can even pick up This man just doesn't get it because these aren't radio people so I hate to break the news here. They put on a good act. They make a lot of money They walk around looking like slippers that just left in a dumpster overnight and they just don't know this business Okay, there are people that's probably going to a bucket of crap. That's all second topic because I don't want to take too much time New Yorkers Do you know why so many New Yorkers are named Tony? Go ahead. Well, years ago when they were coming over from Italy, they could not speak English And so they put jackets on them that said two New York on the back of the jack really Yes, they got to hurt to New York and people saw the back of the jack. That's like some of the old some of the old Jews when I got to Ellis Island that get nervous and they'd ask him what their name was and they said they would say and you Did Shane Ferguson, which means I forgot and they would put down Shane Ferguson. You're the best Neil can I call somebody a do spacer Ray Monroe, you're a flame and do spacer and have a great day Shane Ferguson see you think I made that up that's a true story. Shane Ferguson. So that's how you get some of these Jews with Irish names. You know, only Jews with Irish law 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line. There's a message from one of our final listeners who by the way had a better sounding phone line than we got over here That was a great phone line. I found it like direct Even if he had nothing to say which he was a good call, but even if he had nothing to say I would listen just because it was a clear phone line You know you people at the phone and I'm not talking about the guys who work for the phone company who probably work their asses off. Okay I'm just talking about the big shots of the phone company and because you got him an apple, you're the kind of service you get I wouldn't give it to my dog, okay. That's the kind of crap service you people give out. We did the reason we should have to put up with this crap day after day and week after week. Are the phones working day? Is this line working? Do we have that crazy sound coming out of line in all that we do kind of like that? Is that all it's not on there? Here's a lady in Western. Hello. This is a lady in Western? Yes, no. Okay. Well, I need who called so good bye. How do we know that? How do we know what was one of those chronic little holios that put somebody else on there? Now we can see that line made is let's see. Damn it. I love that sound. 5605. What's still gotten his post there? Oh, he's a little upset because he found out I was allergic to nuts. I'm wasting his time all these months. Yeah, because it says on the list here, it says with or without the hair. So it doesn't make really making difference. 560560560. I'll be honest. He was jealous last week. He was very upset that I wasn't paying him enough attention when JP was in here. Well, I wanted you know, you had your supposed to be focused on the producer your show. You got to pay a lot of attention. You know, get all, you know, start with the wandering eyes to the right or left. You just look straight ahead and you focus in. Especially when he starts roller sleeves up to show your shoulders and live it up to the, oh, look at that. You took the thing moved to the next month up there. The CT off the calendar with the arrow. Lift up to his name like a champion. Great job sweetheart. 9 minutes before and by the way, if Jason is moving him to off the morning show is the rumor that I hear and going to be moving him out to do a stuff out at the ballpark. He better be in her by 10 o'clock in the morning on those days. I'll tell you right now because if I find out that Jason is moving JP out of here like during this show, then this guy, then Jason can kiss once goodbye forever. Okay. You can tell him that. He'll never get another morsel from this show. If he starts playing that game with our good close personal friend. 152 at 5. 60. Look at this. I'm so excited. I'm getting ready to read the log here. I don't know what else going on. I'm just a little. I'm easy. You know the way it goes. You know what I'm saying? No, that girl can have. I say bring back eight. I'm road rules. No more road kill. Let's get road rules back tonight.