Sorry, I can leave on. Sports radio 560 WGQAM Miami Force Loderdale presents the Neil Roddick show that they're talking to Neil called 560-563 for David Broward. For pound-five 60 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil is guest-colders. Anyone else on your show? Do not necessarily know what to do with the WGQAM. Be easy, read that position or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Roddgers on Sports Radio 560-QAM. It's Friday, you wear school. Bro, to take another bass off. Get the Pittsburgh Zone, win the Ferris and shot off the goal post. Right off the ground. A Feet sock, we've five per load of Ferris. Keep that foot on the cover of a shot. There can't be enough of the length. Have five to three. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I hope you've got the only one tip for the future. Act strange, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own me and the re-enactpirience. Put a slinky, wound, your neck, and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large bowl of rice, crispies, and sing feelings by the Colonel's ghost-knif crackling pump. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads to the hole with it say how much. Lick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger, they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play, go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall, yelling, killer bees, killer bees. Say the word kitty, without smiley. Try to figure out who said polysure should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. This appears for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your home. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a Bob Cosst system toss them on a lawn next door. Go on a car trip with Bob Cosst system force of the state is Karatop. Try to dribble Bob Cossts. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them. Then screw them on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell of angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Smith and old lady. Imagine go repile and a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it, embrace it, protect it, and every so often take it out for a nice notch. Caratop is not the care. Home. Well you eat, act strange, and people will lead you alone. Rob Knight is right. 10-4-5-60 WQM-heavy Friday too. God, no wonder they leave me alone. So speaking of that, the Dunkin don't know if people were here this morning who are terrified of me so says George, but that was good. thing was they brought in a sausage and bacon and ham and cheese and whatever that what all the way I do feel like any second. I was good so don't be panicky guys from Dunkin Donuts. I thought those were the Coligan people again. Huh? The one guy looked a little like Chris from Coligan. See how many of my chicken colleagues and three times it hasn't even started yet just to get the time direct psychotic. So I haven't stuck his head in the door this morning did you say anything about the, no, did he come anywhere near me? Just like the guy who's all been out of shape about his backs. I guarantee you I bet your dime's to a Dunkin Donuts that somebody we know got to that appearance last night somehow found his way there and made his 500 bucks. Long history though. So I can lose it on the a witness. By the way, we're going to be talking to Dave Johnson and you love a clock hour. Yes. Good. Dave Johnson, the world's premiere race car is the call on the Kentucky Derby for 185 years. He'll be calling in and we'll have a little bit of a chat and I'll give him my pick. Even though I have paid no attention any of it. I just I really don't care, but it's always good talk to Dave. He's got a good sense of humor. Have to have to work over whatever it all is all parts and ABC. So here's the fact, okay, can we straighten one thing out right up front without wasting too much more time on this? Because one of the things that people really get very upset about it, human nature, I guess, is when you burst the bubble of their preconceived notions, they become very psychotic about that. Now, why anybody would become psychotic about something as ridiculous as a date? I have no idea, but here's a great fact by the way that you try to simplify for some of you, bozos out there. It said I was listening to your show today. I was very amazed by all the people who can't figure out how to count. The people who insist that January 1st 2000 is the start of the new millennium must also have nine fingers. If these people start counting with zero on their first finger, then when they get to their last finger, there will be nine. So to all the people out there who insist on using zero as the starting point when counting, I've posed this question. Do you have nine or ten finger fingers? This is not brain surgery folks. Absolutely correct sir. Well said. Let me try to lay this out for you. And the guy that called yesterday almost had me hooked there for a second because it's so simple that when you start, yeah, when you start doing a verbal cat dance with it, you can get people confused. Let me try to make it very, very simple. The first century AD was the year's 1 through 100. That was the first century. The second century with the years 101 to 200. The third century was 201 to 300. Then we get up to the first millennium. Was the years 1 to 1000. The second millennium was the years 1,000 and 1 to 2000. The next millennium will be 2001 to 3000. Oh, there it's for Neil for laying it right out there for you, Chef Lee. George is the one. I see I know what even thought about this because if that's the most important thing I had to worry about, I would blow my brain, sir. I mean, I just, I would know that I've got too much time on my hand. The only reason I'd occurred to me is, you know, all the ad campaigns and because they're making a new thing. I don't know about this. It's the new, and of course, you don't be knocking a basket. You boys do album calls. Millennium that comes out next week. That's the coincidence. That's right. It's just a nice name. It's got to bring to it. But, I mean, what was wrong with people? And there were people calling yesterday, actually getting a very hostile. And this is like the religion thing. You know, people will argue and they just insist their adamant, this is not something that's the baitable. You can debate the religious bullcraft. Oh, well, I believe, great. Believe whatever you want. But this is not debatable. You know, it's like saying, well, just to really come back to one or is it like three and a half or or whatever, there's nothing to debate here. It's very simple. The next Millennium begins in the year 2001, not the year 2000. Now, we're not going to say that we're going to try to pee out everybody's parade because you know, you can't stop progress. They've already got all the movies and all the hype. I mean, you know, there's this big gigantic roar of steam roll that's on its way. And nobody's going to stop it. All we're just trying to do is point out very matter matter. Factly, whatever we can at the some things are bullcraft. And this is one of them. I mean, if you get any call, I'm going to seriously, I want you to, I want you to break this. What, you already had a call. I don't know. As whole saying that we're raw, you had two calls. No, no, no, they're on. We have calls on the board. We have calls from people who want to debate this point. Who want to tell us that the next Millennium starts January 1st 2000. I don't even know that only asshole, I said, it's a circle. Even this gentleman who walked in the door, I don't even have any, I mean, who is, he knows what car was called. The car was. No thanks. No thanks. But even he knows the next Millennium starts January 1st 2001, right? Right. She's not as hit. He just walked in the middle of the conversation, wanted to watch my car. And I said, no, and don't put no air freshener around it either. I thought it was only Puerto Ricans that were in the air freshener in cars, by the way. You want the lilac center, you want the opion tree. That's just that crown, hang it from the above, you mirror right next to your plastic Jesus and your Puerto Ricans flag. I'm going to say after 10 at 5. 50 WQA. I need some of the handclappers. You don't need these condoms, you can't need it. Just a damn, you don't need to say I love you all here. It's 50 dollars, man. You don't need a screen for dinner or where all that takes the stuff or all you need is to set a finger's hand or whack a form of. The world's every part is doing it all across the land, after peaters of America, a dubious of the hand. That's broken, organic. It's easy and it's fun. You don't know how to do with as your parents outdone. You don't need a space of life, and you don't need a space of skill, but some zip and zip the grip between your hips and get it through. Because if you're repired as doing it, and boy does feel great and has the feeling of America a dubious of the hand. Work work. You can do it in the bathroom, you can do it in your bed, you can do it at a concert while you watch the great buildings. You can listen to music, you get so good when you go on a horse and then you go down the Michael Jackson jacket off. You're at a tube with solving your rise and with a band that has the beaters of America to give yourselves a hand. Oh, right. 15 to 560, WPM Kimberbow Kapper for Hank to a clock this afternoon, Hank's up there to follow them off for the e-pricnists for a couple of weeks and why not. And then we got talking baseball with Donnie. Who is that? Oh, with Donnie B, but they got to see that all ran together. They're not a good job on a schedule this morning by the way, bluff. I would mention that. Did you look at the new desk yet by the way? No. I just mentioned that every day. See, it says talking baseball with Donnie Kim. I guess it means Kim Walden's doing the updates, but it's like all written together there and I thought, what the hell is that? Pretty sloppy job there on the schedule. Since that really can be between the nephew and our program director. I mean, it's been at least, I'd say 90% of the time they're in a building, making up these schedules. And then if there's like a change they come racing in here like, oh my God. And then we got to the Amarlins at the Milwaukee Brewers, a team they've never beaten by the guy. Just to make it a little bit more exciting. I got to say this. Oh, by the way, Tom Jika, he's finally right in Article of Authorities. Not really a good article, even though he just falls over me and Howard. Thanks, Tom. Although you are, he's probably stupid. I mean, I mean, I, you know, something anytime I'm going to be photographed, if there's ever going to be a photo of me anywhere in any publication, I'm going to insist that a picture of Howard will be right next to me because God, it makes me look a lot better. And that is a good picture. Where the hell do they get that picture of me? Huh? WEDR, radio is number one, Rogers and Stern top shows and Jika finally only two weeks of the day after the ratings finally came out. He got around to it. And I'd go on air, Tom. You're really, uh, right on top of it. Oh, but anyway, getting back to this other business, you're having people continuing to argue with you about this? They're on hold now. I know, I see we got all these calls, which if I'm talking about something important, I never get any calls. But this, no, this certainly, this is a simple, like the guy said, it was a great fact, counting your fingers. You don't start by saying, you get to the thumb. Okay, zero, want, no, no, no, zero. Okay, no, zero, no. Okay. Please, we don't start counting. Like if you just had marbles, okay. If you had six marbles on the floor in front of you, where in many of you probably do, back to where you probably lost some of them already. But if you started out with six, and you tried to count them, you wouldn't pick up the first one to say, okay, zero, want, no, no. Okay, stop with the zero. So many of you people involved with the zero. For example, the date of that first year AD wasn't like March 10, zero. There was no such year. You know, you can't have a March 10, zero. You know, the eyes of March, the year zero. And there was no year zero, okay. There was zero, but not zero. Oh, these people. Here's a mobile and big pine key, hello. Oh, look at that. We got a phone problem again here. I think I like that. Okay, here we go. It's WDQ and we got every line at a board, let up and we can't put them on here. So we're going to have to like reload the whole system again. Oh, is this getting over what? Is this getting freaking pondered? I say the effort on here. I can't believe this. I'm in such a good mood this morning. I feel so great. Everything's coming up roses. Yeah. And here we are. Two a and again, where every God. Here we go. Here's the noise is again. Yeah. Okay. Stand by. Yeah. QA. I'm recycling. I've got everybody off the phone. Okay. You can call back in now. And maybe it'll work. Here, let me pick up one call. QA. Hello. There. There. I know it's me. I picked it up. Cool. It's working. Although it's 20% of the end of the year. It's 20% of the end of this year. Right. It's the start of next year. No. The second millennium. And December 31st 2000. Yeah. The first 2001 is the beginning of the new millennium. Uh-huh. And you are. That's why I just said. Right. So those who were good at numbers great. And but but I mean, I mean, I mean, they're going to say that's the 21st century starts with your 2000, but it really doesn't. Right. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. That's what we just said. Well, there's a guy that can actually count. God bless you. Sir. Thank you. Five six seven. This is getting really old. I said, yeah, they don't give a crap anymore, but at least technically, you know, you, you bow those in his place. Why can't we get a phone system in here that works every day, or at least like 90% of the time. We finally get something that these people are whipped up about it as embarrassing as that is by the way, but we find it gets a metrics here on his goddamn show. And then you can't put a guy in call on the year because we're working with his piece of crap getting her phone system at radio shack for like 50 bucks. You can buy a better radio system in the phone system in this piece of crap. In fact, that pirate station that they're raving about in new times, they probably got better equipment than we've got. In fact, that goes without saying. Talk about, you know, see, like I said, they don't know, but he cares. There's no embarrassing factor because they don't care about these things. These aren't the things they're concerned about. Just funnel that money through here. Just keep shoveling it through here along with the, you know, they win two shovels. One for the money and one for the, yeah. And then they're happy. That's all they care about. Just keep shoveling it. Like worth. Hello. Nigga. No. Yes sir. Hey, you need to much payment to do for me here. Yeah. Yeah. And then lift them. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Maybe it was an active guide. You know, it maybe it was an active. Yeah. We had to cut a lot of these people off because that guy. Oh, and by the way, that guy that called yesterday, who's a chronic caller by the chronic regular right wingary, not full of me sir. With your phony, your rumor like last, you know, which he left out yesterday. But when it thinks I'm so stupid and he's so smart, well, guess what? The public fear or over the gun control laws. All of a sudden, the right wingers in the center yesterday had a change of fart. Isn't that amazing? Oh, yeah. Well, you know what? Guess what? Maybe better put some more teeth in these laws. And it's not such a good idea. Let people run around buying guns at gun shows without any background check, it's had a been so on and meet, leave it like voluntary. All these gun hunters out there, man. Let me say it again. Any of us who have visited a place where they're civilized and people aren't blown each other's brains out. You don't have to look over your shoulder to see what lunatic has got to gun. Those places are places where you can live. But this guy, he loves it that way because he's in love with his peace. And those of his ilk. Here's a mobile info at Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. All right. I'm going to clear this the number thing up, right? Okay. You straighten it out for us. Here's a deal. You're confusing time and number. No, no, no. No. Well, here's the point. During the first year, okay, during that whole year, I can call that year one. Yes. Until the moment it becomes January 1st, 1201, that's the beginning of year two. So you are right. And when saying when the zero year is really zero one, which is what you're saying, Sir, stop. There is no zero year. Sir, there is no zero year. Sir, where you just forget the big. If you can, there is no zero when you're talking about time. There's no zero. Well, that's true. During the whole first year, you can call that year one. That's what I mean, I can call that year one. It's already packed. I've never had the news here. Yes, what? It's already gone. But you can get the end of the year, though. What's the complete year one at the end of the year? During the whole year. And then year two. What? That's Jack. What are you going to do? So let me ask you this. Is this a bulletin that you're telling me or what? Okay. Good luck you. Woo. Wow. I'm going to tell you something. Let's look up the award in the dictionary right now. Okay. Profound. Because if ever I had to call, all it calls I've had the 70, 20, 20, 20, 20. I mean, these are some of the most profound. Like I said, taking something first of all, that nobody with a brain would spend any time worrying about him. What the hell difference does it make? What you call it? You know, they're doing it because it's a Height thing. It's like anything else. Something can make some money off of it. With up some entries. You're making some movies. Whatever. But people are, this is we finally found a stroke. A runner of their concern about the big, but probably most of them haven't had one in six months, at least. So the year zero is a call. You can call it the year one. Okay. Here's my middle finger. Okay. You can call it your friend if you like. Okay. Sir, you can call it your best buddy. And I'll just keep it up there any year. And you can keep looking at it. There's a message in there somewhere. Yes. I mean, I'm listening to adults talking like, Lim-lim-lim-lim-lim, like that. You know, I'll call after call or go and, like that. Over what year. And you wonder why we have people who are like, uh, while with these wild-eyed superstitious religious bullcrap. And, oh, you know, changing the counter. So it must be the end of times that Armageddon is coming in. Oh, I mean, you're changing the counter. The sun is up there. The world spins around. I almost said the sun goes up and the sun goes down. Maybe you're sun. But I mean, no, no, seriously. I mean, you know, daylight, nighttime. They could have measured time anyway. They wanted to. A day could have been like two to our times with the sun. It could have been anything they wanted. It was just a convenient way to measure a day. And as a result, they measured the counters based on his whole thing. Okay, but that could have a little bit too complicated. When we start talking about the sun traveling around this, yeah, the sun traveling around the earth. There you go. Doesn't the sun travel around the earth? Oh, that's what I thought. Well, we withdraw the apology by the way. Okay. The church just went through the apology. That F and Galileo, that piece of crap. Probably a commie think, oh, a bag. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Miami Beach. Yeah, I think I can explain some of the confusion. Okay, here we go. All right, I'm a little near this 1000 years. It doesn't. According to Webster, it's just a period of 1000 years. It doesn't say when it starts when it ends. It's just a 1000 years. I understand that. So the first millennium was the year's one through a thousand. That's correct. Now, as far as, you know, why 2001 would be to start the millennium. Yes. What was the first year of the 90s? The decade called the 90s. What was the first year? Yeah, the decade we called the 90s. That's not the same. Were you talking about what was the first year of the decade as opposed to, well, it's gotten the one to take anything to do with the other. Well, they, all right, well, let's talk about the first decade. And what was the year of the first decade? What was the year of the first year of the first decade? One. Okay. Well, then why is it 1990 now instead of 1991? Did we lose a year somewhere along the way? It's just, you know, we didn't lose a year. People just started referring to it in that way. You know, but if you want to look at it accurately and literally, then the 1901 was the first year of the 20th century. And that's, that's for real. I mean, we do, this is this is tradition. This isn't accurate. It's just tradition. Another thing that's causing a lot of... Not in tradition. Confusion is there's 44 years of a loss somewhere because I'm a little bit more. I'm not sure if you can get a loss somewhere because someone couldn't, couldn't add. And the calendar didn't start at year zero. You won't find an old coin somewhere with a year one on it. The AD came up years and years after supposedly started. But that's how we measured time now. It doesn't make any difference to other. There was no year zero. Well, was there? You just got to say there wasn't. All right. The first year you were in Miami. You've been on the year six months in Miami. Sir, don't start trying to confuse. Okay. We're talking about the calendar. Based on Neil God. Yeah. Okay. How long have you been on the year when you've been on the year? You're Miami. I've been on the year. Based on these conversations today. Not too long. Wait about 23 years. Well, with six months you hadn't been on a year yet. So which year was that that you were on? Okay. 27 after 10 and 560 WQAM. It works in the ocean in the basket. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No matter how hard it's right. Can't you throw the day together to power with you? Maybe. She will touch her pain. Oh, Shastudee. I'm grieving. It's too hard and leaving. Because it's really not just fun. You did it guys really hard. Oh. I'd just wish you'd let me end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You must be something wrong that she's gay! I really don't know where I went wrong now. You've got least you'd let me end, and see her again. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe she hurts I need to think I've triggered. That would do a 12, 12, 30 already. 10, 33 is 560 WQA. Yeah. Here's a facts. I need these people are just adamant you know they just will not let go of the big uh this one will go of it. It says you are wrong zero to one is the first year. You know every time I've been in Rome I'm always fascinated by the buildings run the side it says uh ono zero zero there there is no such thing. Like on a color scene which is ono v i i in the year seven okay they knew their numbers back then and yes it's all man made but that's the way the calendar works boys and girls I hate to break the news here that's the real world we can go by the Jewish calendar that really get everybody outside comic but let's just save that for next circus or something. In fact some of you I think belonging to circus because this is just unbelievable the year zero to one there was let me say it again there was no February 21st zero there would be no such thing the first year as we invented the calendar uh couldn't have been the year zero because there's no such thing it didn't exist and this guy who started about the decade of the 90s okay I think he's thinking about the G90s is what he's thinking about you're confusing all these different things all this terminology and mixing and matching decades with all the millennia with what all this other stuff all of these good and then of course anything that's in the 90s had a beginning with the nine that doesn't take a rocket science this is figure out okay the decade of the 90s what does that got to do with the calendar one two a thousand first millennium one thousand one to two thousand second millennium two thousand one to whenever it ends third millennium even Zagarin Evans knew that when they made that song in a year twenty five twenty five and that was like twenty years ago even a new that I think but these people are obsessed with zero just try maybe we can get a lot of group the lobotomy right and we move the number zero from your mind when it comes to dates there is no year zero there are years there are oh oh oh oh there are maybe there ought to be I know I know they're adamant don't don't confuse them with the fact that this is just like the religion they have with that poll we did yesterday don't confuse them with the facts here's a mobile and must Palm Beach hello I know yes sir yes sir you are absolutely correct sir oh thank god here's somebody that's in count it's got the nine fingers in and one more okay now this guy that comes you before and those you that you were on the radio for six months of course you haven't been there a year you've been there six months yeah but I mean when a child born it what is he not here now that he and a very very responded to his question I could have said like twenty three and a half years that that would be the way I would respond to the half year being the six months no but when I went to child's born he's not one years old he's six months and that's when the calendar started and so called zero it's not zero it was six months the first 12 months then it's year one you know which I was born in January first he's not one until he's a year old yeah what is that up to do with the price of a hollow ball no nothing at all nothing but no nothing but yeah year one year one was year one you know I thought I did sit to magnet I was so proud of myself about four minutes after ten I spent about thirty seconds laying this all out for the audience I thought okay that'll be the end of that and now we I mean it it's not important it makes no difference to me if it'll make some of these people happy I'm wrong in there right just like I said God the try we win their game last night I was wrong they got cloudboard ran for good and stuff a watermelon I mean you know I'm a lot of times I'm wrong this is not a debatable point this is now this is like arguing whether like you know Todd's wreck is a human being or not there's nothing to debate the answer's obvious yes I just wanted to be the first father to say that you are absolutely correct and God bless you sir and begin height two okay well he said I was absolutely correct but he sure all the other stuff about the baby he's your in the baby with the bad water whatever the hell I was for just to despise it up a little bit because it is a terminal conversation but the audience loves it they're on the look at this they're obsessed with it you're wrong and we're right you're wrong you said about big okay we're wrong God am I glad that I brought this thing up just forget the big oh get it there is no year zero period what year were you born I was born on the June 23rd zero oh yeah what is that me yeah here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir yes hi okay I'm a huge fan of yours first of all and I think you're wrong about position huh how do you know well this is you I like the way you say it's an issue okay all right when we get out of the issue after 23 years we found an issue that South Florida's whipped up about I am it's the first time that I call good next one you got really wrapped up great anyways when we get to the year 2000 yeah okay we have completed 2000 years at the end of the year 2000 right no no because yes because the first sir sir listen if you had 2000 apples right the first and you started counting them the first apple would be one and the last one would be 2000 then if you had somebody give you another thousand apples the the first one would be 2001 that would be your third thousand apples right but the point is that on the first day of the year 2000 you've started already the year 2001 so you're in the 21st century and away January 1st 2000 is going to be really January 1st 2001 no but you're in the year 2001 so it counts as the 21st century if we're near 2001 how come we're calling it the year 2000 anyways have a great day all right buddy take care oh oh my hand makes float I tell you well while we're arguing about this how about putting something good in your mouth huh no not that I'm talking about a great stogi from our friends at Nixigar's Friday you wear skewer you keep in touch you know watching mom and dad keep in touch oh I'm not funny ever had mommy and dad we're playing tags my pair on the bed mommy and tell boobies at the airport daddy's head mommy's head was bobbin geomos got whipped lash I don't know what she was drink it but you've got a note must touch this is through the yellow and show what I see what I showed you I didn't want to take the on TV mommy and dad were hooked together what my drinking wand what a fine life thought something like that mom was yellow after course dad was breathing heavy mom was on her knees you have to have a boobboo because she's just an wealthy piece he's been told to keep all watching mom and dad taking turns he'll the most on the ever had probably watch a little longer a nice start if you get sick if daddy's name is Helbert one mom asked for gift daddy's grounded his eyes both at mommy what did more she's one back on top of him but all he's been was yours and don't forget add agency people are asshole 1045 at 560 wqm this is fantastic can I can I try it now but or not one more time no seriously the year one forget about all the other the religion and the this what we're talking about the calendar as man invented just like religion as man invented let's go get back to the calendar the year one the very first year January 1st year one okay December 31st with the end of year one alright i was following that that was the first year that was one uno un adine okay if you got it one January 1st year 2 was year 2 alright yeah we could kill between now into a clock i could go on in fact this would prove it be out of shadow but that we just don't have the time we wouldn't get this spot in i could go all the way through January 1 through December 31 year one that was the first year so when we've completed the year 2000 that will be 2000 years of re recorded it laps time AD that heavy laps okay you got that 2000 years then when we start with 2001 that will be the beginning of the third thousand years of man's recorded existence AD adpets domino something like sesame street yeah exactly now yeah right but you left off the problem with you man you left off the day go these people are obsessed with zero maybe because they live here maybe that's what their lives are all of them out of my one up to is a big deal because you live in south Florida don't take it personally just because you live here that doesn't make you a big leave the zero out there was no year zero got it year one then there was year two i'm gonna go all the way through to 2000 okay just to convince you man man oh man oh man a shivets and you wonder why people kill each other over a parking space to see that thing that happened at that motel the other day guy got beaten to a bloody pulp with a baseball bat over a parking spot he pulled in for a couple of seconds or course sometimes if they don't have a baseball bat tandy to have a that's the American way yeah that's usually more that's quicker and more final but then of course the guy can't back out of the parking spot you have to do a forum so you wonder why people arguing get all with stuff over things that are so patty obvious to anybody with even a tiny little brain even if you have a tiny little penis like i do you know that this is the way it is and i understand that the whole human race is going along oh yeah the millennium right it's a hija i'm great that's like Ricky Martin can sing right does it mean does anybody believe that huh course not but that's the uh that's the hype of the month so let's go off the aliades great and he sure likes the ladies too here's a lady in Miami hello you're brilliant all wait oh yeah it really takes a genius to figure this out no but uh i'm i'm gonna have to differ with you because all of those uh other brilliant Polish and German mathematicians the last century had this problem that they were dealing with and it was a continuum this time is a continuum and they had one year lagging on one year ahead that's why when you're ahead of what well that's why the 1800s it's called a 19th century in the 1900s it's called no no no that is no that is not why let me say it again the years one to a hundred that was the first century when we get to one oh one to two hundred that's the second century so when it was the year hundred and fifty for example the number was I had the century numbers that it's like on a move with a lagging time but the calendar is set up the saturday calendar set up where it's a year ahead of time because no it's not a year ahead of time it just takes a new fact that I want to go out of the first one is a hundred years kind of into what I mean uh a year ahead of time it's got to do with the fact that there's no year zero but there's the first day of the year which is a continuum which is a time as a continuum starting at one starting at one not starting at zero starting at one are you are you are am I wrong about that was there a year zero they called year zero one they called year one one that how can there be a year zero stop and think about it how can there be a year zero well that's why they didn't call it zero they called it one but you actually you keep showing zero zero in this there was no zero and there was no zero well there was no such thing before the count how big zero okay then let me put it this way if you keep it with your stop drawing the zero and okay then before there was recorded time there was just time correct under two thousands of years that's like asking me if a bear you know in the woods will somebody step in it you know I mean know what you know obviously there was there was the human rights existed before there was recorded time correct of course hundreds of thousands of years before the end of the eye and there was no calendar right and then when they ended up the calendar they called it year one right but at the end of the first day of year zero because it had to begin with the first day okay that's all I have to say wait wait wait didn't I ask you just a minute ago was there a year zero and you said no did I ask you that question was there ever a year zero and you said of course not and now all of a sudden I did not give up the zero did not do that and you said okay you said okay now you're back to the zero again there was no year zero as Julia C's there else I yes there was no year zero please trust me all right okay okay fine I must sit on a floor for half hour and miss a metmetic I'm serious I've got a mastocate right now I mean I just I can't I can't deal with this no that's even rod sirling wouldn't be able to believe this he couldn't the Ripley would be non-plus we went through the whole conversation at the end she all of a sudden she whips it back in there again the year zero makes it come back that's the problem of the world is the big okay and maybe some of us aren't getting enough like that thing says but the big there is no year zero how could there be a year zero I mean they're could have been I mean if they decided that was the way they were but they didn't they didn't they couldn't they could have said the first year was the year 77 just for the hell of it maybe they liked the number but they didn't they said one oh it's the beginning it's the first year let's call it the year one wow what a concept I mean is this something that's really is it all that there's a golf course is it all that mind boggling let okay let here you go take off your socks everybody you're not a dad and I'm actually wearing socks okay okay we'll start with the fingers assuming that those of you out there don't have any deformities start with your thumb on your left hand okay zero oh god here's North Miami hello Neil yes sir I've never heard so many dumb people on all my days I mean I thought I was making a little progress with all my friends she brings the zero back out of less feel out of nowhere I thought the zero was out of our lives and she whips it right back in her again is it not simple enough to say that 20th century is the 20th set of 100 years 1901 through the end of 2000 is that's another 100 years yeah I'm a black man they call us dumb Jesus you know I mean we're trying to make you feel better about it is that what it is trying to look yeah I just want to tell you I didn't hear you're only the week did you hear about Elgo seen on with Johnny Carcran did we hear about it yeah too much okay you did you're about to do my publicity for real I'm telling you he's a great guy and we like using his apartment and Amsterdam but too much or a little there's another publicity on anything I wanted to know if you hear him all the time so look for Luke you yesterday no you're in his update after you went out about the lotion in the apartment I heard that yeah okay well he's a great guy he's our kind of guy okay okay see here he's our kind of guy good Jewish boy Ken Maldon his real name is what's worth this is just even even the schwarters understand this how do you like that all of you dumb white people out there man I'm serious my what used to be my brain is now there's just a vacuum there I used to have like maybe not a big one or brain either but now it's just it's just a gun into a resting position may never may never make a recovery after listening to these convolut I mean first of all what difference does it make why is it too important other than like I said it's all you're fault by the way uh I know you're as usual as usual trouble making little spik just stating the obvious which people don't want to hear the obvious this isn't something I ever we didn't even thought about if you wouldn't have mentioned it and look at all the he got already killed an hour nice gone George mobile implantation hello hey Neil how you doing okay I think it's amazing you can put up with these people I gotta tell you the brother who's just called is exactly right I'm gonna try to do the most simple thing that I way I can do it simple and the operative where we need simple I believe yeah it's now I understand why you get the calls you do let's imagine when I I should take a time to calendar based on the birth of Christ and so tonight at midnight we decide to start all over new calendar okay at zero and yeah here I will still use January said where I just for convenience but okay so at five minutes after midnight it will be January one right here one it would be five minutes after midnight on January one to year one you start with a year zero one that that seems to be the most obvious premise of any discussions that you can't start you nobody starts counting anything with zero of course when we say it but it's you say it's the year one what we're really saying is we're working on the first year of right the first year recorded time as we decided to make it up right that's right we haven't had to be one right it's the same we haven't finished the year 1990 and after the year and after the finish 2000 years of those one years you have two millennia and then 2000 one is the first year of the next millennium you will have a set of 2000 years at I mean yeah you know what this is like this is like this is like this is like trying to pedal a multiple suit to Jews you I mean there's no there should be a piece of cake should be no problem people can continue I think over the Chibbe it is there should be like trying to convince the Greeks that Bocleva is tasty I mean there should be no problem here people can confuse the guy who brought up to 90s got confused by the way numbers are used as name well see that if you want to bring in all these different discussions that have nothing to do with this exactly if you looking at it as counting to count 2000 years you have to have the end of the year 2000 which means January 1 2001 we're exactly right okay God bless you I think there be on health I think I'll be on your zero okay there you go I mean it's guy you know he's getting exasperated because the tenets pretty obvious it's pretty easy the only way they can screw this up is if you keep bringing that big zero back again I'm telling you forget about zero forget about there is no year zero there is no year oh spend an hour of my life for this morning arguing with a bunch of supposedly in tell Island adults leave the intelligence part not with a bunch of adults over the age of old enough to do it arguing about something that the note would be like they would be like arguing are we on the year you know are is this station on the year now and that's more debatable in about what we're talking about today 10 57 at 5 60 WQAM do yourself a big favor okay 11 at 5 60 QM finally we got somebody on the photo can help solve this problem this is the most unbelievable most frustrating conversation I've ever had in the history of my meaningless life hello you probably left I'm here okay see you know I'm talking about yet no I don't know that's good well I've just been an hour debating this audience about when the third millennium starts okay try to explain to him that there was no year zero and the first millennium was the year's one through a thousand okay let the second millennium began with your one thousand in one so what's the difficult about that it's like pick it away the pre-gnaz they Johnson here the average caller was the call in a race is on ABC television for 300 years since before they invented it you know I've been calling them so long is it when I first started calling the numbers on the saddle clause where enrollment numerals yeah VI that's right and how about that dig uh if I get you know something this is a great time when they go to the post tomorrow for the forgiveness yes there will be no horse with the number is zero that's right and that's because of the millennium problem right right that's right all of two but we don't have a horse name millennium tomorrow man would they plunge their brains on that that's better that'd be great I love people it betnane yeah and you know something that usually cash too but you you heard the Georgian I had a conversation before you were on vacation and I was working at the yeah yeah yeah I did and and and we decided it was going to be either charismatic or worldly manner because we picked courses names out of that 19 horse field that said you and George picked worldly manner instead of charismatic and his nose so there you go and I figured he was me at least 20 across on charismatic what he said to me yeah I was think so but at any right all I have to stand or fall on my own here and I'll give us the update because silver bullet is out right silver bullet day is out right she could one from the parking lot Neil this this she's the best three year old in the country and I'm sorry that they decided not to run what about Zickarollov I certainly didn't you're gonna scratch Victor tomorrow morning which still leaves 12 of them yeah that's pretty good but that's better than 18 or 19 that's what he'll do in the derby you know I never actually got to see the race I was an Amsterdam have a great time is that where you yes I was why you guys were a posky man I would have contacted derby and of course I could lie to you and say why you know I'm really sure I wasn't here but I'm not but you know and to see a race with 19 horses it's just too many I keep reading about all the traffic problems which is why I know I'm always going against the uh I'll launch it but I'm gonna pick excellent meeting even with a fillet even though it's you know I got a head she's got a hell of a shot and I don't like the derby winner cares man not a more benefit tomorrow really well I don't like either one that's just your pet day bias again showing through no no no no no no you know why it it's just this horse both of these horses have run huge races in their last two or three starts and I don't think these are not machines they can't keep putting those bullets together you've got to go for a horse it you know that maybe had a at an easier trip last time or didn't have to extend himself so you know I I think you're you're on the right track and Kira's magic and like I said I never even wound up seeing the tape of the race when I got back but from everything I read he just benefited from all the traffic problems and everybody else is a bad trip he stayed out of trouble right yeah see the reason I'm picking asshole and meeting with Ken DeSourmo is I want to see Bob Bafford on TV again to Marseille bull crap on your national TV that's why I'm really hoping you know what I further by him I'm hoping he gets on it says maybe he's something more exciting than that he might he might he he's a I think he's a brother for a share though in our business yeah I had a heck of a horse man I got with some real personality yeah and this horse that he's gonna run the fili excellent meeting I mean I think she's as good as anything in the field I'm just going for a little more price I'm gonna take even got even kind of one hello who's the home I'm almost thanks you're always out there on a limb and then and then and everybody in the Saudi so because you do this every year then when you go on a year to run ABC you'll pick I will not you want you're gonna stick with this one gonna stick with this one I have to go run and I who's gonna be writing Steven that even Gary Steven he was gonna write silver bullet day and when when that didn't happen because he don't took him on for you that's right because my dad and Jerry Steven the course is hottest at pistol he wins the big ones he won last week with real quiet who won the pre-kness the year before but this is this is a very good jock you know very good horse so in a 10 to one I like that better than two to one well you think actually I mean he's gonna be two to one no I think the probably a men of fee will be two to a half to one about seven to two maybe three to one yeah probably you know with only 12 horses though that that'll loathless of them probably half a point that's anyway next one maybe nine to two that's a pretty good price I like nine to two that's not way what about a couple other long shots how about badge and a dinosaur we make a four horse box badge Donna Steven got even an excellent meeting a dinosaur Georgie Savis yes and this horse this horse came out at number one post position in the Derby banged up against the rail yeah it ricochet off the rail and and and into the horse next room it was a terrible race for him so he lost all chance how did you enjoy calling by the way with nineteen her I know you've done plenty of races with that many horse did the nightmare yeah he don't now it wasn't a lot easier going back to the days when you would do harness racing at the metal lands yeah they got it all right all the time they get in a line and then the drivers were the same colors in every race it doesn't seem to have the same flare though I got to tell you a great story you know speaking about the drivers were the same colors new days now I don't know about you because I years ago I called some harness racing at county fairs of Michigan and it's real easy to cheat and just you know do the memory by the drivers colors so you know you know who it is because they were the same colors everywhere giving away all of our secrets but at any rate Jackie Lee once called a race at the metals in Pittsburgh and it would they were having this thing where they had the drivers championships and it was from track to track free hold and metals and wherever and the drivers instead of wearing their usual colors they wore all the same colors they all wore yes and I had somewhere I had that on tape okay and Jackie Lee I'm going to tell you first of all the metals you know as a 5-8 mile track and Jackie for years did Roosevelt and for your old half mile tracks they went to the half mile pool six times in this race and Jackie Mo had the lead 17 different times and then coming into the stretch from far behind here comes Jackie Mo on the outside of the win the race he could poor Jackie called Jackie Mo I don't know how many different times and I'm right because they were all wearing the same colors you can't do that yeah yeah I don't remember people baseball game I couldn't recall a baseball game or football game they all were the same color yeah that's a good point well it's great here in your voice and you sound uh... which are the never welcome back to the united state yeah sure it's easy for you to say well i'm really sorry i want you to believe this will all you heard i'm really sorry that i was over there having a great time and i'm still in a cologne Germany why do you wearing your under the ruby but well one of those some of us have to stay and work there you go but you're still a good job picking for you and he picked prime timber who who finished fourth my horse vicar finished eight teeth so whatever the best where i you know i got to pay well if you run into hank yet up there yeah we had do we've had a lot of last so far and uh... we worked together on the on the draw on Wednesday night and uh... and you notice he's i was lost a person since you saw him last he is what a great guy here yeah and just a terrific human being but a good bookbroadcaster and a great horse player we need a lot of really have a lot of fun and he had a lot of more live another year and that's a lot of way great okay thanks day eight you know they care and uh... and we'll talk to you before the bell one hundred across and excellent meeting you got okay thanks by side okay there's dav johnson will be calling a previous and a bc tomorrow and what do i know i just i like him to ceremonia like to fact i'm reading every time i'm here for says you got traffic problems blocked whatever else that's the horse i like and of course they usually lose all thank god we got a little bit of diversion and i want to come on for the post parade by the way be sure and watch very carefully for horse number uh... what are these people talking about what are they saying can this part this is got to be like uh... how can the camera think candid radio got to be Allen thought rhymes with blunt he's got to be around summer behind this he's got to have his uh... fingering here ten minutes after eleven and five sixty w q md or another class hundred o level i Hey I'm your both bitch. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim. Hey, Well, you. Hi kids. The all light could little sinkers. Huh huh huh huh. That little sound that comes right out your sinkers. What's your opinion? Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for writing little songs about boo boo. My brains all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spy it's going on. I'm gonna fart on. Get doctor Dr. Dreass. Yo, made you pants good. Yeah, I'm no. What was Phil as? Well, since age 12 it seemed like I always smell like a fucking gas isn't just as pretty as well. I got this off when I took my teeth off and fought it so hard into my underwar backwards, like Chris Crock and every night I'm like, oh, dinner dad then torn up my ass, fast into the fat bitch who ain't you fat? smell this honey, you'll do it with a man's bro cause I don't give a fuck, God said to you to stick the world up. My native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native, my native... Oh my egg is sea to water, me kick down back in Jewellier High. I said, the problem was something, provoked up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. But what's happened later when I covered his dead with use toilet paper and talking to this trick's world. My fers will fill that. Moose the ball tennis took a dozen a ticker With over two a dead ahead of fucking a gong She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Not a night sent of my life I would lie to I just found out my mom don't get to that I told her I forgot to be a famous rapper They corrected about strange noise They'd all been crap for You know you was dirt when the women first leave You drive the home to back but you must need to relieve This guy a white cat who said it was pretty cool Gonna have to go grab the kids off and a boo My ein it My andeth My andeth My aneth My andeth My aneth My My andeth My andeth My andeth My ups Feld17 corrosive udw tm north harbour inimasu stations for the 29th century So let's get this straight. Okay, so we start with the year 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 there's 10 okay 0 2 9 there's the first decade Are you following that 0 2 9 it would not for all the zero people And how do you write it? How many years are there in a decade 10, but the first one is zero the last one is nine And how do you write a zero in Roman numerals there isn't any But Okay 5 6 7 5 60 5 5 60 on the AT&T while it's line all these buildings in Rome if you want to go over there You'll see all this is on 0 0 everybody look on oh Here's a bokeh hello Yes, sir. I think I got this salt here. Okay, but it's a How many years of actually past? How many years have passed? Yeah, I mean the coming years of past 1999 and whatever how many of our fraction of it? Well 99 years of past the world working on the year 2000 right? A bigger part of 1998 years of past plus part of this one yes Years of actually tough yeah Why do we have to complicate that when we get to the point of January 1st 2000 how many years will have passed? 2000 okay no 1,999 years like I said 2001 how many years will have passed do you know you're gonna complicate it right? Yeah, when we were hit 2001 Let me say it again fingers and toes one two three four mark these down, okay How many bottles of beer on a wall mark them down in In units of units of five or ten whatever's convenient for you. I mean why is this difficult? 1 through a thousand that's a thousand years 1,000 through 2000 that's the next thousand years 2000 what 1000 one That's what I said one thousand one that's what I said one thousand one through 2000 is the second I've already been through this I said this an hour and 15 minutes ago Only I wasn't so confused back then because it was very clear and very common very obvious to me Now I think I'm losing my mind Bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa bappa We're just talking about counting freaking numbers here is all we're talking about This guy's asking me will how many years have passed how many pass this pass yes God Anything that starts with one you're infant your your guppies in a your Girl fish in the pool out there they know how many years have passed okay Oh, no, and that that will move with the zero. She I'm serious. She I'd like I'd like to I'd like to perform the lobotomy myself with the very rusty old scalpel I'd like to have a little work on her or her brain used to be 560 560 560 on a 18 T wireless line Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir you were just come confused now and it's not just as simple as 1 2 3 because we're talking in fractions not in No, we're not talking in fractions. We're talking at the end of a complete year. We're not talking about fractions We're talking what happens at the end of the year 2,000 I agree with you, but let me tell you When people people that want to confuse the matter and muddy the waters those are the ones that want to keep talking about fractions We're not talking fractions Let me tell you where the confusion exists if you start I agree with you start in the year one now now That's a good year point you don't complete one year until the end of the first 365 days of year one if the armageddon came at 180 days of year one how many years that you have? Okay, 560 50 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line here. He is with the armageddon. Okay very following this Here's a will manager. Hello Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Two simple questions if there is a year zero is there a year double zero? Yes, and also they're most green by the way. There you go. These people that celebrate the millennium on 2000 Are they gonna celebrate on January 1st or January zero January. Oh, thank you. Have a nice day Yeah, that's good. I was born a January all of a year old. So you must be a big zero I think that's what we got a lot of people in the audience who are big zeroes. Maybe they can relate to it We just can't it's just not an evocabular 567 0 560 Are you following me 567 560 and Pana 560 on the 18 T wireless line So what are we getting back to Tom jick is piece here in the paper which eventually I will soon relate her. What's we get this all straightened out? Good picture of what's his name? Bill good Howard looks like Howard like I said I sure like being a photograph right next to him all the time He's got all the money and I look at look how great I look not not you know generally speaking, but next to him. I look fantastic And Tom goes on about the pounding beat of WEDR still number one in sunflower radio But when it comes to personality driven programming Neil Rogers Bill good Howard Stern remain unbeatable and he goes on about EDR to this and radio Mumbi did that and WR audio a lot of months here and power 96 and but I beat but it will but kiss and hot and the love and 8 million FM stations Many says among stations with specialty format sports dominated QAM finished in the type or 13th and all news I OD type for 20th of course he doesn't say what demographic he's talking about I assume 12 plus which is meaningless Then he goes on to say proving my point most radio sales are not conducted on the bases of the 12 and over demographic The 25 to 54 audiences one of the most ever least shot by sponsors and it is here that Rogers and Stern rule Among the entire audience Rogers telling the two-pean program runs third in this time period Boba bank goes on about this and providing a great lead in the hangover was program has the station second highest ratings Actually Rogers audiences even more finally targeted men 25 to 54 and this demographic in the day He's a runaway number one and then Howard does this and does that number one with English speaking audience number one among English speakers and people 2554 and I hadn't shoulders among men in the spirit set of insulin Then he goes on to say Stern has said the cost of a BGG about a half million dollars a year a previously on her to figure for a syndicated program Many of which are available virtually for free Rogers is even more pricey His contract with WQMX did possible with ratings bonuses for him to become the only million dollar man in South Florida video The dry power of both superstar shows that in radio as in life you get what you pay for Thank you Tom nice stock job excellent Is there anything in here about the INZ by the way see there's nothing about INZ and two stupid talk because if Just like I predicted I told you so I know my customer here if you would have written about them at all He would have had a write about the Rick and spot and he hates Rick Ryan like poison so we won't do it I think that is the right no to the fact that they did that mean that's a big switch In fact this story behind this story about the fact that they were gonna get canned and the Rick Riley went to beat Bulletin said you got no morning show give us a shot in the mornings and they've goose their numbers way up to the highest They've ever had since they changed the format and what's your name He's dropped the numbers out of sight and he also that cuz he hates the Rick Riley basically So nice going Tom. Thank you for all the nice things in life picture, but you know, it's just continues to be the same 567.0560 pump 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello How do you know? Yes, sir Before I go on my list let me say man's in here in that article and I'm surprised they get stuck in the little incident news Here without such a good structure Anyway, the buttersaw This whole year zero. I like so little suction sir. Yeah, let me do a hey, let's you know about this whole year zero thing Yes, you see we're talking about the The calendar that was created by the psychiatrist Christian and In this calendar the year zero is considered the first and a dominant year the first 80 year the year theoretically sir, is there what no year zero there is no such thing What what what the year zero is well? Why do you keep saying the year zero there is no there is one Because there isn't any because the year zero is the first year a no dominant? No Hey based on what where do you find that worth the documentation for that? Okay 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line what no he was just taking a deep breath I'm you know it's just amazing to me how many ignorant people are out there and they're laughing at us They think we're stupid. Here's the fact it says from our big fan Hover year when a human is born he is not one year old. He begins at zero When a year is completed he turns one that's why people are confused yada yada yada yada Hover year. Well, I hate to break the news to Hover year But all new people are one of money the waters to make this into a big Kind of a little bit so you know what this is like a piston contest you guys are done. We're smart Okay, okay, whatever you say you're smart George and our stupid we believe All right, exactly. Yo Bertigini is worth stupid Comparing apples with oranges like to guy wanted to talk about the year 1990 being the decades of the 90s Apples and oranges. It's got nothing to do with the passage of time based on the calendar that was designated starting with the year one That's what they designated the first year to be They could it that like the guy said from Vegas. They could have designated double zero. Okay Double zero seven But it was year one And as of December 31st year one when that year finished one year had been completed When December 31st at the end of the year 2000 2000 2000 years will have been completed on the calendar We didn't invent the goddamn calendar. It's a glaman vetted. Okay, so don't blame us And here's here's the best one A fact that says you are stupid. Oh, the relation point. Yeah, we're stupid I must be awful stupid. What time's it because that was making a year here? Are you with people about what you're in it kind of year you talking about exactly? We're sitting here laughing at how ignorant you are it said you have no conception of time That's because we got a crappy clock in here by the way All the way do have a good watch on your 10th birthday you are 10 not when you turn 11 Yeah, isn't that what we just said? When they finished the first hundred years they finished the hundred years one two hundred that was hundred years very good When you are 10 years in one day old you're in your 11th year and on your second decade When you turn 11 you've already completed one year of your second decade Let me illustrate how you're thinking is wrong and now we start with the apples the oranges and all the other fruits here we go Military time all all 30 which is 30 minutes into the day at Oh 100 the see the problem is we don't have a military calendar We're talking about measures of time artificially invented by man That's what we're talking about man-invetted a calendar with his artificial uh, you know The idea like February has a 28 days except that every four years it's got whatever it's got you know Man-made artificial bull crap At all 100 now we're in it is in the day you think because there's no hour number that no time is passed right that's right Well, I go to Europe and there are military time. I think that if it's a all 100 no time is passed right Therefore, but it's a two hundred two hours of pass, but you would say no Only one has because you're starting from one not from zero You say I hate to break the news to you, but military time starts at zero the calendar does not Okay, the reading you can't compare fingers and apples the time is because they're units of one Years have components called days and months when you have your first birthday you've ended your first year and not began the year See what I'm saying we're not arguing about how old man is we're talking about an artificially invented calendar period that's all And if the first year was designated as the year one at the end of 2000 of those same years That's the end of two millennia period 2000 years one through 2000 not complicated You don't have to count on your fingers. It says I haven't heard such ignorance since George said the white man killed 170 million Indian they're never oh here there never was 170 million Indians alive in North America ever They're never once I said 52 or never once Not they're never were they're never was well 70 million I'm dumb and stupid yeah, I thought you were dumb and stupid I is you be Wow See here we go we got all these there all smarter than we are this is what this this is what these shows are all about They're the experts were the morons and they sit out there so they can laugh at them Great that's great. I'm glad we're giving you some good laughs It's 1134 in a morning an hour and 34 minutes has passed I haven't ever response like this since the last time we gave away $1000 bills I mean this is unbelievable And they're all adamants they're adamants And it's like it's this is just like these discussions about religion you start out at point a and then all of a sudden There are point xy and z they start bringing all these extraneous things from left field because they can't There's nothing to argue there's nothing to debate There's nothing to debate it's an artificially designated number One makes sense to me especially based on an America system. You wouldn't have a year zero anyway Why don't you have the year zero? How could you have a year zero? And at the end of 365 days in year one and a first year you had completed one year. Yes, that's right You completed year one January first that was the beginning of year two very simple We're not talking about babies and how long they've been alive when their birthday is We're not talking about that. We're talking about a calendar invented by man passage of time passage of 2000 of these units called years At which point the 2000s first one will be the beginning of the third thousand years the third millennium got it you got it. Oh, sure you don't Here's a mobile an aventure hello Oh, nice talking to you. Yeah, they all of a sudden ran like a yeah put their tail between their legs Probably chasing some Indians Here's Carl Springs hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, me'll be okay. All right. I got this out of the encyclopedia here, which should cover everything up. Okay The system was based on the dating system. It was based on the year Christ was born So it's something happened in AD 500 that means it took place 500 years after the birth of Christ So it didn't happen 501 years after the birth of Christ if there was a year zero then that means that something in 500 AD happened 501 years ago, which it did it so That's what I got from the encyclopedia. Okay, great well. I got on murder right now. Okay. Thank you You see what I'm saying This is the only way you could complicate this is by doing what they're doing bringing in all these things I'm gonna lock this door. I'm serious. I can't I cannot ever walk outside again All the after that great thing from Dunkin, Donovan, says more and I have to make this go And haul that was real good by the way. Thank you guys you have to be terrified of me I'll offer you do bring some crap in I'll be sure and talk about it on the year Oh, what are we gonna do about our friends at Coligan by the way? They really never spot today But I think we have to you'll compel the talk about then how great they are about a jackass that Agency guy is you know and agency people are asshole that lip-off guy mark lip-off In fact, that's our pull question who's the bigger asshole mark lip-off or time drag here ourselves the permit I think it's a tie it's a dead heat Let's continue here. It's a very educational day for me today. I'm learning a lot like maybe don't come back Monday Here's poppin. Oh hello How are you doing okay first of all that I said you're giving away a thousand hours? Yes sure No, I think we're going to a zero which is what they're obsessed with and that's what we're giving them zero Well, you know, I agree with you what you're saying at one to a hundred that's very obvious What we think yeah what people don't understand is or what people are thinking is that the January 1st of the of the new year yes that's what they're saying starts the year So what they're saying is the year goes from the year 1000 to the year 2000 is two years Because it's starting the year for your 1000 to 2000 is two years is no it's a thousand years Okay from the year 1000 to the year 2000 is a thousand year that's not correct okay, but there Go from the 1000 and one thousand with a thousand years What you're saying because when you start counting you start with one Exactly, but what they're saying is that because January 1st of the year 2000 starts the first year That's what it starts so they're saying January 1st year 2000 to Gen two December 31st year 3000 would be a thousand years That's what they're saying yeah, well they're wrong okay now let me ask you one question Let me let me stop stop and listen to me okay I'm listening to me you got you got ten fingers like I do right I agree with you I understand don't care what you agree or not because you're you're you're moneying the waters Okay, don't have to go through this because people are gonna start counting under fingers and toes in thousands We're all you're talking about units of 10 okay right one if you if you eliminate the zero One through 10 is 10 okay period. There's a zero on 10 just like the year is near a thousand But nevertheless one through 10 is 10 but the one had to start someplace right and the one starts January 1st Yeah, that's what they're saying that's what who's saying that's what everybody is missing That's no better not what they're saying they're saying that that year was zero that's it that the year one started the second year January 1st Which is not right yeah now okay have a great day Oh, God, oh my god, we're exactly This is I have no words I really I'm in a loss for the first time in my life. I'm at a total loss for words to describe this experience Papa papa papa papa just keep going okay. So already almost noon Market's taking a good look a little bit of inflation fear there. Oh, yeah, there's a not nothing really substantial But there's just a little So there you go they must know my bottle whole bunch of stock again yesterday That was down 173 the next day down I want to give you a chest 36 yeah Ow What's the matter honey this hard crusty's not it's impossible to dig out it hurts That used to be me but now excited covered boogey Budgey's you mean by the bee jeans. You don't filly Vuey It liquidized dry stubborn. It's not on contact so it's slide right out here give it a try okay Now blow Hey He's works great take a look I'll say it work looks like you pick me a winner from now on. I'm gonna get Budgey's better with You know, see I hate to break the news to you some of you student luxe holes out there Everything that we measure is artificially determined by man we make all these units of measurement up So that's the reason there's a difference between our the time that we use and military time We don't say oh well it's a zero in the morning We don't say that because that's not the way we measure time in this country So artificially designed But all these idiotic examples well, you know, baby doesn't start the one year old No, he doesn't start one year old, but you know something at the end of the first year from the Native is birthday he's one year old that was the first year of his life Just like the year one was the first year and it can measure the calendar Anybody know anyone that was born on January zero on March zero We don't use the number zero in terms of the calendar in terms of base. It's not you. There's no such thing Unleapier does not have to worry zero and even and even if we did It doesn't make any difference because uh, this is so I'll exaggerate In other words in that first year no matter what we call it no matter what you call it Let's say nobody call that anything Nobody designated that year or anything at the end of the year at midnight December 31st at the end of the first year We would have completed year one AD recorded time in my right there you go So what's the debate so January 1st the next day becomes the first day of year two One and a two and a three and you got Lawrence Welkin Ricky Martin getting in Who know those trace oh don't start singing Ricky please no don't do it Jesus Christ and all of all these people and you wonder why people blow each other's brains out Oh my nobody in this company should be allowed to be anywhere near a gun Man and they're and they're hostile about it. They're they're adamant about it Just like the god freaks out there. Oh, yeah, well the Henry somebody in vows there has to be a crater somewhere. Why Those mosquitoes out there that are chewing up all the spring and summer and some may create them and if so why to how they do it Sure narrow that would throw this in the waste basket, but because I adopted my new attitude the kinder gentler meal is weak Except for default in his stupid taxes Come meet the host of the new motorsports Saturday show Joe Costello With the QAM vanity at 12 30 at Hooray's in temper pines at the corner 5 University drive and maybe show Joe your feet Yeah, that's a good idea Joe he hates feet he's obsessed it and maybe he'll even shave your nuts for you Joe will have tickets to the American racing league races for next weekend at the homestead motorsports complex and complimentary passes to golf expo 99 this weekend in Boca oh boy And then if you says oh, we got to do this is a favor for George Corso. We got a good people out of that Racing crap down there. Okay. Whatever you say 12 30 hooters at the temper and temper fine pines University Go say how to Joe Costello bring some of the portal pictures form two. Okay. It's really nervous Start exposing him to what life is really all about Tomorrow life than just shaving your nuts Joe Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. How are you? Be shaving somebody else's yes sir. Yeah, this brings up a couple of pertinent point yes One when the when the score is zero to zero in a ball game kid you said is no score no And Number zero so you can't say there's no score. I think correct. Let me say there's no and the other I'm kind of questioning the existing for zero myself Yeah, okay, I think looking in the mirror with the prove it to you 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Why will slide you can hear it in the voices can't you Kind of that like 60 cycle tone, you know the Like that as And you can't complain about this personality because he doesn't have one Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Oh, yes, sir listen you just said what I was gonna say when a baby is born is a zero No at the end of 365 days is he won your all? Yes, if you're gonna take a trip 365 miles away One of your trips completed halfway a quarter of the way or when you get this When you get this that's the end of your trip You get you know 365 miles would be right about to Jackson relax. I think that would be the I think you're right Oh boy You know something I think my gallbladder is gonna burst and I had to take it out years ago But I think it's gonna make it come back. I think I'm gonna pass a stone 567 0 560 pound five 60 on the 18 where right god damn it You said an abid you wrong. We hate you If it will make you feel better um it's the year 50 time well whatever you want okay. What do you want to call it? What would make you happy? What would pass to follow you See once again what what disturbs them is that they've been sucked in by all the hype And I was sucked in by all the hype because I don't think about these things until George mentioned a few days ago Just in passing that the end of the second millennium would be at the end of the year 2000 That would be the passage of 2004 years on a calendar and then the first day of the third millennium would be January 1st 2001 and it's very very obvious it's common sense. That's early. I you know you're right Didn't bother me that I had been wrong that I've been You can because you can who cares about these things Like I said I mean if these are the kinds of things that you've got time to worry about in your life then Hey Got a lot of trying these people like to come over here not the ones that are thrown all the crap in the streets by the way I'm talking about people at least in can cook Norse Miami Beach, hello hey my nigga Neil yes, sir hey I'd like to remind all the Christians out there that CC is not before Christ before Caesar The Caesar is the one who invented the calendar. Yeah, so I just like to let them know that and uh is there a god? No Is there heaven? No and keep harping on it. Okay, George E. Harp Junior 560 560 560 on the ATT line Warren Harp Let's start doing old harness racing name betched rat tissue up real fancy got Kim Bo Kamper for Hank to a clock Six o'clock we got to talk in baseball with Donnie beat briefly before that big Marlins at the brewer's game 735 tonight any no How about those maple leaves huh? Okay, I said Gary I surveyed Burrs and I said he's got to come through okay, so I've been doing great They woke his ass up but I said they're during the game last night to John who was rooting big time for the penguin I said we got to get Burrs and go in again When you're leading goal score score 37 goals during the season is in a coma We got to get him going first to get the post he goes in and gets the rebound it's sitting there and but I'm being an exit So no matter what happens from here on at least at least this team is putting on a good performance put on a good show and Thank God for them Here's Western hello You sure I had to be a year zero because at the beginning of the first at the beginning of the calendar there was January 1st And each month contributes that first year so you don't get to one year until the end of that first For us are you're using logic this first year was designated as year one No, if you were to write it first year Let me say it again You were to write the first year you were you can keep saying no all you want I'm just telling you the way the calendar works you you can keep saying no It's like looking at the moment saying that it isn't there. It's not going away like next year if you're to write January 1 I don't care what you write why the calendar one the year one in back when the first calendar Back off this okay 567560 yeah, I was born a March 0 and year 0 0 0 0 0 0 Congratulations to Here's cool spring hello Yes, sir very easy to solve There's nothing to solve I don't get the right here. I first I disagree with you in George and I Stand corrected and this is how you solve at the end of year one 365 days at past yes at the end of year 1999 7 729,635 okay, thank you Well, here's all thing about why to cave by the way It says does it come as any surprise that lawyers have had seminars and how to profit from why to k Oh and also here in this article what's this from what is this what magazine somebody faxes me is this from Road and track Road and track magazine boy Joe Castelo would be proud It says by the way that we all know that the new century doesn't actually begin until January 1st 2001 Let's agree to use the word millennium to describe all the neat zeros of 0 1 0 1 0 This is by Dennis Simon A. I it is In Road and track Technology up there why 2k doomsday or melodrama would you be driving it all on January 1st 2000 let me repeat that paragraph again. Okay, for all you intellectuals out there who are laughing and I was stupid We are over here By the way though we all know that the new century doesn't actually begin till January 1st 2001 Let's agree to use the word millennium to describe all the neat zeros of 0 1 0 Here you go as in And as nothing for these just though we all know that the new century I then other words any of us who really thought about it for more than five seconds and I got a brain and can figure this out So you can keep calling it whatever you want you can call me show you can call me bowl, but it's year one And it makes sense that it's year one the first year is got to be year one How could it be year zero oh Yeah, but it wasn't till up to you in the first year they completed the year, but it still was the first year It's still year one. It's like the guy says about when you're one year old. That was the first year of your life That was the first year at least AD are recorded time. Maybe nobody did not in that year I mean you're making you my argument for me and I try to turn it around Yeah, but military time. Yeah, well, that's got a lot to do with this military time Well Don't forget that if I said an hour and five minutes. It's gonna be 1300 people you know what they would be doing they'd be going Yeah, like that This guy wants to start with military time and they would say using euro by the way We don't do that here, okay. It's got actually it's not only apples and oranges. It's it's come clutch in the currents That was down 163 the nice next down 32 points while lots of vehicles you know a little bit of panic there Looking for an excuse to start getting panic. He cuz it's all based on crap anyway Really are you snowing the bathroom Little really Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be this guy Sure, isn't there enough a lot are you all right in there Willie? Oh, almost finished coming soon the theaters everywhere When I found my dad's forno Willie where did all the clinics go and what's this all over the floor? Where are you eating in here again from the press and awkward team to the happiest guy in school Really Stanford has found heaven in his father's home chest Oh, it's okay mom. You and that go out. I'll say here in much now I don't mind when I found my dad's point rated PG 13 all kids age 13 must see to still okay It's a minute past noon at five sixty to what's a minute past zero Here on a w q a and so what is with the form you know the hysterical everybody's doing it in the parks and at the Sograss hand out newspaper whole kinds of letters to the editor. It says we received no more Complaints about lastly front page story cruising for sex and margate and the creek And of course this was by the same broad that wrote the other story and the other local or whatever But is this the form in the addition out there and sunrise about all the cruising of the saw grass mills mall even though the security people are said We don't know what they're talking about there's nothing going on here, but she's obsessed. She's looking for glory holes And it's got a whole all several of these letters saying that even if this stuff is going on This is supposed to be like a community newspaper and it's picked up off the front stoop and little kids are reading it And what do you have to put all this stuff in your hot? Yeah Maybe that maybe there is this part of a hidden agenda, you know, maybe the forum is trying to and they also Actually mentioned the website and there was to got a lot of heat and remember I wouldn't read it on the ear The website that tells all these people where the hot spots for cruising are for all this public sex Which I refuse to read on here and it says well to print the fact that website exists and information that contains Then not to identify the site would not have been credible journalism even at the print this site And you could have said well if you know if you want to know the site call us up or whatever We have the name of the site on file, but for obvious reason we don't want to publish it because we don't want to promote it That would have been credible journalism But anyway, that's the forum. I mean journalism a little crappy you know what that is you know what these papers are those are the things that you find them The dribbling the little a plant, you know like like a real-nose paper except all mashed up in the rain and you have to keep picking them up and showing them I a little kids are reading this yeah little kids are reading those So keep it up keep looking for glory holes. Okay all over town. I'm sure you'll find plenty of Keep mocked the streets keep looking for those heavy duty cruising spots Let me just read that one pair of rap again, okay because it's just it's just it's just by the way, though. We all a ll Oh no The acceptance of Florida that the new century doesn't actually begin till January 1st 2001 See before we can start the third thousand years you have to complete the first 2000 years years one true 2000 that's 2000 years the first year of the third thousand a third millennium will be 2001. Oh, now that's what I said two hours ago It was simple it was very common sense there was nothing controversial about it There was nothing revolutionary a child can figure it out and here we've been bombarded with his stereo With facts. Oh, you're so goddamn stupid You guys Here's a mobile import lotterdale welcome to stupid radio hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir It's very simple why people can break out of their straight jacket at mine to understand why is that please tell me Tell me why it's the whole baby issue They can make that leap of logic between the way they count the passing of their life and the way the calendar counts the passing of time Yeah, but like I said at the end of the first year That's where all the arguments go about the window because at the end of the first year you completed one year and at the end of a year from when the baby is born It's a completed it's first year. So it's why you're old But you're people have been conditioned to thinking okay my first year. I'm not willing until I reach the end of the year In a day, wait wait a minute. In addition, which is far as accounting a time is concerned How could you have completed the first year and then go out of the January 1st of the second year and said okay? Well, this is January 1st year one you couldn't you couldn't do that. It's the second year Right when when people were hanging out with their sister There should never have been a year zero and there wasn't Right when people were hanging calendars on their wall the calendar didn't have a big zero on the top of the January 1st zero no right it's January 1st one on the calendar right because you have to start at number one Right, but people keep thinking that the whole baby analogy that well I won't be one until I read it And let me say it again. There is no zero in Latin. There is no zero. They had no number zero I mean there's an expert 10 they go by X is a in multiples of 10 and see and whatever but there is no zero And what further confused is them is then after you reach the age of one you're still a one year old until you get to the second year Right, you've finished your second year. Yeah, the second year guess what your two years old Just like at the end of two years we had passed two years It's two I mean Wait here. Look at this and I mean I'm sitting here on the year talking to suppose to me as all audience say at the end of the first two years We had completed two years. I mean is this profound or what huh? Huh? Well, you know, that's why Stanley Kubrick called his movie 2001 Because even back then you people understood that until the year 2001 we do not begin the new millennium If they would have just talked during the movie they might have told talk people about it I would have kept so quiet have a great day pal. Okay. See yeah, that's right That's it. Oh, but he heard anything about it because they what are they saying what are they you know? Here don't delay Was that on like a seven second delay? No I've been doing this for six hundred years And I'm sitting here today saying at the end of the first two years two years had passed And People are arguing with me about it. That's the best part. Oh, no, you're wrong. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I Could be searching for Seeds in my rectum and the more productive than this Maybe I'm earning as much money, but more productive Here's more Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay. Yeah, I want to change your subject Okay because the expert tastes 2001 and one at eight states two thousand and one at two thousand and one I want to talk about something up. You know how the right wingers are saying um we should have bibles with school about the violence Oh, yeah, that'll do it. What's your management in bibles a lot of prayer? Well, the thing is what's more violent than the old testament? Right God knows Josh would a kill every man woman child and animal Big baby baby baby lovers and killing baby right One more with the and George was right. He was saying there were no dinosaurs in the Bible. He's absolutely right Much less flying ones bottle and it's only end or thought. But I'm not looking this week's news We can see about how the first birds, you know the done right. I thought that yeah, right that's your revolution I'll say that's you're gonna burn and hell. Did you read that guy in the sun sent it? We said if we take your The discovery channel always talks about evolution with neanderthals and dinosaurs we shouldn't teach that we should teach everybody We came from it's Adam and Eve and talking this makes right speaking the end of all right. Okay. Okay. God bless I mean a religion thing is just I mean on the face of it, but but now I mean we've had we had this experience today Now I don't feel so frustrated and so bad about the trying to convince people how obvious all this other silly stuff is When people have got their brain locked I mean it is closed somebody took out the key they heaved it away and once they've got all the stuff locked in there Maybe you'll never get it up Like I'd like all these kids that get into these cults and then they have to put them through all this deep programming and sometimes it never works Because once they bring wash them sufficiently they're like They're going And they're drinking cool a neat net the bad putting and getting they're not not only shave but chopped off Or spikking and not shave by the way. Don't forget Joe Costello. What did I do with that thing? That's your what up? I hope not I sure hope not because then default get all upset even though he's got nothing to do with this one I think I did show it out Well, I got the Hooters at University in the pines in Pembroke finds starting at 1230 And we got tickets to a here it is Go see Joe Costello showing your feet. Why did this overhead every now and then like this just start taking off on its own? What are you doing? Are you paulking with it or what? I was right then wow, it's loud man. That's weird All right, okay now it's better because I just turned it down Anyway, if you're looking for fast easy reliable access to the internet so you can go on your and ask you Get on some of those chat rooms and ask them about this very important topic. It's they all new geniuses on the internet here You know But if you want to get on there do like I've what I've done for the last year and a half and that is use mind spring because mind spring gets you on there hooked up immediately If not sooner In theaters now it's the totally new star wars Yoda get hot on our 2d2 2d2 you make me feel good Oh I was just wondering you are a female right You're a dude Yoda breaks up with R2 G2 showing now no robots were injured during the filming of this movie Oh, no in a fairly use Okay, here's a article at somebody's factory millennium bug Christmas 2000 maybe closer than we think It says forget the y2k computer meltdown these is a restaurant reservations for New Year's Eve of 1999 and the forthcoming church celebrations of the 2010 anniversary of Christ birth The great millennial milestone has already happened just a few weeks ago or it will occur a few weeks from now So say the calculation of certain specialists in the arcane field of biblical chronology if they're right most modern scholars are wrong And this is barely a Christmas to remember it gets great complicated but take heart to follow will be a highly simplified account to begin The year a d1 isn't the year a d1 everyone who looks at the data agrees that strange as it seems Jesus was born before Christ not anodomony the man who split history into BC and a d on the basis of the first Christmas was Dinesious exogenous exogenous Ignits whatever was what is it? That guy that Roman yeah, the oh In a d5 25 Dionysius the little they call them we got that's a lot simpler great idea but this Roman monk had two problems first he used no zero year Is that what we been saying all day today? So he figured Jesus was born on December 25 of 1 BC and New Year's day of AD a 1 came one year one week later Are you following that Serian he figured that Jesus was born December 25 of BC your year 1 BC and New Year's day of AD 1 came a week after that Okay Second Dionysius didn't have much documentary evidence to go on modern day historians have put them in activity around 5 BC The whole business pivots on when the homicidal king here were the great died because Matthew 2 and Luke 1 5 report that herid was bored It was on the throne when Jesus was born because of the consideration from Jesus on chronology that was at the very end of herids long reign And it goes on and on historians think herid died in 4 BC a belief to arrive partly from details in Jewish antiquities written by the first century Historian Joseph Josephus one important clue in his report that herid died shortly before the animal She was passed over there for shortly after a lunar eclipse the only one noted in Josephus massive work modern calculation show the whole that And it goes on and on about this But you know something it doesn't have anything to do with anything this is this is all you know bottom line is there was no years Yeah, oh yeah very clearly the guy who invented the calendar didn't use the year zero the first year and it says right here A D 1 came a week later after Jesus was born A D 1 not a D 0 a D 1 one you got it there you go What's so f and year zero you got it there was what's no freaking years zero don't turn that up Right, it doesn't who needs it Default maybe the D phone needs a good tear it up some more Two hours and 15 minutes later here we sit still arguing with a bunch of people a bunch of basket heads who refused to accept the fact There was no yet there is no number zero in Latin it doesn't exist The first zero appears as a unit of 10 with X 10 Got it no Here's okay, hello Hi, hi, do a meal. Okay, sir. Hey, um the question started you think a calendar that is silo became it what they thought was modern time is the birth of Christ Yeah, and called that point in time year one idea was because that's a diagnosis guys. Yeah, and they claimed that that was the year And they claimed the year primitive times was one B C What people do not understand is that that had little do the science for more towards politics Yeah, logically they should have been a year zero, but they felt like it was more like a jump Like there's no smoke when you say logically there should be a year zero why well it's kind of like there's no space in time in between life life and death Either a life in your dad Yeah, but They felt like why you're maybe a living soft order. Yeah, yeah, yeah Makes sense but logically it would make more sense because it was it's scientifically it would equal out Who would make more sense, but so basically they didn't do that it was more like a jump between Primitive times and then modern times and there's nothing in between here to primitive or your modern There's nothing. Yeah, no, I'm saying you're in South Florida, so I think he answers be for itself. Thank you Now I understand what he's saying if there's a one if there's one B C then there would be like a median point would be zero And then one A D I follow what he's saying, but they didn't do that You follow at least what he's trying to say it makes logic to me But what are you talking logic you talking about a bunch of religious nuts? Let's keep the religion out of this. Okay. Let's just accept the fact that this guy who invented a modern calendar called the first year One A D A D one period no zero. There it is every piece of information that we got here from air be article from people forget about me forget about George there is it's obvious Are you saying like one to a thousand is a thousand years? That's wrong with you Are you saying a thousand one through two thousand is another thousand years? And are you saying that the third thousand years won't start until the year 2001 is that what you're saying? Oh communist son of a bitch Here's Miramar hello Yes, sir. It's called the dumbing of America. Yes, and no topic ever that I heard on the Neil Rodgers show I have never had a response like this It's incredible. It's like doing bioreathens The dumbing of America is being completely laid out for us on your show today Yeah, and I want to thank you for finally setting the record straight on this and I'm out and you're out. Okay God bless you take to and call us Monday. He's out over and out I just want to just say one thing that might straighten this off or clarify the whole deal a very young Florida gator team I Heard what even better than that couple of days ago. I call up Hank about the NBA playoff He's I just want to say whoever's got the most horses that's the team that's gonna win And I thought about Jesus kind of that profound And thank God he didn't use any cliches in there too whoever's got the most horses. That's the team that's gonna win And that's like the hockey playoff. Whoever's gonna score the most goals is gonna win a game Oh This is this is so sweet. This this is the greatest day of my life I thought that the other day went guilty when I had that board of games experience in the tea room with guilty and Chains my whole outlook on this place and I realized how wonderful everything was I thought that was see that was only the beginning that was just the start of my own personal revelations Here's Halandale. Hello, yeah, sir Did the Vatican screw around the calendar in the 1500s and I think we're on what's called the recording calendar right now I'm gonna do a chant right now. Yes, okay, because we're the system. There's one of my keys. I think Jeff Gregory had something to do with them Okay, that is on the Julian calendar. Yeah, is the Jewish year longer or shorter than the calendar one now? Well, it's not longer or shorter. It's just the way ahead They count this is like the year. I don't know six thousand or something like fifty nine. See or something like that Okay, I'm sure that we go on that Do you wish calendar doesn't the separate, you know BC because the Jews don't recognize the Jesus at all So they just count from whatever they're for a tail story. Yeah, from from whenever that is right You know, this is how if I'm doing those successful huh? This is like filled is so successful. Yeah, take one topic like that and you get your yeah Can you imagine what he could do with us? Oh, yeah, it's you can trust you know he can have a historian call in a day telling us about the year double zero Make them up. Okay. See you right 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line are you positive? I'm entertained. I'll tell you that We got to be panthearted today. I haven't had this much creator team in the house in a hell of a long time Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Oh, yes. I have I think I can clear this up for every time Okay, strain the song. I'll work it. We'll merge out there Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Do the Marlin start in any zero. No. They start in any one. Yeah, but the final score usually is the other team something And the Marlin is usually a zero in their summer. That's a good point. Yeah But the dolphins and the heat do they start in the first quarter or they start in quarter zero? Quarter zero. Yeah. There we go. Okay. Thank you. And then of course there was Joel auto who wore zero zero We had a few athletes who wore zeros and then we got the many athletes who are zeros Like OJ he's even got a zero in his name there. I don't think it's OJ zero j. I'm gonna start calling that from now on zero j Because he is a big and those people are hanging around with him too by the way including Sam our promotions man who's nothing but a little juxtucking a lot of her rhymes with five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one I know what her. He looks so much like Andrew Kinen in that on that deathbed. You know what? Oh By the way the Twin and Joe Costello were out there any minute now any set of probably they're already no, they just once They just left here So how they're gonna be there at 12 30 see this is the reason you guys don't get anybody to show up You keep pushing me to plug this crap and I do mean crap and then you go out there and you show up 10 to 10 minutes late And the massive crowds that I draw for you out there. They're all gone already Think they're gonna hang around for the garbage you guys got Any second now Joe Costello and nephew will be pulling up in the QA and van at the Hooters in Pepper Pines right on the corner times in university Joel have tickets to the American racing league races next weekend at the homestead motorsports complex free shave your nuts tickets and Kind of let me pass this to go up expo 99 this weekend in Boko anybody want this stuff? No, at least I'm putting it on here. Kilsson good time part of my whole new attitude. Maybe we'll do three or four these a day Here's the Oakland Park. Hello Damn, I know what's up. Okay, hey Go it Joe Rose head shape like one of ours or like a big set zero Good point excellent like a huge 567 and the ship has landed by the way. I think Joe and Leo got off one at a time Whether promote this new Leo movie. Have you seen that? They were pointing yesterday the new Brad Pitt movie where he's like a naked most of the movie or like a lot of it And that's just fine, okay Brad like anybody with a brain. We're looking at that and then they got Leo who's running around looking like a mini mouse Yeah, there's Juan E Leo bearing it for everyone to see and they're all saying oh, gee put them close on what you place and get back on a spaceship before it takes off sunrise hello sunrise Hey, you're here. Yes, sir You're absolutely right on the movie and thing. Yeah, I just You're for this idiot. Have you heard much of this conversation? I've heard most of it all day long And I just can't believe it if you go into the bank and cast their checks. Yeah, I started from zero. We'll go ballistic Now they want zero one They've got idiots that you start from one that's what everything starts from a better stop from zero 81 2001 aluminum that's the end of the story. Yeah, there's there's nothing else But but you see this flies in the face of everything they've been led to believe and they just accepted That took it for granted for so long and now they're psychotic about it We reacting like a bunch of little children. Well, that's that's what the original do thing there you go. All right now God bless you sir 1225 On your ballbuster station here's we continue breaking down the iconoclast of mankind here at QAM whatever that means to be able to work for our crowd obviously I'll know what does have several In it Nothing more books then sports doctor Adio that's why here at 560 w QAM In keeping with our macho image where possibly then the bread summers and sandy patient shows starting this Monday Join Britain Sandy as a welcome there guest Rick Taylor Not to mention sidelight reviews from great loose heinous in the public's bad boys only a five 60 You Oh, 30 at five 60 w QM here's a pay for and plantation hello Hey, you know, I think I can maybe clear this up about 30 seconds. I'm a graduate from K. Swiss Reserve at Ohio I'm majored in astronomy and minor in chemistry So we deal with with numbers and you know units and I think what a lot of people are confused on is Zero is a home member because when we measure you're right about the calendar when you measure forward You don't need to worry about zero But we want to For instance talk about solar reclitses in the future or the especially the past We have to go beyond Into the negative numbers like DC one two three Oh now when we but we have to make sure we count correctly so we can precisely predict a cuts to the number thing out So when we go from saying negative we go from DC one to AD one That's two years. It's not one year. You have to count zero Now that's not on the calendar. Yes, and I think that's where everybody's gonna confused So it's the same thing like when we do chemistry when we count Senate grades from negative one to positive one It's too unit to have to count zero Right, it is all remembered right and I respect so I think that's where everybody's getting confused on okay Thanks, see you Okay, here's a couple of taxes. I just got as we're finally starting to come back to reality here after all these We'll be a little bit people just the following at the moment Yeah, you stupid deal and at George Here's one asking that's your scientist now. We know how stupid they are, right? Ask a NASA scientist the question. Hi. I'm 17 years old I'd like to know where the new millennium starts isn't the January 1st 2001 why do people get so excited about 2000 and how do I explain this to my friends please help the answer? You are right that the millennium starts on January 1st 2001 there is no year zero so the oh, oh, I feel like I'm had a religious experience who sent this to me God bless you There is no year zero so the first millennium started on January 1st 1 CE CE and BC E common era and before common era are the leading actual terms for what used to be called AD and BC The neutral terms Let me say it again the first millennium started on January 1st 1 CE the day after December 31st 1 BCE the first millennium and it 1,000 years later on the number of December 31st 1,000 more in January 1st 1,000 1 and a second millennium ends 1,000 years after that on December 31st 2,000 slash January 1st 2,000 1 However the year 2,000 is when you have to throw away all your old printed checks and get new ones It's the year that there will be computer failures due to why two k bugs making them believe that they just jump back to century when you buy a card typically as a few tens of a mile on it so a diameter But you still celebrate when it clicks to all zeros The main reason people will celebrate the millennium on the night of December 31st 1999 is to hold big parties Well, yeah and to hold them a year sooner than they would otherwise I expect that around February 2000 people will start coming around to the belief that the millennium doesn't Deed start with 2001 and planned their next party accordingly David Palmer and Samar Saffee Harb from NASA asking NASA scientists not ask a talk show host that you want to rip on a radio or his producer who's a little relentless But ask a NASA scientist and here's one of our chronic factors who says To complete one year you must complete 365 days at the end of one AD with complete 365 days To complete 2000 years you must complete 730,000 days at the end of 1999 We were only have completed 729,000 to 635 days at the end of the 2000 year We were all completed 730,000 days or two millennia and begin the third millennium on January 1st 2001 There you go There is no year zero Virginia there is no Santa Claus there is no tooth fairy There's no gobble on your bed. There's no green hornet. There's no god. There's no bullcraft. Okay. Oh Here, let's save these yeah the rocket scientist one place ask a NASA scientist You know when I started this morning I said this isn't rocket science and we'll have to be hold two and a half hours later We find out that it is We have to find a NASA scientist to find out that the one and a two and if we oh no those trace come on Ricky let's go baby Oh my god I feel I feel like I've had my inside scraped off whatever they call that you know I feel like my kishki's have been pulled out Here's my and their adamant here's my any hello. Hi near yes sir. I'm a dev care question At the year 2000 if you subtract the thousand or year what a big if you strike the thousand subtract If you subtract the thousand At the year 2000 yeah if you subtract out now why do you want to subtract the thousand what's the point over here would it be Who would be one thousand At the year 2000 each subtract 2000 Okay five six seven five sixty time five sixty animal the one on Is this pathetic is this uh uh tragic See he's drawn off now because the NASA scientists is just boxed in the corner so now he's starting to do math Let's do my me be chill They're gonna you yes, uh how you doing? I'd be good. Yeah, I just wanted to talk a little bit about those two idiots out there with the fan Yeah, I guess they must have got a great I don't know got a theory there now by the way There there are right now hoping to get laid somebody must have had a great idea for some advertising for that wonderful Patient years last night. I was down in the Grove. They had that thing parked down in the front of Murphy's Murphy's Club Only thing is nobody paid the meter Yeah, there was a big fat parking ticket. All right. Let's hear it. All right great Come out of Sam's budget. Yeah. I know Greg's gonna love that one mine's my call somebody do you speak? Yeah Charlie you're a big fat slain and soap drop induced okay five six seven 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line so they're now they're over there at Hooters We just got to call Joe and then that few are there waiting breakfast for you to come by and get the crap that they're trying to give away tickets to the American racing race is next weekend at the home set notice sports complex and and if that isn't good enough to draw you out there Plus the Hooters babes the complimentary passes to go up expo 99 this weekend in poker for those with no life and absolutely nothing else to do And by the way Joe can still want to be once ever once a run not miss the Dale Earnhardt Jr Inter to Bob one to speak to seven o'clock Dale Earnhardt Jr Who's a lot but you then some of those racing guys. I don't want to mention by name Jeff Gordon But that's just a rumor Here's an island morada. Hello Yes, sir It sounds like you also it was a horrible screech I'm gonna self-pun I'm on his marginal right on the border at best I just heard all those other people playing the party now You know 2001 I thought about stole my fire about five calls ago. I thought they're sure that is you've entered the fair zone man with these people yeah, and just a couple of good comments zero is a fair number because it has a fair And it Yeah, and both that in set of fast the 1974 And he said nothing from nothing It's nothing. Okay. Thank you. So you got bless you getting no phone because it sounds like a big Filament Yeah, well, maybe these people like something with a big hole and it might be the answer Because based on what we heard several months ago. They like a big echo. That's got a hole in it and I guess that's what they like 567 0 560 550 on the mobile one line. I was just thinking about that phrase whole number how's he spelling that? I guess it all depends on a fit to the song raster member. Maybe it's JC pennies 22 before one and five 60 WQM don't make Hello citizens this is butt man You know even though I'm a fictional character the Y2K problem is real in other words I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about Y2K So what can you do John and Jane citizen That's right if you have the time right now one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl Yelink why do K why me You know, think fat man's coming to your rescue do you I can tell you now suck up on can go think with all your cash from the bank and bury it in the backyard But the capital of your have a canine friend then sell your computer It'll be about as useful as a fat signal of noon if I just will get some money other than now So you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline, but don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting more unlike Robin like suck it down thinking it's ice tea then you gotta get his stomach pump by rushing to the emergency room And you don't want to do it in custom because the potential laugh at that man when he's not a little slow screen five in crime and they always be stubborn because his outfit is so Hey, but I digress this is not bad when it comes to why you okay don't be a Joker What is the amount of why to gay it's 16 before I won if I'm 60 WQM one of the most enlightening sessions of my life here today This has been the best. I am exhausted. I feel like I've just run the three and a half minute mile and Lifted with weights on my back. I'm carrying fat boy and Josh Friedman behind me Oh, this has been spectacular and well worth it at 10 times the price Pembroke pine. Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I'm gonna confuse this even more go right ahead There's a little book out right on the pile. This is it speaking of pile. Yes. There's a there's a great little book out. Oh, cool John indispensable guy to the year 2000 from the bathroom readers press. Yeah, that says and it's it backs up everything you said But you want to confuse it more there was an astronomer named David Hughes It says who set out the figure out the exact date of Jesus's birth and he went through this and he researched ancient Babylonian in Chinese text and he says Christ was born in 70 C because of a rare conjunction of Jupiter and Saturn was Uranus right so in 1979 it says another astronomer tested his theory and sure enough loan behold at this planetary and the planet thing when in the night sky over Bethlehem This thought this conjunction occurs meaning that Christ was born September 15th of 7 BC and given that we count in the year of our Lord Is theory is if you want to be astronomical at the accurate The real year 2000 would have started on September 22nd 1992 So a lot of more figure that one out. Okay, we're working on it. Good. Thank you. Bye Like I said went and out running circle screaming shot 5 670 560 pump 560 on the mobile one line So let's see zero Here's Hollywood hello Hollywood Going once long gone 567 0 560 pump 560 on the mobile one line here is candle. Hello You know, yes, sir. Hey, you don't think this and I heard something a little earlier that that seemed like some hypocrisy on your part I'm here to get on the world's biggest hypocrisy is that default. He'll tell me Okay, well you mentioned earlier that some newspaper in a story with some webpage about sex places that you can do And you being the more standard value declined to put that web I never said I was the moral standard bear I mean did you not say to you to climb to put that side did say I I've been mentioned that when I read the article I'm not gonna promote it and I also didn't publicize the ones when we had all that stuff Show on places you could go to find glory holes. I remember calling you Sir, I'm sorry sir, but you calm down. I said that I wasn't gonna give the name of the website I didn't say it was already printed in the article. Why not give it? I mean you gave a why are you looking for glory? Oh, no, but I'm just saying if you did a whole show on a six months ago and you told people where to go Then why not give them the sweat page? I mean you may be helping some people Okay Monday will give this stuff out and also one more thing. Yeah About the year 2000. Yes, if we were to sit down and open up the history but we would see that But the last last I know you're probably you know in the center Listen, I'm not a Donald Trump. I'm not a freak. We go back. We were in history I'm going to the next Marine You can find things that happened in every year back to the year two B.C. And order for us to count We have to go through your door don't we what is it? I could sit down with you in a history book and show you things that happen in an year We have to call zero We don't call it zero. What are we going to call it? Because we have to go to work. What do you mean we're going to call it? Let me say it again the guy who invented the calendar the guy who invented the glacier calendar that we use all over the world today Except for the orthodox Jews this guy didn't use the year zero You know what I mean if you're not a Republican purpose We have to do that I want to reinvent the calendar no we don't do that. We don't Well, this guy is the Autonomous Listen cough NASA they'll put you where their good glory holes are okay They got a great website by the way It's out of this world 567 0 560 see that's what there's a good message for all your kids out there this guy right here That's what happens to your mind when you hang around too many glory holes we just start cruising too many of those toolplaces Wow Why are we cute they they want to reinvent the wheel man? Well, we got a call of it call it whatever you want call it the blue moon call it Uranus call it Call a doctor take two and call us in the morning. I don't care what you call it call it What you call it call it call it based us boss. I don't care what you call it But the fact is that that's not the way it really works That's not the way the real world is in the world in which we live maybe we don't like it Maybe we don't agree with it, but that's the way it is working you Here's Holly will hello Hello on collier yes sir. I haven't spoken to you since you awarded my wife a shower massage and my life hasn't been the same since Okay, I got the definitive answer for the 2000 thing and it'll make life easy on you can get off the Value it takes 12 got them months to make a year these people can't get it through their heads Yeah 12 months 365 days 52 weeks when you're born you're in your first year, but you're not a year old yet Yeah, I mean what else do they need to know when they do the letting me start why you said it so hard to figure out Okay, thanks whatever you said did that help it all no five six seven Stop or the when you're born okay stop what is business got nothing to do with that anymore It's got to do with military time while it has absolutely nothing to do with any of this Let me sit like I said almost three click an hour's ago four minutes after 10 one two three all of those trace Jesus K Christ One through a thousand was the first thousand years One thousand one through 2000 was the second thousand years the second millennium of you got it. Can you count that high? Can you think it out and the third millennium begins January first 2001 just like the NASA scientists say but they must be just as stupid as I am We're sitting out here just laugh at our ass off and what are couple of smokes you are over there. Yeah word dumb you're smart. Okay Air v printed out a lot. We got air v magazine air v scientists air v genius air v a Schmendrick air v Historian Roman monk a Roman monks Fire tuck rhymes with suck this God Jesus Joseph and Mary Jose Maria But you're laughing about that's what that's your people man Jose Maria. Well they got that I've been Brazil is a lot of Jose Maria's that ain't that necessarily their name though. What right that their names would have been Hebrew? Oh God See this we were going long just fine till you blame started screwing things up. Okay It wasn't bad enough they started eating traced but then they had a mess with the counter that really A piss this off damn do you know they stole a guy in the Senate stole the beanie's Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. I don't know. Let me tell you why it's your is the number and everybody's wrong and I'm right I'm just kidding of course Anyway, I do agree listen if we had to start organizing time Okay, we agreed 365 days is a year does that mean we wait 365 days until we start organizing time Absolutely not it's year one day one you're absolutely right and it's a war boy to end in half that it'd be Half a year. Okay. Let me ask you when you go to work But you gotta understand this proof cake that this Roman monk that started the designating the he could have called a zero He could have called it all the he could have called it Year of anything he got made a pretty silly name you wanted, but you have to call it one I think that he getting it was year one $10 a hour confusing, but right well, I mean if you get paid $10 an hour and you work 30 minutes Does that mean you don't get paid at all? I mean come on man, you know it's the thing is is Do not compare it? Do not compare it to military time when you were born it's separate. It's a separate issue It's what it is period one of these absolutely not keep asking now. It is absolutely and I guess you know the theme to you know the themes here show today is What people who need to feel that they're important and feel that they are basically Smart and everybody else and not only don't that but they're pissed off about it Kill each other or part and replace I mean if this if this were the most important thing I had to worry about in my life my life was the greatest initiative All the things is the everybody thinks that they have the nugget of wisdom that nobody else has and they're so important Well, thank god they're smart none Okay, whatever you're gonna say Like my mother's always saying we bought these things that I couldn't care less like she'll come over and take care of the house We go on vacation. Oh, did you see the lovely planner? I put in of course not. I don't look at those things And she'll say to me you don't even know what's going on in your house And I always respond to her with the same thing. I'm gonna tell you if that's the biggest problem the biggest thing I had to worry about in my life. It would be heaven heaven would be here right now I'm serious that's the kind of nudging that I get Didn't you see the lovely plant there? I put it? No, I did not Behender back your dogs are running a numbers out said I wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised I've made dropped several numbers from the artist's morning a couple of big bombs You don't even know what's going on in your house 567 0560 pound five 60 on the mobile one. Well, I wish I had the Zig run Evans, you know near 25 25 I love that song to All the way do have the weeds But seriously, I was thinking about this this morning so this fit in perfect when people are buying rickie Martin Rickie Oh, what is that tell you I mean, I talk about Latin things this town. I'm gonna tell you this right now this town should embrace Of course he's Mexican so they're not too crazy about him or Puerto Rican or a little bit each But they should embrace the least Miguel like one of their own they should love him They should laugh him from toe to to head. Oh, sorry Joe about the feet from ankles all the way up to the top He sings the language beautifully. He's got the greatest voice in the history of the human race even those of us who don't understand more than 50 words of espioniel love his music He's great. He's a great performer. He's marvelous But no Ricky Martin Huchicochi. Oh, no, don't say see the big with the numbers the big with the numbers that's all Ain't no from and only up till three they can't what's it get to quadro it's like And you notice by the way how nobody is told us how you say zero in Latin And you want to know why Because there isn't any Me, maybe that's why a biggest dick is didn't come up with the year zero because there wasn't any There was no such thing Let me real hard to chisel to yeah next semester Here's Miami Beach, yellow Yes, sir great The terms of BC With terms of Thing it's before before Christ before Caesar is nothing do we all know well a lot of the you're right 560 560 560 on the mobile one line Like I said a lot of one-dimensional people out there boring terminal pond risk sound all the same I'm droning on 60 cycle tone like B Anyway, we got Kim Bocaper coming along he'll have all the numbers from the sports games come up because that's what the it was the important numbers okay As in the big oh He'll be here from to the six six to clock tonight. We got who we got we got we got talking baseball the Donnie B As the big four play for the Marlon game Marlon's at Milwaukee. They've never beaten the brewers Are they gonna do it tonight? No, I don't have to tune in to find out are you gonna tune in? No Are you selling your home or looking to buy one? Let me tell you about buy owner right unique nationally known coveted It'll save you thousand to dollars easily I like it all for only one tip for the future Act strange and people will leave you alone The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable to my own the andering experience Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings by the kernels close enough crackling pun Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads to the hole with it say how much Rick stranger tell them you're from Bosnian your country to sign of respect Take lots of pills one of them might work Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis Be annoying During an IRS audit staple the guys hand to his desk Moon a funeral Play go fetch with a scene eye dog while he's working Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees Say the word titty without smiling Try to figure out who said polyshore should star in movies Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it Disappear for great lengths of time Try to touch your forehead with your tongue It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still leaving your home Ask mark McGuire. They'll take a million dollars for one of his books Try to find the secret to caratops success Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted In one or a few more last before they passed out Try not to lose your finger in your nose take a thought costless and toss them on a lawn next door Go on a car trip with Bob Cospiston force of the stainless car seat Try to dribble Bob Cospiston Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness Knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimating Wish no real will to anyone unless you don't like them then screw them on their own Realize anyone who says that completely has me are completely full of crap Ask a healthy interest if he's a woman or has he always walk like that Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them Smith and old lady Imagine go and repile and they gave our trying to get lucky Do this without laughing Find what's left of your innocence Understand it embraces detected and if it's so awesome take it out for a nice knife Caratops not to care Humble you eat Extrange and people will lead you alone Okay, thank you four minutes after one at five sixty WCM speaker to strange people and this is so typical for this state Nicole Miss Florida I figured out that in a state R and R means Rednex Reproducing Nicole Miss Florida when Wednesday rolls around Jesper and Leena Solander plan to be standing in line with much of the rest of the country Wouldn't get in the star wars episode one the Phantom Menace the first Star Wars movie in 16 years but they'll need a babysitter Somebody has to keep an eye on their six-month-old son Anakin Oh, am I pronouncing that right? Yes, oh thank god These Solanders or is that Salamanders who live here in the Colness named their first born after the central figure of the new trilogy of films Anakin Skywalker Does he float like a Mark Hamler what he is Darth Vader, but now yet I told Jesper you can pick the name of if it's a boy And I'll pick him that's who rolls his lean to Solander 21 and works in the video store We've been so excited ever since we heard that we're new Star Wars movies coming up that went Jesper said let's name Anakin I said yeah, that's perfect He's our own little Jedi says Jesper 21 a computer consultant for Antex a computer systems integrator a Star Wars band is a computer geek It says his nursery is a shrine to the universe that George Lucas created action figures posters stuffed dolls a Darth Vader phone They're all in there. All right So when we were let's get back to that Mark Hamler accident, okay? Isn't when he was born? I think that was the year He's all right 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless wine Here's uh, oh, here's our X none. Hi there. How are you? I have the total I have the absolute The real reason why people think that millennia starts in the year 2000. Yes because different brainwashed I think so then the Christians will come across one nothing happens on the year 2000 They very won't show up and the world won't come to an end and they'll have one more chance and they'll say hey You know was right after all right. Yeah, then all of a sudden. I'll see you know something How do we think about it? I'm against your way exactly and then they can start planning for it again It's their hoarding all the food and crap again. There you go. Uh-huh. That's it. Great See you in clear water. There you go. Bye. Bye. She's on a side of the bank builder right now Virgin Mary She ain't gonna be around for like about a year and a half. I would say and then she's gonna be everywhere She'll be at their time square in fact on the on January 1st when the big ball drops there in time square Virgin Mary's gonna make her appearance there 2001 not 2000 but 2001 Virgin Mary will pop up their right next to Dick Clark for some other dick right there in time square 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line this this show today has been like one of the caller said one of the greatest Learning tools in the history of the human race If you wonder why people are so intractable and so convinced that their cock guy cock Many of you of everything that's going on around him is is right. I mean forget about it But I could bring in a rock a brick and have a better chance of penetrating it with the with words than this crowd today Here's a mobile and open lock. Hello. Yes, hello Neil. Yes, sir. A long time listener first time call us. All right. Yeah Something to say about this time When time started it was there was no zero it started one day deep because that's a first year that your living in this call the first year one a b It's a u zero that would mean time stand still or time to make this So you have to start with one yeah, what the when the year two thousand stars that is a two thousand two year that became To January first two thousand is really the first month in the 2000 year right it's not the end of the millennium until December 3rd of first year Amen that's so simple God bless you. Yeah, any food could understand that right we need to strike somebody's people around and And you can stop Lord we need to go out in the front lawn and choke on the chicken right okay. God bless you sir Okay, there you go. There's a guy he even he knows it. I mean 567560 pound five 60 on he is shame on some of you people out there shame on you Especially the ones so wow. We're not right here laughing at you because you're so f and stupid Yeah That's right you're you're the ones that are in the the whole world is out of step and you guys you're the ones who are in line everybody else is out of line You're in step your goose step into it Be that as it may you can't change human nature you know you can't change the fact there's a lot of real boat Bozos out there they're all from the new Unlight I'll be Like their We're all right, no we're all. Stop, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, that's what we live for. We know our monster, he's too tired again. Stop, oh, good guy Joe, we shall welcome Jedha, bring all the software. I don't want to say we got stubborn people out there. Wait for the year this fast. Mr. Rogers, just as decades beginning with 1950, 1960, 1970, et cetera, our considered the 20th century, the methodology applies to the year 2000 as being year one, which we say. See, they're all in a happy continuing mixing apples with oranges. Decades are groups of 10 years that begin with the same number. Fifty through 59, that's 10 years of the 50s. Decades just a 10 year stretch. You could say 1995 to 2005, that's a decade. But they're talking in terms of, you know, it is not common common terminology. The 50s, the 70s. Okay, that's the year that began with the year five or seven or whatever decade you're talking about, which is also artificial group. Exactly, you can create any, you can clump together and lump together any groups of years you want and call it whatever you want. It's got nothing to do with the measurement of time. A millennium, I'm a thousand years. Okay, so the NASA scientists are wrong. Every one of these other articles is wrong. Oh, no, the year 2000 of this being one. No, it's not. 2001 is one. Why do they call us 2001? That's one. Oh. Five, six, seven. Oh, five, sixty. pound five, say, oh, thank heaven for seven, eleven. That's what I want to say right now. I don't know why. I just came to mind. Oh, thank heaven for seven, eleven. I feel like a big gulp right about now. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. All right. I'm going to try to put the name on the call. Oh, just another schmuck. Yeah. This is the hottest thing since, uh, jalapeno peppers. This is insane. jalapeno peppers. These people that are calling in with this age thing talking about say, I'm 30 years old. Okay. That means I've lived 33 years and I'm in my 34th year. Okay. And they're trying to apply that to a calendar. That is not so. Yes, I am in my 34th year because I am 33 years old. However, when one specifies a date in the quote, uh, Regal term, you would say today is May 14th in the year of our award 1999. We haven't had 1999 years. We are in the year 1999. Right. Which means. At the end of December 31st of midnight, we were all completed in 1999 years. Exactly. And if you want to complete it. We're on our official government this calendar. That's correct. And in order to complete it, In the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end, in the end. We're supposed to be. Okay. That three hours and 17 minutes later, we're still here discussing. They should tell you there is no hope for the human race. None. There are idiots. Right. Follow us now. God bless you. Wow. Exhausted. I'm serious. I feel I'm going to go home and take bottles of vitamins. Not, not in particular. Just handfuls. Hands full. Because I've had my hands full today, all day with this crowd. It is so complicated. Oh, you don't understand. It's loose of her down there with a red tail of the pitch for it. And God did this. And Moses did that. Let me just give you a little piece of advice. So I'll give people out there, especially you were spiring. Or aspiring to be anything. Don't ever waste your time trying to change human nature. I came to this time 23 years ago. Made a bad mistake. Thinking that I was going to go on a year and be like some kind of a cave crusader without the cave. Without my cape on. And all I could say was, oh, hey. And then after a short time, I realized I was talking to a hundred year old people who only care about was the notch and the early bird dinner. Those are the only things they carried about. The notch and the early bird. And how much sweet and low can we steal and silverware before Pumpernix will finally go out of business. And they found out by the way and corkies. That was it. And I'm sitting here trying to change human nature. What's the point? I'm just sitting here now with my whole new attitude. I get a little smile on my face. I'm a disciple of guilty. Yeah, I had a, I had a, you know, this guy that called before it's looking for a Closen for T-Romes. I had my own religious experience in the team. I might hear a QA a few days ago. A religious experience in the Turlet. What was it? Yeldy said. Eeeeh. I said, you know something guy, Danny, you got a point. And I'll I say. Eeeeh. Yeah. Here's a four miles. Hello. Yeah, Neil. You think you're bad over there? We were like the Chaps. That's children for Miami. Yeah. It's the dog was peeing. We would be the tree. Uh-huh. It is that bad over there. And the fire hydrant. Yeah, the only thing that can make you study. There's a lot of people at the farm farm carpet. If you would play an A-ness. Play one. Play with Uranus? You got Indus song. Okay. I work on it. Which it? Okay. And then one more thing? Yes. When you have a stop line. Why? What do you like my A-ness? I like a lot. Okay. If you could play with an A-ness, you don't play with that. Okay. When you have a stop line, what do you have? What does it say just before you push the button to say go? What does that have to do with time? It says zero. do with what we're talking about. Well, that's not a calendar though is it a calendar. No, it's not. No, it's not. I will not tell you, Rannis. See, he just talked to yourself out of him. He just don't know how to work. You want to start bringing in all these extraneous things. Like I said, I was in a great mood right up until I call from the guy damn West Coast when he started bringing in. All of these things. That happened nothing to do with what we're talking about. Get out of your stopwatch, power if you like. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm still waiting for somebody to call and tell me what a Roman is a new world of zero looks like. I've been all over Rome all over Italy. I've seen every one of those old buildings has got the year that it was built right there. She's not into the side of the building. I have yet to see anything that even resembles a zero. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm sorry. I don't know what a Roman deer looks like. Right. And forgive that guy for four miles. You can't help it. Can I ask you, I have to have a question on embarrassed to ask it. Come on. I don't be embarrassed. How can you be embarrassed on a day like this? Well, I really don't have to do a time. I don't want to keep being at dead horse. You know, watching a DC district of Columbia, right? Yes. What is Columbia? What would the hell do we have to do with Columbia? And I know it's not the country because it's spelled different. Well, that's where the good drugs come in there for free. They have free the import of good drugs from Columbia. Well, seriously. What is that? What is one? What is Columbia? Columbia's right next to Venezuela. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Fund. Can I just, I will never leave this building. I don't think I'll make it out the door. I'm going to get in my hands and he's in crawl around in the halls going. I'm really like that. Okay, now let's see. Here's what it says completely irrelevant to the days topic. But I'm pissed off and fired up too much ago. I won $100 from sour 96 by being one of nine colors of planning and designated song. I'm going to receive the check. God, damn it. You're always complaining about mismanagement within your radio stations and now I understand why. I guess that's the Greg Reid-Effing way. Please remind those people on the hall to keep their promises and send prizes immediately not sooner. All the best you enjoyed sign Mike. Well, good like Mike. If you look to the year zero, maybe that's when you get your check from Greg Reeves. And those liars, those gray robbers down the hall at $3.96. I like that. I like that though. I'm going to start using that. I'm going to start with $0.96. Excellent job, Mike. 560, 0.560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. We're doing the big zero here today, baby. Oh, big zero. Which fits right into this town. Where time stands still for all men, women, dogs and children. Here's a mobile and blatant beach, hello. Neo, you were killing me today. Yeah. You were so wide on. I don't understand why nobody can get out. Right on about what? Like one and one is two. I mean, I mean, you know, something this works so well. So they Monday, I'm going to come out of 10 o'clock. See, one and one is two. I'm going to have like four hours worth of these calls. Oh, no, you're wrong. No, but you know what's great. It is killing so much good time. I know, right. This is beautiful. And an effort to kill. I want to tell you, this is the hottest response I've had in ages. Oh, since the 80s, that's right. That was probably the hottest since before the assault started. That was the hot. That's good, right. But in an effort to just kill some more time playing, you're getting that much closer to get that out of there. Yes. The new decade, or the new centuries, would begin at like 101, 201 and so on. Right. So basically, over the last 2000 years, we've lost 20 years somewhere along the way. So it's really going to be 1980, right? Right, exactly. Exactly. I'm going to go back to my garden. Reagan's going to back again, oh, no, please. Oh, you have Thorpe Bell Bottoms and everything. Oh, God. And I was seven these. No, but you're really in your 30s, no, no. No, great. I'm going to go out and take advantage of it. Thank you. Thanks for your reminder. I figured you're all ready. Thanks, I feel about 150 after this show that I feel drained. This has been a really unbelievably draining experience. And I haven't even, yes, from that great thing from Dunkin' Donas. That was very good, by the way. Thanks, guys. Why are those guys so nervous? What is this thing about everybody? So scared of Neil. I'm just a very low key guy. Walk around the hallway in his morning. I come in here. I don't say, you know, hang out in the start with Struple out of crap. But these people out there, they're like cowering. Like I have this tremendous power. Like I'm going to come on here in the Rippen, like St. Astya the day. St. Ast. And by the way, just so book of Ryanville feels so bad. I love my new CD burner. Oh God, that's one of the best investments I ever made. But you know, something? There's another example. I'm not talking about the St. Ast people in the fact that that particular story, they know how to do business from their ass. I'm talking about the fact that the people calling into the end of that show, oh, and you know, only certain, this will work in that thing. And you've got to go to sound advice. They are all crap. All duty, baby. Oh, you got it. I'm like I said, read the manual. Don't listen these idiots out there. Read the freaking manual. I mean, the Philip's people I made it. They might have some idea of how it works, maybe. Any CD that's got that logo on it that'd be portable. They're shows you to picture it. A goddamn logo doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out. It says you do have to wait till the year 00 to get them. But nevertheless. Here's Miami. Hello. All right, man. Okay, I think we have a bit of a decondition here. I think we have a decondition here. How do you kind of fraction? You pass from one, zero, one, two, three. That's, you know, that's low. Relicol the convolution. Zero, one, two, three as fractions. That's right. That's how the kind of thing you have before. So give me a fraction that's got a zero in it. Okay. You decide like a tenth. Give me a fraction that just has a plane zero in it. No, we pass from the zero. Yeah, but with any of you said fractions, but tell me one fraction and has a zero. And I'm throwing it. And I'm just doing it. You got to say that. You said fractions, zero, one, two, three. That's right. I'm very okay. Get out of here. You screaming again. Go, go, go, go, go, chicken. Get out of here. Go get on a goat. Go get on Billy. Let's go. 125, with 560 WQAM. If Friday you wear shoes. Get out. And you keep a lot of rant on. I'll dry. YQK. It goes off. Oh, ok. I'll keep your go on. YQK. If we go on. Everybody's gone. YQK. You go on. I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous, I'm a little nervous I'm a little nervous And you know when you're from right out of the bottom line I'll just hold a discussion that's going on but it's heated hysterical discussion You know what the real answer is? Who gives a crap? You know what I'm saying? What the F difference does it make? You know? Who gives a flying about when to held up the next medium starts It's just a point It's just a throwaway point It's nothing to get all exercise about And so I kind of about things that people lot of care about Is this vitamin-estown? No, but this man This is bigger than goddamn Exfiles! This is how big this thing is Here's a moral table So why I almost just hung up Could you take all the words right of my mouth there Neil? I mean like, what is the point? I just hold a conversation I must admit I don't know, I think I missed the show today I must have done something early and it must have been fantastic But I missed it Well, they'll if a young floor to gain their team I'll get a very young floor to gain their team If they win a national championship this year Is that the last national championship of the 20th century or the first of the 21st? It depends on whether they had the horses to do it or not Have a great life now Yeah, the team that has the horses there Oh, yeah, well, what does that mean? Don't throw us to all those cliches there Not all of you sports nerds A very young floor to get your team We've had dramatic sound in his voice But this was something that really had some significance Some meaning and history of the human effing race 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, pound, 5, 6, 6, you know I got news for it If that sparks team loses tonight, you know I don't want to die round ball team What are these guys that got to be peeing in their pants Praying that they win at least one more game Because if a show ball is over in this time for the year What are they going to be talking about now for the next for months? April 15th whatever that day is there And if they'll draft that's coming gone They've knelt that they'd drained it They squeeze it for every ounce they could get They didn't know about the hockey playoffs And the people here that work here don't know anything about it Anyway, I mean, what are these people going to be talking about? That's their last gas for the sports nerds Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good sir Catch it, stop it for a minute Please, please Oh man, yeah I'm watching you talk to play First of all, let me just sound a spink I'm excited about the hockey Right Watching that game of the state just broke And just single my toes Watching Burger Bears and then get that rebound And just knock it in How do you like that he hits the first one off the post And I thought, guys, before I had a chance to even get depressed about that He had it in the net Exactly man, you remember a couple days ago when that call was going Oh, that's indeed he can't even He's in a little slump and he's not What is that? What is that? What is that? He's in the challenge baby, Matt Chazir And Lonnie Bahanes and you know it's interesting to notice that Every move, I mean, you know, either their geniuses Or lucky this year, but every move that the elusive made this year Mike Smith and Pat Quinn has turned the goal They bring that mayor kid in because Steve Sullivan was He gets his first ever goal the other night And he's giving Bahanes up for the miners and put him on At line take a moden off of there He gets a, just how does it pistol Everything they've done is what's going to not great You know, you know, you're pissed me off One night I was listening to JD and the rim drop Yeah, on that late night You can tell whatever I don't know what's called In health resistance JD walls, you know, the maple leaves that I'll have defense to defend against the pistol Ping wait, I want to be pretty good Now that you know what, Mike Quinn always comes up with Some, some power, some where he comes up with Strattitude man, he's a trap Well, how does he think they got through the 82 games? I mean, they got the same defense now They had all season long and they're good They've got defense being that Kujo bail's amount And that's what he's up back there for But yes, when you only come up with 14 shots Like the penguins last night, he don't have to do too much What they are going to get credit for those, you know, mighty Quinn man He's come up with a strategy with them You know, you got to stop yogger once or twice Yes, but he's going to score a goal I mean, or he's going to have an assist He's going to have at least two points in these playoffs Yeah, regardless of how many games there are You know, why are you? God bless Quinn Hey, listen, and once again You uh, you did it right on the money I do the vehicle, he's choking Do the choke, he's sticking again Exactly, once we won't see him anymore, okay pal Better, go leave school Hey, we actually had a spik hockey fan there I'll thank God for a little rest, a little A little delineating moment there in history of our lives 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 So anyway, that monk biggest dick is he was the one that got that thing going The sun dial I wonder if sun dial was there Check it out the sun dial I'm sure, I don't even know if I'm going to make it to a club I mean, just expire here right the flat on the desk before to it This has been so innovating Here's a lady in Davy, hello Here I'm fan Okay, thank you Nice hearing from you Here's Boke, hello Hey, how you doing? Okay First a couple of things, hockey, like hockey Yeah, the hockey playoffs are great There's nothing like them, all these people that are He'd think is basketball fans don't know about hockey They don't know about light, they don't know about nothing Screw them anyway Back to your sort of subject about the calendar First of all, I'm a math major, so I know about the number system The room is never had the zero when they meant to the calendar Right because they didn't have the number, it didn't exist It didn't have numbers The first culture that had the zero, the absence of value with the lions The Romans had nothing to do with that Now when you say, somebody says what the year is It's 1999, it's not the complete answer It's 1999 AD Well what is the AD stands for? George knew this, you know, the AD stands for Neil I'm a reading of five, oh add domino Right, it's anodomino in the year of our Lord Yes So would it make sense to say, well of course men, you know, of course People are going to like this, the Jesus Christ of the answer I know you all like that, I don't like it either But I don't really spend a lot of time worrying about things I don't even think that it's just like this whole business with, I mean, I can understand the computer business And why is who came in anybody can understand that's a computer thing But I would not want to know what the hell difference is to make a separate of religious nutcases With all their armageddonable creases Right, what difference is it make current to pay like the calendar? You know, the sun comes up and the sun goes down and the moon and the cockable And that's it, what difference does it make what we call it? That's what it does in artificial designation that we invented I agree with you, I want to put it in a polyporum for a coin I'll order you guys, we get a poem that times a year Hey, if we were also lucky, you know But we don't be croaking from all that so homintosh Yeah, but you know, I'd be worried Anyway, but you know, I mean, I could give a crap either But you know, people, if people want to know, I'll tell them It does it makes sense to say in the zero year of our Lord Yeah, but they also doesn't make That's why it's in the first year of our Lord, you start at one In the second year of our Lord, you do you get a color about a half an hour Go mention it. Okay, quote why your head, please. Okay, begging you, I'm begging you. I'm begging you. I kneel, God, you're great. We love you never we love you Have a great life. Okay, a good life. Okay, three and a half hours ago I said I said this is shocking, it really is. I mean, I'm usually shocked the other way around. I'll talk about Something that I think is really going to be provocative and I'm going to get a response and it's like nothing And all I did was say, okay, we can put this to where I thought I never expected to be talking about this beyond 10 Ed the first break 10 10 that was it there. I had all these are all these things that I wanted to talk about today And we couldn't even come close to getting off of this thing. They're psychotic about it Oh, no, you're screwed up, but all our plans So the first segment of the zero segment is zero segment We got some shows on the investigation every segment is a segment You know, city like magazine just named Hollywood seminal gaming the best place to gamble in town for the fourth year in a row This is where the action always goes on and otherwise very deadly place like software We're out the more on my Oh It's a record time I'm gonna pick up my shoes Drop off my dress It makes me wet when I see you guys I'm gonna break the big four by mouth I want to Mercenary and a top of you and take it up my move from Tated to you Back to him Gaps me and everything Okay I'll be through the wall He R E T D I over I want to train your ball I want to love and call the opposite way to the door of the And then I'll give it a blow In the morning it gets as big as it I'd lean and stun the legato Take up and a top on a dress on the surround You're closing to And make your wonder where the flow is Quarce course That's a success And a son's third on five He R E T D I over I want to train your ball One for a four or five fifty WPM We got him a both camper for Hank Goldberg Hanks up in Worsing and Baltimore for the Pregnist tomorrow for a several They event up here And then we got six o'clock Donnie B. Talkin' baseball Is there any interest whatsoever No Well nevertheless we're under contract And plus so maybe we'll even pay the broadcast To you this year You think so No Marlins at Milwaukee tonight They've never beaten the brewer Is there got a shot tonight? Oh well tune in Or not as the case may be Maple Leafs and the Penguins in Toronto Where Canada said it tomorrow night game Number five Just makes it that in passing And of course Buffalo is looking pretty Good there against the Bruins And I'll tell you a bill ran for it I don't know what you're thinking about Scotty Bowman I don't know what you're thinking about He sucked in Boston He sucked in Washington He sucked even Worsing Tampa Bay And now he's really sucking big time Into Troy Bill ran for the human suit Let him right back in there In fact I think the avalanche Are going to like petition league Asked to play all the games on the road Can't win again at home on the road Unbeatable Here's a mobile and four-later nail Hello I got a good nail Yes sir Can I explain this simply Go right ahead Okay There's no confused It's so simple and it's incredible All is trying to say is that It's hard to do 2000 It's going to go 2001 means that the earth has passed Around the Sun on full year Meaning that one full year has passed When you started something You got nothing If you go one That means you have one You hit the earth has gone around the Sun One full time That means it's been one time Then you go So fun That's what it's a whole experience Yeah Yeah What does that know? What does that have to do with the calendar? Well you start the calendar There's no years Let's just say it has a start Now the calendar doesn't start With no years That's the point The calendar started with a year one The amount of the month will be better The whole deal started with a year one It's so if we can then somebody should stop Obviously or whatever But they start Even if they did start with one They did it It's not a question Even if they did They did start with one So one through a thousand was the first millennium That's about a year Okay when you got to 999 years Yeah You go to 1000 And if you used the last number It's 00 It comes after 9 correct What is that happy to do? What does that mean? Well it just means it's the 1000 year Of since time started or since they started recording time It's the year 2000 2000 years That's all it is And then we just finished the year 2000 That will be the end of the second millennium Correct So what's the point? I guess there is a point Just trying to save it Yeah I'm just trying to say that Yeah Earth has gone around the sun 2000 Okay thank you Earth has gone around the sun And don't let your sun go down on him Or something like that 560 560 1060 1080 What's that little symbol on the box? By the way I don't want to go into that Now seriously it's our good friends at the Henry Lee What the hell was the name of that Chinese restaurant before A lot of deal by the way I'll go full on my two-wheeler Great That will be all gone In no time at all Oh look at that beautiful slob slab of meat That's a lovely thing Great Okay don't leave that laying around there I'll leave that raw here Well we got a lot of people here who eat it raw Thank you, son You're a hell of a guy My Argentinian beef with no hormones None of that crap in it Because if you're going to eat meat Eat the good stuff Wait a minute What'd you do with that? Oh no I thought no I thought you were taking the box out Leave that thing in your raw Okay Yeah that's good Yes sir, I'll be flying out of here Thanks son 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T line Here's a what am I doing Here's a mobile and four-later nail Hello Yes sir I turned you all about two and a half hours ago And I just got back to the car And I can't believe it was just so good Oh no this started Four minutes after ten When I said something very simple Very easy to understand I let it out there And infant my little minivan Could have understood it And now all of a sudden these people are whipped up Pupupup They're in a frenzy It's makes perfect sense What you said I don't understand what people have such a high time understanding it Because they got this zero thing They have a zero-mostell mentality I don't know what it is But they're hooked into that zero Well we've been referring to this century It's the 20th century I mean what does that mean And these people These people I keep talking about birth And if you are 35 years old okay On the last day before you turn 36 That means you will have lived 35 years Am I correct? That is correct But the same with the counter It applies the same thing At the end of a thousand years That means we've completed a thousand years of recorded time Not one thousand years starts But at the end of that thousand year That means the completion of a thousand years of recorded time And the same as the end of 2000 years Another one at the end of the year 2000 the 734's 2000 at midnight Yes So the third millennium Like everybody else with the brain Says Starts January 1st 2001 Anybody knows that But don't try to tell these people that They're psychotic about it They're losing it Has there ever been a subject or no No No Absolutely not No Well I understand what you say in the open Thanks man Thank you God bless you There's one There's one There's one And the rest of them are all still out there Worked Oh and not School and eight shots It's a 10-Hill 2 With five 60 QA