Had a chat with the young priest in Rome who said the Holy Father agrees with your audience by the way that Ainal is definitely the way to go That's what he said Pope is big on the rectum if you see lately gigantic huge one And I'll tell you what else they're big on over there is Viagra. Oh my god That's all are hot gonna try to get about over there And you know if those old priest are gonna keep up with those young altar boys Gonna take gonna have to be popping a lot of goddamn pills They're not acting in the church which by the way. I don't want to start on an anti-catholic or anti-religious note I got a great book Which this is actually a book you can buy here. I would assume Cuz usually like at these funky books like that, you know the farewell to God that tumbled in book well You have to call Canada. You have to do this here and this book I'm sure it can actually buy here Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black Morality codes Catholics and the movies Now I picked this up and I leave you and I said this book is for me god, damn it This is exactly what I've been talking about See what I don't understand is how come when the Pope comes here? Isn't this isn't the Pope a Catholic? How come when he goes to Cuba? He comes here. How come that's a big story? How come when some Hindu bastard comes you get like two seconds on the news? How come when some of the old Jew comes here? They get like 15 seconds on the news But everywhere the Pope goes and I hate to break the news to you the Catholics are not a majority in the world I won't say anywhere in the world because unfortunately Latin America Where the reproducing like rabbits yes they do happen to be majority of big majority net's idea in Italy They think the majority of the majority but still most of the people and by the way I found out also from another young Catholic in Italy Guess what you know all those people all those Getskis at Sunday Mass of the Vatican 80% of them are Americans Tourista yeah 95% of them are tourists to begin with but 80% of them are Americans Democrats who got this religious thing hanging around the hill like a guy they now betroth and the Italians They're they're given the old the Italian salute. They're given the Bafangula's what they're given them and rightfully so But you know I'm reading this book about the Catholic Church in about the Catholic League of decency and all the other crap And I'm thinking of myself as I'm reading it who they how are they? To dictate what the hell belongs in the movies around the era or any other goddamn thing for everybody See they don't want to just dictate for themselves for their own lemons and little sheep that come along They've been doing that for centuries with that book list. They got you know with all the band books Like Graves of Roth stuff like that they think of that was Jewish But they're running around telling everybody in the goddamn world and they're on the minority Buddhist put them to shame for Christ's and Thank God while I was gone we didn't have no religious insanity in the world. Thank God for that That you know crazy countries like Indian Pakistan were testing nuclear weapons while I was gone Thank the Lord for that. We had an important crap going on in this station the Marlins were losing every day Huh right got all this good stuff in here in this great great book which ought to be going out and getting it Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black And by the way, the the thing I was looking for before it's called the index liberal For him aatorium But you like that for him a tour of excuse me a list of band publications This has been going on for centuries Sancturase in which the Catholic church has been banning books and giving a list of band publications to their lending to their sheep to their followers to their goose peppers Catholics at one time another have been forbidden to read Dante's the divine comedy fielding Tom Jones Flaubert's man and Wolverie Hawthorne's the Scarlet letter Victor Hugo's late Missouri and voyage Don Juan The list was wide-ranging and brought together under a heading of a mixture of political philosophers all deemed dangerous to Catholic minds Confucius Lenin Vladimir not John that is John Locke John Stuart Mill Thomas pain John Jacques Rousseau trotsky and Voltaire The list of forbidden volumes represented the world's great seminal ideals and philosophy economics and social theory Contemporary novelist on listen clearly John those pass-o steater or drizer William Faulkner or just heading away and sit clear Lois all those companies to bath their title like that and you assholes continue going there and lending them your tangible support And they keep telling you on an all why they don't want the members of their flock to read that material Because then they might be able to use their brain They don't want them exposed to any other kind of ideas except the craft except the horseman or that their brain washing it Their minds and of course we see it again today. Oh Let's so you know we have all these horrible things when I was school kids killing each other So it must be because the movies that if the Jews that are making those movies in Hollywood That's what they were saying back in the 30s in this book by the way virulent anti-semitism that made Hitler look like a like a But they'd worth remember that's how anti-semitic the church was then and guess what they still are and they got plenty of company Like Dr. Kennedy up there at Carole Ridge Presbyterian church with his virulent anti-semitism Parading the same stuff that I'm reading in the book that was said back in the 30s about those Jews those movie makers those the generates and by the way Dr. Kennedy one of your musicians in the Carole Ridge Presbyterian church is a saga. Oh no, yeah I get it on firsthand information Here's I yeah nobody cares about that crap here's a mobile and I could show me hello Yes, sir. How are you? I'm butlo butlo does what I feel like saying oh I'm a Julio and I heard you're a tape slash week and it was all about anal and anal Yeah, yeah, I'm y'all wound up over the weekend. I bet and I'm married to a Julio Yeah, that's it and I heard over the weekend I mean over the last week the tape some guy saying that they don't like to do it. It's true They're not into it heavily, but even the right conditions Yeah, I kind of like that they get into it and you kind of have to take it You know, you can't expect it every time it It'll have a lot of face it. I mean Cuba women of all of a woman in the world what a waste of a big ass that would be you know I'm saying I want to come find this waste of a gigantic round record This amazing volatuous, you know circular pattern with a big brown eye winking at you and you know You cannot help but get wanting to go in there really Well, you know the exploration party pal will follow later, maybe Anybody in there we know Like yeah, and the thing is you know who yes will give it up once in a while and maybe you'll be You know whatever the barometric pressure right away Okay, so the Pope has definitely acknowledged why was an Italy who was making the speech of the Sunday sermon The people were like just peeing all over themselves because the Pope said Neil is right aimless the best He all he actually acknowledged. Yes. He did But he would like to give a receipt both. Oh, there you go. I mean, you know I don't like to receive I never tried it. I don't think that will but if your woman you know gives it up on to the wild Take it for what if you're the first thing that the the vicious teach the altar boys that giving is the the art of giving is what it's all about It's a by eye, but the art of receiving it to bed either My wife gets it up. I just say I take a except it as a precious gift from heaven. There you go and You know my child just so forced it if you know what I mean exactly And back to it Oh Leave it to that little pervert George I heard Spirey porch about this is that he was playing all kinds of tapes all weekend long about Back to on and on and on that was by popular demand Yeah, right week the whole week they're demanding it and from the son of it They're getting it and liking it by the way Very important thing that almost forgot about speaking of Iagra do not do not ever Pop of Iagra just before you go check out a glory hole, okay? Why? Well, that's a beer. I just that's our poll question in the day. I mean P.O. L.E. That's our poll question today anybody ever gets stuck in a glory hole Oh, no, no, no, certainly you've read about couples where the man in the woman have gotten stuck? No, yeah, man in a woman. Yes, man in a dog. No a man in a woman man and a woman. Yes Get stuck stuck. No. Yes. See you're in denial We're gonna have to go through another week of this again and they have to call about her a medic because A mental emotional contraction and expansion and whatever I'm not gonna draw you a guy damn dire for him But the same thing with this glory hole business, you know sometimes there are guys usually they overestimate their own prowess But once in a blue moon they underestimate and they take a look at that little hole at some pervert is drilled in there at home depot With a drill that we certainly hope he bought in store That's the least you can do at least is patronize the guy damn stir if you're gonna dick around your in their Men's room hope you didn't put it back on the shelf What about the drill but at any rate so you know you look at that hole and in the beginning it looks like it's gonna be large enough to mess around with whoever's on the other side And then all of a sudden oh my god is that expansion begins is that Viagra kicks in you got a real Major problem This is portraitio five sixty You a Oh Sony sports showdown are you up to the challenge Saturday morning today only on sports radio five sixty two a Hi, Felicia. G. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? I thought you being had and shoulders a long time ago I mean honestly who grows here on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right so what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those added it's just called Let's tell them about your Where could I get dead lots of places chick you can put up by my place later And I'll be happy to give you 10 in 15 minutes. I'll have you shampooed Siles and blown dry Now that all chicks my dress sets there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10 Dollies that price everyone should be getting hand That's right, Jack when you say had used that amount for a pie I'm Dr. Raymond Balottie from the You should get him first at lubricate each limp hair follicle leading an erect listening shaft Then the scalp natural oils are sucked out of the root leading your hair soft shaman and exhaustive nothing does the job like head Great Can I get head from my hairdressen brood probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first You Want here with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head available to price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day Honey Who can you go out and get some head? What did you say I said I want you to go out and get Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. I'm going down down And that makes a great holiday gift my wife gave me some death then I gave her a pearl necklace I've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to get me head then we got married Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress I Head shampoo come on give it a shot My hair looks great Well, he was alive back in 1489 he was a little guy who's been four foot five I'd around in basically with a couple of kids and he was in charge of a Vatican. Oh Oh Both fires young You see the folks is free to get married back then and spread the money round to their offspring and kids So the factors at the Vatican may marriage is in and he's exposed the problem for us and in him Oh, yeah Let's get in the secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then They all dressed in drags that helped you did his cause of anyone found out he'd lose the game both young Both fire John One Wendy's day is dressed new up in the gut if someone else Hey, that guy has no done and like Marilyn Monroe is curfew low-dye and everyone knew it was the end of the line for both John And Paris didn't worry the bank would go broke the Vatican Jimmy's meltdown hole is smoke from history Spend doctors had this a race to not long after they had the streetly replaced both John Both fires young They'd bury him or her out of public view and a tomb held together with Scott's taping blue These few words are written on his tomb. We pray that everybody will forget about you Oh, five In 1992 Roger Mahoney Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles told the Hollywood anti-pornography coalition that the motion picture industry was an assault against the values Helped by the vast majority of the people in American society. This is a Roman Catholic Cardinal by the way of Los Angeles The movie industry he maintained could not continue to hide behind a misplaced cry for freedom of expression To curb the excessive sex and violence in current films Mahoney called for the re-institution of the Hollywood production code Which had ruled the American film industry from its adoption 1930 until it was replaced in 1966 by the current rating system Industry officials expressed this may at this plea to censor the movies not just for Catholics but for everybody Whether you like it or not Cardinal La Honies call for a modern crusade against the movies with no surprise the Hollywood in 1930 another Catholic priest father Daniel Lord What a name huh? That's almost like they'll cut father Daniel Lord Believe that the movies were corrupting American moral values to counter the influence of a moral movies He wrote a movie code that prohibited films from glorifying criminals gangsters adulterers and prostitutes Lords code which soon became the Bible of the production band nudity excessive violence white slavery illegal drugs misogination lustful kissing suggestive postures and profanity from the screen However, went further than simply banning things from films his code also held at film should promote the institutions of marriage in home Defend the fairness of government and present religious institutions with reverence I guess he didn't see the movie priest huh? Thank you, sir huh A basic premise of the code was that movies did not enjoy the same freedom of expression as the printed word of theatrical performances The most democratic law forms had to be regulated Lord argued because movies cut across all social economic political and educational Bomb resettracking millions of people with theaters every week in order to protect the masses from the evil influence of the movies They had to be Oh, it was evil Jew propagandaists who are throwing the people's minds with the truth. I mean with crap With what life was really all about and let me see it again Who the hell is the goddamn catalycturate or these isolated phag priest to be running around? dictating morality and what everybody can see and watch and et cetera What I mean are we out of our minds that this has been going on for like hundred years? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Rodgers I guess I'm one of your religious Pailian colleges attacking in with you just tell you that neither the Protestant nor the Catholic church Teachers what you say about sex and the church Yeah, wrong Oh, all I'd like to say there. Let me ask you this if the Catholic church doesn't teach what I'm saying that sex is for Procreation purposes only if the Catholic church doesn't teach that then how come the Catholic church won't marry People who are incapable of having sex of consummating the marriage. How come they won't marry those people? Because the Catholic church or recognized That sex is just one part of the total trial from okay and What if somebody is impudent? What about if somebody is a quadriplegic somebody can't is incapable of consummating His marriage bothers and having sex does that mean that the church would make those people live in misery? Well, I know plenty of Protestant churches That we're not talking about Protestant churches. You're no Protestant. You're a Catholic. I'm actually a repressive Well, that's even worse. Well, I'd like to say to you that I don't think it's accurate that the Catholic church um Tates is that only that sex is only to make children, okay? Absolutely wrong sir After I will I will I will bring in proof positive tomorrow I will read you from this book which is written by a very firm Catholic I will guarantee you be on a shadow about those of the teachings of the Catholic church Well, so George is getting psychotic Hispanics calling off the ear or very upset about the Catholic comments I made today all religions are bookwrap at the Catholic church. He's got a special place. That's right There are some religions that are bullcraft, but they're just basically benign, but the Catholic church is malignant malignant and if you want to be a sheep If you want to believe this crap this bullcraft that's being taught you by a bunch of silly old men and dresses Then be my guess or by a bunch of silly old bull dikes who look like penguins on a bad day Do you have any kind of a mind any kind of a brain just a little tiny one? Oh, oh, I'm sorry excuse me But you gotta keep reproducing and don't forget no sex if you're not gonna be making lots of babies, okay? You know what I'm saying? Huh? Because we don't want to get you'll pop up this stuff Because that's when he starts, you know making sure that the weed that is going around is really bad really Rotten to the core like him. You want the good weed you better just quit making all the hanky pecky Just go back in your house and make babies like Martha Jean the queen said in Detroit in 1967 when they were burdened the city down That's what the Pope keeps telling all these poor slippers all over the third world go make babies go make babies That's right and then we got all the fetus huggers running around you know spreading their thing They love that fetus. Oh by the way my special commendation to what's the guy's name that asshole on channel 4 Dave The one that's always out there with a tie. Oh, what the hell is his name somebody will you don't know? Yesterday they had that story about the woman that's student from the railroad train on the tracks and got killed You didn't see that story. Didn't make the papers today. I didn't see it. This was on the six o'clock news last night Dave Nelson is that the guy in channel 4 another brilliant question He's talking to one of the cops who's investigating this thing and there was also a fetus On the tracks. Okay, so it was like they think that she just did their committed suicide and that's like two people are dead because of the fetus and Dave Nelson says Any idea how old the fetus was Now I want you to keep in mind, okay This is a woman and a fetus who have just been run over by a railroad train. They go two to train, okay Anybody ever ride on a two to train? Yeah, any idea how old I said that's almost like Larry King asking that poor girl who's the boyfriend It just been shot and murdered up there and oh, I got you're gonna be at the funeral tomorrow No, stupid. I'm gonna have a no sale at pennies ass. Oh, I'm going out to Miami address What Dave Stanley. Thank you whoever called. Thank you for refusely. Here's Volca. Hello. Yes, sir Okay, are you great? I'll be show. I said to say what's up with the people around the state Or actually lost weekend about a protesting didn't me and gay and Barnes Noble on all this stuff What's with the religion? I mean, seriously people are crazy. Yeah, that's right You just said it. We ask you to rhetorical question. Oh, yeah, they are crazy Religion is just a justification for hatred. That's all this if a legitimization of hatred Whatever they might be I believe you 100% and I had this idea I want to do the so bad next next on the go up there and put it. I want to go up Go up there and push one clown suit put us them, you know and like make them feel really stupid Of course, then we'll plot the Bible and leave it at me and say no you're wrong First of all, let me ask you don't they understand all those religious those right wingers that they're not welcome at Disney World anyone That's a gay club you more That's right, they're not welcome there. Okay, but you have foul. I want one for you. I'm asking yes 2000 when you get my friend will fight you to run a friend in their cult and you know get 10,000 people Remember should that a picture or extra $1 or $1 or $1 or $1 or $1 Do it on the internet man. You'll have a shit do it on the internet man You'll have a million by the end of the week. Okay, good luck God bless you there you go There's a junior we have an open line in Broward five six have you had a smoke your pot and suck your whatever It was whatever that was he was thought that was good. That was excellence sir after your horse. Oh F my horse. I didn't do no horse Not a one there were a lot of heterosexual people over there doing horses You know those hookers in the windows in the red light district lots and lots didn't do no horse Sir hate to break the news to you and if I did I'd proudly come back and you'd like a list was he over there doing people is that what is it? Oh, no, here's a mobile and candle hello Congratulations on what on your reach on my race. Yeah, my way. Oh, go on Neil my name is roll second time caller. Yes, I'm a Christian now used to be a Catholic But I'm a Christian what is that mean you're a Christian Christian Christian I don't believe in a lot of things that I'll Catholic do like the Virgin Mary etc Uh-huh and I'm a Cuban I don't like giving it to the butt and I sure love eating fucking okay Great, okay another a cat lover for him and he's a Christian well That's so what it's all about he's a Christian baby and he said he loves See is what he said. Well, you can't say that on here, can you? I mean James Bond pussy galore You could say that but you can't see what he said but he's a good Christian and he's a whole the old What do you want? He's these that are maniac he's got a habit. He's he's hot blooded It's in his blood baby. Just wait till those blood test results come in roll. You're in big trouble Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer at your listing to it Goldham week they happen to ever do sports radio five sixtie Qdf Socket in and holding Zero Oh I find another soul, now something like that we roll, it gets locked down, all right up and there is, I think the hell is right up and down, I find another soul, now something like that we roll. Shopping can I move on? Let me just put out. Shopping can I come in? I use a must-to-coat, I use a bean-to-coat, I use a double-coat, I find a sale ban, I want to find a bargain, I find a bargain that I want to buy more. Shopping can I come in? Shopping can I come in? I find another soul, now something like that we roll, it gets locked down, all right up and there is, I think I'm in the shop, now that's the other sale, I find another soul, now something like that we roll. See what's back in the church? Oh my God. Oh my God. This is a shocking moment for me, I'll say, to get out the crying towel. This is so sad in the church. This desk then, this morning it was announced in Rome that Pope John Paul II has accepted my resignation as Bishop of Palm Beach, from the court with Canon 4.2. This news release, this is the Bishop Joseph Keith Simon II, Bishop of Palm Beach's resignation, sent to the Vatican this morning. I am grateful to the Holy Father for his paternal concern for me and for this church of Palm Beach, which have been privileged to serve for a year, and for having appointed Bishop Robert and Lynch as Apostolic Administrator of the Diabetes. As painful as it is for me and will be for others, I feel it important to make public the reason for my resignation. Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with miners. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I have been succeeding years, tried to live my promises of celibacy and chance, and have immersed myself in my ministry as priest and as bishop. Another word is Father Old School. I have prayed each day for these persons in their family because it is a memory for where the witch I have lived for far too long. There's no fact in the church. I apologize to all whom I have heard in any way and if by the section in my sixth scribber tool, emotional and psychological comfort and anesthetism, then this painful moment for the church and for me they prove to be beneficial but let's not hold our breath. If you can find it in your heart to pray for me, I seek those prayers and I shall be comforted by them. If you can find it in your heart also to forgive my fettings of the past, I shall be grateful. At some of the time, I hope the people of God and the church upon be told to be able to appreciate what I have attempted to accomplish while serving as your bishop. As I take leave of you, I express my heartfelt gratitude to the priest that begins the seminarians, the religious and the altar boys of course, and lay aty, who have collaborated with me in building the local church into a vibrant caring, dioscess and family. May God grant us every needed grace at this moment and throughout the month ahead, says Bishop Joseph Keith Simon in his cheerful resignation to the Holy Father in Rome this month. Don't forget. Take the bag, move into church. Oh, right. So anyone, how do you like that? Another one of those isolated incidents. God, I can't get over that. Another child molesting priest can't be true, can it? No, of course not. We're propaganded from those atheist bachelors in the media. The Rogers God. With a little look, and I address, I offer her full number, I offer her which is what you want to know, please. But my anatomy, you said a God a leader, I got somewhere else to be, she said, I'm going to run from you. Don't know, but I can't go through, you know, that's it. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. You know, it's just gone down. I made the irony, the fact that this book, women's sexuality and the Catholic Church by Yuda Rankai Heinemann is on Penguin books. I was just thinking about those nuns in their Penguin outfits, and this is on Penguin books. You're so mysterious. Oh, God. Told ya. It's on Penguin books. There's a very interesting last paragraph, and you're rather long paragraph, but nevertheless, it says during the trial of Galileo, Cardinal Bellar mean who played a decisive part in the trial, and he played on April 12, 1615 to the Carmelite monk Powell, Antonio Foscarini, or he makes great pasta by the way. He wrote to a Powell, he said, to assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin. This equating by the Church of the idea is first that the earth is the immovable center of the universe, and second that Mary gave birth as a virgin means that Bellar means proposition can also be reversed, so that Mary no more gave birth as a virgin than the sun revolves around the earth. Now that the error about the sun can no longer be maintained, and the earth has been given permission to be a planet, the error about the virgin is still to be corrected. For too long human understanding and Christian faith were violated by the false doctrine that the sun revolves around the earth to this day they're being violated by the false doctrine of the virgin birth. How do you like that? Oh, God Almighty. Just something to think about, because we know it's all filthy and disgusting. This is Mary, Catherine, Jesus. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to follow up on the call of the idea yesterday. I was in the car. I had a call yesterday. I remember. I remember. The guy called up and said, what's wrong with people believing in whatever religion they wanted, it doesn't hurt anybody. Right. And I heard that too, and I thought to myself, I got this guy's there, and they have much of a knowledge of history at all. And yeah. Don't you think that since people act under belief, if you've got to get that big billion people wandering around the planet, believing in fantasy, so it's something to that causes some damage. Well, of course, when most of the conflicts in the world, there are two basic things. Two basic things that cause conflict in the world. One is territory, and the other is religious differences. Those are the two basic things that cause all conflict in the world. And religion is the traditionalized nature amongst groups. And for example, if you look in the Middle East and you look at that territory, it's not so much a religion like in Jerusalem. It's not a question of whether it belongs to this one or belongs to that one. The question is, you've got the Muslims, you've got the Jews, and you've got the Christians. And to them, they all think that that's their city, because that's all their holy thing. So, you know, it's insanity. More people are killed every year in the name of religion. You've got the people bombing the abortion clinics in the plant, parenthood clinics. You've got people thrown in the chemical crack in the mailboxes. These people are insane. They're out of their minds. How about people breeding unnecessarily because of religion? Right. Because the pulp is running around and telling them to make more babies. So we have more starvation. Of course, listen, I mean, why should we have to waste their time documenting it? It goes without saying. And that guy is so wippy, huh? I don't think religion is denying his head guidance. It's malignant and have a great day. My malignant friend. We have an open line in Dave one and Brad. That's why I'm talking about it. I mean, if it weren't even worth talking about it, if everybody left each other alone, I don't give a crap what you believe. If you want to believe in little green men on Mars, more power to you, who gives a crap? When people use this garbage, well, the Bible says this and about who the hell wrote that crap? Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy? Are you nuts? The Bible says man, or man, how many times was it translated and twisted and manipulated? And in addition to which who the hell wrote it like this book, I'm talking about today. Women's sexuality in the Catholic Church is it just a coincidence that God created Adam? Is it just a coincidence that men wrote these bubble micees? He didn't bother creating a woman of course because a woman is like an underling or a hundred dog. Whatever it hell at the word is. So will you have a bunch of silly old men wrote this self-serving crap? And then finally in 1920 in this country like what is that? Only 70 years ago, women finally got to write the vote. Huh? And then don't forget about those good old slaves and all the other bull crap. And the people, well, the Bible says, don't you understand your parents 20 out of state of closin the two fairytun? You believe in them? Oh, okay. At least you're consistent. Here's your field beach, hello. More meals, the Bible says the wages of sin are gas. Yeah. And you have wicked blasphemous broadcast. And you're going to, let me ask you something. Are you going to die if you're even a liver ever? I'll look forever. You'll live forever. You'll live forever. You'll live forever. Where are you going to be after you die? Where are you going to be? I'm going to have a drink. Where's that? Well, it's the opposite of where you're going to be. Where are you going to be? Look, tell me where I'm going. I'm not going in the lane. Don't tell me where I'm going to go. Let's hear about what's going on in heaven. Let's hear about what's going on in heaven. What's going on in heaven? What's going on in heaven? Sir, what's going to be going on there? We won't be be burning up in the lake of thought. What are you? No, don't tell me what you won't be doing in Lake of Fire. What are you going to be doing here in heaven? What are you going to be doing up there, sir? What are you going to be doing? And he just keeps repeating the wages of sin or dead. The way just over and over. Hail Mary, holy mother. God bless us. Let's say a bunch of Hail Mary's okay to save this poor son of a bit. Oh, he's not a Catholic. Sorry. I take it back. Just by the time I mean, that was like said from heaven. Immediately if not soon or I get to respond to him looking for from another one of these brainwashed idiots like a parrot. Just, you know, you can teach a minor, burn a repair. But that just repeat the same crap over and over again. So that's our poll question today. How many whole Hail Mary's visit take to keep your ass out of hell? That's our question today. How many Hail Mary's do you have to say to save your God damn eternal soul? You're going to be burdened that lake of fire. Yeah, that isn't that great loving God again that we're talking about. That great God damn loving God whose rats shall wax hot. But God is perfect. He can't have any wrath. Oh, well, those are your, you just shut up. The Lord died God is a jealous God. Now, she'll have to go to God. How can he be jealous to be his perfect? Oh, stop. He's entitled. He's God. He can do whatever the hell he wants. He's. Oh, God. Right. Oh, man. I mean, you're talking about people so God damn dumb that it's, it's pathetic. A fetus has got more intelligence than these people who had whatever brain power they had at births sat from their bodies, just sucked right out of their bodies. Oh, there we go. Talk it about sucking again. Well, hey, it's a works. Through. Wow. You take black men and start one so bad. A fake black man, special in the chocolate window by. Through. Oh wow. You don't think black men in theocolates ball. You don't think black men in the targeted control. You don't think Johnson Bullard's snowman. But if you buy it, you definitely do. Spere each vice, and you think you're happy off your way to the palace. You're not the guy. You're not the guy. You're not the guy. You're not the girl. You're not. You're well. You're the big of a bitch I'm back to. Then I've met your in and cruise up your mind as the way you live. Screw where you are. You get my boat going on in straw. You get rid of your money to hold it in no fair if it's wrong. You've snuck in too much. You just beat my side. Just kind of get a bitch we got. You go out of the blue cloud. You got to take me those edges out of it. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Here's my me like, hello. Pretty good, sir. Okay, I believe in God. Not because I'm brainwashed. I've been in that expist. There has to be something out there. What do you mean out there? What is God? I mean, what is God? What is God? I can't really answer that. That's a bit an explanation for. God doesn't get rid of the devil. Why? What does it mean? What doesn't mean? In other words, cancer and bubonic plague and all these other diseases balance everything out. Oh, is this? And murder and mayhem and wars and nuclear weapons balances everything out. Why didn't God create paradise? Because the world can't be perfect. Why? If God was perfect and he created it, then what you said is like, What's the God in terms? Oh, all the believers will tell you, God is perfect. He's omniscient. He's omniscient. That's God. That's the God of the Graham and the Jews. I mean, it's kind of funny to people call up and argue with you about God and the church. But they know you're native just, but they still listen to you. Yeah. That's what I don't understand. If you're going to be an office somewhere, why are you listening to their program, maybe? Because there's a part of them that loves it. There's a part of their mind where they can't let it sink in, but there's also a part of them where they know it's the God they're in. Oh, sorry. Hey, there. Okay. God bless you, my child. Okay. He's out there. He's out there somewhere. Out there. Is it down there? Oh, we know we're going to be burning in that lake of hell. Because the wrath of God shall wax hot. He is pissed. Oh, he's not pissed at the devil. He's not pissed about all these diseases. In fact, it's God that's always inflicting all these, the the famines and the plagues of the locust and the plagues of this and the flood and kill everybody on the face of the earth. Because he was pissed off. God's can't get pissed off. Only people ever see that pumpers sticker. God don't get pissed off. Only people get pissed off. As in guns, though, yeah, you know how to do. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty. I mean a bunch of silly old archick getchkees wrote this crap. Thousands of years ago to try somehow as here's a guideline for how we should be a little bit less barburek. So here's a bunch of parables. Here's a bunch of bubble micees. Okay. And now we got thousands of years later. People taking this crap literally and trying to interpret it. Oh, yeah. Well, this is a, yeah, must have been this and it must have been Noah. Yeah, must have been a mess on it. God damn arc. How the hell can they have a shovel big enough to clean up all of it on it, Ark. Man, you got to realize you got tigers, you got lepros, you got panthers. Maybe even Kirk Muller was on it on that arc. We can only pray and don't come back. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, silo. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you ever see a picture of Jesus Christ, smile? If you were burning on a cross ahead nails in your hands, you would be a smile. Pictures before the cross. This is like, what do you mean there's pictures? Well, there's few pictures of Jesus Christ and before you got on the cross. He's not smiling. If I had the answer, we'd have to let my son wear those pictures come from when were they drawn drawn by people who believe but went but went. When, whatever, would they ever draw in smiling? They ever drawing happy? Anyway, that's not why I call it. That's what this book is all about about women's sexuality and the Catholic Church. The book is about the fact that Jesus was joyless. Jesus hostility to pleasure. And again, it goes on about the fact that his mother couldn't, she had to be a virgin or highman had to be intact because Jesus never experienced any pleasure in his life. I'd figure it's because you knew what's in heaven. Anyway, Neil, I have, maybe the spice girls were in heaven. These baseball games are going to hurt your ratings. So I have a suggestion. You go on with joy, so you'll take calls between batters and dreams. I think it's a great idea because there's going to be lots of fishing changes and I bet there's some good looking bag boys playing for the marins this year. So you know, you get coaching birds and one of those. Okay, excellent. Let me know what time your per game's on. We have an open line of day 560560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's Carl Sprayn. Hello. Yes, sir. You're the upside to the whole marlins issue. Yes, the cops finally have a team they know they can beat. Yeah, how about Arizona? Well, there's the other upside. Yeah, so now you got to upside. Arizona's one like what? Six or seven games against the marlins this year. They've only one like maybe 15 or 16 all year and almost half of them against Florida. And I have one other question. Yeah, Jesus didn't have sex when he was married. Is that correct? When he was married, when he was married. Jesus was married to his mother. Oh, your mama. Get out of here. You bastard. How do you like that? Jesus was married to his mama. The wondering wasn't having sex. He was trying to be a good boy. Maybe talking about Mary Magdalene that. Oh, he let hook her while. Yeah, Jesus did not experience pleasure. Don't you know, I'm going to have to meet his whole god damn book to you, Mr. He ate Jewish food like I said he ate a lot of stale moths is what he ate. That was that's why was the last supper. He said, fat. He's spent the god damn. That's right. Jesus was thoroughly lust free. Joy the joyless redeemer free from any kind of sin free from any kind of sensual pleasure. Okay. Although Jesus was called a glutton and a tippler by his enemies. How do you like that? That's from Luke 734. And he certainly was not involved in the last and lowest form of human pleasure sexual pleasure. That's right. This is according to a ruling of the district court of Hamburg, Germany in 1981. In the case where they convicted an author for insulting religious creeds and affronting church institutions. And a great bastion of freedom. Hamburg, Germany. Jesus hostility to pleasure at implications first of all for the married life of his mother before his birthday lay down conditions for Mary's being allowed to become his mother. According to the teaching of the church, Jesus would have taken no pleasure at all in the whole process of redemption. And if you would have become man to begin with, or he would have looked for another mother if Mary had taken pleasure in very more children beside himself. This was explained by Pope Syriqius in the fourth century who claimed that in such an event. Jesus would not have accepted Mary as his mother. Jesus would not have chosen birth from a virgin had even forced the look upon her. And so on restraint is to let that womb from which the body of the Lord was fashioned. The hall of the eternal king be stained by the presence of male seed. And he would find tube and seed again. How do you like that? And this was not just the personal opinion of an individual Pope as proved by the Catholic dogmatic theologian Michael Schmous, who says that with his assertion Syriqius was bearing witness to the unanimous teaching of the Catholic church. No hanky panky, no stains of a giant, no broken huff, buster hymon, none of that got it because sex is evil and it's so dirty. Which is why God created in the first place because he likes tempting man all the time. And because, and of course being omniscient he knows what you're going to do. So he likes watching the screw up because it's all part of a big grand plan. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. Is that guy in any of their what? Which one? Mary Mary. He was married to Mary. Mary the mama. What an idiot. Yeah. I just wanted to say I think this is all revolving around money. I grew up in the first day of a Catholic church. Yeah. I went to school on my life at Catholic school. And the minute that you turn away from giving the money, you're out on preach anything about God or Mary, whatever. Right. And it's sick. So you're out. I'm out. I've been out. All right. Congratulations sweetheart. All right. And God bless you. You too. Okay. Hi. There you go. She's out. She got rid of the bull crap. She said this is this is a big scam. It's a big business. By the way, anybody here about that bishop from Palm Beach resigned because he was molested in little kid to sound by the way. What got an update. He's out of town already. Yeah. They gave my head start before they released that. Oh, they put him in the head start program. In other words, so we'll give you a 10 mile head start and then we'll chase you rest down. He's gone. The bishop from Palm Beach. Who this morning, uh, if it turned in his cheerful resignation to the ill-pop a Rome, he'd be gone. Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's no less. That's right. But Ayn Robles announced that Bishop Joseph Keith Simon second bishop of Palm Beach has resigned in Bishop Robert and Lynch has been appointed as Apostolic Administrator of the Diocese of Palm Beach and he released this cheerful statement which I read earlier. Which I'll repeat only one part. He says I feel it's important to make public the reason for my resignation early in my 40 years of pre-sliministory. I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors, not coal minors, but minors, little kid, little boy, little girl. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I've been succeeding years, tried to live my promises of telepathy and chastity and have immersed myself in my ministry as president and bishop and audioist farewell. He's gone. That was a good thing. It's what the Father said. It's not just Neil Rogers on a radio try to make the Catholic church look better. This is a major worldwide epidemic of perverts who are molesting your children. Okay. Oh, we don't want to hear about it. Yeah. All new young people out there stay the hell away from the confessional booth. Okay. When you hear those drilling sounds. When you hear those drilling sounds, I'll tell you right now. That's the time to open up your door on your side and scream out to the Father. You'll live in the glory home and run like a son of a bitch. Yeah, good. Where would we be going? We're going to a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just have been listening for you over the last week or so. I want to weigh in on this anal sex issue. I want to weigh in on it. Yeah. How far in it? Oh, my girlfriend absolutely loves it. Really? Yeah. Well, you've fudge back in. Yes, I am. How do you like that? She as a matter of fact, probably 80% of the sex we have ends up with the final deposit. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's great. Yeah. Yeah. She says that she likes to carry it around with her and actually don't like to sue it. Like a souvenir. Exactly. And she says a lot cheaper than a lot of it. And there's a lot less leakage that way. Right. If you know what I mean. Excellent. And also, I want to talk about the day subject, the religion thing. Yeah. I definitely believe in God. I'm like that guy to call the couple callers a go. I mean, what's what's the sense in, you know, alienating yourself if he does exist. And that's called, he's in your best. Well, exactly. That's not real belief. It's a just in case maybe, okay, I'll say that I believe this crap. What if you pick the wrong one? Yeah, right. Well, there are some things that have happened over the years, not that I'm an expert on it, but I have, you know, heard of some things that sort of imply that there is a higher being out there. Yeah, like those kids that just got shot in Oregon and those tornadoes that just delimit that whole town in South Dakota, things like that. You know, I'm with you in terms of religion age to berkillosis. Yeah. I mean, organize religion to me is nothing but a for profit scam. That's all it is. And the Catholic, let me say it again, if there is a God, why doesn't he eliminate again, because by anybody's definition, any religions God is nipatin. In other words, he's all powerful. He can control everything, okay, you can do whatever he wants. Why doesn't he eliminate to devil. Hey, you know, those people and why was God so disappointed, since he's on mission and knows everything ahead of time, and knows how it's got to turn out. Why in the Bible was he so disappointed with the way that man was behaving that he had to drown everybody and put Noah and these old slippers on on this arc and kill everybody else. He knew ahead of time. I was going to turn out why why would you tempt somebody if you know ahead of time what their choice is going to be agree with you totally. I mean, that's the million dollar question. And this crap about what give man free will. There's no such thing as free will if you're on mission, you know, ahead of time what choice man is going to make. So he created all these pitfalls. He created a devil and then he just hits back and lets it all go on while he's wrapping a hot with his wax doesn't quite seem like the way they represent it. If you look at the Catholic church though, you know, in particular, you can go to any city, anywhere in the world and the most expensive or some of the most expensive real estate in that town or the city. We'll be owned by the Catholic church. Of course, guaranteed. Right. I mean, that that religion has so many holes in it that it's it's ridiculous that even the shroud of terrain, no, don't have as many holes in it. Well, speaking of holes, you know, I just wanted to let you know that the heterosexual community. Welcome is alive and well and we are loving it. All right. Thank you. Keep it up pal. So to speak. Okay. They're doing it in man that anal maybe the back was a good idea. Now watch out for that anal leakage though. Oh, God. In fact, that's what they told me when I was over in the room. I was a couple of days we were in Rome and I said, well, is the Pope to busy for a personal visit today for personal audience. And they said, oh, no, he's visiting the purge unit factory and I said, what's he doing up there and I said, pack and fudge. What? Purge unit is a very outstanding. The Italians are famous for their candy. They love their fudge. This is sports radio 560 WQAM. My amy Fort Latterdance. Tonight on the hysterical channel famous radio milestone a reenactment of radio's greatest moments performed by the mokey talented Leo Dynamo. Lenny Margez. Oh, no, the Christmas wedding. The Christmas wedding. Oh, you're so naughty. Oh, you're so naughty. No, no, this is one of the bonds of the boy. Oh, no, no, no. Boom, boom, boom. Oh, I think Martin can't even chat. Oh, you're so naughty. He's doing tanger-tank. Oh, that's what time to walk. Oh, do I do it? You tell him Lenny. What? This is just... Anymarches reenacting famous moments of radio tonight. Oh, they are the hysterical channel. Oh, baby, oh, yeah, that's it. I love your legal use of hands. Oh, complete a cast of my wide-reast see, but oh, oh, yes, oh, yes, bond with my hands on bread, my golf house, oh, that's an illegal procedure. Oh, yes, touch down in my child and oh, yes, yes, yes, oh. Try to take a couple of calls before we do this because I'm this pros and cons book. This is a dynamic and and I understand I do realize right upfront that most of the people don't care. In other words, most fans all I care about is I want my team to win and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangs. I don't care if they sign OJ up if he can still run sign his ass up and put him out there because as long as my team can win, then I feel much better about myself. It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being us. We were the best we here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Now that you're talking about books, I hope you sell a lot of those books because this is the same way the guys making much money. I was at the growth last week. I don't think if the man for a little telling he's trying to put it on. I'm not going to see it. Have a good time. It's there. So the pros and cons, the criminals who play in the national football league by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager and of course all of our students sports Dutch joxdreff orders on this radio station. They should be having these guys on there. They should be talking about this. I mean, do we have to bury this in the closet? Is that what it is? Let me start. Let me begin. Okay chapter eight. This will take a few minutes and not that long. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. He was explaining his decision to offer a contract and traveled running back Lawrence Phillips. There's a large upside Johnson insisted. If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program, then he can realize what his talents might be and realize this success. You probably thought he was going to have in the first place. Less than two weeks earlier, the same Lewis Ram suddenly cut for Lups after he was reportedly fine. Fifty six times for violating team rules. In his 19 off tenure with the Rams, Phillips was arrested three times, served to jail sentence for domestic violence and was twice sued by women once for domestic violence and once for sexual assault. Having received the second chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assaulting ex-girlfriend T. McEwen, the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him. Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips and that he was not the men as often portrayed in the popular press, all words that had been used by the Rams towards earlier. Antially I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you hear Johnson said, and I can say this for a fact, all of the rumors that you hear are not true. We've checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly highly exaggerated. Exaggerated, although the attack on McEwen, which landed Phillips and jail and had received excessive media play, the scope of Phillips abusive behavior was kept hidden from the public. McEwen despite request from countless national publications and TV networks never spoke publicly about a violent relationship with Phillips. But in August 16, 1996, he did file a civil complaint of the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas, in it to reveal a brutal litany of assaults offered at the hands of Phillips while the two attended the University of Nebraska. Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press, McEwen's complaint was filed under seal. To the liking of Phillips at his lawyers, reporters were unable to view its content. However, on September 3, 1996, federal judge William F. Maurer surprisingly lifted the seal. In effect, Judge Maurer's decision left the painful details of McEwen civil complaint, available to any reporter who showed up at the court. House aren't requested to see the file. Wattie desperately to conceal the details, Phillips lawyers acted promptly and were able to secure a court order, placing the document back under seal within 24 hours. But during the brief window when the case file was open, Kansas City Star Court reported Joe Landy was at the federal court house and he made a copy of the complaint. He's the only reporter in the country to have seen the case file, Landy reported these details from McEwen's complaint. October 1994, Phillips shoved her head into a wall so hard it broke through the wall, then choked her in without allow her to leave his apartment. April 1995, Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and threatened her saying, she'd shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbow. This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people. May 10, 1995 Phillips sliced her car tires and threatened to kill her, then came after her demanding a glass of water and McEwen told him to get him, after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself. August 24, 1995, McEwen agreed to dry Phillips's was drunk home to his apartment, he forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her. September 10, 1995, Phillips beat her and kicked her while she was at a friend's house. When he grabbed her hair, caveman style pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall. A ride Phillips reached an out-of-court financial settlement with McEwen, which required that she neither discussed the nature of her complaint nor the details of the payoff. Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips's record was exaggerated, stemmed from the comparison of Phillips's record with some of his other players, who would either serve time and jail or been convicted of a violent felony. Yet these players were never scrutinized by the press like Phillips. For example, Johnson signed a little loan for Agent Wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996, who developed into what a Dan Marine was most reliable receivers in 1997. As a team growing up in Los Angeles, Jordan was an active member of the Mluds, the authorities had discovered that his criminal record makes Phillips look like a choir boy. Like I said, it's only a few pages close to home, and if you're supposed to look the other way, you better tell me about that. I don't think so. I have a hard time admiring a bunch of goons. That's with a G. Whether they're black, white, yellow or whatever they're all there. I'm sorry. I just don't understand. And you wonder why America's attitudes and venues are all upside down. And you're talking about the presidents getting blow jobs up there and Washington, like any red blooded guy and all the presidents who preceded and we're supposed to be upset about that. And rightfully indignant, but here we're worshiping all your kids out there. These are their role models, not all of them, just too many way too many. Some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth. And the, oh geez, you know, they're wonderful people. They're great. These are our heroes. And by the way, how much more money can we dig up how many more loans that we have to take out. So we can go by seeking tickets and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre performance, by the way. Oh yeah, I heard somebody call Kimmel last night, you know, bragging about the fact that Doc Yellow's pitched no hitter for the pirates years ago while on an acid trip. Well, that's great. Let's hear it. Frozen, cause this is in your book store right now. It's hot as a pistol, baby. By Jeff Bennett's in Don Yager on Warner books, hard cover. How much is it? Too much for most of you. It's, I don't know what's for it. Don't tell him the price. It'll scare him away. Okay. On June 27th, 1990, Kenny Jones was gunned down in a hell of bullets while walking down a sidewalk near the intersection of 79 street Navalan Boulevard Los Angeles, a five block area between 76 and 83 to run Navalan Boulevard is home turf to a local gang calling themselves the swans a subset of the blood street gang. Jones at the time he was shot was wearing blue the colors of a rival gang. The neighbors were initially were OGs, I'm more in blue. Neighbors were initially reluctant to cooperate with investigative search for the killers, but a week after the shooting officer Jerry Pior received information linking swan gang members Charles Jordan, a.k. a truckie to run Jordan, a.k. a. what. Bel 1 Ryan to do Fodd author Fort Tom Mark Le Manser. about the murder. Police then separately questioned Tyrone Jordan, who pinned the murder on fellow gang members, John Davis and Maurice Stevens. However, Tyrone admitted that Charles and Glenn Jones were at the murder scene, and the Charles made comments about the victim wearing the wrong colors just before the victim was shot. When police tracked down Maurice Stevens, he admitted that he and Davis were at the scene as well, but insisted that Chuck E. and Tyrone did the shooting. In follow up questioning by police, Jones admitted that he and Charles had concocted a story about their whereabouts the first time they were questioned. In September 13th interview with police, Charles Jordan said that he lied about his whereabouts because he knew that the word out on the street was that he committed the murder according to court documents. The officers then asked Jordan if he would submit to a lie detector test after failing it, Jones refused to cooperate further with police in their investigation. In addition to being the prime suspect in the murder of Kenny Jones, Jordan had to appear in court September 27, 1990, for a pre-trial hearing on an unrelated matter. He had been charged with threatening to kill Marina Wilson and Wilbur Holloway when they showed up to testify at the pre-trial hearing of Swan Gay member Craig Williams, who was himself facing two counts of attempted murder. According to court documents on August 13th, 1990, Jordan confronted the two witnesses in the hallway outside the courtroom and then attempt to scare them from going inside. Jordan's crash intimidation tactics were witnessed by LA Deputy Sheriff Sean McCarthy, who was in charge of the Williams investigation. When I walked into the hallway after I got off the elevator, I saw two males Jordan and Williams standing having a verbal conversation with both Ms. Wilson and Mr. Holloway. McCarthy testified at Jordan's preliminary hearing on September 27. They were approached by those two males and they were encouraged just to leave court and drop a whole incident that defended in the attempted murder case Williams offered $500 to the victims if they would leave court. McCarthy testified that when the witnesses rejected the harsh money, Jordan issued threats. At that point, said McCarthy, Charles Jordan made this statement, that is your life that you're messing with. At that point, the victim, Holloway said, Mr. Jordan is that some kind of threat, Mr. Jordan responded by saying, no, that's a promise. The threat worked. Williams and Hollow by ultimately left the court house without testifying that day. The sheriff's attempts to bring them back at a later date were unsuccessful. I've been told by Mr. Holloway's family that he's moved out and that he's afraid to testifying they don't know where he's moved. McCarthy testified at a subsequent hearing. I've contacted Warrina Wilson's family and was told that he's moved the San Bernardino and they don't know where are they are. On October 11, Jordan was indicted on two felony counts of disweighting a witness by force or threat. He later pleaded guilty on March 8, 1991, a received probation. Then October 31, Jordan was finally arrested and charged with a murder of Kenny Jones. It was jailed and denied bail. Two other swan blood gang members, Maurice Stevens and John Davis were also jailed and charged in the murder. Jordan stayed in the Los Angeles County jail, however, was far shorter than that of Stevens and Davis. On January 25, 1991, Jordan was released in the murder charges against him were dropped. Just days before Jordan's release, Tyrone Jordan and Glenn Jones were originally spotted driving away from the murder scene with Jordan testified to Jordan's pretrial hearing. In their testimony, the exonerated Jordan implicated another man John Davis. These witnesses kind of changed the way they thought about things to where Charles Jordan was no longer involved. So Davis is court appointed attorney, Matthew Kasterman court documents, Kastonus ejected and courted Jordan. They have placed collect calls from the county jail and told Tyrone and Glenn Jones, what to say in his pretrial hearing? They're involved in a conspiracy number one to put these two men Stevens and Davis away, Kastonus ejected the judge's clearance. The second conspiracy was to get Charles Jordan out of jail. This is a three-dependent case. The man who failed the polygraph is the shooter. He gets dismissed out of the preliminary hearing. That's Charles Jordan. He's the leader of the gang. He puts out orders on these two witnesses. This is what you're supposed to say at the preliminary hearing. Kastonus theory was that his client, Davis and Stevens were taking the fall for Jordan. I want to know is there anything in the group dynamic of this gang that when somebody has to go down on a shooting a couple of people get pointed out and they do time and go right away because they were lower in the pecking order, Kastonus said to judge Dromwell and is attempting to get a quarter to giving access to the jail's payphone records. The judge did not appear to be bonkastonus argument. On January 9, 1992 the murder charges against Maristavans were also drop leaving Oli Davis and jail. Witnesses had told police that he was seen with a handgun at the scene. On January 17, Davis pleaded no contest to reduce charges of voluntary manslaughter and the death of Kenny Jones and was sentenced to three years in prison. It was Jordan, however, who insisted during a December 1997 interview with the SPN that he was the one who would willfully take in the rapper another gang member by sitting in jail for nearly four months. He added that he would do the same again for a fellow gangster if the opportunity arose. Jordan declined to be interviewed for this book. According to the author's research, Jordan's life is a gang member before entering the NFL involved a wide range of other run-ins with the law. The following list was compiled from the criminal court document Los Angeles Superior Court. August 3, 1988 charged with taking a vehicle without owners consent. Please no contest effective property in sentenced to 30 days in jail. August 21, 1988 charged with felony robbery in jail. Bill was set at $16,000 case later this month. January 1, 1999 charged with illegal gambling. No disposition and this physician records were available. February 20, 1992 charged with reckless driving and driving with assisted violations. Please no contest was placed on probation and sent a pay of fine or served 10 days in jail. He also was ordered to attend alcohol education classes. January 1, 1993 was found in violation of his probation and sentenced to 05 days in jail. Jordan was also charged on three separate occasions with possession of a controlled substance. In 1990, he was indebted for kidnapping. Although we said he's no longer actively involved with the bloods, Jordan nonetheless still considers himself part of his gang family. I may not be active by a still consider myself as one e-tool the SPN. Further, Jordan continues to give proceeds from his dolphins paycheck to the swan bloods in Los Angeles. Once I give it to them, it's theirs. I don't ask what it's about. I just handed to them to be continued in the second. He just began in the money, baby. No offense, but false sports radio. 560s. You pay hand. Hand beat that data meets. When it comes to internet access, you want the best. No busy signals, a direct and local connection on restricted access, and most importantly, quick downloading. After all, who wants to wait to see this week's latest edition of Porto to the web? Oh, don't act like it's not you. Studies show that over 85% of users on the web are there simply for Porto, and it's nothing to be embarrassed about. That's why we've invented America-Pornline. The fastest internet connection for X and Triple X rated viewing there is. How annoying was it when I was checking out the latest hood aside, and I had to spend a good half a minute staring at this chick's damn face because it was taking so long to download the important parts. Thanks to America-Pornline's fast connections, I'm in Hooter-Habbin. America-Pornline. So when you're stop on the information super highway, leads right to the red light district. 560WQM. The Dolphins willingness to employ Gangafolia does not extraordinary. In groundbreaking 1997-4 ESPN's outside the line's Chronicle of the Climb of numerous NFL stars who made the transition from the bloods and grips to the grid are. Redskinned defensive and crisp memes. Bangalors running back Eric B. Jaguar's defensive back Beyond figures and those running back Direct Combs discussed their early exposure as teens to street gangs. Home's whose brother is on death roll for three gang-related homicides said he owned his first gun at age 13. How many former gang bangers play in the NFL? Chris Men's estimated dozens. The basic conclusion was that professional athletes are increasingly coming from the inner city, and the inner city is where gangs predominate. Explain Matt Moran to produce the ESPN report on gangs. Moran spent four months researching the connection between professional sports and gangs in the process the interview to approximately 300 people among them gang experts law enforcement officials in an NFL players. The consensus of the players was that you can't grow up in an environment without having your life touched in some way by gangs, you explained in an interview for this book. Given Jordan's track record is a little wonder that Jimmy Johnson would embrace Lawrence Phillips when no other NFL team was as eager to do the same. Phillips had not been implicated in murder cases. Moray had he confessed the national television to supply financial support to a violent street gang domestic violence was the biggest market in Phillips which hardly distinguishes him from his new mates. Miami's other running back Irving Spikes pleaded no contest to battery for beating his wife in 1996 and why we see Rela Maritamas had been arrested multiple times for domestic violence during 1996 and 1997. A close of examination of the Thomas case reveals why it is no surprise that Jimmy Johnson would give Phillips another chance. On October 13, 1997 one day after that often defeated the jet-adjiant stadium. Jimmy Johnson could veteran wide receiver Fred Barnett. Lamar Thomas who cut five passes against the jet for 75 yards including a crucial reception on the team's gang clenching drive took Barnett's position in the lineup. Fred does everything he was Johnson told reporters but had I not made the release I wouldn't have been feared to our team as a whole. A consummate veteran with a favorable off-the-view reputation, Barnet was replaced by the younger, faster and criminal Thomas whose domestic violence record was more prolific than high-hears past catchings statistics. The bottom line is production Johnson said candidly days before making the formal announcement. Indeed production was the priority when Miami signed Thomas the year before the heels of a vicious series of domestic violence attacks. Much of the following account is based on court records and police reports obtained by the office from the office of the state attorney in Fort Larderdale. On July 4, 1996 Lamar Thomas that a member of the Tampa Bay Book of New Year's and his pregnant fiance Ebene Cooksey attended a private pool party in Barbecue at the home of Dr. Mrs. Edmund DeRou in Plantation. At the time, Thomas was living in Tampa and Cooksey was still in Miami. She was completing her last year of college at the University of Miami where the two met while both were on athletic scholarships. The two were spending the week together in the Miami or year before Thomas had a go north for training camp. The Deros, Son, Richard, a friend of Lamar and Ebene's invited a couple of the was family's fourth-edular celebration. Shortly after arriving however Thomas left the party briefly to visit his uncle and nearby Fort Larderdale. When he returned, Thomas brought a cousin with him and immediately insisted that Cooksey who was relaxing in the pool get out so he could introduce them. Lamar's very impatient Cooksey would later say to a police officer in her attempt to reconstruct the sequence of events leading up to result at the hands of Thomas later that day. I was trying to dry off and he kept saying, come over here, come over here and went from asking me to demanding me to come over. Tired as a result of her pregnancy, Cooksey left the pool area all together shortly after meeting Thomas's cousin inside the Deros house preparing to take a shower. Cooksey was fully undressed when Thomas barged into the bathroom unnaught to urinate. Despite the availability of other bathrooms in the house, Thomas insisted on using the one occupied by Cooksey wrapped only in a towel she waited in the hallway for Thomas to finish before re-entering the bathroom, locking the door behind of this time. Minutes after Cooksey began shower and Thomas realized that she locked the door and began knocking demanding that she let him in. Look, I'll be out Cooksey responded from the shower. This satisfied with a response Thomas located a closed hanger and picked a lock. Cooksey was unaware that Thomas had entered the bathroom until he jumped into the shower fully closed in a tractor. He was enraged and demanded an OI wouldn't let him in, Cooksey said in her police statement, he opened the shower door and began strangling me and I guess provide about five seconds I couldn't breathe. Dripping wet Thomas stepped back out of the shower, leaving his pregnant fiancee, caoring and crying, however he wasn't finished. Next time I knock, you better effing assurant, you know, he shouted he's spraying back into the shower, it doesn't make sense for you not to answer. He then grabbed Cooksey's head and began slamming it into the shower wall. The glimpse that I did catch in his eye Cooksey later recall the police, it was like nobody was there. The violinist saw this finally interrupted when the female guest at the barbecue entered the bathroom after hearing the commotion. Thomas again climbed out of the tub, his clothes not drenched. He ran out of the house still, but jumped in his truck and drove off. Oh, naked wet bleeding and battered, Cooksey was aided by the female who interrupted the assault. When barbecue host misses their role learned what to place, she brought Cooksey upstairs to her bedroom so she could rest. A cup of coffee was brought up along with Cooksey's clothing. Some domestic badmowers don't have the social and psychological makeup to create other vents for their emotions. Explain former dolphins offensive linemen at Newman who would now aid a domestic violence judging date county and an interview for this book. They don't know how to take the time out of channel emotions elsewhere, how to obtain solutions. They act without thinking this is a dysfunction. These badmowers are a wellspring of emotions. This leads to impulsive actions and the actions are totally inappropriate. Approximately 30 minutes after being attacked in the shower, Cooksey looked out and Mrs. Deros' second story window only to see that Thomas had returned. His truck parked in front of the house, Thomas was standing outside talking to Richard Darrell. Scared Cooksey decided to place a call to her father, and asked Mrs. Deros to escort it downstairs to the library where there was a phone. While Cooksey talked by telephone to her father, Thomas, entered the library with both Mrs. Darrell and Richard in the room, Cooksey was confident that Thomas would not harm her. Suddenly, while Cooksey was in mid-sentence with her father, Thomas next to receiver from her hands and hung up the phone. I'm talking to my father she pleaded, shut up, Thomas demetted. Why are you acting like this? Mrs. Deros interjected, come on, Lamar sit down. With all eyes on him, Thomas paused sat down and sisted the those in the room that Cooksey's fear of him was not sincere, but rather an act. Then as Cooksey attempted to exit the room, Thomas leaped lightning quick to his feet. Well, he'd be quick. At that point, I knew I wasn't getting out of that room because he's Lamar and she's Mrs. Deros is who she is. Cooksey, who quickly retreated behind a large desk for protection. Meanwhile, Richard and his father just ended the room gingerly approached Thomas, while Mrs. Deros positioned herself between Thomas and the desk, none of this however deterred Thomas. He came to me as if I was an offensive line, and then pushed me toward the window, Cooksey said, and the window shattered on the lower right side. I feared for my life because I was imagining my head or something going through the window, and it was a thick window. Mrs. Darrell later cooperated Cooksey's account for a criminal investigator. The moment he picked up the phone, he sprang out of the chair, jumped across me, said this is their owner police statement, and was like a football tackle. Straight across me, straight into her and pushed her into the window. Both Richard and his father went to Cooksey's rescue pulling Thomas off her in the struggle to library was trashed. Cooksey climbed back under the desk, hiding in fear of the men tried to restrain Thomas, a 911 call was played for police assistance. Before the dust settled, Thomas's rage left red marks on Cooksey's throat, scratches on her left biceps, a large bump and bruise on her right triceps, and a red bruise on her right arm. He also caused over $700 in property damage, putting a hole through the wall, chattering a window, breaking a lamp and destroying various objects around the desk. Realizing that police have been called Thomas tried to reassure everyone there was no longer any threat of danger to Cooksey. On Com, Thomas said unconvincingly, I have an other control. He then exited the house and hurried toward his truck. Mrs. Darrell followed him outside, while whatever it showed in place to second 911 call, trying frankly to get police to come quicker. Where's he at now 911 operator asked? Sir, I hope he's outside of the house. Mrs. Darrell's son said, what does he look like? Although he's with my mother and I don't want to leave him alone with my mother. So you could just please get somebody here. Someone's on the way out there, but what does he look like? Well, he's 64 is named as Lamar Thomas. He plays football for the 10th of May, Buck and years. He's 175, huh? What is it? He's 175, he's 175 pounds to go to. He's meeting with dark skates, wearing a pair of blue jeans. Five days after the attacks, Cooksey gave her formal statement over the telephone to detect a city, because Stanza of the city of plantation police department. By then, Cooksey's bruises had darkened looking much worse than they did when the police all photographed them on the day of the incident. However, Cooksey's primary concern was the fetus she was carrying. I spoke with my doctor on Saturday regarding my pregnancy and whether or not it should be terminated or whether it's still live, Cooksey told officer, Custanza, you did she ask? It's just that it's a big decision I'm going to have to make in terms of whether I want him to father this child, St. Cooksey. Custanza's chief concern related to the fetus as well, but for reasons different than Cooksey's, while domestic violence is treated as a misdemeanor and Florida, assaulting a pregnant woman is classified as a felony. Can you tell me about the pregnancy asked Custanza to do tomorrow? No, did you work pregnant? Oh yeah, yes, Cooksey even brought me the book called What to Expect when you're expecting? Tomorrow had wanted to baby for quite some time, and that was sort of a problem where we were having an relationship. I have a year of school to go or not married yet. Until I can't afford it was issued for Thomas's arrest on two felony counter-aggregated to battery against the pregnant female, one week later the bucket is released a player who wished to remain on name told the authors that the bucket is dropped Thomas's as the result of his arrest. Buckingers officials went contacted by authors refused to confirm that there was a relationship between the case and his release. We're not going to talk about that circumunication-directed Reggie Roberts. We have no comment. Not ten days past before dolphins newly hired had coach Jimmy Johnson, I promised to a contract. Johnson had coach Thomas in college at the University of Miami insisted that he deserved a second chance. Jimmy Johnson recruited Lamar to the University of Miami explained Thomas's defense at during the age-in-powered Weinberg. Jimmy Johnson left when Lamar got there, but Jimmy was aware of the type of personal Lamar was. Jimmy realized Lamar was the type of guy who was worth saving. Lamar was lucky because there wasn't just Jimmy. They're Gary Stevens was there too, and they're both well aware that all receivers who played the University of Miami had quite a distinguished list of Lamar as the all-time lady receiver. In the history of the University of Miami Herco and we continued the moment. I mean what the hell is wrong? If you'd be the leading receiver in the history of the University of Miami Herco, what's not to like? Okay no matter how much of us come back, you may be. I'm no fortunate as this broad guess, maybe we produced without the express written permission of WQAM-B-Lee's acquisition court. Hey Brian, are you happy? I hate that you all do you again. Sorry my di-kaa Oblast. All right. So still put some low wave by 81 mid-day. Terryave! Yeah, he's jumping off. Hmm, Nick, I have to piss the cameras off you say. I do believe. That's fairly. You're a compromiser... You're a criticism... I don't even serve well. It packs around the club on who be fired on the game. The army going to pack dinner to the floating nightclubs. Yeah, I go into pack dinner and be started on the nightclubs. When I go to pack dinner and unload my junk, I never go to pack dinner without packing my junk. And my girl, yeah, jeez, Doc, full pair of free. I know that every now and then, I sell some crap to provide to you. And she, he's not a big girl. Someone's stuck on the intersection working for free food. That's easy. You're right, we're not the two of them. It's all about the house with no windows. And being at the office, you're shooting my favorite home. Home home home home home. Yeah, please go to craft video. And I go to film my craft. I think going to pack dinner, you can catch on the head. I think going to pack dinner and pass my rap. I think going to pack dinner, for so I be bad, yeah. To craft for free. I think that's it. Oh, that's the big gift of it. I know that he's not bad. You need to take a little piece of shit. I'm not saying it's not. Oh, he's good. Oh. Oh. Oh. 11.3.5.6. The KOMN. The book is frozen. The Kronols who play in the NFL by Jeff Benett and Vonierger. After her position determined that the fetus had not suffered any fatal injuries, Cooks he opted to go to with the pregnancy. The derros mean, I received a call from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg. He Weinberg apologized to the police and said he was going to make sure the bill's good take care of it. See that the market's counseling and make sure it doesn't have it again according to court documents. However, it did happen again. And the problem was not taken care of. After appearing in nine games for the dolphins in 1996, while his lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season, Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on February 24, 1997. It was also awarded the spent 10 days in Brown County jail, which was to be served on weekends and to complete a 13 week bed or intervention program at Lifeline in Miami. The dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11, 1997. Three weeks later, Thomas has altered Cooks he again. On March 29, Metro-Dade Police with his bachelor to the couple's coconut grove home, Cooks he at this point to give him birth to a baby boy who was now six weeks old. Upon arrival, the officer's found Thomas holding the newborn, Cooks he was discovered in the couple's bedroom, crying. Her underwear was torn, there were scratches on her right hand left shoulder renecked. After she drove off his or her grass that Thomas tore her underwear three times, and choked her, he was arrested, issued his Miranda Rights, and escorted back of the police cruiser. After Thomas's arrest, probation officers learned that he had yet to begin the counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation. A subsequent report signed by Correctional Probation Supervisor, Jasmine V. Segelman, and Correctional Probation Officer, Dore Jones, recommended that Thomas's probation be extended to 24 months with a longer period of counseling. Thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as a law-abiding citizen. The report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated 88 total sentencing point, which carries a maximum of 75 months in state prison. Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the talented receiver had been forwardly convicted of anything. By the time the team resigned a year later, Thomas was a convicted felon. Now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation of his probation. Did any of this change Thomas has planned that as with an alphins? Not exactly. There were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team. No ultimatums lay down. But wineberg said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling. There are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins argue, because they want him to be the best player possible explained wineberg. But they're saying if you want to reach your full potential, then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems off the field. No one is capable of completely separating his personal life with his professional life. These things bleed through. Jimmy Johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas. The office, however, did interview other former air dolphins familiar with the Thomas case. The role of the coach to win plays a larger role in how they respond to these situations, said X-Mimey dolphins defensive backliford hobbly in an interview for this book. Probably worked for the dolphins when the running backerving Spice was arrested for beating his wife in 1995. Don Schuillow was the head coach. Then in how they saw stark differences in the way that Spice and the Thomas cases were handled. On August 29, 1995, Pembro Pines police officers responded to a domestic violence complaint at Spice residents. According to the police reports, Spice took his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her into the floor. Stacey Spice sustained injuries to the neck knees and right foot. The following day, Schuillow met with Spice was entering a second season in the NFL. Despite not yet to make convicted of anything, Spice was informed by Schuillow that he was on disciplinary probation for a four year, any more incidents than he would be dismissed. Domestic violence is definitely something that Schuillow would not condone said hobbly, who actively worked with Spice and attempted to get him counseling. Schuillow made sure Spice got into counseling. It was mandatory. He had to go at least two hours a week. Spice felt threatened for his job. According to hobbly after Spice met with Schuillow, he said, If I get cut from here, who's going to give me an opportunity after this guy. Schuillow cuts me everybody. Spice pleaded no contest to battery on May 16, 1996. However, as of the publication of this book, Spice's had no further contact with law enforcement pertaining domestic violence. It was cut by the dolphins during the 1990 at all season. In contrast, Thomas faced no apparent discipline in reaction from Johnson. Nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses. Oh, do I love that term? Anger management course. Oh, under Schuillow, anything that you didn't got caught doing it, you were gone no matter who you were according to hobbly. Anything happens outside the realm of this organization that I hear about. There's no question you didn't hear out of here. Schuillow used to say. On April 24, 1997, Judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest violating the terms of his probation. It read in part the probationer did commit the offensive simple battery on March 29, 1997 as alleged in date circuit court. Thomas was arrested again in jail pending his trial. It wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated according to Weinberg, that Thomas started a confrontive problem. One day a while Weinberg was visiting Thomas at the Brow County jail. The guard knocked on the door of the private tube of an interrupted conversation. It's time to guard said to Thomas, time for what Weinberg asked him. Weinberg soon discovered that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail. In conjunction with a scared straight program, Thomas when he found out about their visit had volunteered to speak to the youths. According to Weinberg, Thomas stood up in front of the boys, wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit and told him, I'm locked up here. I have a baby at home. I'm sending him the wrong signal and I play football in the NFL. So you're probably thinking I'm pretty tough. Well, guess what? I'm not too tough to cry. You never want to be in the situation. I'm in. Prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against Thomas on May 14th and he was released from jail. Cokesy has decided not to testify against Thomas, leaving prosecutors without their prime witness. Cokesy's reluctance is typical of the most violent victims, but rarely understood by individuals who ever experienced violence in the home. Sometimes victims have good reasons for not testifying, explain domestic violence, judge Ed Newman, former dolphins linemen. The most violent is like a dance. In this dance, one of the aggressor perpetrator, the other is the victim. The victim about strategies to avoid the next beating. Some victims think in his procedural context of a trial be beaten if they step forward as a witness. Sometimes they're concerned about retaliation. Sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator. After playing in two Super Bowl's undershule, Newman completed his lottery and was later elected to the bench. He's one of a group of Florida judges who've been assigned to hear domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis. When there's an apparent problem when you see young lady with a black eye and happens again and again, somebody needs to intervene said Newman. Not only for the good of the individuals, but for the good of the image of the league and of the dolphins. Apparently nobody had ever intervened on evidence that the co-seeds would be half. Thomas got talked to many times about the need to address his problems, but there was little incentive in the way of consequences. After his incarceration, however, Weinberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously. A black male, particularly one of the place professional sports, does not see reaching out for psychiatric help or counseling as a viable option to explain Weinberg. They see that as a sign of weakness. So if it was a great value, it would have been a lot of a bank of reporters and said, I need professional counseling, and that doesn't mean that I'm not a man. According to Weinberg, Thomas cooks in their child, we're living together as a district of 1998. At that point in time, Thomas had been counseling for nearly a year. Thomas declined the office invitation to be interviewed for this book. As far as Jimmy Johnson's notice for keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults of rest in jail time, they want to win games Weinberg said, there's no question about it. If they can get him to play his best, they've helped themselves, but I definitely noticed concern that this was separate in the part from just those issues. When assessing whether Johnson is acting out of raw self-interest or altruism, it is difficult to overlook that in 1998, Dan Marino is throwing the ball to two athletically gifted criminals, Thomas endured in both of them convicted of violent crimes. His own words from a press conference October of 1997 seemed to sell up his motives best. The bottom line is production, Jimmy said. All right, nice going, Jimmy. All right. Okay, that's all I'm going to read. Sorry about all the reading, okay. But I know that most of you won't go out and buy the book and won't read it, so why not? Now, that's a lot. Frozen cons, The Cron also playing the NFL. I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. We got it done. I mean, how old are I? I don't get what you want to gain. I don't want to hear nothing negative. I want to read no negative books in the paper tomorrow. We finally want to gain. It's all this should be said. For greater dolphins want to gain for a change. None of this negative. This top two is all little bull. I'm tired of it, plucking. Finally, we can put looking at all the damn station, so that the dolphin to my shit. Jimmy John's replaced you all little bulls. I'm tired of pucks. I'm tired of. I'm fed up to hear what this is up to hear. This is, you know, the grace of God. You know, I'm so far my fainland was, but I'm just happy that we were able to get a win. Takes the press off by no means is this thing. So we have to, you know, continue the couch training. Get ready. Tonight on Let's Watch Animal Screw. It's a dicey situation for the Interpreter Wildlife Crew. As they inadvertently interrupt a wild gorilla in the Missed Orgy. Sound man Richard is made with a 500 pound silver back mail. Follow the couple as they register it, Macy's and pick out a flatware pattern. It's all on tonight. Let's watch Animal Screw. Why do I want to be offered in the office? You're fed up and it says that the National Football League is far more tolerant of violent crimes than it is of other transgressions such as gambling and steroids because gambling and steroids get at the credibility of the game. But violence, that'd be okay. Macy, you know, let me come out of the ghetto. You're expected to be violent. Just need little anger man has been you'll be okay. Yeah. Like, oh, yeah, you'll be okay. Till you just lose it. Let's go where we going to a crawl game. I'll tell you. Yes, you know, do you think it's safe to generalize everybody that comes out of the Intercity? Who did that? Sounds like you're doing it. Oh, I am. Yeah. In other words, we're reading specific stories about specific people. But so did you hear any of the words that are red so you just got a chip on it? No, it's because the music and you have the, because of the music. Are you typical black boys? Think about crack, you know, I don't think it's fair. Are you talking about the bits that I play? Yeah. So who says that everybody that comes out of the Intercity is a criminal? Okay. That's that's different. Okay. Well, thank God we straighten that out. Okay. Gotta do these disclaimer so that these professional ethics don't get all bent on that. You can't add a hero cable out of your ass. Go find a line. Go get a search party. Open line and Broward. All that. This is a tremendous response. Everyone I just read there. This is just in the lady. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, a nail. Yes, sir. If you could criticize these football players who what they did, how did you get off of your crime? When you got caught on the line. Oh, how did you get off of my line? Yeah. Did I commit any violent crime? I accused of a violent crime blowout your ass. Oh, you know, this is unbelievable. This is exactly the mentality we're dealing with. And like I said, it's not these guys fault. It's the fans because they'll support it. They don't give a crap what these guys do as long as we win. As long as they run fast and jump high. Just like Brian Blades baby. He don't have time to talk to you guys. He's gotta go out there to see that one play. That's what Drew Rosenhaus said. Give me a fricking break. Okay. Go talk to P. We Herman and blowout your ass. Here's a lady mobile and Delray Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. I do. Okay, man. Hey, you know what? You are completely right. Three more on back to back to back to back. You know. Don't drink my shit because I'm not going to hear you. Don't want to stand for my live and two. We don't want to hear about all the criminals on the college football team. I'm all in the sport. All these other dumb jokes. I agree. I'm, I'm a, I've been turned on to you for six months. And I've been trying to tell my girlfriends and everything else on to you. And I don't have anyone. I'm a woman based. Well, we're all one. You bet you. And I agree with 95 or maybe almost 100% of what you say. And even with the O.J. situation. Okay. He goes and kills and gets off. And what do we do? We're still waiting and looking at the tab voice. And there. And he was going to find that. He even minded him. And he was debating a rest. He was going to talk to that. We had all these assholes running around there with signs on the L.A. Freeway. Go on. Go on. You're in the park. The American. You talked about a bunch of idiots. You got that right. You got that right. And my thing is I think it's time to boycott football. I football with us. We see him sitting there on the TV and I wasn't sitting in the beer and watching it and going Go. Go, go, go. But there's what about a police record? What's going on? Given that at home. Maybe they won't watch him in the morning. All right. And games too? Yeah. I wouldn't spend the money to go see him. I wouldn't. My son wanted to buy a jersey from. I think it was adults and just some kind of crap. I said, I won't see a dolphin jersey on your backs. back son and he you know hey that's how my feelings are okay I've got a good honor two open lines in Broward 560 560 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir hey you're absolutely right I used to play football and they don't care as long as you can run fast John by love you yeah that's all we care about they don't care about nothing else you can kill somebody and no get you off of and you know I'm sure that there's somebody's dolphins out there thinking but you know sure I didn't win anything in a long time and I think it's all well here's a go but sure at least was a didn't put up with this crap but Jimmy Johnson hate we're five and two so we didn't care what Jimmy does that's all he's got points for least out of good so he's gonna do whatever he can to make himself look good thank you all thank you all for training and you have him in a Dallas too okay thank god that Michael Irvin's another one of those other than the guys that Jimmy can take credit for we have an open line a day five oh he can't say these things I mean yeah right and I'm okay I said before how come the sports segment on his radio station how come they're not the ones talking about this book and interviewing these authors because the several pages that I read there is terminal on his boring is it may have been to some people nevertheless that was all about stuff going right here in his town and also there is a footnote by the way which I didn't read but just to show you how up to date the book is because it was written just a couple months ago it was released editors know to be in a chapter I read marine will not be heading off the Phillips and goes on about how Jimmy Johnson has a number of talented running back to replace him and begin fumbling the ball in training camp John Johnson explained to reporters his decision to release Phillips had little to do with the troubled athletes most recent rest for the law and police are and it says the book goes to press police are still investigating allegations that he assaulted a woman in my nightclub in June and here it is the end of October we heard any more about that or haven't heard the final disposition of that all whatever he or any more about that no Lawrence Phillips one of the real scumbags in the history of the human race stuck his girlfriend in a goddamn stand up post office box there in Lincoln Nebraska beat the after beating the crap out of her but hey you know we these guys got to have anger management courses they got to have you know they came out of the ghetto alright tell the coal round that too okay that O. J. came out of the ghetto until I'm golden in this family while you're at it all these got excuses for aberrant unacceptable violent behavior don't we local in north waterdale hello how you doing okay sir listen I got to respond to this it just sounds like you're making a big deal out of something that's been going on forever this there's what you're talking about right now the announcement making a version of what that is nothing new to anything you're saying this has been going on in sports beginning of time yeah and so I'm sorry so I'm sorry people shouldn't be talking about it I'm not a no you're right about bringing it to the public attention but what I think is what's going on here and what's dragging it out so much is that the proliferation of media and the ability for media to just take things and blow them out on all over the air waves and makes such a big fuss out of them in a hoop line the way that they're almost controlling what's going on now is that it's become so sensational that the big picture has been completely blown away that these are people from under privileged areas oh here we go okay okay okay what's wrong it is very until that's wrong I'm going to you know I don't I didn't I tend to that I told George that as soon as I finished reading when to the break and I said the responses going to be from assholes like see sir I listen to anybody say almost any opinion but that I will not listen to I don't care what area you come from that's not an excuse for violent behavior against other people it's not an excuse for murder it's not an excuse for a self it's not a excuse for treating women like like subhuman garbage it's not an excuse I'm sick and tired of hearing it whether you're black whether you're white I'm not interested in hearing it whether it's Bobby Cox whether it's guy delivering spice mother's mark fits Patrick I don't want to hear about it mark fits Patrick didn't cover my guy damn under privileged neighborhood neither did Bobby Cox Jesus Joseph what a sad sad sad and you know the interesting part is it points out in his book see an now you understand where he was coming from in the beginning well the media's blown us all up no the media ought to be blown it up that's why this book is so guy damn great pain millions and dollars to the lowest scumbags on a face it just like Mike Tyson there's a classic example see the boxing fans in his country they don't give a crap what Mike's in how Tyson that's how many people he raps how many ears he choose off how everyone has been here they want to pay to see him fight some stumble bum against because for whatever reason because to them that's exciting so don't confuse them with the facts but this horse crack and addition which these are the guys these are these select few guys who've been taken out of the my out of the get-os and given the opportunity to make millions of dollars 80% of the players in the NVA are black what would most of those guys be doing if they were playing basketball and making millions and millions and dollars what would they be doing so when somebody gives you the opportunity to make millions and dollars and be a big hero and a big celebrity and then you turn around to continue being a scumbag something's wrong there somewhere right mark duper I mean you could go down a list you got a list as long as you're arm and your leg put together and this guy's trying to make it sure I got and I'm in all my life I've been a liberal but you know something when it comes to this that's why I draw the line I'm not interested in labels when it comes to the death penalty thriam when it comes to scumbags who have no respect for other people put them away and throw away to goddamn key and I knew that this would be the I told you that right during the break I said you wait and see oh they were under privilege they came from the ghetto they grew up in these gangs like you know something they were given a chance to get out how many chances did they get it's like how many beers is it taking away joy sporting event here how many chances do they have to get before we finally say well you know thank God Lawrence Taylor got off drugs oh I'm sorry for a while here's a mobile in North Miami Beach hello hello yes sir yes you know I'm kind of trying to these people talking about people who are up in the ghetto being distant and a gimmick making excuses for them I grew up in the ghetto I was my friend Miami on Twinnitch you're 1000 a middle of the ghetto have you commonly this week and I didn't kill anybody right I was able to get out of the ghetto and stop my own business and have a business for myself they have so it's a it's a cop-out those people who try to make excuses because they were poor and they're in the ghetto because I was poor and I was in the ghetto and I didn't turn out like anyone of them see most of the people are making excuses like that I saw a call me about a half an hour ago this this guy is a Jacksonford and so it doesn't make any difference what is heroes do they've always gotten excuse they need anger management but as long as they can make him feel better about himself because it's his team and it can win some games then he doesn't care what they do really exactly I say put them all in jail all right okay pal congratulations see there you go there's plan I mean if everybody who grew up in a ghetto was like the like oh Jay if everybody was murdering everybody and totally out of control and beaten women all over the goddamn place then we'd have anarchy because we got millions of people grew up in a goddamn ghetto all but it's an excuse not for me it's not here's a lady mobile in North Miami hello yes man oh my one sounds like you oh you're twin sister oh not in that one of those I've been listening to you since 1987 and today you finally got me out of the closet oh my god wow I totally agree with you I think that we set these men up and the kids idolize them and that's the wrong interciordity and that's all I have to say thank you thanks for a simple just like the DNA first isn't I complicated you don't teach your kids to admire scumbags that's all what I'm talking about scumbags I'm talking violent criminals and I hear all this discussion oh how come how come this one can't throw a pancake block and I'll come this one got us finger in the other one back home how come I know but don't confuse this with the facts because either we got you know uh bet on the game which I do understand that or you know we want to feel better about ourselves it would be like just like my go to that panther game the other night watching that disgraceful display am I gonna come in here the next day and say and start playing at stupid and I'm gonna start with that well we'll get the next time okay I'm gonna do that I need to suck the actor kill the sports leader sports radio 560 Q A M oh god Neil do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their five old persons better well I have the answer to your prayers from the makers of you think my martyr comes a game the whole family can enjoy crucifixion is not just fun to play but it forces everyone to know their Bible and it's easy to play first someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it but be careful if you pick a wrong letter your little Jesus doll gets nailed I'll take the dance how about a kid no sorry Billy after three nails in one spirit of the chest everyone loses but don't worry in three days you can play again so run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of crucifixion why not play tonight comes with the small Jesus doll nails in a tiny spirit fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included crucifixion oh for out of Trinity brothers what's raised us back to the story that I found so I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm part of the whole ambiance in America this pathetic pathetic bunch of crap people request saves prisoner now first of all keep in mind that all of this money was spent of course for security while he was here you got to understand that the taxpayers there in St. Louis paid for that make no mistake about that is that correct? you bet not to mention of course all the money that was wasted by somebody probably the Italian government probably the Mexican government the US government TWA allotalia whoever was for the shut up of all the judges the tadas and the last can smoke crab and all the other group crap that they were eating on the plane coming over and in between and going back to a full-muchino airport but at any rate setting that aside assuming that we can stand the fact that we're mixing organized religion you know if they were bringing some old rabbi some old Orthodox rebbie from the Middle East would they be doing stuff like that would they be subsidizing no of course you wouldn't have a million people lining up to hear all the book rap either would you know if they were bringing some like Buddhist priest in here you know with a shaved head in fact to the guy that's doing the car wash is he a Buddhist I think so or hurry question but at any rate if they were bringing some hurry question the guy and that they just picked up at the airport would you like subsidize his trip to Mexico City I don't think so would they be sure serving in the shut up of the home no they probably throw his ass in the slamer but here's the silly man in a dress keep in mind 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church okay I'm not making that up that is a absolute positive verified statistic 97% of the people in Italy do not go to church maybe once in a blue moon maybe like for a baptism of Connie's baby something like that because they're on to them because he's right there in the midst and they see how ridiculous it is and I see all those get skis running around and they see that big used to be a department store where they sell all the robes and the umiter's and all that crap all the adornments that the silly queens are running around it and now it comes over here and like he always does just like when he was in Cuba rings nothing nothing tangible just a bunch of stone age rhetoric and tries again giving a you know I mean Clinton of course needed the other land the other that was good he loved that even though he's thinking of myself yeah he's sitting there thinking of himself you silly old queen you although like I said yesterday both do share a lot of expertise on blow jobs Clinton getting them the pope giving them but nevertheless here's the silly old man in dress he comes over here and all these crazy people come lining up from everywhere the biggest indoor mask in the history of mankind oh or at least the u.s.a and he's giving lectures to us on on what we ought to be doing telling and I'm not just a cat looks at his country telling our government telling the people of this country which the overwhelming majority by the way are not Catholic I ain't to break the news to you Carol is not his name Carol what's still a that's his name Carol never trust a man named Carol with a dress especially a guy named Carol who wears a dress is that his name is you don't know oh my god I can't believe that my religious expert friend in there my cat lick friend a little behind the camera name is Carol watch dilla he's a polock with a bad dress and I'll really crappy outfit so at any way he comes over here and Missouri governor commute sentence for death row felon this story is so unacceptable and so typical of one of the worst things that's wrong in the world today after an extraordinary personal appeal from Pope John Paul II governor Mel Carnahan a supporter of capital punishment which the overwhelming majority even liberal bleeding hearts like yours truly believe in capital punishment because you have to live in the real world not some kind of fantasy world Virginia he commuted the death sentence that they convicted murder wrong Thursday to a sense of life and prison without parole the governor said his decision was a one-time event and a tribute to the Pope rather than a signal that he had changed his mind on the death penalty so in other words forget about the laws we keep here this is a country of laws all this penis gates up that's going on oh this is a country of laws not a country of men but but but yeah but when a man in a dress comes over here who wheels all of that power because he's got all that money behind him all of a sudden the and an interesting part of it is that the governor of of Missouri happens to be pro capital punishment he is a supporter of it he says I'll have to say I was moved by his concern for this prisoner I continue to support capital punishment the governor decision came one day after the Pope concluded brief past will visit the same was during which he preached a homily that included the strongest condemnation of the death penalty he's made on American soil go back where he came from Carol Carolyn after his final public of that a prayer service at the East Saint Louis Roman Catholic cathedral the Pope approached the carnajana Southern Baptist Adio like that he's a Southern Baptist who was seated in the front few in as the governor to show mercy to Darrell me so his kids will be executed on February the 10th I want you to understand I do want you to understand this me's 42 was convicted of the 1988 ambushed land of teney county couple Lloyd Lawrence 69 his wife Frankie 56 along with their disabled grandson with him 19 the only kill three people what's wrong with that me so killed a trio with a 12 gauge shot that is they wrote altering vehicles near their world teney county farmhouse alleged that the senior Lawrence have in his former partner in a drug manufacturing scheme so we ambush them and killed the family in the the husband and wife and their 19 year old disabled nephew or grandson whatever it was some kid some punk kill three people okay get her in crap at a trial convicted a first degree murder sentenced to die and this man in address comes over here sticking his nose in our business pocket a try to get about abortion pocket a try to talk about uh... you know play a sit in suicide try to put doctor jack out of business and now he's like interfering in the legal process in this country and is there anybody in the media that's got the hospital balls to open up a mouth and say what kind of horse crap is this uh... what kind of baloney what kind of unmitigated that is this that a man who is the titular head if I can say that of a corrupt religious institution comes over here where we're supposed to be a secular society six is nose in our business and it's uh... something back this governor accaves in okay whatever you say it make me look good it's good politics i guess the cabinet is man with address you know it's very interesting all the people who buy into this religious horse crap you know one one day this guy's just another guy's just another one of the cardinals the bishops whatever worrying all that uh... you know those expensive robes over there and then all of a sudden when they start blowing at smoke man i'm telling there's a lot of blowing on the vatic i can't stick about that and he start blowing a smoke and it comes out of the chimney there and oh we got a new pope and all of a sudden he becomes magically close to god he's like uh... better than everybody else and he's a ton everybody in the world what to do he's telling a billion people what they ought to be doing i mean you talk about insanity you talk about crazy people but i mean not a vossor ever going to change the fact that people are basically emotional weaklings in each of these crutches to hang their hats on that's very sad but the fact that he comes over here and that the media like a bunch of cheerleaders they probably had a baro trent lots pompoms way they were covering this god damn classic exactly and it's six of you see that that was a miracle i didn't even hit the god damn button i just hit the side of the guy that's right just hit the side of this thing that's not the side of the keyboard all of a sudden that there you go it's a miracle from and i can't even get my fingers in a right place today i'm so glad they worked up the god damn pope from wrong comes over here and this guy they're going to do they'll keep feeding him and keep him alive this guy's how old is he 42 i'd to break the news he's going to be alive for a long time and they're going to be feeding him meals in fact maybe just maybe the Vatican will subsidize and send over some shut up we all with Duchess potato star last getting their smoke crab maybe this guy's got the crab i don't know we can only pray isn't this astonishing and unbelievable of course because the media and all you people in town is weak by the way for while you're networks and all over the god damn country you're about to spinalous cowards you're terrified of organized religion and you're especially terrified of the god damn catholic church you're afraid to god damn pope is going to come over and put a spell on you when i maybe your neighborhood priest is going to come down and molest your regran children or whatever you're terrified of just absolutely unbelievable take a couple of calls i got to screen article by Howard Beal and city link about whanmy i's going how or whoever you are and a super thanks about the uh... ice at uh... not only the macarine but a lot of the rinks around the and it's you'll and then of course we got my amy magazine with a worst picture i've ever seen in my life of raywitton you on the cover and then a picture of raywhose having his ear bitten by virgin on the inside about dating i hate to break the news to you and my amy magazine and it's cute we have we love raywitton the and the virgin in but uh... you know but i think they're doing a little more than just dating you know i'm saying his fiance that they've been living together for how long i think they do a little more than just dating going out for fine food that's what they call it these days is that what it is i think they're eating more than just fine food but at any rate here's my amy hello they're doing you know great and the reason why a lot of us no one is to be caught and teller are true are you know feelings about religion why does her that idiot like the code the previous caller that you had i work for local government here in my amy and you land i happen to make them a stake off actually say no i don't believe in god yeah and you know it's he's affected my work i mean a mine of comment like that and a lot of people out there playing secure playing secure war afraid of of uh... one different and feels different view different ideas and they really you know you've been treated the truth is that one of that absolutely and they are afraid of it and i mean i'm not interpreting anything like that but i just happened to say just a one comment i said i really don't believe in god and i think the pope is a fact and that was it man he was over i mean i got transfer but before i know i'm walking on the other side in the turf yeah i happen to be no my beat now is over cow i mean it just one of those things were well start the bread and the word and over time they need some truth over there they could even you want to streets in the start screaming there is no god there's only they all good i'll get lynch okay i've agreed to it i'll jump let's do it by the way we have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line hey what's wrong with getting lynched if it's good enough for buggers should be good enough for everybody else here's a mobile and cross spring solo hi neo how are you great you know i gotta tell you i feel like a battling at a today's year and i'm very proud of it well you know something you don't have to listen to you since october and the problem is is that you're telling it's the way it is and people can't take it well screw on my own care couldn't care less one thing that you keep forgetting that we talk about the pope and his dress what about the smoking pocketbook the smoking pocketbook yeah everything will stop you waves is smoking pocketbook back and forth i didn't only have i i knew something else was smoking it went it's the possible deal yeah and just keep up the great work okay have a great day sir what is he saying we have an open line in brower two and date five six seven oh five sixty come on we want to hear from somebody that supports the pope just one today that's gonna be like trying to find somebody that knew something about the ice in the arena the other day and i would pick up the phone call them with anybody doing we had like two people anybody else no they don't care they're oblivious welcome to law law land all you want to towners we know you're listening out there all you and faders who came to the top of this big stage to vend here this weekend welcome to law law land so you can write whatever you want about us down here because the fact of the matter is number one we already know at number two nobody here cares nobody your cares were oblivious this is a land of total absolute oblivion the people here work overtime on being indifferent and apathetic so if you think you're gonna like uh... you know yank their chain forget it i've been trying twenty three years the yank their chain and i still can't yank it here's candle hello yeah i'm you i'm i just want to ask um... can i have to request can you give two requests yeah for no we have an open line in uh... what is it in uh... date all three of five six seven five six eight pound five six three on the eighteen two wireless lines can you give two requests no can you give a real quick no there's a mobile in bokeh hello yeah i'm the other i've been looking to you since your old you end of the last day yes thank you great yes i am i agree with you a hundred percent of religion is when i started that was brought up as a jew and when i went to college i started studying religion i realized how many people have been killed in the name of the i and how uh... religions were developed primarily by people in power or who wanted to be in power to keep other people listening to them if you promise folks that they're going to live forever in eternal life and paradise if you do what i tell you now to tell you i'm going to die and go into the ground and rock that's not very popular people who want to hear that they can't it all through people are afraid of that they can't deal with it uh... that's what's going to happen so what what kind of god by the way would create a situation like that where you live sixty seventy eighty years whatever and you go in the ground and then what if he created man and his image how come and live forever if god is infinite and eternal how come man is infinite and eternal huh what what what what what why did he create pain yeah what did he create can't why what really virus on what does it create mosquitoes well as the religious people will say to test that but if he's uh... no one will follow why test that yeah he's the test yeah well thank you i just wanted to tell you there are a lot of people out there will be the day and god bless you sir i'm going to open line and day and i'm going to be brought five six seven five six eight we got to god people going again here today we don't have one cat like that we got the one guy the one yahu up there in Palm Beach gives me a song of dance first i think i'm a bad looking he that's his that that's his uh... disclaimer that's his formal disclaimer he has to start right out with that so that anybody listening to my recognized his voice and even those who don't understand he doesn't like this show he's only listening because he's got a bum fork radio that doesn't pick anything else up anybody believe that no but i'm a bad looking at it because i have the audacity come on here and say things that make all the sense of the world and talk about all the injustices and the fact that a man in the dress comes to this country being fed chatabra yana duchis potatoes and all this other god damn crap millions and millions of dollars they spent on the stage the media event here the last week and they're talking about me time we got all these things the money is hypocrites of a congress there talking about well you know no man is above the law and this and and you got a few blow jobs and he lied about it we're talking perjury he lied about his sex life wow but here's a guy that blew away three people three innocent people including a nineteen year old kid in the wheelchair tell them went through the criminal justice system was convicted he's on that throw he's got to be executed and because the men the dress who's got nothing to do with our government comes over here and opens up a mouth the governor of Missouri oh well i think you're right you got a point we won't execute him we'll just let him we'll just keep paying the feed him and keep him in jail for the rest of his life and he's only by the way 42 and on the only one it's a psychotic about that and a mainstream media like i said that to them the religion and especially the cathartures it's like a hot stove it's like burning coal's man as soon as they even get close to it they back away they didn't even dare put their finger close to it or the stove either this is sports radio 560 q a m where do you find gym manage right where do you got it sports radio 560 q a m i know that the lord even loves neo-rodgers oh f serious down the prospective audiumed hairs i Saudi but you say Oh right. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you want your doom. With the big sea on your chest and all the creatures like this. And you know who I am. You're a good girl. I'm going with the beat of the spell. It's the bad guy you're a two hell. We're in a building far too far. We're going with the beat of the spell. You're a crushing strong one mighty girl! You're a good girl. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Our country is known as our criminal justice system and our business. Absolutely positively unacceptable. Our finalist media are going to live a little bit like that. Of course, the church is going to subsidize the cost of keeping this guy alive for the next 30 or 40 years. No. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Yes sir. This is very effort. I want to talk about the guy's father's re. Did you watch it the last couple of my sons? No. I've only seen it about 600 times. I've never seen it. No. At the end of the first night, they were showing a contract. This is the first time they ever saw number three. They were showing a contraction. And they showed Neil. They showed the guy the bicycle. Taking for forgiveness. He was confessing. I told my father's son blah blah blah. Did that happen in the movie because I didn't see it. Yes. Of course. That was right after we started going into another one of his diabetic fits there. They had to bring him the orange juice in the candy and he was popping the M&M. Whatever he was popping. It happened. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well that's another stereotype. They've looked back in the church. We have an open line in date 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay sir. Great topic but I have another one for you. Did you see Channel 6 News last night on this journey from Denver? Woody something about the South Florida market. How he says that it's a direct down here and it's terrible and who like would want to come down here to this banana republic. Yeah. Have you heard about that one? No. Pretty good. Somebody should have a little more info than what I have because I got a bad memory. No. I saw column by one of the Atlanta writers in the paper yesterday. Most of these journalists have come down here. You know, I don't want to know why they're wasting their time doing that. Most of us live here. We've got to bring. We already know what a toilet this is. We don't need to be reminded. If they don't like it, let them go back where they came from. Okay. That's right. We don't need any more reminders. They don't have to rub our noses in. And I'm sure that they're being taken care very nicely down here. And that their newspapers or TV and radio stations are taking care of all their expenses. They're eating a lot of good meals. So let them blow out the rest. That's right. And have a great day. I was thinking of a lot of good meals. Here's a little tip for some of you sports people that are in town this week because I know you're listening. I know that there are people who are very much into, you know, like a state of mind kind of things like the Rascal house and the forge and Joe Stone crabs. Can I just tell you this right now right up front because I heard Hank and Mike Lupica yesterday talking to Lank just waxing emotional about Joe Stone crabs. I know what's a place where gay and your Hoover used to eat and my or landscape and all kinds of very information famous people. But the fact is that if you love Stone crabs, they're like about 75,000 places in South Florida that have much better stone crabs than Joe's and it much more reasonable prices. And you don't have to have, you know, connections to get in and, you know, Schmere the way to return when so on. I just mentioned that in passing because this town is so famous for those plastic kind of state of mind places, you know. Our standing at the Rascal house, we're waiting an hour and a half for polishing out here in the sunshine waiting to get in. Why? I don't know. Here's my any hello. Yes sir. Black hockey fan. Yeah. I'm talking to so long. But I mean, you're so fired up at so many different topics today, but I have one more for you. I mean, I don't even know. Did you eat the hell today? About. Okay. On page five of the main section has gotten national news. It says DC mayor criticized for letting eight quit overstair that wasn't. And let me explain to you briefly what this is. Apparently there was some guy in there who handles all the budgets and everything. And then he called for you to say this real quick. So the chain of events on led to the resignation began January 15, staff meeting went Howard, emerging from Buds at talks with Williams, huddled with his assistant to tell him that the office would have no less money than they had hoped. I will have to be negatively with this one because it's not a matter of money. Apparently the guy got fired for using the word negatively or had to resign. Yeah. And what's wrong with the other word, nigger? Right. I mean, did we just embarrass him because nobody knew the definition of negatively. Isn't that for well? That's the same manner too many smart people up there. I heard him. It's just so embarrassing because now he has to offer his resume. In fact, if you were, if I were to think of one word that would describe the beesley read company that owns this radio station, niggeredly would be exactly the word. I'm so glad you mentioned that today into injected in our conversation. Well, just to inject today. This is the most negatively place I have ever seen. So, Lauren, we've even got your favorite guy, Julia Barantay, seems to me the mayor has been legally in this judgment under issue. Yeah. Okay. And that's what he came up with. Well, maybe somebody ought to explain to the mayor what that be mean. Well, yeah, I think that's it. And have a great day sir. Yeah. Okay. We have an open line in date to a broad 560, 560, on the mobile one line. See, I'm the only one in sense that I've raised about the fact of the community, the execution in Missouri because the Pope came over here and opened up a mouth. And he only went pissed off and fired up about that. You people ought to be, see, there ought to be smoke, forget about the chimney at the Vatican. There ought to be smoke coming out of your ears. You ought to be so angry about that. But being a sheep that you are, you'll just sit back and say, Oh, well, he must know something. There must be some, yeah. He knows something, all right. How to run a corrupt business. Even as bad in people as he looks, he knows how to do it. This is 430560, 2AM. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to it. Thanks, Goldberg. Weekday after noon's at 2. Sports radio 560. QAM. Nobody repulses you more. 2. 2. My cousin, I was warm in. Our teams, they are a deformin. My face looks like it was just hit by a truck. My daddy, brothers in. He married next to him. Then out we came without much brains being teeth and all we're talking. And we're mad. I love to drink that much. We're talking. We're mad. I'm married in my own prime. Living in a shack right down the road. My brain sells their scornmen like a toe. We're talking in and bread. This song is really sick. My clothes have lots of creases. I sleep with all my nieces. I have just a room to temperature IQs. Don't say I've got no class or I'll take you with me. I asked, don't insult my sister or my mother or call my dad. Who is my daughter? I'm in Zopada and Treby. We're talking. Look, cousin Betty is in a teddy. Come down our road and we'll try you to a treat. Deliverance was modeled after me. We're talking in bread. This song is really sick. Oh sick. Oh sick. We're talking in bread. This song is really sick. So sick. So sick. We're talking in bread. This song is really sick. So sick. So sick. We're talking. George is in for a weird big surprise. I mean you're living there. Somebody like you. Somebody is horny and a man of the world has even been in North Carolina. I mean what are we talking about here? In Italy and this is not something I'm making up because I'm some fact with Swiss bullficking. In Italy, especially in southern Italy, the attitude about sexuality is on a part of men. That as long as you're not on the receiving act of anal sex, you are as straight as an arrow. You are heterosexual. You are not a fact. It doesn't make any difference. What the act is as long as you're not on a receiving act. That's not only in Italy. That's in many parts of Europe. It doesn't make you gay. George. Okay. And yes, they would do it again. And again. And again. There's no fact in the church. So there you go. A little lesson for you goes to show you. You don't have to be so uptight because in the majority of the rest of the world except the rest of those chinks who are only uptight because they're very much oppressed and if anybody catches them off of your head. And the one on your neck too. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know what you do. I will admit that. I'm a college student over at FAU. Yes. And man, I tell you when they have them dorm parties. I can't admit I am a straight guy. I'm half Puerto Rican. I'm half Dominican. I'm a Muslim San Juan Puerto Rico. Yeah. Which hand? And I'm on. And are you on the verge of being our first courageous caller today who's going to tell us that is a strip. I'm a joke about. I'm a joke about. I'm a joke about. I'm a bad guy on my meat over here. You know, I don't know. I'm like you. I don't know. I'm not fast. I also promote them to this one. I'm right now. I'm probably going on once. I am a nice looking goat guy. But I have to admit and some of the other guys I know out there is straight. And one of the guys who did me from a Catholic church. Now I am going to choke today. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wow. Yeah. And how was it? No, I have to admit. I was it, sir. Was it okay? It was better than my girlfriend. Oh my god. Yes. You know, it was, you know, my girlfriend was there at the club and the guy came with his wife and there was bisexual. Came with his wife. I'm a little bit more like that. So, you know, a little bit of a little back. And it was the first time when I, I have to admit it. If it's happening again, I don't think I would say no. Because he said that a woman know it's like, but a guy always knows what it meant really wrong. Yeah, the guy knows what that thing is all about. Right. So I have to have some big co-honours and, uh, Well, congratulations, sir. If we had a million dollars in cash to give away, you'd be the one to get it. And I have to admit, including I am 24. I'm a second-size guy. All right. Thank you, though. Congratulations, sir. That's my hero right there. There's a real good, viral straight. That damn fact. I can't stand. No, that's a real upstanding. See, there you go, George. What did I tell you? And of course, it happened. The guy that was a, what do you say was a Catholic priest who did him in the missionary position? Right. That'll put that mic, whatever his name, that's thinkable like whatever that guy's name is. The keeps in an effect is right up against the wall. No, don't. He'll be running out to the church before 1230 he'll be over there. Confessing his, uh, missions. He's never, they do. They confess on their shins. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm the one who's the president of Catholic United for life. One who told you there's no gains in the priest. There's no facts in the church. Right. Okay. You're talking about that. Are you going to be able to keep a straight post today or not? Yes, sir. Okay. Are you going to keep a straight? Yes, sir. How much are you a post? You're going to be talking about the priest. One year, saying that, uh, booty. He didn't, they in, sue him. He was, well, what do they, they didn't do him? What does that mean? You didn't do him? They didn't sue him. They didn't do him, you said. Well, they didn't do him. But they, I don't know if they did him. They didn't sue him. They didn't sue him. They didn't sue him. Do you know, do you read newspapers? Yes. It's that a settlement was reached. What do you think that was? What? What's that? Now they just made that up, yeah. You better write some better material for your next call. That was really, really suck. This is weak. Yeah, you're weak. No, you're getting me. You're scared because the, the counselor, the strongest organization. The strongest organization. I thought it was a religion. Uh-huh. And we are, the religion. And we have an organization. Let me ask you something. Did your boyfriend leave you? Is that why you're making all these calls? My friend. You have a girlfriend. You have a girlfriend. I have a girlfriend. They're like you. We're like a slung. I like the one. A slung. The, the, the flung. Now I don't prefer flung. Okay, especially on French Canadians, they're grotesque. Can you hang up today? They're not facting in the church. Okay, nice to try, pal. They're very, very mature. Why yourself some better material next time. Okay, pal. He's got a girlfriend named Eddie. Oh, not that Eddie. Sorry. I just, I'm just a relentless bastard. You're right. Just keep banging away. In fact, in a position. We're talking today. We're finding all these estate guys calling him. We've had, what? 2000, we call in. We said that they've had oral sex from a men. And that they enjoyed it and would like to do it again. Here's a mobile info lottery, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Let me tell you something, Frank. What does that mean? No, I'm sorry. I do a Cuban all day long, so instead of problem, I say, Rolling, you know, like that. Yes. Um, when I was growing up in Fort Loderdale, like when I was like 16, 15, 16, I looked older than I was. Yeah. So, of course, not go to the assault stores for the, you know, the portable, but it's all that stuff. When you were 15 or 16? Yeah, yeah. I'm like, I'm like, six to I'm like, I was always sick. So, yeah. Yeah, sure. I never gave me all the time. So, so I'd go there. And I would go there, right? And I would be like, I'd be watching the movies. And like, I went to this one one time. And I didn't realize though, like, no those glory holes. You know what? No glory holes. And go, you know what they are so long. Yes, I do, yeah. Okay. Well, I didn't realize because it's dark in here, of course. Of course. And, um, you know, I feel something like touch of a touch of me. I'm like, what the hell? And that's sure it was a glory hole. Like, here's the say I was like, I stayed away from the particular section of the, uh, of the Estatles, man. Yeah. And then the soil of Tyrosin. And like, it was a one-eyed hella monsters that we had. Yeah. I probably would have was. I didn't really see what I, it was soft, then, you know, it had, you know. So, I think I was still soft. Right. Well, you know what I mean? And so, this is really embarrassing for me. But, you know, I wanted to tell you, but the other heading to happen to me was I was in an adult bushfire. And I was looking at how picking out the movies I wanted, you know, like, to look at into the booth. Yeah. I started heading into the booth. And there's black guys, you know, like, like, the jerk gay guys, you know, like, you know, like, you're the gay guys they date they like, scam in there. They wait for somebody to come in and they can do something. Yeah. Yeah. So, I looked, um, I'm getting ready to go to booth and it's black. I got to see me. He looked like, um, really cool. A little gold time black guys, you know, the movie is real black and the size of real balls. Yeah, like, like, Spencer, yeah. Right. Right. And he goes to me goes, um, I'm getting ready to go to the team and come in there with you. And I go, uh, no man, I'm not into that. And he goes, oh, man. Yeah. Oh, man. And he goes, uh, I'll give you, uh, you know, a job. And I go, no man, thanks. I'm not into that. He goes, I do a good. And I go, like, saying, you know, well, what are we going to do with good. They come on in. But, uh, yeah, I never had the feeling. So, like, I don't know if, uh, you know, you believe me or not. But that's, I do believe you. That's why I would, why would anybody make up a story like this? No, I did not make it up. See, my old man had a salon on a lot full of art. Uh, hair cutting salon, but I'm going to run gay guys on the line. So, I mean, I never, I never felt like an error felt repulsive to me. I just, it was just a faction of legs that I just didn't have any, didn't want to describe to. Yeah, but I don't think it's a genetic thing. But, you know, those black guys, they didn't develop those big lips just by accident over the years. But I, I, he was the farthest looking away from being gay. And he looked like a micro worker. Well, that's very unusual because most black, uh, phag's tend to be like little richer. They're very, very flamboyant. Back out, I think, re-all the screeners. Yeah, I hate to generalize, but I would say 99 and 910 to black gay males are like just real screeners. Right, I was in Key West over the weekend with my wife and they're just like, yeah, they got to wear ankle weight. So, it's staying in ground. What they look good though, you got to get them credit. You know, most gay like black guys, they look good. Because Louis Oliver was once told me about that, but I want where I fostered over here at the time. I want to have a great day pal. I can congratulations for having me for setting your very best. So, there's just a way to like borders right on the edge of it. Maybe they had mice or something in that joint. Okay, if I'll something squeezing through that little hole. That's a good lesson to you. Of course, in this town there aren't too many affected America generally. They've taken the doors off the booths, the video booths, and many of the adult establishment because God forbid, even if people are in their alone, we sure don't want them to be doing nothing in there. Do we? I mean, what the hell could they possibly be doing in there? Here's a mobile info, Laterdale. Hello. Hey, now, I know, you were looking for people to call them defend the church. Now, I'm going to try to do that. I don't know if I'm wrong. You're not sure if they defend the church or about what? Well, you don't know if you say that. Well, we should say, people who are offended about some of the things you say about the church, something like that. And you know, like you just made a comment about somebody about the money. So, I'm going to give them money to the church and you've got to run right away. Thanks like that. I'm going to say something. One thing is that, like, first of all, it's like you blame the view blame what the people do. I guess, I don't know the words of all four of it, man's corruption. You want to, you hold it against what the Bible stands for, and stuff like that. Sir, don't even bring me the Bible, okay? I will not debate the Bible with you. It's a Bible still a book written by primitive idiotic superstitious people. I'm over here talking about today, 1998. We're talking about religious institutions, big business. Let's stick to that. I'll talk with you about that. But I'm not going to debate all these silly books. I mean, I agree with you. But that's my dignity to get into that crap. Okay, I agree with you. But there's still a men's corruption. What does that mean? What does that mean? Men's corruption. How far was God that he was telling people a particular, what is it? Is your radio wanted to back? No, that's just the echo in this phone line, George. Yeah, that's going to have to get into the phone line. All right, let me explain. If you got a priest and I agree with you, I want a priest. I agree with you. Okay, and there's a ladder screwed up priest up there. I agree with that. I didn't see them myself. I think I should be an office of course, like three months. Why did you get out of there? Because there was one guy who was a son of a bitch who was drunk all the time. I couldn't stand him. One of the priests. And I just forget I can't do this anymore. But, you know, I've never seen firsthand that these guys are there. They molest children. But I agree that that's it. But you're going to take in blame because of that. You're going to see that the rest of them are gay. You know, the human beings. You can't do this. What does that mean? That means it just because there's a few bad apples. It wasn't one of the whole bunch of those. What is being a bad apple? Have to do it being gay. I've been priest that I've ever met in my life is a gay. And I am, what are you talking about? Bad apples? I'm not condemning them for that. I'm condemning them for their hypocrisy. That's what I'm talking about. And also the fact that that heterosexual married couples or couples that are going to get married or single people go to them for sexual counseling. And these people are busy on the other side of the, of the confessional. They're thumping away getting there. They're rocks off. That's what I'm talking about. And you know, as well as I do. You have a, all of them. Neil, come on. Sure. Maybe just most of them. Okay. You know, I don't know how you can say it. You want, very easily. I just, would you like me to say it again, sir? Most of them. Maybe all of them. Yeah. What you, you say it, but it's you to say it. But you have no proof to that. You say that you, every, every priest you met the fact. That's right. How do you know that? Because there's, there, there takes one and all once. I would bet every dime I got in the world. Well, you know, not to mention the, I said it to Catholic religion is fairly a corrupt, you know, so that's why are we talking about what is that point here? What is this point? You're going to move from, maybe you're priest to buy a new phone because that one really blows. Get out of here. I kept him on way too long because the quality of the phone was really horrendous, but then if I would have cut him off, they say he's got somebody disagreees on there's going to make a good point. He's cutting him off. Cut this cut the crap. I mean, we go through that hole. And every time you try to have one of those conversations, and I never said anything about having people defend the church. That's not what I was talking about. I got this Mike's think, oh, guy that keeps sending me 400 faxes here. That evidently can't get over the fact he was molested by a priest at the time or whatever is problem might be. I have no idea, but is obviously I just obsessed with his Catholicism. If you don't like what I'm saying, Mike, so quit wasting the paper, okay? My God, go find yourself. I go out and take communion. Rub your rosary beads. You're supposed to go away for in your post. You're supposed to take a couple of nickel wafer's in there. Get your blood sugar up. God, man, corruption, man. Oh, Jesus, talk about a man who's got no gray matter left between his ears. Just remember one thing, sir. There's no fact in the church. A Captain knows the scores, starting in May and some of last teams in. We've known only on Sports Review 560Q-A-L. Oh, man, come play with much long. It may be hangin' sounds like you're taking big and long. Hey, baby, come play with much long. You don't have the swallows, I have a large clock. Aimin' to please when you're going down on me. Oh, yeah. Where does that other man find your name? Shoot. You can't stop or something, dude. Well, there I come. The rest of it has a feeling clear. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Who's your daddy now? Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey. Oh, hey. By the way, CNN, to show you how a burning-ty-merkin people are and how they're not easily swayed. Before the president's state of union rest last night, the poll was, is, does the president set a good moral example? Only 35% said yes. He said to good oral, or moral, it was a moral example or a moral example. What are the other? Now, 98% of the men all said yes. The men, women were little pissed off. Andy Bliler, a married 32-year-old theater technician to vent cover, washing, and school of arts and academics, how the news conference Tuesday night to announce that he had a five-year affair with Lewinsky, that little bitch, and that she had bragged of a sexual relationship with the high-ranking White House official. Bliler's lawyer, Terry Giles, who had most of the talking, said he and the bliler's weren't quite notably much of Lewinsky told them because they considered her untruthful. Kathy and Andy would both describe Monika's having a pattern of pristine facts, especially to enhance her version of her own self image Giles said. Giles said, Lewinsky told Bliler, she was having oral sex with the high-ranking White House official, and was frustrated and agitated that it was all he wanted. He added that she referred to the official as the creep. Lewinsky referred the president as the creep on secretly recorded tapes made by former White House colleague, Linda Tripp. The creep. So, are we starting to see a pattern of what this was all about? So, in other words, she's a typical fat chick, making up stories about how a rod egg for love life is and everything like that. But even if it was true, you see she was jilted and they finally tossed her ass out because she was coming to work naked every day. And it's over the Pentagon. They liked that over there. They'd like to send a missile, a heat-seeking missile, and you immediately. And that was the end of that. And so, she felt jilted and betrayed and upset if this was all true. And so, not because she referred to him as the creep. Is there any doubt that she was out to make a stimulus in the song and a dent? And especially a stimulus because she's Jewish. And a roll sex to my? Oh, sorry about that. Sorry about that, ma. Oh, you know, a not a roll sex. And so, anyway, the thing about Kelly Mitchell, a channel 7, I have a facts which hadn't wrote this is true, but it says they kicked her out of the anchor's butt because she warned people to take their children out of the studio before she discussed Clinton sexual allegations on the newscast. And they evidently had a little confidence on the studio and she opened up a big person that was the end of Kelly Mitchell, a channel 7. How do you like that? Hey, those kids want to hear about it. Coconut Grove. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, what's going on? Did you hear I think I heard it in 1960 on the news? We said that there's, uh, what's any Monica bitch that the offer there, like, a couple of millions to come out and penthouse and get the story there, anything? That's fucking bitch. Do you like that? A real major slut. Yeah, who would want to see her in a separate setting way in penthouse? Exactly. Right? You got to put her like in big homes or something. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Talk about the low price spread. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I'm calling you about it because you're taking out all the time about sex. I wanted to know him. They don't give you sex or you retire. What are you, what are you saying, man? What language are you speaking? Hello? Hello? What are you saying? What language are you speaking English? I think all language. Yeah. What did you just say? Would you like to hear interpreter out of the closet for me and tell me what you just said? I see. You all the time sticking up on sex, Rental. Well, let me ask you something on the news now when they're talking about Monica Lewinsky and the president. What is that about? Is that about sex or is it about the world affairs? I'm thinking about you. I don't think about nobody else. What is the topic that is in the news? I don't think you don't call so damn you. Man, you are. You are going to be all sex. That is our question. Then you're giving all sex, man. You don't get it. Call in. Have a sex. Bye. Okay. Go get a towel. She's probably had more. C'mon. C'mon. Carter's got pills in Monica Lewinsky. But she's less than baby. She can tell you what I've been talking about all day long. And since she says you always talk about this, she's less than every day. Every single day. But it compels her. The spirit of Christ compelter. Like they said in the exes. Remember that father, Marin? The spirit of Christ compels you. The spirit of the. I'm going to have a bunch of bull crap with us already. Okay. Like David Sivirl and the witch doctor. Once they start talking his religious cock, I'm asking how to make you lose. We're having a good time here today. We're having a hell of a good show. And then all of a sudden these these maniacs. They started going to a heat because they started hearing all this stuff about priest. And of course, we all know that. I mean, that's no, that's no big news. That is, that's as old as the hills. And there's that certain element. Just like her, she goes off the defense. She may have actually been enjoying herself and have a good time with the show today. Until all of a sudden, she said priest. But I mean, but I'm not by. She's going nuts out there. Mobile in Miami. When is top of this? I do a nail great. Hey, I'd like to talk about your religious views. I'm probably happy that I've been talking to so many of the same views that I have. It just it seems to me that whoever can't cooperate with reality has to cope with religion. There you go. People who are weak. People who are like little lending. They don't have enough balls to deal with reality and with death and face the world away. It is, which is not that pleasant. And so they have to have a crush. That's exactly right. Sir, very, very weak people, which is most people. If you think about it, most people that do turn to Christy Christian to end views. Any of it, they're usually like recovering alcohol with drug addicts. Oh, yeah, that's real. It's prostitute to what have you. Right. People that just can't cope with reality. I'm glad that I finally have somebody that's on the radio and actually talking about these dudes. They don't go. Exactly. There you go. Oh, thanks a lot. Neil, nice talking. God bless you, my child. All right. Don't sneeze. I'm not going to be the only one that's been going on. I'm going to be the only one that's been going on. It's been a long overdue. There need to be about ten thousand of us who, you know, just talk. It's got a question of anti religion. It's just talking common sense in talking reality and just trying to strike back at the stranglehold that all these big corrupt businesses have on a brains of the human race. And especially in his country, you go to Western Europe. And even though there are plenty of churches, many of them vary very, very old. The attitudes of most people on religion, except in Northern Ireland, where they're killing all over each other because of it. The attitude to most people is that, ah, who cares? It's not a big deal. It's a bunch of bubble micees, which it is. Bubble micees, like that old spickwoman, a call to men and a go, just keep repeating that lady. Bubble micey, bubble micey, bubble micey, that's it. Again, I'm going to let's close enough for a start. Bubble micey, just say that over and over again. And stop giving and slap and giving your money and your energies to a lot of fairy tales so you can make a lot of fags and dresses richer and richer. I'll all tell you one thing, now that they can't get any insurance anymore, any liability insurance. They may be not so rich. That's why they need more of your money. That's why the folks run around saying, make a lot more babies. We need your money. Because they keep getting all these lawsuits, all these molestation suits, and they keep settling them out of court in behind closed doors and in behind erect a Marine Pan-off million dollars. So we know they must all be invalid. Or is that invalid? While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two can you theft on the rise? The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Garalarm, now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. In a way from my portable field, you think M.F. Remember when we used to push the back of Carabie and we ought to get a bundle of the nation's name. The white one, the cooler. In a way from my portable field, you think M.F. How is that? I am sexist, but for a Saturday like that, I take your money. I take your money from my portable field, you think M.F. To wait for my portable field, you think M.F. We never some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safe, but with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my portable field, you think M.F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm now, and receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my portable field, you think M.F. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Garalarm, now available with all their stories. Or did you spit? Did he issue a sub-fer to wait? Thoughts lying? On the cover, you go, K. Come head to the other one, this guy's mad. You'll be tired, sir. Stay, young, with him on the phone. Provide you can start with a stiff permit, harder, and best of G.S. On the side, on the side, on the side, on the side, what's a nice Jewish girl like you? On the side, on the side, on the side, wearing a dress with present doom. Did you see a silly, and where you surp dry? To find that way, it was done, sir, it's good to take the reload, change their Chinese growth on the cover. On the cover, on the cover. Also speaking of Monaco Lwinsky, and you notice much, much, much less to be said now, because Kenneth Starr is getting kind of look warm on this bitch. You notice that? And there may not be any deal, because there may not be nothing there, and maybe it's all a lot of smoke. That's fucking bitch. That's right, maybe she's only blowing smoke. But anyway, if buried, this should have been on the front page of the newspaper today, but buried on page 10, A, as they see in Toronto, is these a couple of reassured paragraphs, which should give you a pretty good idea of where this whole thing lays in lies right now. It says in discussions with prosecutors that determine what a Lominsky should be granted immunity from prosecution, Ginsburg, that's William Ginsburg, her attorney, has not offered him to have his client make those statements set of lawyer involved in the case. One of the lawyers said that tapes indicate that Lewinsky, now, 24, characterized the president's remarks more as a suggestion and not a directive by any means. In other words, like maybe it would be a good idea, not too letting anybody know that you're sucking my, you know what I'm saying? And not a directive like go lie about it. I'm, et cetera. So you notice how the story keeps changing. Faster than Monaco's panties, it's changing like crazy. Also, judge says, Navy violated Don't Ask Don't Tell. The ruling came amid accusations that the Navy is pushing senior petty chief officer Timothy Armigvey with the punishing, with the meaning jobs, and exposing him to possible assault. In the first sexual ruling of federal judge set on Thursday, that the Navy violated the military's Don't Ask Don't Tell, policy, let it be dismissed to say her for a homosexuality based on an anonymous online message. And it goes on and all and then of course they're going to appeal it in voice to a lot of your taxpayer money, and the courts will finally say, you're full of crap and pay him $50 million and don't pass gold, et cetera. I really hope you use it on the ear. I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least, at the living year 40 years. I've never heard anything as disgusting as the seawrottage program I've heard of before. So it's pornographic. And I thought of my granddaughter of one of my kids looking to his bizarre. I have an entire frantic, I am done listening to your station. This is a horrible growth thing I have ever heard, and as far as I'm concerned, you're up my book, goodbye. As the days go on, I think we must be accomplishing some tremendous things on this program because I'm noticing that there are, like that guy we had on the V-mail there, tremendous number of people who are bitterly offended and deeply upset, and what's the other word? Disgusted. Disgusted and offended. It was just upstairs, several power people, sales people, and otherwise they're getting nunchs messages on their voice mail, and also just by association. Really? Just because we're in same building. Alright. Excellent. So we must be doing because I've said before, if you're on the ear, and you're not pissing off a lot of people and getting a lot of people really grossed out and we've bolded and upset, you're not doing anything. You're boring. You're just plain boring. Anybody can go on the ear and be boring. Anybody can go on the ear and kiss ass. But to go on the ear and get everybody worked up into a frenzy, and I noticed really last night at the hockey game at the premiere arena. I noticed before the game and in between periods when I was walking down the hallway to go take a leak and whatever else, I noticed that you can see it in the faces of people. There are a lot of people like there always have been who come up to me, know that I'm the hockey god, the hockey may be there. They're very appreciative of the fact that I've been speaking out for them, and not just chilling like somebody's other people. And then there's another, again, a criss-er-hole bunch of people, I haven't got any ID who I am, which is fine. And then there's another group of people who look at me like, oh, it's the anti-grite, it's that disgusting fact, which I take tremendous pleasure in it. I love that. I enjoy it tremendously. So keep those up, not just be male messages coming, and remember they will be played on ear, but I give that guy credit. You said, I hope you do play this on ear. Here remembers QAM when it was, but it was one hundred and a half. When it was boring, I remember that too. Like I bought 400 years ago. We WQAM and WFUN were basically the only A-N stations that anybody cared about except for WIOD, which all the old far-tars used to listen to. Remember that station? WIOD. Oh, I hate that station. And that was basically it. That was your, that what about wins? I and Z was on ear, and those day Jerry Wichner was there getting his wig stolen time at the time again, and freaking out about it. Yeah, but they weren't playing Abba. You think that Jerry Wichner's wig is related to Bob Eisenberg? We'll have to check that out. Only Bob doesn't change color like Jerry's used to. So yesterday we did this show where we're talking about oral sex because the president and Monica Lewinsky, if nothing else, they brought oral sex by me right into the forefront of American society. Everybody is looking into that. So to speak. And what's, why is it disgusting and offensive if we talk about it here on the ear? When all the people on CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, CBS, ABC, a Fox News, they're all talking about it. Time magazine, I think I used to turn blow job or something like that. Yeah, I think they did. Well, that's a legitimate forum. And we're just a bunch of goofballs and we're going to say it and then to hit her. Yeah, because we might actually enjoy it. Like the people at time magazine don't enjoy a good blow job, right? Right. See, you can't deal with the truth. We've got so many emotional cripples out there. It's terrifying to me. It's very sad. Oh, I don't like what he says. Well, I don't care what he like what I say, but what I say happens to be pretty much on target. And what I say also, you won't hear anybody else in because like I told you the other day, most of them are about your ass kisses. Why is it that so many people give very, they just become unglue when they hear things that challenge the preconceptions that they've been very satisfied to hold for years and years and years and years. And somebody says, well, guess what you're full of crap. Oh, no, it can't be. Well, guess what you are. You've been led down the garden path, you ass holes. See, one other thing I wanted to make very clear. And that is that those people who complain to the power 96 people, complain to Greg Reed, complain to Duff Lindsey, complain to this one. This show ain't going anywhere. Except straight to the top. That's where we're going. That's where we're going. So, you have choices. You know, you can either continue listening and being pretend you're being aggravated, even though you really like it. You can turn it off, find something else to do like a buttonplay golf, which would be good for boring people who don't like the show. Or you can just like, you know, just get in a car and just wander off the Hershey Highway somewhere and get out of our lives. Nobody is forcing anyone to listen to this show. But they're disgusted and they're revolted and they're good. Excellent. This is such a goddamn boring town anyway. These just work hard for dogs in town. Thaking clean, raise your hushes, and so, just pursue the best example of their own people and discuss their revolted people? Even that alone, at least has made an negociate a little bit. That's how monoco is doing. My God, what's wrong with these uptype Hutch alcoi, tease me! Hheiruse David. Well Estehouse a KateJesusx, a neuroscillator, however, a boy whose And so she'd lose a good b without us. But one of the nights they get together and they basically collect money like a cover charge. They show poor no slicks and whatever they can pick up they feed. That was before the VCR is really there are all these little 8 millimeters or whatever they were. Right. And they sell booze there to the brothers and get everybody drunk and everybody's horny. Well, they decided they were going to bring in a couple of girls to relieve all these horny guys. There's about 20 or 30 guys there and I never have any oral sex from a man. At least that if I haven't, you know, that I know honestly. But these two girls that came in they looked great. They gave oral sex to about 20 or 30 guys a couple of them went back in for seconds. And the bottom line was at the end of the evening. I found out they were men. Right. They were men. They were men. And I don't know what they were. Wow. And these guys went in for seconds. So I don't know if that helped. I just wanted these guys to find out about that after we're to run. The pledges were scared to death to let the brothers know because they felt that they would be severely punished for that. Yeah. The macho a lot of the smotio image, you know. And they didn't want, we didn't want other fraternities to find out. So there you go. I think it proves that don't ask don't tell us probably a pretty good idea. Exactly. They did find out a couple of days later. Yeah. And most of the guys took it and tried and didn't think much about it. They took it and tried it. But they did. But they were, to coin a phrase. They were waxing the shalelees pretty good. Unbelievable. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you sir. Bye, fine. Have a good one. There you go. With your eyes closed, who knows the difference for turnity? Oh yeah. They do such silly things. What do you think they use on a Greek names and Greek letters? You're not talking about. Correct. Are you? Here's a mobile and poppin' on. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing, brother? Great. Um, last night I was watching this movie on HBO. You know, talking about this priest thing. You know, this week, it was a movie called Judgment. I don't know if you've seen it. It was about this priest whom he left the kids. And then you know, finally, you know, they proved that he did it. You've seen it. You spoke about it. Well, that was the one that was on the CBC first. I think. I don't know. Yeah. I'm just saying. That the end of the movie, they had this caption where now the insurance company's won't ensure the charge because this guy was sued on the Catholic Church was sued for like 1.25 million. And now they're like, you know, they're hanging out the drive these guys. I don't know. I just don't believe a bull. I think they need to really deal with this thing. They're not going to be a part of the deal with it. They're paying off people behind. I mean, they've been doing that for years. And that's the right idea of dealing with it. And they're in denial. And every once in a while, they're coming along and they make a blanket apology. And they say, we're sorry that we did you want to blanket. And that's the right idea of dealing with it. They just they just continue being in denial. 60 minutes to that piece with Mike Wallace of about five, six years ago. What I showed that so called rehab place in New Mexico. Or they sent a priest to be rehabilitated. And then they sent us some other, some other parish somewhere where for more of where they were in the first place. And they go in and start molesting a bunch of kids there. It's just like a shovel. You know, they just shovel them around their places from under one other. And they just pretended not going on. Right. Well, when I was growing up as a kid, you know, I was always kind of a Catholic church. Luckily, I was smart enough to, you know, not not to become an old boy. I was not to get into the, I was even kicked out of a C.C.D. Excellent. Congratulations. So I brought, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I mean, you know, you know, you have no choice but to go back to trees and you know, you know, you know, you won't be a kid to do this. Well, you know, kind of, you know, you had your connections, you know, your ideas, you've been careful not to be into real with a couple of things. You know, you know, I am so busy working of course. All right, hey guys, if your single and spend most of your night alone in your room, why not work out? Get there I drip it easy with solo flex solo flex is the high tech workout device that's affected because it works on one muscle at a time In fact, it works on only one muscle, but you can set it up in 20 different ways to work on that one muscle Yes, there's nothing like a session with solo flex to get sweaty and feel good about yourself Tommy, are you in there? Hello? What are you doing in there Tommy? And when you're done or if you're interrupted, solo flex folds up quickly and hides in the back earcloth solo flex in the 90s working out alone is a safe and healthy way to go call now for a free hands-on Demonstration we got the mobile in Miami next to low Yes, sir, are you today very well tremendous never been better? Listen, I want to call in because I'm one of those guys who's had Both sexes give head and hell I enjoyed it a quite a bit of my calling in. I do like that There we go For your listeners after there is a different definite difference between a male and a female given head and what is answer? Obviously guys know there no guys by the whole up there. That's that's my point and Also, I ask how many of the Catholics do you think are calling asking for those videos today? Oh my god. Did my fact in the church? Definitely none I grew up here in Miami. I went to a Christian school and not so I'm sorry That's God you're the one you mean you're the one guy that didn't go to Columbus side that can talk about a story I want to call in and just kind of share that with you and your listeners. Thank you so much I'm ready and join it. Hey, you have a good one and back to you. I wish I did the facts machine is very quiet They're just not gonna come out of the closet there and of course you had to open up your big mouth about how we get the numbers What an asshole you are? We're not interested in tracing their numbers We're not trying to intimidate. We're just trying to force a little bit of honesty here Which is not gonna happen trust me? We're not interested and I was doing all we are not well You're not here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello in Hylia. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I just want to know why you're so mean What does that mean? What does that mean? Why are you sitting at all? I'm not why are you an asshole? I'm not an asshole. Why can you just be nice like all the gay guys? What about it be nice about what? What are you talking about? I'm talking about you. Why what is not nice? I'm one of the nicest people you'd ever know. Do you know me if you ever met me? I know you're familiar This is a radio show. Do you know the difference between a radio show which is entertainment and real life Or you want those people who so stupid that you don't know the difference. I know the difference So what are you all talking about? I'm talking about you Yeah, so why do you let you know the show if you don't like what I do on here? Why don't you just be nice like all the way? Let me ask you again. Why do you listen to the show? Answer my question No, answer my question. Why do you listen rather than call me and tell me how to be I just miss me and you just like an asshole So what are you listening for that makes you an asshole if you keep listening long enough to call in here? I'm not a pain guy. What is it? What is it? That is not a hush without a f**k I had to add in here you silly. I mean that's so that's some kind of you. You're not even at the sandbox level. You're an asshole Oh, you're a big asshole. Get out of here you silly bitch She just happened to be listening you listen to the show where we damn day sweetheart every day My holy at friend and I guarantee if I had tickets here for and we can't get a glaze use or Luis Miguel or Julio Eglaseus or Ricky Martin or some spixine about there I guarantee you to be sucking around here like I was the greatest things in sliced guaya bearers Whatever the hell that is and if you don't want to wear them eat them as what I say eat this I can't you be saying a call the other gay guys. Yeah, all the gay guys. I know our real sweetheart Okay, I know some gay people would like eat you up for breakfast not literally of course Man, oh man, what a stupid stupid there you go one of yours. One of those ones you were talking about yesterday Right, I try to tell you oh my god probably got a big fat ass two no doubt Well, that's the best part of the area. That's what I'm thinking here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir first of all I'd like to thank you for the shirt. I got a couple weeks ago from you Thank you very much. Oh that chicken cider t-shirt. Yeah, when you're certainly welcome sir. We're in good health. Okay, and I got a story for you But the men pleasing and thing and I'll get as I here and say it doesn't happen. Okay, okay You know the little um keep show the rooms they go at the adult bookstore, right? Okay, but a year and a half ago I'm inside of one now. Please don't tell me there was a glory hole in the wall because I'm not old enough here these stories Well, there was a glory hole in the wall. Oh, I did it. I did not know what I didn't I know what this was at the time I was in there. I mean there for you. I think there were like mice in the place or something Yeah, I didn't see it like I didn't notice it. You know, I just I just went in there. Right, and I'm I'm in there What were you doing in there? I was but you can you can use your imagination. Okay, okay, and I'm watching and I'm watching Looking through about two minutes after I'm in there something pops through the door Nothing else yeah, definitely a mall that it's most and and it was very complicated Did it want to get a lot of nowhere was in the next room Needless to say I Close the door oh and I got out of there in a second yeah, and this place happens to be about two blocks from Columbus senior high school Ha And a like a baby. Maybe was father O. J Yeah All the girls that work here with me they love you, but they're all afraid to call you well at least they're out of they got that other bitch Yeah, they got her beat by about a hundred yards They back out of an anobote, well, I like to I like to call um Ms. Arran Aintran a flaming douchebag because they're very, they're, I mean, they're just chicken to call you. Tom, does stand up for a parole glory? Amy, I can't, can I stick around for a while, I gave videos for it? Sure, no problem. Okay. Now, which one do you want? How about horse video volume one? That'll be the big event of their week. I mean, are they really home like a horse? Because that's all they want. Like Harry Elefante? Like Harry Elefante? I'm going to give them Harry Elefante. You want to say hi to Michelle, and ask you what's it I do? You want to say hi to Michelle? No problem. Okay, one second. One second. Come here. Come here Michelle. Do not be on the show. Do not be on the show. Neil does not bite, Neil has never been. You want a bat, you're so cool. That's going to see. I do throw my little. Hello. Hi, Michelle, how are you doing? I'm finding yourself. Are you terrified of me? Are you scared? Do you have the idea that I'm some kind of a nasty, miserable bat? No, actually, well, he is not just my coworker. He's my boyfriend, but he's coming to my story to buy you. Oh, bet. I'll bet. Don't believe any of them. And keep away from those glory holes, too, Michelle. Really? No, that was way before us. I'm so afraid. I think it was at least a week ago. Okay, I'm on the radar. Well, send you something good. Okay, thank you. Hang on. Take care of Michelle and her glacier boy from their line three. Hi, Ali, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, that you had the other caller. The, the, he was, he had technical to priest everything. Yes, sir. I don't believe it. I don't believe it. I think he's bitter. And I think he does things like that in the church. Oh, this is the same guy again. Yes, it is. Oh, well, what? Are you going to be calling us every day with this bubble. Why should you come up with a new routine? Look at you. Could you all, what are you talking about? A stop sounding like something like guilty now. Okay, you're auditioning for the morning show? No. No. Bring it down. Bring it down. Bring it down. Bring it down. A couple of octaves and stop sounding like a gilding. You're talking, you're talking to the guy. Where are you going? Now you're talking to us like a real man. You're talking to, you're talking to the Catholic church. Yes, sir. I don't attack the Catholic church. I attack all churches, all synagogues, all Hindus. Oh, you're keeping your religion. Why are you sending your religion? I'm not ashamed of any religion. I don't believe in fairy tales, sir. Do you? You're not very valuable. I'm just going to try to get another one to work here at QAM. Get out of here, you're weak today. There's no fact in the church. Okay, that's it. You're already made promo once, pal. Don't push your luck too hard. He's pushing it. Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer. And you're listening to it. And go for it. Weekday, after minutes of two sports radio 560 QAM. QAM. WQA. This is proud to bring you the WQA of School of Broadcasting. Yes, you too. Can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio. If you follow our curriculum, the courses free. Of course, you'll work for free. Call 1-800-1-B. And speak to our director of education, Mr. Letty Margen. No, you might be a black asser. Oh, a white asser. Black asser. Yes. Oh, no. Bro, can you say news? You need to know news. News. Yes. Guys, that news is news. News. How's that going to tell you now? Yeah, we have the news begin. Of course. We've been up to meet. We've been waiting for you. We've been waiting for you. We've been waiting for you. No, baby. We have the objective. There's a way, woes. We've been waiting for you. Come as you go. We're going to do this. Go on, right now. We're being asked to meet. Go on, right now. Go on, right now. Go on, right now. Go on, right now. Go on, right now. Go on, right now. And no baby, we have done it. I feel like that is in. And I'll send you a book stolen. Danger. Watching. Okay. Put it in after me. And yeah. No, that's what I want you to receive. Get in. Okay. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. And yeah. And no, baby, this woman's guilty when they're lost. You and no, mom. Yeah. So wonderful world of radio. Ah, radio. Where you can hear your own voice. Let the WQAM school a broadcasting provider. Who the essential tools you'll need to make your wick radio dreams come true. I mean, as one one two. Where will you live? Here's your brand honey. And again, it's so crappy. You know, I'd give my immortal soul for a brand that tastes good. I heard that. The out of the world of the underworld. Where are you going here? I heard you're not eating your fiber bob. Perhaps you'd like to try new beels of bread. What's so great about the else of brand? Well, one bowl of beels of bread has all the fibers you'll need to keep regular. But the best part is it tastes great. Wow. Besides, if you don't eat your fiber, your bowels will call the water. You'll toss the whole thing as country was too much in big shards. I'm so happy. Okay, okay. I get the points. So all you can bring? There's a good fellow. Thanks, O Desolate One. There's no problem. And now, about your immortal soul, Bob. The Al's is a good, getting. The Al's is a good health. Because good health, chicken clasp, do your soul. There's smoke in it out in the Everglades. Voices. Every time you turn around, there's another one coming straight for you. Your mom, your girlfriend, your body's right. And somehow your voice, the one that really matters, gets very, but man, you can't let it stay silent. And that's why the Air Force could be the place for you. You'll earn a good salary. Learn from a hundred and forty-five. And serve your country. Well, that's the right. Well, it's right. Foss is followed. What was that about? He came in here and he said, we're all red in the face. Well, I guess he wasn't red in the face. It's kind of hard for Roy Foster to be red in the face. Well, you know what a black guy gets red in the face. You know? But at any rate, he like looked at Barrister. He said to me, oh, well, he's talking about my personal stuff on Air. I said, what personal stuff you're using? Oh, my plumbing problem. So we take it back. Roy Foster's right. Oh, he didn't care about the other thing. You keep thinking it's about that stuff with that sales broad. No, he didn't care about that. Everybody knows that. No, he's concerned that people will like somehow a discreet ex-dolphin player whom we all admired when he played all always really badly out of shape and fat now. And we understand why he tried to act in that because he's big as a house. But at any rate, he did not shed blood. I just made it up. Not. We talked about Maya incident on the year before. Remember? Well, you shed blood. Right. And all these people were calling me and the doctor on the beach was calling me. Yeah. To the blood. But you're not uptight and sensitive. And when you blush, sure, we can see. So we know when you're offended. But when Roy blushes, we can't see it. So that's at Coastal Show. One more good reason not to be black because if you're going to be sensitive and start blushing about stuff, how that'll be supposed to be known. I don't know what it got damaged. So Roy did not crack black or a green. Whatever it was. Purple. Red. Whatever color it was. Oh, it was purple. Okay. What I would just go upstairs and do what's your name and get out of here. Right. Go sell some spots. Here's their field. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Never been better. Listen, I just stepped into house for a minute and put the TV on. You should hear Pat Robertson praying for Carl Faye Tucker. So well, too late now. Hey, the one that's going to fry. You know, why should it be any different for the men than this for the women? Yeah. You know, you stick an axe through someone. They're going to fry you. Has nothing to do with men or women. It has to do with that. She's born again, sir. Don't you understand. She's a born again. Christian now and how that she's changed. So maybe O.J. You know, see the light. Yeah. Well, fact, this is it. Oh, she's already to go meet her maker. Good. I wish I could pull the switches are flip it for. Or you're the needle. Stick a tour. Yeah. Have a great day, Pat. See you around. You know, the best place is to put a card on a card. What's your yentas? See it goes to show you why we have no spots on most of the day on A station, because most of the people are supposed to be selling and we're coordinating Most kind of activities are busy. Papa. Papa. Are you at the routine? So George tells me during the last break that he's had several calls from upstairs. Up stairs, upstairs, meaning the power structure of this joint, we're all the yentas Sit around all day finger, doing it, didling each other. Or themselves. Or both as the case may be. We're trying to get the stains off their clothing. And people wanting to know, are you okay on there? So I can't go in on because Joe Costello is in here today. Who of course is usually back at the other joint getting empathy from what's in the building. And he's just sitting here observing the day in case the course And he's the backup, if we can say that, in case George is going to be out sick, Which being here today, Joe means come out in the next couple of weeks. Trust me, he's already planning the days. But I mean, doesn't that show you how pathetic and paranoid you ask? And George says to me, oh my, get in fire right now, yeah, because he just bought a house that would be a good time to fire his ass. Although at least you always circumcised, I'll say that. That was only an accident that I just dropped my cigar. It wasn't, it wasn't. No, no. If I'm brushing down there, it's only because it's cigar-ass. Let's go to a mobile and West Palm Beach, Hillel. Hey, what's on the other side? How you doing, sir? I got a couple of quick questions for you to call the comments. Okay. You swine over the hurt just before you came over to our QAM. And basically, let's do a few times at the open mind. I think your insight on hockey is excellent. I think, you know, a lot about the game. And I appreciate some of the things I hear in your comments about it. Yes, sir. But as far as your other comments, I mean, I'd rather you stick to sports. I don't understand why you'd rather I stick to sports. Well, let me say this to you, sir. Again, I don't do a sports show. I don't do a hockey show. I don't do a sports show. I do a highest rate of show in this market for the last 20 years. But he'll rather show and we'll continue doing so. Don't hang up on me. I'm not hanging up on you, but I will say this. I don't take direction from listeners, especially people that don't even know what my show is about. Okay. Well, I can't keep my voice in open mind. Okay. But I've been on the year now here for like five weeks. And it would seem to me that if the only part that you like here and is the hockey stuff, which represent about five percent or most of my show that you would have been long gone by now.