Sports radio 516, WGQAM, Miami-Port Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers show, which on the field called 5600562, free-spirited, narrow-art, or 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil is yes, callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the feasly broadcast group now. Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QA-AM, scores died 3-3 at the bottom of the 17th, won ball and one strike, whom's in the wind up in the 1-1 pitch. Come on, get them deep to right field, you can't kiss it goodbye. Oh, safety to the ESS-30 out of sight, he's created it. There's a lot of people in the world who are not waiting for you. They're not waiting for you. They're not waiting for you. They're not waiting for you. They're not waiting for you. They're not waiting for you. That's why I came to tell my wife, and it's out of sight. What's wrong with your mother? You're here, you're here. You're here. You're here. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? Give me an hour's time, please. All the perfect, This is a Polish model. Here. Here. Here. Hi nakwai. I have a son! She's so good at that. And all the guys don't look cute for a pretty like mine. She's cute. Be my world's honey. That's what I'm talking about. Be my honey. Be my honey. Be my honey. Okay. Okay. Good. I watched a wrestling match with big food men, with sweaty cracks. They would try to grab each other's ass, very nothing more than the tiny jeans strap. But when they rang the bell and the match was over. I couldn't help but notice I had a big bow now. I want a being a red alert. And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth. I want a being a red alert. Press your feet and push him inside and out. Right, Tom. Why have you made it to the little guy? Stick my hand between another man's legs. Hold on, I pull my hands away. I get to sell my finger. You know that other than some time to train, you don't need to have much of a brain as long as it's the shower after you work out. You don't have a leg in someone's balls in your mouth. And so that's why sweet candy messy and too smelly. That's why they like to rub sat-k-y on their belly. I want a being a red alert. And for changing more rounds just like you. I want a being a red alert. And they'd be run for governor too. As long as they're the tracks of crowds, I don't find the way down. Rubber seat pieces that they're locked with some fluffy queer. Ten or five at five sixty. WCU I'm happy Wednesday too. I'm a day a hitters day hand this week. I was positive but was Thursday. Was that like wishful thinking is what I want? I thought today is payday. I thought it's today. We got the ball game in 12. That's tomorrow God damn it. Anyway, the reason I've played that restless thing again is we ran out of time yesterday. By the way, thank God this is a show we don't have 26 minutes of commercial spots in our house. By apologies to the morning guys by the way. Now I understand why they have to keep back in at last break of his coast of the top of the ours possible to try to squeeze a little bit of show in there. And thank God that we had like some agreement even though they backtracked and lied about it. I want to say screw in about the number of the maximum minutes of commercials they could run a new show before we started here. And just like I told her right to her a push that screw in. I said if we let you run 50 minutes of commercials an hour you do it and she just could laugh that fucking bitch. Yeah, that's right. So we have no spots right. I mean all spots ready in the morning giving new meaning to the word no show because there isn't any more. Good luck guys. You'll need it. 26 minutes of commercials an hour. Which you don't take a mathematician to figure out almost 50% of each hour and then you know then you put in the update stop and think about that how many updates do they do an hour. I don't want to show. Two. Oh, I think they do too. I know you don't listen to do why but I mean I think they do too. So what the hell is that you're putting like a three or four minute update twice. 26 and eight is 34. Huh. And then of course that silly region music they got coming back. What is that lead? What have they got about 15 minutes in there? Christ on. Might you what do you guys complaining about? Just because nobody's going to listen anymore. What are you pitching about? So anyway yesterday at the end of the show is we were running out of time unfortunately. We had two. Now the first guy the young guy I thought he was a put on maybe he was getting a psychotic. Okay. Because once you start out give you a classic example of good analogy. Sam the sham art promotions man was just in here and I opened up that. I couldn't even book the second one the one by Gary Indiana and I showed him that picture which nobody has ever seen before. Don't buy the book because the last there like I told you sucks but go into your book story just kind of peruse through it and then look in the last picture. If you want to see Koonana dead on the bed. I mean if you're into one of those people, I don't see dead people and if you know sand douche brag or promotions guy and you look at that picture. You'll say oh my god. What happened to Sam? And he walked on and he did you had no comedy. Look at the picture and he just kind of shook his head. He's going to be thinking about that for days. That's going to be disturbing him tremendous. Oh! I know that he had like a twin, a gay twin brother. And speaking of that getting back to wrestling. So yesterday at the end of the show we had two calls then we ran out of time god dammit. Because Hank was on there at the lipped him. That sounds you know what does that sound like? The lipped him. That sounds like really fatally you know. I know it's a tennis tournament. That sounds like real fatally the lipped him. Huh? Like a tea thing. Which it is, by the way. Yeah. Like a little demitas. Huh? It sounds so dainty. Oh yes. Rod at the lipped him. Oh god. But at any rate so I just think about wrestling. Which I didn't think was all I revolutionary. And then of course book a branded great bit about it. Which I think he was right on target. And the last caller there yesterday that guy who claims to be a neighbor of mine. And he made a very bizarre comedy. He said, oh no, professional wrestlers are like, you know, real. I know a lot of them and most of them are real fine gentlemen. Well, why couldn't they be fine gentlemen and be gay? I mean, I'm a fine gentleman. I'm a fat. What's wrong with that? You know, unfortunately I ran out of time before I could straighten this guy out. So to speak. Then low and behold in the sports sections in both the Harold and the Sun Sentinel this morning. The all, the all county all, Howard wrestling team. Now, I don't, I'm not casting no dispersions because these guys first of all are all high school kids. That's number one. I wouldn't touch any of them with your hand by the way George, but nevertheless. Oh, seriously. I mean, I'm sure that they're all fine of standing young gentlemen. But their pictures of these guys in these one and these very silly looking one piece. You know, for these outfits, these skin tight outfits. And of course you do realize the reason that they have the skin tight and coming all the way down to the knee or just above the knee. And so that nothing kind of like, I'm going to get the red kind of like sticks out because that would be kind of embarrassing. You know, huh? Right in the middle of a wrestling match and there's a stiffy hanging out right there on your thigh. That would be bad. Huh? And of course this way also the opponent can't like reach in there. You know, like you were in just like a, like another sports, you know? Pantaloonies like shorts. They could reach right in there and then you, it would be real dangerous. So this makes it more challenging, which is why there's so much grouping and grappling and running going on. So we're going to take a survey on that today. By the way, I have a whole list of different occupations and sports. And we'll find out which has got the highest percentage of, well, you know. You have a daily autistic, enabled, you know? St. Persons are dark to Jack. St. Persons are dark to Jack. Lugging your machine, because there's no turning back. St. Persons are dark to Jack. I've got no digestive track. And my host is dead, I know good and overack. St. Persons are dark to Jack. Another sick person to dark to Jack. I'm looking very pale. And my host men stop doing my mail. Please tell me before they throw you in jail. Another sick person to dark to Jack. I'm ready for the dream. To be a filthy, empty and let it breathe. Got a giant towel rolled in to my roastman. Wow, boy, talk about a quick end. And that's what's going to happen to Dr. Jackie's defend himself. In hot water, I guess. I believe he's in an assisted suicide, and that's what he's doing to himself. So anyway, what do we do with those tickets, by the way? We do have a pair of tickets at Greg Reed. Thank God he only stood as far as the doorway with this monologue, he's spreading around a building like crazy, because he believes in a kind of monologue monologue approach to management. And Joe Castello's sick today. What's up with that? Uh-oh. Joe Castello was out sick today. What did I tell ya? Man comes in and he's got mononucleosis. I warned him on Monday. I said, well, he told me about this as whole family's got it. He got it. The reason he got it is because it's highly contagious. And he comes into work. Like we need him here, like a hole in the head. All the way does have a pair of free tickets. Now the game is sold out tonight. Big big game is pop out planned tonight. No, no. So I'm really interesting stuff here before I get back to the wrestling stuff. You know, gorgeous George. Everybody knew gorgeous George was, you know, professional wrestling has always been a, you know, it always been. I got a call to hear yesterday at the end of the show. I mean, you know, you're so full of it. Why I understand that it's a blow to the image of the whole thing, but anybody that doesn't see this is unfortunately what the so-called straight community can't deal with. You know, when those of us have to point out to them, you know, it's like like disco, you know, we had to like hold you guys by the hand and drag you right out of the dance floor and sure that disco was worth it. And your protested with all the bumper stickers disco started and you still liked it, you know, they liked it a lot, but you've pretended to put on an act you hated it. All the arts, everything, you know, artsy, farcey, everything, everything, every kind of clothing you name it. How's Johnny doing, by the way, oh not too good. Once again, no more. Anyway, popbell burry is close to returning. There's so many things that I find just amusing and amazing. But he will not be back for the range of game tonight. Will he be back? No. Will he be back Friday? Well, it says it's likely he'll be back Friday versus Nashville or Sunday versus New Jersey at the latest both are homigans. It feels better, but it's not there yet. Burry said of his knee after Tuesday's skate Friday. I don't know. Hopefully it's not too much more time before I can come back. He said, oh, you only got 13 games left. They're only fighting for their lives in the play off. Well, I don't know. You know, well, I take it by him. He's great. He's the best, but he don't know. You know, let's not push it. And the interesting part of it is that the coach, you don't miss their hot shot, TM, he's leaving it up to him now. It's his decision is the one he's going to be able to come back. I mean, for 10 million a year, you don't want the coach in. Well, you know, this is really awfully important. We desperately need these points. You know, you better get in there. God forbid. And by the way, now yesterday with all the trades that were 30 players, 21 deals. We yesterday being the trading deadline in the NHL. And the Panthers unloaded Red Warner, who was another one of those kids who never developed any organization. You know, one of the youngsters that, you know, kept hearing about never played well. And by the way, on Empire sports on the fan format today, they said one of the reasons that he liked to tear reddit was because he really stuck to join out under Joe Serrull last year. That's why the defense was so bad last year. Joe Serrulla. Nice gone, Airbnb. Man, that couldn't play defense. So how does he going to teach it? But anyway, so we got my Wilson from the Buffalo Sabers. Now, swap one defenseman that we wanted out of here for a defenseman that they didn't like it all up there. They wanted him out. And I've never thought he was underrated. I don't think he's that bad. But wait till you hear this about my Wilson. He split into the Lindi rough dog house to coach of the Sabers. Let him do the rough dog house at times. He was late for meetings late for this. Late for that. And that's going to go over real big with TMN. Late for meetings. Oh, you ain't planned tonight. Late for practice. Oh, you ain't planned tonight. Late for dinner. Oh, you ain't planned tonight. So that sounds like we're, maybe he's going to be another project in the organization. So we do have a couple of tickets for that game. That's not in a Gregory Brudon. What's section? What are kind of tickets are those? No parking pass. 515. What is it? 10515. Oh, that sounds pretty good. That sounds real good. How do you like that? I'll give him a way to somebody. I'm not going to waste much time on that because you know how I feel about giveaways. But we got him in since the game is sold out except for the Panther pack. And they're probably going to anyway because it's the hated Rangers. Let's not let any asshole Ranger fans in there and gratsky is planned tonight that needle nose piece of crap. I hope that somebody spears him. Okay. I hope we send the big sparks out there and spear him right in the gut. Right early in the game. And they have to carry him bleeding and screaming off the ice. I give a standing ovation for that. Oh, can't stand him needle nose piece of crap. Anyway, Joe to measure here's a letter to the editor, which finally we got a good letter to the editor. And then what is this? The Harold this morning. Wow. It says Joe to measure was truly an American hero and said many fun examples for our youngsters to follow. But let us not forget that he was a three pack at a camel smoker who went on to develop lung cancer, not unlike others like John Wayne and net king Cole. I beg the youth of America. Please don't smoke sign Sheldon Zane MD and Hollywood. That is not exactly what I've been saying for a since he bit the big one. Why didn't he do like Hamilton Burger from Perry Mason? Why didn't you do a PSA? I was posing days. Maybe his ego got in the way, huh? Maybe you should have said, hi, I'm Joe to measure the greatest living just barely American ball player. And I want you to know that the reason I'm croaking over here and they had to take a lung out. You said the fact that I'm 100 years old is the fact that I was smoking three damn packs of cigarettes a day. And by the way, Merlin Monroe never had a big one. I did her, but I sure liked it. That's what you should have said. Didn't we hear anything about why they removed his lungs? About why he had a lung cancer? No, we did not. Go with the show you what a bunch of phony's at about these a teflon celebrities that we got. Some people, they fart in it's a wrong place right away. It's under front page of all the tabloids, the major newspapers it's on e and entertainment tonight. And all of those goddamn shows, hard copy, soft copy. But certain people, certain icons do I dare use that word? I wonder how Carl, I can't feel about that. No matter what they do, it's like, oh no, his stuff didn't stink. It was just it was lovely. And by the way, if you have any doubts about God, I was thinking about this over the weekend. If there were a God, why would it look and smell like that? You know what I'm saying? You know how like he did? The embryo is inside like a little, you know what I'm talking about? A nice little plastic sleeve. You know I'm referring to very sanitary. Why couldn't there be like a similar little sleeve that comes out every time he had to eliminate it? You know? And please don't say to the excuse always that man was responsible because you need to be in the wrong food. Well even pets, I'm not talking about domesticated. Even you go out in the wilderness in the wild. Animals are like dropping big loads, okay? Looks bad smells bad. They get wicked diarrhea. You know, that proves there's no God. Seriously, next time you're sitting there. Next time somebody cut like fat boy. If he walks down on, cuts when in your face. Or next time you go into the tea room and somebody has forgotten the flesh. It left a big mess. Just look at it and say, God. Huh? There's no God. That proves it right there. Okay, anybody getting back to the important stuff. 26 minutes is spots an hour and a morning show. I want to salute the little dog and beef folks. Yeah, almost like guilty. I don't want to salute him. He's annoying. But the other guys I do want to salute. I have no idea how you do it. Come in here every morning. Even if they don't have a chance to say anything. Here's our full question today, which of these occupations as the highest percentage of gaze, homosexuals, divers, figure skaters, wrestlers, swimmer, gymnastics, interior decorators, or broadcasting. Huh? What? That is it. It's very tough. That's nip and tuck. Which of those do I got to see? 377 of those seven categories? Which one has the highest percentage of, you know? What about hair growth? Yeah, I'm not as too obvious. I think seven is enough. And that guy who called at the end of the show and both of you guys are called right there at the end of the show. They stop being in denial. Okay, it's a terrible thing. We believe you. Wing, wink. Here's a mobile info, Waterdale. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I would say all the above. Well, that's a cop-up. We have to have an answer. No, I would say, Oh, let's go with divers. Okay. That's my answer. Well, like we mentioned Regulusainus because he's out. Right. What's the thing? A couple things I need to do? Great driver and divers? No. Okay. I got a couple things I need to ask you. Yeah. Have you heard any more about channels to 90, 297? I remember you read it something last week about where we were supposed to get in the back? Well, when you say channels, this and that. Oh, on the slide here, you know, you're not on the other side. No, no, I have another word about it. Okay, because I still haven't gotten it. No, no, I have another thing. Okay. No, that, but like I said, that was a bill that was introduced, but it's still languishing. There's somewhere, you know, we're waiting to drop the bombs on those barbarians over there in Yugoslavia. This is something else that they better start taking up. Right. And you know, I guess we'll all these pussy's worried about us going over there and blowing them into the stone. Did I say, let's do it now. If we were to, like, like, Clemenza said and got a father one. If we were to nip the Hitler at Munich, we wouldn't have had to go through all that bull crap. And let it entominated more people along. That's right. Same with that, that's right. I'm a friend of mine. A friend of mine. Thank you for asking me. That I work with. Yes. He just recently got out of high school and went to on-go. Right. He was on the wrestling team. Yeah. And he was told me a story of a guy who was, because I told him what you had talked about, it's a week ago about wrestling. Right. And I was told, you know, what you were saying, and he said that he was at a match one time. And the guy was doing really good amounting position, I guess. Yeah. And they were rolling around and when the referee stopped them and they stood up, he said he had massive wood. And the guy was at another one. He said he didn't want to finish the match. Yeah. He was going to get close to the guy. The guy ran off in embarrassment. I remember that. That's why I'm by the Beatles, massive wood. You said you had to bend there to really appreciate it. And then closing. Yes. I know a big black guy named Wayne. He said douchebag. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. And as a matter of fact, I don't want to turn this into a racial thing. All the way to hell not. You know. But I look at these picture. I was here. We got to do another break. Christ on money. But look at the high percentage of a dark and plucking guy's in this brown county, all county, a wrestling team. It's in fact last week when we first brought this up a couple weeks ago. I noticed that a lot of dark and plucking colors out there were calling it about this. And of course, the honest one's they agreed with me. They said, oh, yeah, they're all a bunch of facts. But huh? Well, not all. Just many several a lot. And what kind of a, you know, wouldn't you get it? I mean, look at how big talk about a big black guy named shoe pro. Look at that. I mean, look at this guy. Would you let him mount you? Huh? Would you, would you get willingly get down on all fours and say, okay, mount me, baby? I mean, what the hell is that? Talk about your mad Maconi and cheese. Go, go, go. Go. Hey, what's this girl? Oh, should I say, she doesn't do it. She thought this was good till I went out by morning blue. She asked me how long it was staying. I stuck in the lab for a few minutes. You're digging a firecracker, and she tricks when you pee in the bathroom. But when I woke, my feet was locked. She trucked this dog. So I torched her house, she better not f***ing, my morning would. Wait, here. I'm on. Okay, 33 of 560W. Here's a fact that says, you can also give your vote by facts on this. It's a very important poll. How do you spell it? Our fact number 305 65.0198 by the way. Is that right? Oh, for a minute there, I thought I'd give up. So anyway, it says, here's the first fact that says, without a doubt, figure skating is more facts proportionally. The first one gets sport wrestling comes in a very close second. And this is obviously from somebody who knows what they're talking about. What's here, like, would you let that big black eye name, f***ing, yeah, fill in a blank, whatever his name be. Mount you, would you get down on your hands and he's, I mean, I don't want to make it sound racial, but I mean, some of these guys like Roy Foster for quite a lot. We've all seen. Good guy. But I don't think there's anybody in this building that would get down on all four as well. Oh boy. I guess I have to take that back. You know, it's interesting. We were all going down to see my new car yesterday, George and Joe and yours, truly. Huh? And we got to the bottom of the elevator. And there was Roy with someone. And everybody was kind of like sniggering about it. What were we? Huh? I don't want to say who she was. See, your face is purple now, not just red, it's purple. And your face, too, it was such a scene. Hey, what? Did everybody just like, oh, everybody was going. Oh my God. Wow. Holy Toledo. That's just all those rumors. I'm sure. So like I said, other than maybe that person. Is there anybody else in this building that would say, Okay, I'm going to get down on a floor on all fours and let Roy, Mount me? No, I don't think so. Not this kid. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. On the pole question, I go with the hairdressers for another women ones. Hair dressers isn't on my survey. That was George Tuderdale in there. It's not on the survey. Oh. Diverers, figures, skaters, wrestlers, swimmers, gymnastics, interior decorators, or broadcasters. That's what I got a friend who was, Margate Fired of Fired of Firedman. I'm not going to say any name. Oh, I had a minute. I'd love to. Okay, parametics and Fired Fireders. Okay, wait a minute. Okay. Anyway, they got it all. They got a Fired of Fired of Fired of Fired of Fired of Fired of Fired of Fired, they're just man-liners. They're going to take the light off the top and ship it to the, to the, to the, to the, macarina. The macarina. So we can actually see it if we ever score a goal if Pavel ever comes back. Okay, thanks for the good news getting new phone. Yeah, thanks to him. The Pired Medicine Fired Fireders a lot. Those off the list. Very highly infiltrated with, well, you know. We're going to give those tickets away sometime between now and, whenever we feel like it. Cause the game is sold out tonight except at the panther pack. I'm sure they're all gone right now. There's a little bit of fever in the air. Is there fever in the air? No. Can you smell it? No. I don't think so. But for some reason, they all show up. You know, I mean, let's, let's give credit where credit is due. We've had real good crowds all year in a macarina. I don't know what it is. They're not paying too much attention to game and that probably won't change for years. But we do show up. Nevertheless. A little, I'm just, the crest fall in that, Paul Vellink come back and hit you lucky set. When he's good and ready. You know, for 10, many, many year when he's good and ready, that's when he's going to come back. You know, we love him. He's the Russian rocket. He's great. He's exciting. And that's, you know, that's why you hope that he's playing. Not just because we need to win and because in order to make the playoffs, it's desperate. It's like they say crunch time. Please don't say crunch time again. We'll shoot you if you say that again. But they do say that. It's, this is the big one. Okay. This is gigantic. This is a chance to stick to really nail the range to, put it to him. This would be the final nail in their coffin. Or in their wrist, if I can say that in their palm. Huh? Right before Easter, put a nail in their palms. Because I'm not just ranges when we hate like poison. But, Paul, he's, uh, I don't feel exactly like he wants it to feel. And it's the end exactly right either. Here's Boca, hello. And you. Yes, sir. I gave him a full year first bit was over. Yeah, I thought that. I called him a ticket line. They was sorry. I told him to panic. I mean, this is a big one. You know, this range of things. We hate them like poison. Yes, good. I'm going to make sure that all the panther fans buy up all the tickets. See, that's one of the good things. Last couple years. And the first four years we had the team. You'll probably remember we had all those range of assholes or range of out of it. Million some. And, you know, we'd be going, let's go. Panthers, never one. Let's go. Rangers would be like 50, 50. We finally wise up and everybody all of our range of haters. Decided by up the tickets to make sure they can't get in. So I don't know how many close fights I've gotten in with people like things. That's my wife and stuff. It was just, it was the New York people are. Be best. But that's one of the, I wanted to go and squelped out their, uh, Ranger can't. Yeah. I have a real big mouth. And, uh, I want to put it in, if I could, I could add a category. Maybe professional wrestling. Well, that's what I meant. Oh, okay. I'm certainly not suggesting that the high school and college wrestlers are okay. I wouldn't suggest that. And you know, I just know there was definitely no God this morning when I looked in the paper. I need him. I still on our team. Yeah. I was praying that you'd be treated. I'm not praying you'll. No, takers. I don't think. I'm praying. You'll give me a ticket. No, I'm praying. What do you laugh at about at him? I'm not here. It was pretty weak. He's a good guy. He wants to go. But it was pretty weak material. I like one week, which we very rarely almost never give anything away again because It kills the show. But the way things have gone last a few days. And now I'm beginning to understand why, we got all spots. Radio. I mean, at morning show, those poor guys in here, you see there probably doing this to them, uh, you know something, it reminds me of what machinery, when they were trying to blow him out. I don't want to get Jeff Pernoy because then oh defos a very paranoid into your guy. I mean when you're terrified of vermer, you know how insecure you are. But when they tried to push Reneeria, they started like limiting the amount of airtime. In other words, they come up with all these extra features and news and spots. And so basically Reneeria was on like two minutes an hour. And that was it. And then that didn't work, you know, he didn't pay a lot of there. So they finally said, oh, we'll pay for you. Don't come back. And he said, okay, Uga Buga, you didn't come back. So that's one of the things they do. I think the other thing may be since now we're getting close to the baseball season. That since there haven't a tremendously difficult time. And of course, it's a support Greg Reed's ego is the sportsman. We've got to put all these bum fork sports events on the year, which they can't sell. So, you know, you've got to give out bonus spots and you know, dollar or dollar, dollar and 10 bucks of pop and anything to try to fill up this spot on those Marlon games. Like the exhibition game, we've got a 1250 tomorrow afternoon. Oh, God. Marlon's in the Cardinals. That should make Dave the Cop happy. He'll be the only one listening to that crap. By the way, today we got Hank and Chulas to the Sportsman. Hank, it's Chulas to the six. We got the booster, six to seven o'clock tonight. Right now, the dinner, our talk is probably what he knows for that best. Ticking out. And then we got the pregame show of seven Rangers in the Panthers. 7 3 to 9 from the Mac are we not going to lose the three home games. It's about time. See how lucky it's been. And the turn of the season, we've been in that arena scene. Our team do whatever it is they do. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. We've got the four-wheel drive. I'm nochoming酒y and Therm davon Milkins.酒 in Misterbest Ohhhers and Someone just Halls. Neknika Fond with Uncle hoo Jones I'm here for 4,000 salary to get in at Coav. Well, congratulations! True Oh, come to this haul for me. It's my pleasure! 1045 at 560 WCM. Here's some stuff that came over the fax machine just now from the internet molest which usually after that stuff in a waste basket is a pretty interesting. How the Reverend Jerry Fowlball in the California Political Organization helped finance and orchestrate an extensive anti-clinton propaganda campaign. A conservative political organization would tie to the Reverend Jerry Fowlball can accurately pay more than 200 grand to individuals who made damaging allegations about the president's personal conduct. The money was paid out of our three year period between 1994 and 1996 by citizens for on his government headquartered in Orange County, California. Home of the favorite fascist of the world. The payments are detailed in the organization's confidential counting ledgers and other internal records. The payments in the allegations in some of which were either fabricated or grossly exaggerated were part of a covert and sophisticated political propaganda effort to influence public opinion against the president's day. How do you like that? This is the same Jerry Fowlball that's worried about ticking winky and is a purple people leader. Very believable. Okay, what are we going to do about giving away those pants at the good time? We're going to give them away or not. That game is I mean the pants are packed are gone. Every ticket every seat, every nook and cranny and I joined tonight sold out because this is the big one, baby. This is as they say. The price time. By the way, if you're wondering why I'm playing these jingles, because that's part of it can hear it turns out that those worn out heads. And what are those? Those are the record head. Which means don't record. What is it? These were obviously taken. But they do date these machines they should be there from like before Mark Moracona was a baby. But nevertheless our crack engineer came yesterday, flip the switch here to where they're and now they're working like crazy. Why not? You may be in the same sky. Oh, that's got up your jingles and place some cards people there because these parts eventually they'll like wear out. There won't be any more cards. The day the cards died. I want to speak enough jingles by the way. So Bluff Lindsey was in here this morning. Briefly. And said we got a jingle package from the last QAM jingle package back in 1992. Now we'll play some of these today and they're actually pretty good. I like them better than some of the crap we're playing now. But you know that you're a loser. You know that question how do you know when you're a loser? You know you're a loser when a station orders a jingle package and the singers who sing the jingles mispronounce your name. Then you know you're a loser. Ed Berliner. Unforged. Brady. Oh, time six. Come on. Yeah. Ed Berliner. Who of course everybody says about him. He's an asshole. Oh, is he ever? I mean he is of all the people I've ever met in this business. I think he might he's definitely if not on the top four or five bubbling under. He's right up there at the top. Really Ed Berliner. He's an asshole. Ed Berliner. So he was on this station, which of course along with John Moynihan. A lot of other losers, which is why we're doing fractions in the ratings until I brought some real broadcasters over here. Like defo and guilty. Well, like defo like I said. J. One more. Brady. Oh, time six. Who of you? Ed Berliner. One more. Brady. Oh, time six. Who of you? Hey, Ed Berliner. Baby. Man, they must have known you in asshole and they must have known everybody hate you like boys. And what a loser. He is. He is such a geek. Okay, where are we going? Let's take a call or two. I see we got never gave the numbers out today. By the way, that's good. That's a good sign. See these phones are fine. It's just the audience. It's a big big. I heard Yankee yesterday again. He's out there at the lift and he's out there at the lift and everything I was went to my mother's for lunch. I get in the car. I'm going there. I'm getting back into car to go home and every time I get in there, he ain't got any calls and they're saying, no, you know, there was like maybe one I heard. We're going through a call. But time now. This town's having an identity crisis. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. We go with muffs, I mean, divers. Yeah. Okay. And I don't know if you saw it. You're all referring to Greg Loussen, it's for you. Of course. Yeah, with your poll question. Uh-huh. With his poll. A couple weeks ago, I don't know if you saw there was a report on my big line or whether it shows about high school girls in wrestling. Thanks. Yeah, but how in the math that the two to the high school athletic association is letting girls wrestle. And they can't start their own teams because there's not enough girls, but they're letting them wrestle with a guy. Why don't we have like, co-ed wrestling so we can have something for the straight kids to do? Well, they're doing it. It's co-ed. It's mixed. Oh, that is co-ed. It's mixed because there's not enough girls to start their own league. All right. There you go. I think you know, it's forced straight passes have been so repressed. It's about time we let them start wrestling with their conscience. Well, I'm mentioning that yet. No, yeah. Basically, with the whole thing was about you to be allowed and they interviewed all the parents of the girls. Why not? They're all totally. What's wrong with that? Well, the thing is they interviewed the boys and the boy hated because they say, if you win, well, you should win because you'd be the girl. And if you lose, they're embarrassed because you know, you should lose to a girl. Well, who cares if you lose? If you get a little action, who cares about that? See, those are the faggots. The guys that say we don't want to do it because we don't want to be embarrassed. Those are the guys that should be on the guy's wrestling team. Well, the final thing is me. You don't need a straight guy that don't want to wear outlust their pigs unless they're bulldox. Really, grow tests. Can bulldox but don't want to wrestle with guys anyway. That's the p-thended day at the interview. Boy, P-thended. Boy, the girls should, uh, first half of the girls are you worried about the guy's topping a feel or anything? What's wrong with that? Girls said, no, we haven't felt anything. No sexual touching yet at all. And what better protection could you possibly get the most tight, so skin tight outfits that they wear? When they asked the boys, not one of the boys said they were thinking about that. They were all like, no, we're not thinking about that at all. We're totally focused on just tending the girl down and we're totally focused on pitting her and down. Right. So maybe wrestling at the close second. Okay. Thanks for the good news here and have a great life there. You go. Yes. Find a guy something for those poor straight athletes to do. About time because football we'll have to argue that is. And of course, when you say that in America, oh, especially here, they get real upset. By the way, how's Tony Martin? Are they letting him out or what? I was just thinking, you know, and of course there's the Tony is asking, well, well, you know, all those charges, everything. Let's hold off till after the season, you know, because he's got to play and make four and a half million or so. Maybe we get Lawrence Phillips back and Bobby Humphrey and Sammy Smith and Mark Duport and sign him up again. How about the dolphins have an all criminal team sounds good to me or a ledge, anyway. And a fan's with still show up and say, hey, we got the best criminals in the country. We love them. Divers, digger skaters, professional wrestler, swimmers, gymnastics, interior decorators, paramedics, firefighters, or broadcasters. I've known a couple of straight guys in this business. Stand major, Phil Henry, Mike Winnery, trying to think of any others. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow you're doing. Okay. Can you share a thing much about Dave Levant? How do you mean by that? Well, you know, when you played the Dave Levant thing, you know, I mean, I really don't know much about it. My game is a friend of mine is a good guy. Oh, well, I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. My whole game is but a real good guy. Yeah, yeah, I listen to my Jay. I want to ask you what do you think of, I think of your comments on when Steve Barnes was traded for Matthew Barnabey. I said it was a good trade for both teams and it will be. It's a that's a pretty good little more toughness. Barnabey didn't score any points last. Nobody was he was instrumental. He's good on at teen. They need somebody tough and the penguins are playing good. Even with no money and with a bankrupt team. And Buffalo needed somebody on a power play and now they got Juneau also. They're going to that will help them. Because I'll tell you, Buffalo need guys that can stick it in to that. You know, hash excrate, but their defense is forced to give up a tremendous number of shots. They held on for dear life against Jersey last night to get that tie. And if it were for hash, they could get out their asspied. They need somebody to stick it in there. Besides the great mirror slob shit. Which I told you guys by the way, months ago, there's the most underpaid talent in the National Hockey League is mirror slob shit tan. And of course, it's named being Satan all the right wingers are getting nervous about that. You know, I also like to make a request if you can play the Buffalo Bill with the plastic surgeon thing. Have a great day circuit. Okay, chances of that. No, no. Okay, we down to a couple of calls and I'm not going to give the number out. You know what it is. I'm going to change my whole attitude about this because I got lots and lots of stuff here. And we are taking a very important survey. By the way, this is a scientific survey and if your kid comes home from school, it says, hey, Dad, I decided to join the wrestling team. Well, I mean, you know, there's no reason not to, you know, be proud of that. Just that that's like a message. That's the way of easing you win to an announcement that will come later down the road. So, not always, but very likely. And you heard it here first on this show. I'm sick and tired of all the pretensions and all the bullcraft and all the lies and all that, you know, make believe. Let's play it right out there. Okay. This asshole, I called me yesterday. Oh, well, most of the professional wrestling is on or very fine gentlemen. So most of the facts are not or very fine gentlemen, too. Like me. Why the hell can't they be gay and be fine gentlemen? That goes back to those stereotypical ideas again about hairdressers and paramedics. Here's Margate. Hello. Yes sir. Number one, Ed Berliner is a fine young man. I know him for many, many years. He's an asshole. Yeah. He's an asshole, but he's a nice guy. No, he's not. The shunny. He's a self-absorbed, egotistical arrogant piece of crap Ed Berliner. But he never stole a freight train. Yeah, you don't know Ed Berliner. I swear I do. I bet you $100. Well, I don't know. Well, you bet me in O Ed Berliner. That's your claim to fame. I would deny it. Ed Berliner, I'd say no. Ed Berliner. Oh my god. He was here at a verliner. Verliner. He calls himself Dean. That's in my stomach. No he is not. Many many years ago. Because I call himself verliner. See you don't know him sir. Verliner. Go ahead. Next point. Number two, did you have a better than that one? Yes. Did you happen to see any money to the Sunday night? No. Oh, it was great. It was under the giant. Why the hell would I want to watch that crap? Well, anyway. And then, anyone, I know there's all those four treporters and sportscasters and sportsman and sportsman. Sportsman. There's anybody know what happened to stop Melambi yesterday at the NHL hearing? Don't you read a newspaper sir? It's not in there today. It sure is. And then it's gone, don't? It's in both papers. It says that they reviewed it and he didn't high stick to guy that he just got his elbows up and that they apologized and he shouldn't have been suspended at all for the anti-hime game and he's back in a lot of time. Read a newspaper sir. I have somebody to read it to you would be good. I have somebody that can read, read it to you and it would be excellent. Okay. Oh, this chronic Debbie. You know, chronic colors are annoying but the chronic factions are really wonder about, you know. The chronic factions are Debbie. I read. She must be the Debbie on a mobile at pitch. You know, she must be the same one because the factions on and on and on and now even with a hockey fax which I didn't read because I saw the name. Okay. So we are not interested in your chronic. You're a cornice. That's our full question which is more dangerous. A corn hole or a cornice. 10. Well, I know who's dangerous. Come on. Get back to the beginning there. Come on. What's the name? Ed Firliner. Oh, boy. See I shouldn't have known this guy was a loser calling me to brag that he knew him. All you kids out there if anybody says, Jive or hear of Ed Berliner immediately if not sooner say, Oh, real loud. Yeah. No. They'll start wondering about you guys. Get me a flop or now a big car by your style of the world. I knew that this would happen sooner or later. I found out that we knew that Ed Firliner was a liar. Why are we these lies? I thought that Ed Berliner was a liar. But five gold and pair of gifts and gifts and just a dollar out. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I'll have to know what better call on my things I have. Oh, when I get a few homes out there, that's my number of two lies. That's what didn't surprise. I thought that it was bad. That's why all that happened to you, who cares about. Level 3 at 560 WKM. Guys put on real real tight outfits, real tight pants and the center gets down on his hands in these. And a quarterback comes up right behind him. He's got his hands under his back. Right up against his crotch and says, give me your picture. You know, what could be more faith than that? These are great. How come we're not using these? Huh? We are now. We're using them on this show because they sound like a little bit, you know, contemporary, like a little upbeat. That's what we need some jingles to spice this place up. I think it's a little new to play games. Alright. Yeah. There you go. Something that makes it sound a little bit more like FM. I was thinking when I was playing those jingles this morning before we came on the year. You know, what a sad thing. I realized it sounds and especially our spots in there because we don't care. The muffled spots and the ones where they had the pot open when they were dubbing him in there. Like they wanted to defo just head on there. I mean, how can we put that stuff on the year? How can we do it? Sounds so bad. Like it's coming to a strainer. But once upon a time before people discovered FM in the audio quality of it, AM, all new kids out there that don't know from AM, including Deborah Over there at publics by the sawgrass. Now that you're ready to be gay. Yeah. That's where I was those for the Golden Days, the great days. Oh boy. Bring back a lot of good memories for back in the days when your radio was worth turning on. You know, it's not too much anymore. The smorda come out of work and you're right about the beach boys, by the way. There are as much as I like the beach boys. They're just spectacular. They're really here. I was listening to Marvin and Tammy this morning and then when I finished with that, I popped into beach boys in my brand new beautiful Corvette. I said, hey, this is life. In fact, speaking to my car, by the way, first time in my life something happened. I went to Walgreens yesterday afternoon to get that prescription doctor Mark was kind of up to Colin. And I'm almost off all my medication by the way. The only way bare minimum. No more client ace. My blood sugar this morning with no pills for two days. Wait till here there's 77. Oh, 77 like WWE ABC. The music sounds best on WWE ABC. Oh, see that's my luck. That one wouldn't have the 77 on it. You bastards. How about come on? WWE ABC. As whole. Come on now. One time. 77. Thank you. Thank you. You've got bless you, Pam Singers. 77. How do you like that? So anyway, I go in. I get my friend. They were very nice to me in Walgreens this time. I mean, really even at the. That's pharmacist, you know, everybody looked at me and like one of my listeners was sitting there which may have helped. He said, oh, well, here about this on the year tomorrow. I said, I hope not. And I want another episode like I had a last time. And they looked at me out of the corner of all of their eyes and the boy I was in and out of there in a heartbeat. And I walked out to my brand new beautiful car and I looked at it. And I thought, this is the first time this has ever happened. I've owned two for our East Porsche. I've had that awful NSX that got the tires got to be changed every week. I've had a lot of nice cars in my life. And I walked out there and I looked at that car, which I've now had only two days and I said to myself, that's my car. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm saying? That's mine. Is it holy crap? I'm excited about that. It is. And I just just something that hit me. Like, wow, I'm actually going to get it and put the mickey in the ignition and drive away in it. Here's a mobile and lake where it's hello. Yeah, Neil, I'm a native Miami and a lifetime new year cater sports teams and a shameless request. I just got done taking my yearals son for MRIs because it's like to work pretty good. I think if I could take him to hockey games. Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no. The steepest steep stairs there man. I want to get my his leg chewed up with that hockey game. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He said he's getting his leg chewed up, right? I don't want to be responsible. I mean, we don't have any malpractice insurance. I'd love to have you and you're some be able to go see the game tonight. But what he feels better when he's all healed up because God forbid, you should fall on those stairs or anywhere in that arena. And then Wayne's going to have to pay you know, all that insurance money. We'll give away between now and noon. I'll go into you that. We've got that one pair of good seats to 105 rub. Rope 15 excellent seats. See this should take it. The fact that we got some open lines under the fact that this, we're going through a real desperate time in this town. We're going through a real real hard time. Maybe everybody's gone for the holidays. Maybe they just all into a coma. Maybe Castro has got that woodpecker vibrating and everybody's affecting their minds. Maybe they just glued to the TV. Oh, there's Christiana Amin. Poor wife away on CNN. What's he doing? He's going gasoline. Bill. Alright Christiana Amin. I'm a poor again. I'm a grander by telephoto. Could you tell him by the way, your asking will be nice. We could get some level because that's why it opened. As you mentioned, I'm not a fairy general. I know how the earth alone has given the number of theories. I mean, uh, her eartracks. The color list. Oh, that's it. They given her going head to bomb a minutes of mission there. Okay. And, cocible. Good. That's it. Let's get with it. Like I said, let's not be in posses for once in our lives. You know, let's see if we really mean it. If we care about innocent people being slaughtered and butchered and we're going to do something about it and just talk a good game. You know, despite the way of the money, slaughter innocent people in Africa, which they're doing by the thousands in you ganged and other places. Nobody in a work cares about that. Nobody intervenes. Nobody says a damn thing. But when there's like white folks involved, like in, uh, you wish lobby or a cocible, right? Which is like a little turtable. It used to be yours, lobby. It's a turtable. Then we got to all upset and we started in there. We got to beat to as we got the stealth and we got all the stuff going in there. And we're going to blow them back into submission. Or trading outside to the east. Tell us if you'd be late. I'm gonna get a more slaughtered day. I'm gonna get a more slaughtered day. I'm gonna get a more slaughtered day. And pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop we pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. pop, pop, pop, pop music, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop pop, pop, pop, pop, We're taking a poll today, by the way, which occupations the highest percentage of gas so far, um, paramedics are way ahead in the voting. We're doing it on the internet on our website. 655 votes for paramedics, which is at least 200 votes ahead of the diverse figures, gave us professional restlessness, uh, the second at the moment. Swimmers gymnastics, broadcasters, which, uh, that's in there, interior decorators and firefighters. You know, guys like, you know, that go up and down a grease pool all day. You really have to wonder about them. They slide up and down a grease pool. Like, grease it up and they slid up and down on it and the poll too. And paramedics. I mean, what is that about paramedics? What? What? Why is these certain occupations attract? And basically, when you start to see a lot of people, a lot of the heterosexuals out there get very nervous about this, because then they start realizing how many of us there are around, you know, even George gets nervous because it makes you realize that we're like, just millions and millions and millions and billions of us all over the place. I'm not nervous. I love it. Yeah, nobody wants you anyway. I want to be the only straight guy in the world. Here's a mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Yeah, sir. And, uh, Rochester, New York dead, women wrestling, uh, 60 years ago. I remember which martensan, which road course not. I'm going to remember. How can I remember 60 years ago? I'm a young guy. But they had women wrestling over there many, many years ago. Yeah. You're right. It was, uh, like, it was unbelievable. And then I was on a nail. Yes. Or, I can I give in touch with, uh, boom, boom, uh, Chevrolet. I find a mine. Who was he? Who? Boom, boom, you know, uh, the Frenchman, the great guy. How do you pronounce his last name? I don't know. I can't do you. You help me. Jeffery on. Jeffery on. Yeah. Well, listen, so it was, you took your head and the ground and you'll be in touch with the real soon. Okay. The boomer, boom, boom, Jeffery on. And see, see what the net says what we need is 90 year old guys talking about stuff that happened a hundred years ago. We have an interest in that. No. No. 560, 0560, pound 560 out of the AT&T line. We got plenty of open lines here for you today. We're getting, we're taking a poll number one number two. We're giving away tickets to night skin. That's already sold out. That they're not even in any pandemic. And we still got open lines. I'm telling you, man, we're up again. Followed and on this, I would have scheduled about a three month vacation. You haven't a hell of a good time right now. I'd be wrestling with it right now. And instead, I'm wrestling with a phone here that said, there's got to be something. I'm telling you, believe me when I tell you. Even that high price tank over show any afternoon. And he calls no, there's something going on since they came in and they added that line that doesn't work. I think they're choking it on us. Is what they're doing? You're, you know, I'm telling you there's something really bizarre and strange going on with this telephone. And of course, God forbid that we should get to full people in here to check this damn thing out. They don't roll over. They come in in very strange places. They're all over the place. Look at that. God only knows what the hell this system is all about. Probably got a new phone system and it got dumpster at Craig's. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. And how you doing? Okay, sir. I just patronized the Jimbo sports when I heard his black button in Jersey. My daughter was not, sorry. I just took her from Daker. And I would hope to, I could just take a picture. Well, it's some pucky little kid like that. Scream that it's the last thing we need to hurry you out of your mind. That's, I mean, and by the way, you know, I keep having these problems with those people. That's it in front of me. They don't always show up. Thank God. Then the last game they show up and they start passing those little kids around like ornaments and holding them up in the ear in front of us and then they look around like, oh, we're so sorry. I don't want to be, I don't want sorry. I want to see the game. I don't want sorry. I want you to put those little kids on your seats or leave them home and get a God damn babysitter. In fact, I'll tell you what, maybe we'll take up a collection in my row and we'll pay for a babysitter. So you can keep those little kids at home and stop holding them up like God. And then Christmas tree ornaments already or Hanukkah Bush ornaments. We go there to see the game. Not to see the back of your heads and your kids did and all that crap that we did. Just a half dozen people. That's all we got. It's a little problem there. Right in front of me, okay? I don't know what it takes. Maybe I got to bring a billboard there. Maybe I got to put a neon sign up on front of the macarina saying all you ask holes for the little kids. Keep them in the seats. There may not be many of us who care about the game, but I happen to be one. I'm not going to go there unless I can see the God damn game. Seriously, I mean, you know, you're ripped these people onto you. They know what they listen. They're friends listen. People are telling them there's no shame level. Their friends come over to hang out in the aisle. They're while the game is going on. You're you're craning your head as conspicuously as you can. I mean, if it happens again, I'm just going to say, get there. Hello out of the way. You ask hole. That's all. I mean, we're starting to get out of the point where these games really mean something. We only got 13 regular season games. We got a shot at the playoffs. If Bob I'll ever decide that his pinky heels up, that he's feeling good enough to play. And if Mike Wilson decides to show up for practice, so we don't get benched on his first night. God, that's just what we needed is a guy who's compulsively late for everything with a coach like kindergarten teacher Terry Murray. Just what we needed. Oh, brother. Now what now? Let's just tap in there. See? What is that? I'm telling you. I want to take it. What took it? Here's your field B. Chill out. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I respond to the poll question. Yes, actors. That's another category. You see how you're introducing other categories? Well, I mean, there's more, there's more facts in acting than in the figure skating. Yes. I would believe so. Do you know any straight figure skaters? None. Oh, you know, I know the most important thing out with that. Pre-todd. Huh? I know the most important one. A shruck I am. Number one, a little bit more in the chair. Number one with a bullet. Right. Okay, thanks for the good news. He said actors. More facts. Yeah, Hollywood. You know what that show biz RT-Fartsy thing. And now that Gene Cisco is dead, what about the movie critics? He was the only one we hit, only straight guy we had, right? Of the unrest read. Would you people, what is this? Is this what? What is this? What are these facts? Is that you're sending me here? What? What is this? Look, look at how this guy's facts have been. He sends me three pages that are like, I'm, I am, please don't refax it. Article list article back. You don't have the right of this, yeah. Well, what is this mean sir? What does this mean? And then he has to note on there. Hope you enjoyed as much as he did. No, did I enjoy it? No. No, you're wasting our paper pal. How many trees have to be chopped down? How many living and breathing trees of God? God's living trees have to be chopped down. To make the paper so that people can waste our facts would crap like that. And so that Debbie on a mobile can keep facts, with her little smiley face on the facts. Your chronic Debbie, your cornice. That's our pull question of this hour. Is it worse to be a cornice or a corn horror or a corn husker? Or a corn husker? So what about that Tony Martin? Huh? Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. You? Yes sir. Body gougars. Body gougars. Jesus Christ, I mean, not one profession that we haven't taken over right. Yeah, body gougars. And by the way, excellent, thank you sir. And let me just tell you this, okay, since you're trying, I mean, we a lot of people try to be anonymous. Okay, I think that's wrong. I think we should all be whatever we are. You know, as long as we're not, as long as we do the DNA, we're not harming anybody. Not messing with kids. Is what they, you know, be what you are. You are what you are. Like they said, that the movie again. Huh? But anybody that, when you see a guy like on a plane, you want to play in a desert guy that's where it reading men's health magazine. Okay. You read men's health magazine? No. Huh? No, when you're the scene at a new stand, yeah. Anybody that's reading men's health magazine, that's the home home. Okay. I'm just telling you. Just so you know, I mean, it's not important. Maybe you want to ask for a date. I don't know. Any guy that reads men's health magazine is, uh, here's coconut growth. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. What about them two? Designers. Got that. That's on my list. And fashion designer? What's the difference? Fashion designer. Fashion designer. Like Johnny Versace. Like Johnny Versace. There you go, right? Yeah. Right. Chains are a question. Yes, sir. You have the chance to be never come again from the TVC, Oh. Oh, I wonder if I got that. I'll find it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Are you from Canada? Uh, Toronto. Here from Toronto? Yeah. I'll ride. Um, the petro- the petro- the petro-pactro-sold-edro. Yes, you know, the whole game is sold out. Uh, can I get the tickets? Yeah. Thank you. You want it in the way? What? Cause you're from Toronto. Oh, thanks. Hold on, eh? All right. All right. There you go. Oh, this audience is pissed off. They hated me before. But now they're really pissed off. He's a good guy. It's from Toronto. Wait, those are real people out there. The ones that's big English, who's most of the people that hate the frogs like poison. That's a real city, baby. Not a plastic make believe joint like this. Now we're talking. Now I feel like I accomplished something today. Now that's the hockey music he's talking about. I don't think that's in there anymore, isn't it? I think so. Under, under, what? CBC. It's under CBC. Are you sure? No. CBC, my S.C. this. hockey. hockey. What's this obsession with hockey? Hockey, stop and time. Hockey, Bob Cole, Jeff Rimmer. Oh, by the way, Rimmer's behind dinner this weekend. Oh! Anybody believe it? No. Yeah, that's not it. I got a somewhere. Wait, how was it? What's that? That's a four-ale. There's a five-ale. What is this? Stop! What is it called? Maybe disc three, maybe? Oh, I love it. I love it. I'm given the guy damn hockey ticket. I'm going to worry about playing him a request. In addition to which this audience still want to hear that song. Now we're not in a playoff yet. Once Pop-Ale Brewery comes back and we sneak in an edge up Carolina and wind the division to get the number three seed in a home advantage. And all of a sudden they get hot again like did it three years ago. You believe it? No. While we can dream, can't we? Then we'll start playing all that corny stuff. The last thing the people in this audience want to hear about is hockey. They don't know what they don't understand it. It's like the people that work on this radio station. They wouldn't know boom boom Jeffrey on from Jeffrey Ishwartz. That they wouldn't know from it. From Jeffrey Beam. I wonder if that last guy, if he realized that Johnny Versace ain't He looks good. And by the way, you realize that Doug with the bullet through a sign that was like a mafia symbol. It just happened to be there at the moment. Here's a mobile or a West Palm Beach, yellow. Okay. Yes, sir. You got it. Yes, I am. Mike Wilson, how's he going to handle? How Terry Murray going to handle with his antics? I don't know. I mean, even our good friend Jason Roy says he's a good guy, but he has He's got problems. He shows up late. He's chronically late. The one thing that would be the last kind of world at TM with one is the guy who's late all a time. Well, he could always shock him up with the one that couldn't make the bus. Yeah. Who the hell is that? That was the breadhead with that breadhead in his room. Who's breadhead in his room? That was the minor leader brought up. Yeah, the top right now. Who's hot? Who's corn? The corn. Kavasha? Yeah, no. The corn for parish. parish. Oh, Mark Irish, right? Oh, that was Mark's very right. Yeah, Mark Irish missed out bus and figured it's they put him and Wilson together. Maybe the two of them together can make it on time. Yeah, good point. Make it there. Okay, Paul, good luck to us. Hey, we're going to take the ranges and we're going to go on with the squeeze. We got this home stand. We're going to go on and it's total faith in the path as you got to believe. Just like a martyr. All right. Yeah, just like the martyr. Okay, it was a good to say just like the marlins. Oh, oh, he didn't really mean that. Did he mean just like the marlins? No, he was talking like just like the marlins a couple of years ago as a one-in-a-ment. Not like now. Can we care about the marlins now? No, ever again. No, I'm sorry. Got that ball game to our any interest that the marlins exhibition has gained? No, no interest. Love these jingles, baby. There's one for the guys in his time. Dave Lamoni's a good guy. Ed Berlin or Houston, asshole. See, I tell him like it is. You know, if you're a good guy, I'll give you all the credit in the world. There's some real good people. Like yesterday, I walked out to go take a leak. Who's in the hallway? Ken Walden. One of the real gentlemen. One of the great people in the history or broadcasting. He ought to be, I don't do they have like a radio hall of fame for this market now. They just had those stupid award winners. Those women in radio awards winners. Those carpet lunchers get together and get, you know, I mean seriously. Why don't we recognize him? There is one of the real class people that ever worked in this market. Ken Walden. I am proud. In fact, I'm embarrassed that I worked for Greg Reed, but I'm proud that I work on the same station with Ken Walden. How do you like that? And Ken Walden, by the way, running runs spreading monowall over the building. Actually, he's got working on a TV. It's new on CBS. Homocy. Join that hilarious squad of police investigators saw both wacky, intercity murders, starring Harvey Firestein as Lieutenant poker. Okay, let's head up. I need volunteers to dress up like hookers for an undercover operation. Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it. One at a time. Now everybody can't go. Welcome home, CBS. It's all the 32 at 5.60. W2, 2 at the Hank over show from Los Shulestay 2 at 2 o'clock. Boogs Xiaomi very briefly from 6 to 7. We don't want to interrupt his feeding this evening. That's seven o'clock to pregame from the Mac Arena 7.30. The Panthers beat the crap out of the obnoxious rangers. Oh, Ray, what is going to have a not just a hat trick. He's going to stick forward from there tonight. At a boy Ray. I'm telling you, we're going to kick the ranch. You can feel it. You can smell it. You can smell the cast of death over John Schmuckler in the entire Ranger organization. And Neil Smith and all are rest of those glam. You can smell it. As we stick to Neil and the coffin of the rangers. Oh, it's not important that we make the playoffs. But that we make sure that they don't. That's the most important thing. By the way, Carol, thanks for your faxy points out another very good category. Flight attendance. Neil Flight attendance. Boogs say that's close to 100%. Ever see a straight Neil Flight attendance in your life? No. I mean, I'm sure there must be a couple tokens. Ben, here's a fax from somebody who's very agitated over their queer channel with Pete Bolder by the way. I'll get to that in a minute. That's some very cost of things to say not only about him, but about that babbling brook. Anybody been listening to her? No. I didn't think so. Sure, like my CDs. You know what in the car? Here's a crawl game. A little. Crawl jables. Hey, Neil. Sir, hey, you know, great. I think it's far away from wrestling. Progresslers are far, I mean, that's just the gayest sport there is. In fact, I thought, how come they're all these people denying it? Well, you know, if they want to see the real stuff, the extreme championship wrestling, they haven't opened that and openly gay character for a while. Right. Little Stevie Richards who had um, baby Duke shorts, little Stevie? Yeah. Yeah. Little Stevie Richards. He had a little, you know, cut off tank top and he had a little poof metal hair. And one time he was trying to pass for straight and one of his boyfriend, as opposed to the other wrestler, Raven, pointed out how he said that you may have a girl now, Richard. But we all know you're still a fact. And he got all these trailer park trash to thousands of them. The chat, he's still a fact. You know, I got a thing, you know, it was very insomual. I mean, all the hatred just transposed. They all knew that he was still a fact. Yeah. And thus, it was okay for all the little, you know, killer park tanks to go that route when it comes their time. Beautiful. Well, I think that's why we got to make, I make this point here that every profession you go into were, you know, in the, in fact, I would be surprised if there's only like 10% of the population is straight. I think they got it upside down. Something to think about. Well, something that I want to create, but this just, this conversation is making my arm go limp. I got to tell you. Okay. Take care. It's making something go limp. Yeah. It felt like an arm. On your kids out there in high school wrestling teams, just say to your coach before the end of this week. You know, this was a lot of fun, but I think, uh, track and field, you know, a lot safer. Huh? Oh, yeah, it's co-ed. It's a lot safer. It's better for my image. Especially since that fags on here outing everybody, telling everybody what a fag, and surprises is guys grappling and groping and mounting each other. I mean, I never really thought about it so much. Until maybe I'm having like some kind of a spiritual awakening the last few weeks. Because now, even as much against organized religions, I always have been the last week or two. I start listening and hearing and reading things, and it's a million times more than it ever was before that I realized that you'd have to be out of your mind. You'd have to be certifiable to believe any of these things. Like this crap about the devil. There are adults. There are living and breathing people that believe in lucifer, Satan. I'm not talking about mirrored love shit 10, when the time goes for the saber's life. I'm talking about Satan, baby, with a tale of a pitchfork. Who maybe peat bulls you by the way? He could be the anti-Christ that piece of crap. It says, thank you once again, peat bulls you're for lines. You ever tell anyone anything that is not a liar or someone who ever would will eventually step somebody in the back? No, we know that the joke of a broadcast of book Daniels would be out soon since the numbers are dropping like a rock. Not that it isn't well deserved because he's completely talentless. How do you like this? And this is from over on the inside over there too, from queer channel. Completely talentless. Empty headed. Third raid Randy Rhodes Ripple. Well, we're South Florida's talk station, right? Even the only seven hours of programming are local. God damn peat. You even lie to the audience. Whatever audience is left. What's next, Karen Kay? You're the embodiment of corporate assucking. How do you sleep? Thousands commit suicide every day. We won't be sorry if you decided to go along with that trend. It says, as a matter of fact, a purchase of very expensive life insurance policy for your wife to make sure she and her children are properly taking care of once you're dead and buried. And John afford hate you like poison too. They're hostile over there at queer channel, baby. And the fact is right from the inside. There it is in the upper left hand corner. Third channel with a full number of the whole day of the facts number. Wow. They hate you like poison, PD the tweeting. Of course, you don't care. He's got his lips firmly on Ronna's butt and on David Ross's butt and whatever buddy can get him on, you know. Here's a mobile and dull raid beach, hello. Del Rey. Going once. Going twice. They died in Del Rey Beach. Which that's going around up there by the way. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yes sir. Hey, I want to see a who in the white mine is from the city council. We have Hollywood is proposed in a chain to name a personal political with Joe DeMajor Yeah, I see. Where his angleberg is very upset about that too. I read that thing today. He's all pissed off about it. It's nice to know that our council people out here in Hollywood have spent the most of the day trying to go ahead re-named his place. Why don't they instead just go over to the beach there and put a sign up. Go home frogs. Which would be doing everybody a service. Huh? Will that be better? That's right. That's right. Do something productive for the taxpayers. Now how they would make the frogs go. I'm getting that out here and put some clothing on before you get out. Exactly. Exactly. He's right. Thank you. I'll call. God bless you sir. Have a great day. You too. Yeah, I read that thing this morning and more as angleberg Joe's attorney in a long time companion whatever. How about what? No, nothing about what you're talking about What is it about what you're talking about what about reading any presidential circle? What are you some kind of anti-semite they don't like to do it a man's show? Just because you smoke three packs of camels a day and with a bad example for all the kids today And died because he was maybe he didn't die because they took his long on maybe die because he was 84 years old That every day but Uncle milky circle Yeah, that's right. He's still alive and got a much bigger long two by the way. On TV he gave Merlin a big go. Yeah, you're he you know you know in fact it was a line in the book And who was it that said was it Merlin Monroe? You want to see psychic It's in this book in the Ukrainian book by that factory in the end and it says exactly that Somebody once told Merlin Monroe that built he had the biggest long and Hollywood in her comment was who cares who would do him anyway? Seriously that that's in it. You all find it Before the show is over I find these that quote you must be psychic god damn it. We got a psychic little speaker You have your own show on channel of 51 by the end of the week Get you some magnetic bracelets some portions and locians and golden whatever Huh all those old human ladies that we fall ahead over fifth to send you money All be going 21 till noon at 5 60 WQM and of course we left we left the Huluo is that list you know the fact I mean you know just like George and that's so obvious It's almost like the priest thing I know someone like to do it on Samward so it It must that skinny chick the skin is Chikai no You're just bleak that heroin she you got who they are Kate months that skinny chick we want to know what's the deal To close the trap when you're in rehab your worst the now he McBill is 1145 Remember Jack Lemons that I had a lousy time and you go slavia Remember that That was in a movie master peeled and you ever see that movie? Oh Long time ago Richard was that his name Richard turning or Charles turning he was the priest the older priest And I had a laudy time and you was slavia Which is about the only time I'll let you hear about you this lobby except now that we're a bomb and the hell out of them over there You can co at as a constable or a cocival That kind of like changes back and forth forth and back because nobody ever heard of it before anyway I told you that Jeff Bush was an asshole by the way told you that here's living proof Restore sodas in the school voice says he'll drink to that How do you like that Tell I ask you governor Jeb Bush agreed things would go better with coke and by the way anybody see the coaxa stock is going along with the rest of the market in the toilet The agreed things would go better with coke after listening to me to baton Tuesday over whether the state should drop restrictions on softring state Sales and high school you parents out there you should be screaming bloody murder on this okay Of course, are you mothers out there probably going to publish and buy all kinds of soda as anyway and poison your kids with lots and lots of sugar A Coca-Cola spokeswoman and school board officials urge the governor and for the cabinet to be vocal rule that prohibits the sale of beverages from vending machines until at least one hour after the Last lunch period nutritionist degree are you to get any change? The cabinet which sits at as the state board of education took no median action But voice that he wants to go on record and favor of a repeal. We have too many rules on schools he said Commissions from vending machines sales would pump millions of dollars in the schools for computers teacher aids learning materials Athletic equipment and other needs repeal supporters continued The simple fact is we cannot live on taxpayers money alone said Penelas County school board attorney John Bowlin Florida school board association lobbyist Wayne Blanton also favored repeal saying local boards to make the final decision Frank Mullins food service director of the Indian River County school that are said vending machines with Sife and money from school lunchrooms It's just moving the money from unpocketed to another reset. It says that the cabinets want schools to sell sodas the food services could do the job instead of the vending machines Mullins and telecasting nutritionists pretty K also argue that selling more suitable harm the health of children Because soft drinks have a high sugar content and they displace milk in the youngsters that's a less about argument milk or kilom too Can you held up a 12 ounce paper cup in a glass jar containing seven teaspoons of sugar the amount in 12 ounces of soda Are you listening to that 12 ounces of soda seven freaking teaspoons of sugar Girls who drink soda instead of milk are increasing their chances of later getting osteoporosis a bone disease No cash high levels of calcium was prevents osteoporosis, etc. etc. etc. How do you like that? Governor wants coke back in them in the school's okay, maybe he's not talking about Coca Cola maybe this wants coke like that back in the schools huh? Fony fake or I noticed man was exactly what we knew he was before piece of crap There's a lady in poppin. Oh hello Hello, yes, man. Okay. I have two contributions to your list. Yes show horse trainers and job show trainers show and dog trainers you would be every major horseshoe in the country you would be really impressed to find a straight man Maybe is that why when I see the dog shows they elbow prancing around with their dogs on the leash That's exactly why and I don't know about dog shows the horses. There's kind of a more touring on ugly men Really yeah, huh have to check those on. Yes, okay. Thanks, and I thought in Toronto that Allen Egozen was the anti-Christ He is and does that make Andy cost and gay? Harold Harold ballads a close second and have a great day Okay, we have an air subter you know something about hockey a see these people from up there at Canada I'm talking about the English speaking ones there the salt of the earth they're the good folks the private of course We ate them like poison They know something I should I'm going up to be on here up there. I'm not gonna waste my time with this crap anymore You know I'm gonna talk to some people who have got something to say we speak the same language down here all they know Yeah, what do you got for free? That's all they know down here In fact, it's appropriate the frogs come down here because the cheapest back to the interface of the earth and they come down here because they can relate Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Hey Neil God. Yes, sir. All right, hey It's the first time you're from Jeb Bush, no, huh? Since you got elected he's in sitting on that stuff there And I got a couple I got a couple of professions for you. Yes, sir. Sports radio talk show host including itself of course And that's as I know to a sports show and and realtor realtor Meal realtor's okay Okay, got it how do you spell it realtor most people say that just like people say you jewelers It's a jewelry it jewelry in jewelers instead of jewelry Huh, there's some there's some goyum who sell jewelry You're even some goyum to drive you can use Here's a mobile in pop in a hello Yes, sir. Good afternoon. All right. God. It's almost there that time I got a couple of professions for you. Yes, sir. Okay. Let's start out with the people working Disney World And how about a politics and key with all the politicians Okay, whatever you're saying Well, he should know I guess five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th-year-old of slime Of course not to mention the people are hang out there in a more slime, but that's not a part why maybe it is a profession And how are those glory holes get started? I still had no response to yesterday's question Which I thought was pretty interesting especially those of us men who are real men that don't go cruising around in ladies T rooms like George evidently has looking for graffiti or whatever you can sniff in there See so no seriously. I wonder if they're if in women right graffiti on the walls in restroom Men we know do it because men were sick were twisted. I've never done it I'm never written in a graffiti. I've read it. I've said they're reading it sometime very amusing Huh in fact sometimes So funny it'll yeah knock that right audio which helps. That's good But women I don't know See there's this image that we have that women are of add they're just a little bit too Pressy and too squeaky clean for that You know what I mean Here's a mobile and for waterdale. Hello. You'll go. Yes, sir One more profession for you. Of course if those bull likes ever figure out how to have they ever finger out how to put a glory hole on those restroom? Yes, sir Copy yourselves Got in friend. What kind of what kind of salesman copy your salesman copy your salesman copy your sales I don't need to guys. I don't know if cats like what I'm the Jewish yeah listening to you right now. Yes Driving off the freaking rest. Metaconies See okay look at grassy. It's okay. Tom to butcher up Copy yourselves. How do you like that and one of them is a cat lick He's looking at nine minutes still known as five sixty. You'll be finally found a topic this time Can relate to I mean we heard the fudge packers all the heterosexuals a few months ago And we found out brought them out of the closet. I think it's good everybody come out wherever you are Okay, open up the door swing and open one and let's let's breathe the first year Just the NH and let's be who we are okay and stop trying to kid each other Like that guy who called at the end of the show yesterday who are you kidding pal gorgeous George. I mean he was right there on TV talking all that crap talking all that trash How about the how about rock stars left that out Other than rod Stewart and Brian Wilson And Steve Tyler here's a pepper pine pillow And this is pretty real a pepper fine. Hello going once gone one gone here's a mobile implantation hello Mobile implantation Okay, here is a North Miami Beach, hello Yes, sir. Hey, what's up? How you doing here? Oh my god story for you Are you ready? I'm ready. Oh, I'm gonna be real short Or fun. Okay. I want to take a mass this morning at 9.40 a.m. at the public some a mvh Yes, and the answer can't affect it. You are you asked for what for panther tactics for my escape If I saw a person put it into the computer and said that I have to go The person's act we're in total 10 o'clock right because it was 9.40 I was in the one tail So we're the 20 minutes and then she tried again on the computer and it didn't work So she so she called up the means to get master office and they told her that she has to go according to the network time On the computer because it's a network time the computer was a half hour earlier than a real time So we said 9.30. It take all square for something In the sense of her no, okay fine, so fine, so so fine. So I waited and next year half hour and it's kind of clock The person tried a computer again and didn't work so she called up the main thicknesser and the decent of the That's the tactic is for handicapped people So my quote. Hello, you should a qualified Okay Help out the mentally handicapped. We have a little bit of that around here Actually, and I have people that have handicapped stickers in their vehicles because of the mentally handicapped 560 and pound 560 on the AT&T while a slide Anybody understand what he was talking about? No, but the good news is he won't be at the game tonight. That's the good news Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey another man come profession Dances on a war shows Dances. Oh, yeah, well, that's that's that's 100% that's right down the line. Leave it. How about ballet dancers all of them? Sephiroth and Reagan Jr. We don't though We'll believe in him Okay, thank you, sir. The list is it's growing and growing and growing it's expanding. It's like a big gigantic serpent out of control. It's getting so big Man Let's get a let's last a wooden and before it gets to dangerous Divers figure skaters professional wrestlers swimmers gymnastics broadcasters interior decorators fashion designers Paramedic firefighters actors ballerina dancers other dancers show dancers Show the horses show dog trainers priest body builders flight at the male flight attendance reals There's copy salesmen people are working the AT rooms in Westland Jesus Christ are there any straight people left out there? No Here's a mobile in temper time. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. A couple more professions for you. Yeah male dog groomers Oh, I know you're dog groomers. You know something virtually everybody that works in the Venonarian yeah, you're right absolutely correct right and then flower designers flower a florist florist yeah, I'm not Jeff the florist he's about the only straight florist. I know it's Jeff the florist Well they got lots of pansies and that flower this Okay, hey, what job sir? Yes, you got a time for another little pet peeve here. Yeah, I was trying to find the day you had a couple days you had baseball games on I was trying to find something else on the radio FM forget it. I have 12 buttons on my radio right FM I could I have five of them said to the same station because I couldn't find enough That's right this is the worst FM market in America even in Sturgis Michigan the music is better on I found the absolute worst Yeah, I like you know all these like from the late 50s Right stuff like that, but they play the same 10 so magic plays the same six records over and over again. That's all You know it's sick things. Yep any hell. I'm glad you're on the radio. You're sure you get you a good CD player. I got one at home That's 500 CDs Remind this okay. Thank you good luck for sir. God bless you Dog groomers florist for the list is growing and growing. I mean what what's like a real manly profession that's left Huh is there like is there one is you know construction workers and steel men's instruction working Oh man Hard-hack Boy, I guess you haven't seen too many village people videos lately. Have you? We're long Jerry Paul will On the right handle God and when I woke up today I put my TV on and it's day with Kathy Lee for CNN I saw a purple creature with a gay sign on his head. It was an upside down try angle purple thinking upside down try angle purple thinking Hey tell us how to be well Where is just when I thought they shouldn't get worse? I don't know if he was carrying a little Purple smile can they call this the children's show I think I hope that I have a brown hole. He hasn't got a black pie and purple thinking I love that young child. I love to drink your bones. We're almost about Christian's heart to believe but on the teller tell me is the TV screen It has a purple penis pointing straight at me that was blowing an oil through the hole in the same Okay Well, we're 35 50. We can hear the effects from Tommy's county. Okay, okay, blow out your ass It says Kina's with two ends by the way so note the angle but nice try Kina's must macho wrestlers or male cheerleaders There's another good one for us of course except Trent lot He's uh We're not too sure Well, they're more categories. Here's another fact. It's got a little actors here. What he got? Boss boys and waiters What do you think? Cruz directors? Any job in a South Beach club? Personal trainers Personal trainers. Yeah. Oh yeah Like another one Carrepractors What it's true. I have no idea why the over I mean I say I don't want to you know exaggerate by say the 98% Carrepractors Jane So I think we were doing this backwards we're doing aspect would could we find any profession and we're learn our our no Homos huh where we just aren't in there Do you think there's such a profession? No, that's right. I forgot the navy. That's right Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hello, yes, sir Bucker feeding the ladies room. Yes. They definitely have it there because I have my name there says for good time call Steve I'm getting a lot of cool All right, oh delighted date five six five six five six 705 60 and pump five 60 on the mobile one line Here's a color ridge Hello Daniel how you doing that was beautiful. I thought everybody that works at the cost going candle Is there all gay okay? What's going on with your Toronto Maple Leafs? They're going through a little problem yeah, it looks like they're going through like everybody else does like Carolina is right now Everybody even the good teams they go through their a problem. Yeah I was talking to my cousins who live up in Hyde Park in Toronto and they they're really starting to get worried They're starting to get nervous well yeah They're starting to remind me got Yannick parole back from LA yesterday. That was a good deal. I'm loaded Jason Smith got back Yannick parole That was a good deal I don't think that's going to be enough. Well, we'll say I'm not expecting they're going to win the Stanley cup I'd like to see him win you know, maybe win around to the playoffs. I'd like to see him go all the way must go when I but I'm not holding my breath What are you thinking to Bruins What are they chances You think so They they got a good young team but they're not going anywhere the Bruins there for I'm many years now They done it you know they they you get blown out in the first round of the playoffs usually by Montreal Lincoln to make it this year. They're not going anywhere. Yeah, and also the new jersey Devils have always been a song in that side I'm watching the way I'm not going anywhere But I'm hoping to be going up to new stadium up in Toronto. I'm gonna go visit my cousins up there They tell me it's it's gorgeous. It is it's I have it inside but I plant panthers play in our April 10th and I'm sure my close personal friend Remember it'll get me tickets to that game Wow, what I want to catch there is a Montreal Toronto game I hear it's it's insane. It is it's it's it's like going to you Stanley Cup game right now. Hey, Neil you have a good day and God bless you. I'll see you on base to read okay? All right, okay. See you around Okay, there's a guy with a heavy new walk accent, but he's got the mishpulka in Toronto. That's good. Maybe he's on my ball Here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir got a couple for fashion for you. Oh Jesus. I got to have another page here. I got so many Lumberjack lumberjack about that is there really such a the I guess there is and in the soup You're talking only out there in the wood yes Cashier and anybody that works in the dairy Okay, I'm a just can you okay, whatever you say Anybody that works in the dairy maybe they like milk in it. What do I know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the immobile one line well we got 50 thousand Professions here we haven't even scratched the surface yet. I have it at least Why what do I say like 95% of us Here's a lady in parrine. Hello Yes, man. I just started a lesbian lift. Okay. How about the LPDA? Any sport and the WDA? Right. And then how about pest or worker? What is it like the pet's pet's mark? Did you notice that? That they're dikey. You know and anything with horseback riding right? Oh absolutely. Yeah. Those who ride it bear back. Yeah That's it. Okay. Well we're kind of separate list. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we got a dike list that I A. Fag list. Okay. And never the twain shield me except maybe in the team to check out each other's graffiti We got better glory holes No, you can imagine ladies room huh like that Can't you I mean that would be so much easier, you know and they could always walk out of their say well if don't like a finger Here's sport waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil what's happening? Yes, sir. Good. I go out to you Is that when you go on vacation you leave this guy for sake and country. Yeah, that's an admirable thing to do What I want to ask you is I don't usually go to Amsterdam right and roll and Berlin and Colone and the question I'll thank you. Yeah, what do you go? Do you usually take like a companion or do you have like casual hot gay sex when you like? I don't have I don't have hot gay sex anywhere there or here or any place else is this the hot gay sex guy? Yes That has no life. I don't have I mean if you make you feel better. I have hot gay say I don't have a hot gay sex with myself right now He's losing okay Everybody everybody everybody everybody that works in the music and musicians most of our gay musicians okay Okay musicians God almighty the list the list all writers huh writers poets She's I feel so inspired now We may have to respond to show here People listen to other sports shows on QAM I mean most of them that goes without saying we already know that Remember what alcohol seems to be about it at the gate club you moron nine minutes past noon is five 60 WQL I tell you what no matter what you are you gay straight in between on the side of the old people go to Poppetal Park the afternoon evening have yourself a wonderful time tonight on an investigative report Discover the shocking secret of Bill Clinton's homosexuality I had sex with Bill Clinton many jundos like this one have come forward much like the jing those such as One-eater brother egg not to mention rumored affairs with brother egg brother Victor Wono Allen suits Richard Deacon and Charles Nelson Riley hello I'm Bill Curtis join me tonight for all the president's men Cover ticket five 60 WQM speaking of men Oh close to not a match Ed Burliner baby. I love that and by the way these jingles are going over big today I was in Buffalo, and these duck is heading to door and said hey how about that? So get out of here go back and sit at your desk Here's a tamarack hello Hey, no, okay How about the men Shoes met the macy the partners horse Now it's starting to get a little more specific where you kind of like narrowing it down Fashion all to be exact shoot Okay, oh no names of course Wow Let me know really when you come right down to what kind of guys want to smell all the guy's feet Huh? I mean I know our well, I mean don't say that I'm sure that our good friends did brand-easing our people at the new balance We got a lot of balance people both of those places You know we need to care who they're dealing their great folks But when you come right down it would who the hell wants to have a job sitting around? It's different another guy's feet all day for a living Unless of course you got maybe like a foot fetish Here's a tamarack hello. Yeah, sir. I was wondering did you didn't have to catch day fly not NBC last year? Well, yeah, the thing about the major for Miami and his traffic incident up in the right I thought the very very ass end of that yeah Well, I do one thing that was just incredible. There's three things first of all if you're a policeman You obviously don't have to obey the traffic laws Because the guy said no matter what I did I shouldn't have been getting sick of it because I'm a police officer Right, that's right and then the second thing is you should have heard this guy's language He called that policeman give me my license bitch. No, no, let me ask you a question I saw about the last two minutes because that was watching hockey of course right and I flip over that because I do like that show And I would have sworn that the effort got on the air Well, it's possible, but how could they believe they couldn't have had anything the guy said without the effort everything He said was the effort yeah, and his basic defense was maybe it's a cultural thing But he says I'm from the city. That's the way we talk to everybody. Yeah, so I was wondering so and I said and then you know as much as you know I'd say whatever the guy said where would I be if I have been the one calling him a bitch and boy and mother after a misman Right, and then of course the capitol of all the guy says well I'm just out there doing my job. I'll do anything to stop somebody no matter how bad the law is I'm doing I said well Jay there we go first he's a man you don't have to obey the law through policemen second of all If you pull over don't we can have any way you want You know that I did well if you're a black guy I guess you can I like to think what would happen if I got out of the corn It could be my license bitch Give it a shot call us back and I was no, okay, give it a try Okay, I didn't see it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one I was busy watching hockey games last night was watching Buffalo jersey a fairly entertaining one one time Watching the penguins show like the hell out of the pathetic Chicago black hawks five to two Pretty entertaining for a little while there Watching a couple of them. It's a Dallas and Phoenix to the the coyotes Dallas won that game by the way In case you went to bed early. They wanted to read it to I don't understand them I don't understand they got a lot of old guys on a team and then they got Betty hold they brought hit her back I don't you know my keen and Brian Scrootland and the geek carbonyl a lot of real old old guys You know on a team I mean they win they keep winning but watching that is my idea of excitement What do I know here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello? Hello, yes, man. Yeah, I have two things to say to you. Yes number one is a man job would be an OB to YN and A gay job that you know a lot of people in it would be probably a hotel industry guys I've seen a lot of them. I used to work with them So the three-machint that's why I wanted to add to your list. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome, bye bye hotel clerks Huh nature dees Right this is such an expansive list we could do this for other six months and I'd even scrape the surface of it How about proctologists? I mean seriously when you come right down to it what what kind of a guy really sir I'm I'm asking is I've asked this before It takes a very special breed and I guess we should be grateful for them not the ones that are cracks that are like the rubber band man I want to give you the magnets from my shoes that everybody that goes up there gets the rubber band What do they need it wanted or not, you know the rubber band man But what kind of a person wants to stick his finger in the other people's spectrum and we go it around Huh Yes, probably I'm talking about strangers now you do understand that I'm not talking about somebody you know You're stick your finger in a strangers vacuum Oh, come on No, we were always very close now up to which knuckle Here's a mobile in Naples, yellow Mobile in Naples Okay, nice talking to you. They're paying Santa understand that they're paying for it on their dime They waited only a little minute to nine and they ran out of money five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line Seriously, I mean I don't want you to spend your whole rest of the week thinking about it But that's something for us to wonder and it is a very important thing You know, we'll in there have those examinations, you know those coral vector exam somebody's got to do it It's a filthy job, but somebody's got to do it In fact I know it's I'm having my own lunch and have from a truck by the way Thank you chuck into sub center where great salad here which I'm doing great by the way once you're where 77 is one kick and ask But you think that I mean I'm sure that it must have happened over the years That maybe a proctologist has occasionally put on that rubber glove inserted his digit and then you know what I'm saying Are you conjuring this up in your mind? Huh I mean I actually said before if there was a god we wouldn't have to worry about these messy smelly terrible things But unfortunately there ain't no god it just nature doesn't play favorite nature is wicked But I've often wondered that if you know the proctologist ever like starts examining it. Oh man Here's a Cooper city hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I think Honda strivers aren't Yeah, interior decorators party drivers aren't I knew a couple of who were Okay, no names interior decorators probably are Yeah, that's already way I'll head on the list. Yeah, okay, and did Capri just back and down that's what I heard What questions you are Alex and Palm Beach? Oh, how come he's not called on us? I don't know. I just went on the internet Okay, thanks for the good look. I'm up. Yeah, I heard a couple of weeks ago Capri was back in town ain't talking to us I guess probably because we shine on whenever he comes down here. We like Captain Dave He's a good guy from a distance. Do I have any money for him? No, he's he's all right He kind of bounces around he's here. He's there. You never did to that spot where he played the Brutus And the knife behind his back Lord look like an expert or like I always called him and he went out there to Hollywood and thought apart playing an expert or in some Spot Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Great. How about all those little things that are in the Music parks address up in the little costumes. Oh, a amusement park. All of these things. Excellent sir Hey, and how about Chris Wells with all zero except for penalty minutes? Yeah, he's he's done about any he's doing it Oh, he's on here for forgetting though. He's a project Yeah, he's a project. Oh, he's playing like this. So be living in the project. He's a reject. Uh-huh How about this kid Wilson that came from Buffalo Mike? How is he? Did you read what they said about him? No, late for a practice late for meetings Like the chronically late. So he's not playing. You probably get bench good night. Oh, right excellent show people had work in amusement parks People have dressed up like Mickey Mouse or people that just like to dress up maybe like Barbara Streisand, you know guys like that Show him Crawford Betty Davis Marilyn Monroe. I mean just see a drag queen that's obvious But people had work in amusement parks We don't want to say like the Disney people because we don't even get those the Baptist people all stood up again, you know By the way, there's a to show you that the goi I'm really run this country not as Jews Newsweek magazine for which by the way I subscribe and I pay money and I really reason I'm gonna write them a letter Which I never write letters to anybody. I'm gonna write them a letter pitching them out This week's newsweek magazine 2000 years of Jesus on the cover with a depiction of Jesus And by the way, since we are talking about this. I mean Jesus Bleach up a little bit talk about a bad drag out there look at that picture Get serious And go to the tweenisters there Huh, I don't want to look again, okay? But there a whole bunch of stupid pull. I mean what kind of people did they pull a bunch of retards for this pole? Huh How important is it that you non-Christians? How is important that non-Christians convert to Christianity now even jellical Protestant said Very important 72% of them said it's very important to convert the world 25% of other presidents only 17% of Catholics How do you like that? Here's now this is the best. I want you to stop while you're as soon as you stop thinking about the proctologist and What he's doing think about this? The pole question you believe that Jesus Christ rose from the dead after dying on the cross Christians 88% of them said 32% of non-Christians said According to this poll in Newsweek magazine Is that incredible? They're both unusual how can you be a Christian and not believe it? Oh, you think that most Christians believe that crap? Well, then how are they Christians that they don't? Because they were born into wouldn't they like going in a It's a fraternity thing. It's a fraternity. It's a social club. It's like going to a panther's game No, seriously. I mean if they said are you a panther's fan? Yes, are you a hockey fan? No That means they show up at the games. They fraternize they socialize they smooth They do a little group of you beers. They oh, it'll child have a good time go home Are they hockey fans? No, no, did they go to church? Yeah, they smooth they socialize They bring the covered plate, you know for the church picnic and a supper and did they believe it as crap? Oh, no, so they're still Christians But the idea the 32% of non-Christian supposedly believed that Jesus rose from the dead I wouldn't be surprised if Graham on that magazine, you know Here's a lady mobile and pepper pine, yellow Great, okay, I'd hear this. Okay, um for horseback riders It's mostly western the women are lesbian to ride western Yeah, the men are gay who ride English the men are gay who ride one who ride English Like do the jumpers and the show jumping and yeah, right there gay There was a red or something is that redundancy English your fags that's redundant Oh, well, I'm a hollyow's like I said it's really really Yeah, yeah, holy O's got it in there. Yeah Better start to come out the little honesty is good for those besties The onions who have the money from the drugs come over and I go to yeah, well, they're all a bunch of drag queens anyways How do you know the difference? It's a joke. Okay. Have a great face. We don't get to it Bye bye. Oh, the list look at this. Look at this. Look at how big it is for Christ's shakes Drawing by the minute so the hulios right English The hulios ride old English bearback They're riding bearback over to Westland probably right now while we're talking they're probably so emotionally and swatted up from this conversation And you notice there's not one person that's called an opsia. I left out the ear force. That's right. There's one for the straight people Air force There's no fags in the ear force are there up What's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love his new balls? The only thing that separates us from the man is the country gloves bathroom stalls Finn number agree or all fair weeks. And quest because I'm a tap there are rappers, a play golf and a day. He time to toss him to the top. Let me see his golf, his the only time to tell you. I'm gay, let's play Elton, he's a silly golf to me. Oh, and Rod is great, kick, hit, hit. My face, son, ladies golf to me. I'm a fact in the church. Okay, 1231 at 560, W.J. I'm so excited. We're going back to this newsweek thing for just a second. This is really fascinating because it's got what they claim to be a kind of a mangled history of Christianity through the ages and here. And they have the chronology of this 33 AD. Jesus is crucified, a 33 year 33. What will that be? A day. Yeah. Oh, that's right. See, we don't think of Adam and I. We always think of like after death. Huh? That's not correct, isn't it? No, it is not. I know, it's underneath. There's not many. It wasn't that he went to Riosk's year, and then I Roberto Dominique. 33 AD. Jesus is crucified on the order of Pontius Pilate. 61-25. Now I always heard it was like no around the year 90. Okay. But nevertheless, this is at least 27 years and up to almost 100 years after he died. The four gospels attributed to Mark Luke Matthew and John are written and circulated. Okay. This is with no printing press, no radio, no T.E. TV, no wireless, no anything. Huh? And here we are, 2000 years later. I rest my case. Oh, but there were witnesses. Yeah, I got a witness. Here is a highly, a hello. See you, God. Yes, sir. To more for your due occupation list. Yes? I don't know if anyone's mentioned male nurse. Male nurse, excellent. And physical therapists. Okay. All right. I'm closing can you play the change restaurant? Okay. Thanks. Yeah. I'm going to be a witness. Physical therapist, male nurse. Here is a list of just Ziggins and Ziggins. No one of those no unemployed bags out there, you know? That's why we're always all working. You go to the unemployment line and see any gay people there? No, all straight. Desperate broken down, looking straight pasted in America because all of the spangs have taken up all the jobs. Here is a crowgable. So, a crowgable. Going once. Going twice. Okay. Well, we know there's no bags in the gable. Small, maybe one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here is a Hollywood, hello. I knew it. It's your money. God, sorry. I knew it. I knew it. I can't even say it. Okay. Good. We're kind of tomorrow. Okay. Have another one. Was that pathetic or what? Was that pathetic? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Got the start of the thin out a little bit. Actually, some serious accident. We finally had other topic. These people can relate to. Something that they understand. Because they know one when they can smell one. Okay. We didn't get any comment. Except for Steve. Of course, he'll hang out there in the ladies' tea room. Zy's going Steve. He's getting some action. Maybe he likes to dress up. Call from Washington, DC. Hello. Yes, sir. You missed the very obvious one, Neil. What is that? Congressman. Congressman. Yeah. I'm calling from the glory, old capital of the world. Right. By the way, he's here in say hi to George Stephan top of us. Well, you know, I'm a straight guy, but I've had a couple of strange experiences up here. I won't share with you. Really? Yeah. Please include Congressman on your list. Not Barney Fag. No. No. He's too obvious. Yeah. That's why he got those puckered up. Oops. You know. Okay. Okay. Thanks for your good news. So anyway, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the mobile one line. Did I say anyway? Did I say that? Did I say anyhow? I didn't say that today. Almost there. See one of the people's lines. Here's my any. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, it's a ground floor. I mean, I haven't seen a response like this since he was doing the, who Leo anal sex topic like couple months back. Well, I think I think there's some relationship. Do you see a little bit of a crossover here, maybe? Yeah. Right. So I'm going to listen. Anybody who has ever ever worked at third-end any store. Any work. And I'm telling you this because I mean, I used to work there. I'm the exception to the rule. Maybe maybe not. Yeah. But you're kind of like I'm decided. You got one till in and one till out. Yeah. I've got one finger in the rear. One finger in my mouth. Uh-huh. Hopefully not the same one. Yes. Yeah. They have something they're called the visual merchandising team, which is basically a bunch of fairies who would like they dress up the mannequins. So, oh, yeah. The guys that dress the mannequins. Yeah. Exactly. That's a visual merchandising expert. And bird-hines, all they do is turn out, you know, gay visual merchandising. As a matter of fact, my friend was a, was a plane for a job there. And I don't think he's going to get it because he's straight. Oh, forget it. And so you used to work there? Yeah. Mind you. Yeah. I think we had to fix them real select times to use those tea rooms at bird-hines. Yeah. Well, you know, I call you once a long long time ago because I had a tea room in and I was, you know, taking a bath through my bird-hines. Yeah. And I'm the guy who, I was sitting there all of sudden, and I see a pair of penny loafers under the, under the stall. Yeah. Just staring there, pointing at me. Tom, next time, stick quarters in it, you'll think about it. Maybe. Okay. All right, Neil. Ha ha ha. Oh. Yeah. Oh, I thought maybe he was going to say he saw somebody stick his penis under the stall. That poor Margaret Orth Boy. I wish Tim Russell would straighten her ass out or some part of her. She's the, the limbo rock. And it turns out by the way, the Jeff Trial, the, the cartoon, the Mickey Mouse tattoo, was not as ankle it was on his hip. So the reason that the other guy recognized him looking to the glory holes, he recognized seeing it on his hip. Not as ankle, okay. So we'd our guys are down there on the ground doing the limbo rock. Stick in there. I'm under the stall. I'm not going to. Okay. Somebody draw her a diaphragm before it's too late. Well, I didn't know straight bitch. I'm not going to tell you. Yeah, I can't tell you. I'm not going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. Yeah. So, I suppose I'll tell you something. Oh. I'm going to tell you. Okay. Hold on. Okay. Yeah. Hello. How's it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Who's speaking? Yeah. Oh. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. You got rest on for jail? Huh? Uh, how much you want for the sock? Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over maybe eating dinner with you. Okay. Uh, does a job price include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, dad. You're Chinese? Yes, Chinese. Okay. It's a slow one. Yeah. So let's go. Go. And then, don't play. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Okay. I'll go and get my computer. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, you know, do you know what I'm saying? Go. Go. Go. Go. Uh, I just wanted to give a five. Go. Go. Go. Okay. Okay. I'll go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. All right. It's a seven. There's more truth to that than fiction. Every here they speak. And, uh, those are wonderful Chinese people. I do love the Asian and the folks for, but, uh, they can't speak. Here is some more homos that says on this list from one of our listeners, make up artists. Do we already have that? Uh, Navy submarine personnel. Are you kidding me? Under their doing it under water? How much is the Navy? A couple of facts. Navy. Corros singers. And then of course, Cubans. I mean, that's obvious. Let's see a broadcasting people at Channel 7. The cruise, they call it the cruise black. Not the news, black. It's the cruise black. So we're Channel 7. Bank tellers. Mail telephone operators. Most people in the travel industry with exception of our good friend Bob Lincoln. And then it goes on here about radio program directors, but I won't read that. We'll see where it's from. Okay, it's a 1245 at 560 WQAM. Don't be picking on Andy S. and it was like that. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile and West Palm. And then, can you hear me? Yes, sir, I hear you. Okay. I've only been a carp on an F.I. So I don't know if they had the obvious or not talk shows. Oh, yeah. Okay. Now, I want to ask you a question. Can we remember seeing the hockey games when they were the original 16? Yeah. You were back there. Mr. Walsh to get inspected. Right. Yeah. What was you saying is, follows, tell it twice. You're back then and now. What is it? Talent wise. Again. You're self. You think the games were better back then or now. Yes, they were better then and have a great day getting new phone. You're right. We can't hear you. 5605. 660. We also think that was then. And this is now. What's his name's kid Martin. Sheen's kid. What's his name? In me or west of us. And the one would be Craig Sheffer. What? That was a pretty interesting movie. That was then and this is now. That had its moments. You know, I mean, they didn't look too bad. But in the middle of the east of us, though he always looked in the roti. You know, he was always a little bit off like he was ready to go off the floor off a post office or a banker something. He's always looked a little right on the edge. But he's not too happy. Like, maybe he just was walking down a hobby behind the back voice. Got that kind of sour look on his face. Yeah, we understand that fat boys terrorizing men and women around the building wherever he plays this. In fact, you know, something I think it starts out with a farting and then the evening next time he'll go in a tea room and there'll be somebody in both stalls. You know, this walk out in the hall. You know, because, you know, when you're that big, can you imagine the pressure? Can you imagine the enormous amount of pressure that must be building within that creature? Oh, God. Here's a mobile and pop at a fellow. You know, the least I've seen then got the staples in which released some air in various parts. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. A couple more for your list. Somebody stole my bank dollar thing. Did you do cheerleaders? Yeah, we mail cheerleaders except for Trevlaut and we're checking him out. Okay. Quire directors. Dance choreographers. Oh, Jesus. Oh, you have to like, pretty. Right. That's it. Also, I get to hear that cheering up better. I was worried that you were going to be moving up to the York getting that dairy farm and opening the liquor store. Yeah, that's what I'm doing. Well, have a nice one. Okay. And have a great life. I'll be seeing the table here. Open line and date five, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five. Well, this is like buyer where there was today. All of a sudden, see, we finally, it's taken us 14 months on his station to figure out our audience over here. A lot of the same people, but a lot of different new, some of the sports learned spilled over. The sports nerds all they care about is anal sex and who are the facts. That's what they want to know. I think we're just going to do sex topics every day on this show. How will all the other crap? In fact, you know, Greg Radius, he across you, hell of a lot less and get 10 times the ratings. We'd be making millions here. We'd be rolling in money. Instead of sports talk, how about sex talk? Huh? Nobody cares about that boring sports crap. A very young Florida Gator team. The Florida Gator. Yeah, who cares? Man, I love these jingles, by the way. God, something that actually besides me, sounds vibrant and alive on this station. But anyway, here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes, deal. Yes, sir. Great topics today. Yes, it is. Just to maybe add one to the list and make a couple of observations. Yes, sir. Wrestling coaches. Wrestling coaches. Absolutely correct, sir. I'm so really correct. When I was a senior in high school and upstate New York, I thought I'd go out for the wrestling team. Yeah. So I went to one practice and wrestling the practice rooms are smaller. It's not like a great big gym or anything. It's got math, although. The more can find area. Right, exactly. So all the sweat, you know, and all that kind of thing. Right. But at the end of the practice, and I since I was new to the whole thing, you know, it's learning, you know, the positions and the holes and this and that and the other thing. At the end of the practice, the coach came out with a little, uh, a practice golf ball, a whistle, golf ball. You know, a little plastic thing with holes in it. Yeah. And divided up all the wrestling team in the two parts. A whistle ball. Right. Exactly. So one, the half of the wrestling team got on one end of the wall and the other half went to the other end of the room. The ball was given to one, to one half of the team. And they got into a huddle and then they had a hide it someplace. Well, they didn't hide it in there. Back home, back to them, did they? They only placed a hide it, isn't your chalk strap. Yeah. So now the object is for the person with the golf ball to make it to the opposite end of the room with the golf ball. The object of the other team is the group and everything to try to find the golf ball. Yeah. So you can imagine that. Another thing in there to grab a ball. To grab a ball. Or two or three, yeah. No, exactly. Now, what if they come out with a fistful of balls? Exactly. Like a fistful of, yeah. Well, exactly. The other thing is the colony asked you something. It's interesting you mentioned joxtrapped. Do wrestlers were just a regular joxtrapper. They were a couple of cocky players. No, no couple. I can baseball or hockey. Right. The support strap kind of a thing. Just a regular joxtrapped. Oh, my god. Now I'm more convinced than ever. Exactly right. Exactly right. Are you kidding me? Not kidding me. Just a flimsy little g string. That's right. You don't put a bag in the box. Oh, get together. You know what I mean? Exactly. Exactly. I think I'm feeling your, uh, basketball. That's what you're doing. Right. Exactly. The other thing is a couple of you cockers to go. You had somebody call up about that major from Miami that stopped up there at Orange. I think he kind of missed the point. The officer was in big, was mad because he knew what was going on. He knew that he was being profile that, uh, you know, for it improper stop. If a guy's driving at night and he fits a certain profile, the cops make up anything that they want to pull him over and search the car. Yeah. And he was trying to let him know that he was, he was on to their gang. Look, I didn't do anything wrong. What are you doing with me? I'm a police officer. I mean, I'll set up in your land where they would never pick on no dark folks. You know that. Especially. I must say could. Okay. Very great. Thank you. So that was great. Here are somebody's facts. You don't want to miss this tomorrow night. The figure skating championships on ABC. I'm going to clock tomorrow night. For those of you who like, the amazing part of this is that there are actually our head of a sexual people that watch figure skating. Is there anybody out there in anybody in the world who can tell me, Why would you watch that? Have you ever watched that? Sometimes. Why? Like that. Why? Because I skate. Yeah. So I want to see how, you know, like, could I do that? There's a good story. So in other words, what you're saying is that if straight people want to find out how something is artistic is really done, they have to watch Fags doing this. That was your story. Thank you. I risk my case. You know, whether it's music, whether it's the arts, whether it's skating, whether it's playing hockey, oops, let that slip out, whether it's directing programming and a radio, oops, whatever it might be. Whether it's a writing, a great novels or nonfiction, whether it's a great poetry. Huh? It just goes on, whether it's a setting our country from these foreign invaders, whether it's being out there in the Navy like Jeff Trail. Oh, I'm sorry. How's he doing? I'm seeing no more. Yeah, it's just amazing. Thank God for me opening up the eyes and ears and the rear of America, to like what it's really all about. Okay, our topic tomorrow will be a graffiti in the ladies room, so all you guys out there better start running around town writing some. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Well, I'll think other women did it. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, how about people that working because they're not working? Yeah, we've got a week for God of all the farmers. Plummers? Yeah, they got all sorts of different sized pipes, sort of pipes. You walk around the cracker, ask all you hangin' out. Do that? Okay, well, thanks. Okay, maybe talking about J. L. Plummer. Five, six, seven, eight, he's a straight guy, but nevertheless, he's a rectum is always showing. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Well, people that working before you speak, we had an career. Why did I know there was some name coming up with that one, huh? No names, please. Give them the George off the air. Oh, God. Maybe he's talking about that career that you should drive up there in Michigan. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. We got the Hank Goldberg Show from Shulis, they do it to a clock. By the way, Hank Goldberg Show today, they're going to be listening all of the gay hockey players in the N.A. To hell of a long list, in fact, I think Denise Potpand is the one that provided Hank with a list. Long, long list. Wow, amazing. You'll be shocked when you hear some of the names. And for a manly sport like that, you'd be amazed. Here's Miami Lake, Sella. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Great. Good. I just noticed the foreshows a little while. I'm not sure if you're a Japanese. Never won mail model. You know, something nobody mentioned that. Definitely 99%. Except for our friend, J.T. in Orlando, we're not sure about that. I mean, I'm a former mail model, so I'm the other stuff. Okay. Number two, Ray Nard, Ray's cut driver for a win a lot. Right. Not to mention any names. Not to mention any names. Next, NFL safety and white receivers. Yes. We've got to mention at least one name. Okay, thank you, sir. But I won't. Yeah. Well, why do you think they call them wide receiver? Huh? Not to mention a couple of quarterbacks, too. Jesus, we've got to say I got 450 pages already filled up here. I got enough to run to print a book. Better than that market or book. I'll guarantee you that. And certainly more factual. These folks didn't let us down today, man. The list is, on never ending. It is just endless, there goes on and on. And of course, truck drivers. I'm not going to say that they're what you call your ordinary standard. They're just lonely. You know, when they get out there, those truck stops, there are some heavy, heavy duties stuff that goes down at the truck stops. So I hear and read. I've never spent any time at a truck stop. But I hear some real interesting stories about what goes on there. You know, I got another one for the bikes, I'll speak in a, how about lady truck drivers. Huh? We may be only one exception that we can think of since we did no one lady truck driver. Although, uh, we're not really all I'm sure. Yeah, well, two of them is she also had rather truck. The battling Brooke also was a lady truck driver. I thought you were, that's not how I was talking about Randy. I thought you were talking about bro. She was a truck driver? No, I don't know. Oh, I was talking about Randy. Well, it's a difference. I think this, I'm saying the same person. Same act. I'll tell you that. Same ratings. Lady truck drivers. Well, why do you think they call us trucks diesel trucks? And why do you think they call them diesel dikes? Wonder if I'm a fish or pepper, girl, with truck. I used to make jokes all of that. That's why she hated me like poison. It was to always make those comments about and, you know, driving or diesel rig down the Hershey highway. How about you Sandy was porked off about that? 1256-560-WQAM. Let me tell you, my, oh, in fact, I bet you Jeff Cohen's got his ear glued to this. Because if there's anything the hands did with sex with perversion, no matter what kind it is, he wants to hear about it. He wants the sniffing he wants to know it. It's so loud, it's a little louder. If I were in love, would you get off my butt? If your daughter's so hurt, if watching Harry such a butt? If I were in love, if you think you better than me, then I don't eat in cafeteria, and I have cable TV. Always wear black shoes, with permeered of shorts. You can play the fun, sad, but you won't drive it in court. You're much wearing the poof, and you're many phones at the feet. Everyone except for you, you're the spin in feet. If I were in love, would you like drive it in court? If you hate any music, if you have the key in charge? If I were in love, would you feel the eye of the creep? Would they clip and cook on every day of the week? I don't have that thing like you do. Don't go to the doctor, and I don't drink at all. If I were to eat a thing that you're doing my way, I would not destroy her. You just don't have to get over it. You need to marry a lawyer. Oh, it's right. Oh, the best. 102560WKMKU. We're outing the entire world here today, and quite frankly, I think we got a real good head start. If I can use that expression. What a bunch of crap. So what? It's kind of something really exciting. It's really exciting. It's something incredibly important to pass. Oh yeah, that's right. Marines. Only a few Marines are. Well, you know, and you can always tell by the way, to say, Sanper Fi. Huh? If they say, Sanper Fi, that's usually a pretty good tip off. It's just that drill team. Yeah, they're drilling it. You know, I love those old military guys. Especially the Navy guys, and always, oh, no, you make these things up. You're just like the guy that I was talking the other day about wrestling about how I'm fantasizing because I'm a fighter from, I got news for it. Let me say it again. Both newspapers today on the back page of the sports section, the All-Broward County wrestling team, okay? These are all high school kids, 17, 18 years old, okay? And if any of them looked really good, I would admit to you, hey, they looked pretty good. You know, I would mind mounting them. Yeah, even though that would be in, and I wouldn't use no names. Probably is reason. But I wouldn't touch any of them. I've never seen a wrestler, a high school, a college, a professional wrestler that titillated me, if I can say that even slightly. So it's not the fact that I'm fantasizing or I'm a congerent. I mean, it's obvious you have to be totally just blocked it out in your head, not to see it, you know? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. This is a whole deal. You have a bikers. Bikers? And then surveyers. Yeah. We got one John Harris, he's one of those. You got one? Yeah, like the movie, like the movie, I'll put you with an opicino cruising. Yeah. Yeah, they're bunch of home with there. Okay. And that was your favorite cruising. We'll home a phobic movie if they ever wasn't. But that's a kind of image a lot of you guys like to think it's all about. And yeah, we don't care. Here's a, here's a payphone in Miami, hello. Payphone in Miami, hello. Payphone in Miami, somebody spent money to make this call in their gun. Oh my god, probably is they ran out of quarters and it wasn't no payphone either. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, the wireless line. That's a bitch, ain't it? When those guys run out of quarters. Oh, no, not now. Here's coconut creak, hello. Yes, sir. All right. I got a couple of clear. How about had directors? Yeah. Waiters. Waiters, we got it. Yeah, a weatherman. TV weatherman, excellent. I mean, other than Bob, we've been Bob's sober and done, uh, Other than them. Why in North Cross? Right. Okay. I went down to Nick. Other than Brian Rokras and, uh, the Kamal guy. Don't tell you other than them. Stormfields? Yeah. Peppy fields. I went down the Nick to Miami. Yes. Um, I bought a mentos. How old are we going to take me to choke one of them down? It'll all depends on where you're sticking in, I guess. Back home. 560, 560, 560, what we know where his heart is at. Heart, I said, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Our big gigantic one to two are this. This is the first of a 75 part series, by the way. No, I'm serious. We'll get a call eventually. If I have to bring it up every day, just briefly about, uh, Rafidian ladies, I mean, why don't you just say yes or no? That's all. Yes or no, a simple answer. No, it's a five say. Yeah. Or a, no. That's all we're looking for. All the way, I can honestly say I'm trying to think it was in a restaurant somewhere. Years ago, when I had, I mean, this isn't the story about the place where I slowed off the toilet seat. What was that? That joint up there on, uh, 441. Don't you remember that story that I told you I can't let a 10 year restaurant? I was there with Bill Calderon as wife and I was doing the green apple quick step because there was somebody in there. And I finally just barely got in there and I sat down on the seat and slid right off the seat. Slid right on the floor with me on it. And through some miracle of the Lord, I was, you know, I didn't have that usual reflex like the minute you sit down. You know, you had that release because you're mind is saying it. In fact, sometimes as you're getting closer to it, you're mind is saying, you know, no, no, not yet. No, this wasn't some other restaurant and I just, sorry. I mean, that was it. There was, there was no more waiting. There was a small place and the men's room was occupied. There was somebody sitting on it. And so what could I do? I went into the ladies room. I took a chance. And there was nobody in there and I was in the ladies room. Huh? There you go. Be headlines in the Harold tomorrow. Near Rogers out of the closet. Dumps in ladies room. Well, you don't count. And there was no graffiti in there, by the way. I did take notice at that time. But that's, that's all my experience. I'm sure I haven't checked them all out yet. Here's, uh, wrong line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. You left out coaches, a lot of coaches are something's welcome. Swimming coaches, wrestling coaches, all coaches. Yeah, all coaches. Bag boys. Bag boys. Ah, not all. Not all. Lots. And bank colors. Do we got that one? That's, uh, given. That's guaranteed. Okay. I'd a man. I'd the iron man. When he on the live and he's not, and he's making millions and I'm not. The iron man. I still don't get it. He's talking to Fred down on there on the ranch. How's Fred on a ranch, huh? Here's, haven't you, are you sure? Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, I don't know if it was said or not, but all real estate agents. Not all. Most of them. Besides Joan and Rob. Most of them. You're just in Becky, right? You just see the ones that come over here. Real estate in it. Now, this is, uh, an offline opener to me. I never heard that before. Oh, man. It's, uh, I get scared when they travel up over here. Huh. And also for the guy who said, uh, all Honda drivers come to jump into his junkier track. And I rate him many days. Okay. All right. So yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha. He said, Tom did jump into his junk. Come on, dear. Tony is another one of those team room cruises from more sland. It could recognize the voice. Eight minutes after one at five, six, eight, we introduced this town to glory holes to the real graffiti and ladies rooms to all these fact professions. It's about time we started having some honest talk on a radio. It's that of this crap of a very young Florida gator team. Oh, God. And by the way, I think I'm going to stop at the shockbox to this. If I can't find me, the Michigan State fight song. Get ready for a getting beat by Duke this weekend. You know, probably get our ass kicked. But who cares, huh? There's a little glory hole for MSU. Well, I'd sure like to go back and see now that I know what I know now. Now it's time to go back to college. Oh, yeah. Huh? Now that I know that I've lived all of these long years and accumulated this massive learning and all this provision. Now it's the time to go back and check things out at MSU. I can just imagine. I can know, in fact, I can't even begin to imagine the kind of crap that's going on over there. But I'd sure like to try. Oh, I got a bad. It's up and they can't seem too high. Kind of a bad. They can't admit that they like to die. They can't admit that they like to die. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. One fifteen is five six. The WWE QA. Just like my mother used to every P old stories over and over again. Forget about the technical K.E. Small potatoes. He was straight though. So anyway, hey, I was just reminiscing by the way speaking of wrestling and the fact that virtually everybody anonymously and unanimously agrees today that the wrestling is a fact pursuit. And then maybe if you straight people in it because they're confused, never caught on yet that they're being mounted. But when I was in Bellow Snyder's summer camp at Fourth Lake New York and the Eder Wondex and upstate New York when I was 16 years old many years ago. There was a kid named Gary Schwartz. This just came back. Isn't it funny how your memory comes a flushing back and rushing back? And you can get like a little stiff in the loin thinking about it. There was a real real good looking kid named Gary Schwartz who were both like 16 years old at the time. And he and I for some reason, not that we didn't like each other, but you can develop these kind of rival reason camp, you know, friendships, rivalries. And we always want to wrestling on the floor together. Huh? What did I like that? And did I grab his parts? Oh yeah. Well that's a good way to do it. Yeah, especially when a guy's got no jacks to have just, you know, in your clothing. That's always a good way to kind of like weaken him for the kill, you know, to get him down on the ground. Yeah, or just in the right position. Gary Schwartz. How you doing, Gary? Sure, we've got off his knees. Here's an Opalaka. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Great. I got three that he lifted you. One male social workers. Male social workers. Yes. Yeah. I know one of those. Number two. Yeah. City mayors. City mayors? Uh-huh. And number three independent council. Okay. Love you. Thank you. Okay. We have an open line on the out of town line. Wherever that is 560560, 560 on the AT. This is an endless list. It goes on and on and on. Is there an end in sight? No. Just goes on forever. Here's Naples. Hello. Yes sir. I have two for you. Okay. And I felt quarterbacks and centers. Isn't that obvious? Yeah. And the other things that response to your graffiti thing. Yes. Like yourself, I've been in there a couple of times because it couldn't wait. Right. And not only is there no graffiti, but there about a hundred times clean in the mess around. Yeah. Is that something? I love it. Okay. Yes. He men are slabs. But it were slabs we go in here. We make a mess and sure stuff on the floor and you know, that's the manly thing to do. Even us bags. We tend to be slabs. But women of course, even women who are slabs, they, the certain areas like when you go to, they don't call it the ladies room. It's the powder room. You know, and they go in there. They'll kind of socialize. In fact, if you've ever been in a ladies room that is a real powder room, you notice it is a powder room. There's an area where they, they can do all kinds of stuff in there. You know, powder their face put on a makeup and etc. They have a lounge. Yeah. Exactly. It's not just a place to do a, those disgusting things that nature requires. It's a place to go in there and smooth and socialize and fresh enough and whatever you're here exactly. Compare sizes. My question name was doing the Santa Santino's wife in the Godfather there at the wedding. Remember that? And by the way, it wasn't the, what's your name? It wasn't the, who did the guy say it was the other day? Playing the Santa Santino's wife in there. It wasn't me to Mariano. Sorry. You lose. How to how would she have had time for that name? Well, she was always doing $10,000 per minute with Dick Clark and Bill Colin with the wooden leg. But you don't like it, Marino. You know, she was great in fame. Remember that scene in James? Look at, she says, what do you call that? Wicked. Hey, Lee Roy. Who wants to go to an effin' dance school anyway? Lee Roy? Here's a must great movie. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Office managers and receptionist. And also, I have another thing that's, what are the homeless special cars? What kind of cars are they driving like? The little pick-outs and the meadows and the things like that. I didn't know there was such a thing. I just keep looking for the rainbow flag. Right. Is there such a thing? Yes. Meada? Well, Alex, better drove a meada. Well, yeah, he did play. Yeah, he did play. I was from Frisco, yeah. I had one comment. I'm a heterosexual. And I think almost sexual are good people. And most of the make-good neighbors, as long as they don't try to make a pass with me or whatever low-key because I truly believe that they're born that way. And they can control it. Yes, we are. Okay. Okay. So, plus you're not my type. I mean, it's obvious. I mean, anybody that would argue that anymore, that's, you know, not genetic is, you know, probably a kind of gerifile. I'll probably do injury follow. Well, our pictures are, or maybe just jerking off the pictures of gerifile. Well, we have an open line, 560, 560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, who sent me that, a porno video that I got in the mail yesterday? It says on the, I, I, I opened it, Mary. On the tape itself, it says, um, adventures in Italy. And it made me some adventures in Italy, but quite frankly, I never had no adventures in Italy like that. Not yet, anyway. Wow. Man, scored score. Put that Peter North in his place. Here's a candle. Hello. You know, I got one for you. Yes, sir. I've been high scores, I've wrestled. And definitely the mat board has got a few on. The mat boy? Yeah, but his job was to clean the mat after we all got done the rest for us. I'll catch him, not. Yeah. No, no, he knew that would like a taller is ton. He did it with a towel in a tongue. Uh-huh. Okay. Thank you. Hey, can I get a long time old time request? Maybe. Won't some tag it. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. He was talking about the mat board. I thought he was going to talk about the, uh, my boy that goes into those peat booth places, you know. I just like that. That kind of a job. Okay. Let's not get too far field. We'll see that we can kill four hours with that tomorrow. Or I hate two hours and 50 minutes tomorrow. Just more. We're finally making a comeback here. We got, you know what I'm saying? We had those two days that threw us off completely. Last Thursday and Friday with that Marlin baseball, CREP. We finally took us three days today. We're making a comeback. Everybody's doing great. We got a list longer than my, uh, armpit. And tomorrow we got Marlin's and the Cardinals at 1250 again. Oh, man. Boy, talk about just taking all the steam out of your sales. Here's a color red, Chela. Color red. Going once. Okay. Long gone. I probably hit the theorem. Here's, uh, Volca. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Before the, and those break you were talking about the news. Right. I want about a couple of minutes to talk about the commercial break. Yeah. We don't have any news. We get you in our thoughts. Lots and lots of spots. We were, we were talking about the, uh, plumbers. The plumbers, when you look at the sink, the holes in the sink that the force comes through the quote, cock holes. Yeah. And if you want to blank one of them out, you want to the shop and yes, for a cock hole cover. Mm-hmm. Just put it to my. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We believe you. Do we believe him? Yes. Five, six, seven, five, six. By the way, the, um, this briefing, which appears to about the about to wrap up. Oh, thank God. This guy's been briefing us for hours now. That's the, uh, it's heard him. James Ruben from the State of Britain. By the highest court in Britain upholding charges. And I'm going to read here now from the, why don't we, That will, that will bomb my question. You moments to go. Britain's highest court today upheld former Chilean general Agusto Pino Shea's arrest on charges of, Oh, good. Brian Dance. And however, it's not the same time throughout many of the charges. 27 of the 30 charges in a Spanish warrant. Dammit. A former Chilean dictator. Yeah. Time being for the time being. It means that Mr. Pinot Shea will remain in Britain. Let's go to the Pentagon. Well, I'm, you know, something that's good enough. Funishment right there. Don't you think? Huh? Uh-huh. We're doing past it. Haven't a stay in Britain with all those conspitted, uh, by the way, we left out British guys. That should have been right there at the top of the list. I mean, you know, other than Tony Blair and Prince William. What do you think about Prince William with those red cheeks? Here's a medley, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a couple more for you, Neil. John, going to get a new page, yes. We got a tow truck driver. To truck driver? Oh, man, they're right up there near the top, buddy. They're telling it. You ever have your car towed? Yes. I haven't towed a little more off. And uh, second to that. Okay. And also, uh, guys that work in Animal Hospital. Oh, yeah, definitely. Take your thoughts to the vet. What do you think about that? No question about it. Hey, Lion, buddy. How we going to go? Okay. That's true. I don't know what it is about that. In fact, remember a few years ago, I think it was like three or four years ago. We had a sponsor that was like a veterinary school. Remember that? And they were advertising on a show. See, this is a misconception. A lot of people think that because I'm out of the closet last two hundred years, that's the majority of the people in this audience are gay, which is not true. But they believe that. Or they think that we've got this gigantic gay audience, which I also don't believe. I don't think we really do, but nevertheless, they advertise on the show because they said to me at the time, because I went and met with these people. They said that a lot of gay people get into that animal grooming uh, veterinary for whatever reason. I don't know what that is. But there's some attraction that's there. You know, in fact, when you really stop and think about what you can understand the attraction when you're artistic, like, you know, interior decorators, fashion designers, that makes sense for the stereotypical artsy, artsy, artsy, uh, queens. Yeah, we understand that. But there are a lot of these other professions where there's no rhyme or reason, is there. You know, like the, uh, proctologist for example. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I got a couple of years last year. Although the guy stole my thunder on weatherman. How about movie critic? Yeah, well, now that I said before, since Jean Cisco died, there was a one straight guy left. And, uh, including how about hockey coaching Philadelphia? Okay. Oh boy, it's funny. You know, he was suspended those two games for throwing his stick, even it and the stick do. And they wanted to gain. They had one again in 12 games. Roger gets stuck upstairs. There, of course, we were talking about Roger. Were we? No. Roger gets stuck up there. And he went to games in a row, including over my lease. Oh, well, it must have just been a coincidence. That was the just rumors you heard anyway. And by the way, you didn't read that article by David J. Neill, Roger's getting married. Oh, he's getting married. He got married or something like that. That was just nasty rumors. We'll check with the rumor. I'm going to talk to him to ask him about that this weekend when he abysses dinner. Anybody on the team believe in members buying his dinner? No. In fact, I hear Scott Melonby's got a bet with the entire Panther organization, a heavy duty cash, too, by the way, that when the check comes, rumors say, Oh, Jay left that damn wall on the home again. And when he opens up the wall to get those credit cards, the moths will get in the way. That's what I was saying. Mom, I'm busy reading a very important facts here. A fake facts from somebody allegedly known as Dave from a sterling or praisel. Dear Mr. Rogers, I'm writing to a complaint. Writing to complain, that's T.O. All T.O. Complained about your vulgar, a vulgar V-L-G-E-R language on the ear. Not only is it not only is disgusting with two S's, D-I-S-S-T-U-S-T-I-N-G, but not appropriate as well. And period as of this day, filing F-I-L-E-I-N-G, a report with the F-S-T-C in proper authorities, a member of Mr. Rogers, you reach a large audience and majority of these people are a little children. A majority of these people are a little children. I thought they were on school right now. Are they in school? No. So please keep the assholes to a minimum. And over your full question, you left that radio personality spell with a T-Y-S. Another fake facts from one of our chronic effectures handwriting in the box. Pretty weak. Well, I mean, maybe you're talking about many of the people have a IQ of little children, including all these literate people that are like the concern citizens that we heard from yesterday. Let's see, post office workers, yeah, post-il workers, nobody called that. And they absolutely correct. I can name some names there. Toolplies of workers with the exception of I-Good friend Sylvia. Chefs, weight trainers. And then under the dichlos, they've got the PE coaches, women, cops, and FedEx drivers. Also, which is I'm not, I drive a Honda. I'm not a Faggot. I'm a breeder. Yeah, that's what we're worried about. Let's see, here's another one for our list. Copy your tickets. There's all copyright technicians. Every single one of them. Each and every one. Okay, well, we're learning a lot here today. I'll tell you that even I'm learning. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Okay, can block once you get in. Can block he was on with our Monday. Yeah, I was thinking about him coming to work this morning. About the fact that let's see, three and a half years we're going to be out of here. I'll be almost 60 years old. So he's going to be, you have to be like, I don't know, 40 in early 40s. What's he going to do with that point? What's he going to do when I take off for unknown places at that point? What's he going to do? Because that'll be like almost 30 years of his life that he's been doing this. Wow. You owe me, you said, believe me, I don't want nothing from you, but you owe me like something. Like about $10 million would be nice. Does he have a job, you said? Hello. Does he have a wife? No. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami? Yes, sir. Leo. Yes. One more for the lid. How did you go, sir? Got it. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Got that. Bodybuilders, see. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Leo, I got one for the lid. Okay. How about people that work on cruise ship? Cruise ship, people, huh? Yeah, definitely. No, I mean, they learned a lot about cruising. Yeah, not. Okay. Thank you, sir. The list that keeps growing and growing and growing and growing, unbelievable. Never seen my wildest dreams that never envisioned anything like this. Where's that thing that Oya Jennifer said? It just keeps getting bigger. Right. Here's a lady in Phoenix, hello. Hi, you know, I'm calling from Phoenix and I kind of like a new listener. You're like, you'll let you and ask a favorite the same time. Okay. First off, I want you to play two sound lights for me. Two. Two. Do you want to? And? Do you want to want? What? If you, if you, you know, I mean, see in, in WCK, yeah. Yes. And then the Helen Keller song. Okay. And then, the thing I want to yell at you. Now you're asking for two and I said, okay, now you're going to yell at me? Well, I'm probably not a good technique, but go ahead and give it a shot. Well, okay, so, you know, your other sound light, where is this one person is yelling? Look at that behind. You know, it's like you're kind of taking, you know, a stab at some people that are not as thin as other people. As fat people? Yeah. What's wrong with that? I'm a fat person. What's wrong with making fun of fat people? Well, if you were blind, would you say, would you make fun of blind people if you were? No, I'm not blind, but I still make fun of blind people. So what's wrong with that? Well, you're going to have a sense of humor to survive. I was sent a humor almost everything. Right. Except certain things. Except that fat. Are you a fat cow? I don't care you. I don't, I've never seen you. I just asked and all remember everything. The fact that you're in sense, you must be a fat cow. The fact that you reacted the way you did. I would be hearing you. You don't, you don't, you don't, okay. Are you pleasingly plump? I'm normal. So then why would you be upset about fat? If you're normal, why you're upset about having a big fat ass? You, are you normal like signs that have a fat ass? Because then you ought to come over here. Forget about Phoenix. They like fat asses down here. Especially the Cuban guys. They're into big ass. Oh, yeah. I'm just, come on down here sweetheart. You'll be busy 15 hours a day. Oh, please. How dare you? Yeah, how dare I. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, so we'll you play my frog. Sure, no problem. And by the way, loosen weight. Why should that, what's wrong with that? She's a fat bitch. Okay. What's wrong with that? How dare you? Well, I mean, that answer the question right off the bat. Huh? Right? Why? Had a chicken cake? When they should do a way to teach you a lot of weather. We'll listen to it. But with our right, make censorship. There are words in the muslims. But to each other how I feel far came. So, as you see, came here and to you out of the sea, you would feel a lot of truth. Now, if you see, hey, tell her I'm a service day. And the FCC won't be seeing this. So, I'll not roll you say how if you see, hey, take her hand. And check me out in 90 days old. You think they're you? You want to know? Then I'll see you with tea. You want to go, want to go, but got a tea with tea. You want to go? Ow! So, so, so, so what if she was a little bit chunky, huh? Porky. She really did get porky there at the end. And she's like, how dare you? That's a dead tip, all that was a dead give away. I don't understand that. I've been making fun of fat people all my life. If I were slim and perfect, like some people out there not too many, then it would be pretty nasty. I probably still do it. What I mean, the fact that I'm fat, you know, people are saying, hey, look at that fat slob. What's wrong with that? If you want to eat like a pig and look like a pig, then people are going to call you a pig. And it's just a question. If you want people to say hey, look at that. Or if you want to say look at that fat cow. Here's a great fact by the way, that's got some of these fat gottu patients. Now, I don't want to think maybe stretching it a little bit. Any male teacher would call him this high a little bit, uh, carrying away. Um, any soldier, especially the coast guard, it says, and once it says, don't drop the coast. And it says, former boy scout, but how about, uh, one that I came up with reading that, scout true pleaters. Huh? Boy scout, girl scout? Not all, just many. Don't say most. Any man that knows how to sew. Oh, darn. Male, miso, misoose. Men's fitting room attendant. It said the inventors of the glory hole. Radio talk show host on QAM from tend to two. And also, it says, I don't know if we're linear or is that we're, we're liner. How does that say that again? And verliners. We're liner. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, woo. It's back, you know, they spent so much for the jingle pack is that after it came back like that, they had a can to zass because they didn't have anybody hearing it. Ed Berliner. What a, what a schmuckie is. He's an asshole. Oh, God. You know, it's one thing if somebody's talented in their arrogant and stuck up, you know, and, uh, got a, a big opinion of themselves. But what somebody's just a piece of trash like that, no talent piece of a turd, who really thinks he's a hot shot like Ed Berliner. And everybody despises him like poison. Then, you know, you, you, you scraped the bottom of the barrel. As in how dare you. She was great all the way from Phoenix, no less. She won your heart in the miracle worker. Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audiojades, found in a face-lint somewhere in New Jersey. Death jam records makes available to you. Helen Keller, St. LeBloom. The series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out Gueld of Sound. Schlafz clearback 2 order yards. How do you pretty far away? And call 1-800. Order now and get a bonus with 2 minutes by Barley Matlin and Johnny Ray. 4-4-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-3-3-3-3-4-5-6-6-4-5-6-6-4-5-6-4-6-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-2-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-1-4-4-4-4-1-4-4-3-3-4-4-4-1-5-4-4-4-4-5-6-5-5-4-5-6-9-2-5-4-5-5-8-8-9-7-5-4-8-9-4-1-5-9-9-9-9-1-6-1-5-9-1-7-9-4-5-9-9-9-9-5-8-9-"9-9-ona-8-9, he said, what do you want for Tim and a year? Want me to play hurt? So anyway, here's Carolyn again, who's hot to try on this. She says, more or less, be in his nuns. How can we leave that out? So obvious, nuns. And gay guys, airline reservations people. Oh, yeah, so many people at the airport. Okay, if you go out to Miami International for lottery airport, the people, I'm not talking about the touristes, but the people are working in the airport. Can you? And of course, I, it's funny. I was taking a leak at MIA last time waiting for a plane. And I was thinking of myself, can you imagine, like in the wee hours of the morning? Because late at night, these aren't airports where there's like a lot of flight action, late at night. A lot of tourist action. There's other kinds of action. And I was just imagining myself, I must be going on air late at night at the airport. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, my god. Talk about women for old glory. Here's the fact that it says I'm a 22 year old Julio straight, of course. Of course, of course. We believe it. We believe him. No. Yeah, we do. Worked several years ago at structure. The clothing store. And I'm certain that the retail fashion industry has the most homosexuals working within a vein industry in the world. That's possible. The retail fashion industry. On behalf of everyone in our office and behalf of the students at FIU, etc., so on, we love your ass and the rest of you too. Thank you, Julio. So there you go. We really open up a Pandora's box today. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, and I got two more for you. Yes? I do work at Pier one import and jet skiers. Jet skiers? Yeah. I'm a good guy to cook. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Jet skiers. Like I went from Canada that was doing all that bad weed. What was he? He was in a jet skier. He was a snowboarder. Snowboarder. Yeah, he just a border. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He's just a border. He's all he is. What was his name again? He'll never know. You talk about five seconds of fame. I remember he was blonde. I remember he wasn't too bad. He looked okay from the right angle. But his name? No chance. Goes to show you man how the medium-impulators. For a couple of seconds, we think something is really exciting and important and big. I don't know how big it was. But there you go. Shrunky the toll anonymity. Took his weed and went back to Vancouver. Here is a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. Hey, I do now. Great. All right. Who's one for you? How about all of Disney World employees? Yeah, we were saying before most of the newsmen part, but Disney of course has got a lot. They come first. Yeah. All right. Feel better. Okay, see. How about, and now getting on, not just Disney, but how about clowns? Huh? Isn't that a good one? Anybody ever know a straight clown? Oh. In fact, that's going to be our definitive pull question. Which one is the most unanimous? Would like virtually no exception. Clowns are free. I think that's a nippentuck neck and neck. Knows to those. Clowns. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got three for you. Okay. Oh, but I went out restaurant with Vinnie. Vinnie, that's right. What a memory, huh? Yeah. Oh, boy. Okay. Sforza girls. That's not the roller derby. Roller derby unanimous. Guaranteed dice. I'm for the guy. If I got two for you. Any body who works at an antique store or loans one? And arc galleries. Artiel, artiel, artiel, artiel, artiel, artiel, artiel, artiel. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. God bless you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, on the AT. We've got a list here from here to guide day. Massitussia's men for as long as my arm and elbow and everything put together. Unbelievable. Which goes to show you, boy, that there would just airvey were all over the place. Just, uh, I mean, no matter where you look under airvey rock and nook and cranny. Not to mention their George step on top of us. Here's Hialia. Hello. Yeah, it's a heterosexual world. We need to deal with it. Yeah, it is. It is a heterosexual world. Yeah. That you fact think that everybody in the circle is a homo. You saw like a homo to me. You saw like a homo to me. You saw like a fudge bag. Why you said that every time you have a stock. How can we have a stock? Did you say dick? How can we have a stock over your phone? How can we have a stock over your phone? How can we have a stock? Can you take the stock off your phone? I'll talk to you. I don't have a stock on the phone. Yeah, you have a stock over it. Maybe not over the phone. Yeah. What he said? Something about dick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And we don't assume that everybody is gay. It's just that I think was an interesting point. We know that restless. And of course, most of these people that are calling in today are heterosexual. Of course. Aren't they? There you go. But even they recognize you. When are you going to get with a program? See, that's what Bob is, you sure. This is the whole purpose of the program today. It's to point out to people like you who can't deal with it. You're just going to have to deal with it. Okay. The most important, the most influential, the artist, the athletic, the everything, everywhere you are. Just like ABC tomorrow, I think that's those big, bigger skaters on it. Probably get a 90-year. They had the Academy Award, the Oscars on the other. What percentage of those people in Hollywood do you think are Fags? I hear people on the station talking about the Academy Awards, but they'll never Fest up to how what percentage of those people are those artsy, artsy, artsy actors and actresses and directors and cinema photographers and make up people and best boys and best girls and whatever. What do you think they call them best boy for, huh? Ever think about that? Ow! asshole. He's got a sock on it. Maybe you just hang out with Dick Clark at the sock hop. You think you ever hang out with Dick at the sock hop? 10-4-2-5-60 WQAM. If you want to get hooked, I love those people. A roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll. All right. Hey, listen, we're not gonna out your pal, don't worry about it.