Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show about talking Neil called 567 056 toll free for David Grower or pound 560 on yourself. No, the opinions of Neil is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM and easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcasts. No, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA have how young as two young he was America's golden boy. The one who couldn't do that. The never-weigh and really didn't want to. All of ourselves bring to the screen the tragedy that chopped the nation. J.M. K.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.JJ.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J.J. Simplying for your wedding, just gonna show me how fun you're and a girl that even soon has ever analyted so many crazy, old girl. So, you can see that not until mid. Please. Don't many more Ferrari Тогда sales in the department of Greg Reid had 48,273 calls yesterday afternoon saying, no, that Marlon's Philly's game tomorrow afternoon. Us getting preempted early and haven't had a stupid pregame show at 1230. And we still have to carry it. Because we're obligated contractually to put that piece of turn on the air, whether we like it or not. You turn, of course, nobody will be listening. And we'll take away an opportunity that we have to have a massive influence on getting people off their asses. There's good news though. And despite of the fact that you people in the media here in this town continue to be younger than saw us, including Gary Nelson on Channel 4 News, how is it possible to be so stupid? The good news first, the good news is that the absentee ballots are being cast and that they're having to help a lot more people see what they really thought when they wanted to put this crap over on the public. They thought that, you know, if there is day the twine at the July, everybody's out of town and they'll, you know, have the usual, like maybe 10% of the people will vote. It'll be all of the people that they're siphoning money do. I'll make it all these promises through the FIU people, the space transit, planet, terror, the museum people, those people will go out and vote. Everybody else is out of town. Guess what? Wrong. As a matter of fact, it's the twine at the July. It's going to be hotter and hell. It's going to be 110 in the shade tomorrow. There's nothing else going on. Is the rate going on this town? No. No, not a damn thing to do. So it'd be a great day to vote tomorrow, two or three or four times. As long as you vote. No. We got the ratings coming out today. In the very shortly, they should be downloading soon. I think it's going to be a precipitous drop for this radio station and this show in the spring book. And why is that? I don't know, because every spring, the arbitron people up there in Bellsville, Maryland, they lose our audience. Now, either that's because they're sampling because they assume that the audience goes away after Eastern Paisoch, which is possible starting at April or because they really do. One of the other. But the spring book has been really scrappy. Not just for the station, but for this show in particular, even on IOD, last couple of years in the spring, everybody. Nice to know. Yeah, see. April, May and June, and this, in which we have a death-nel April that will be still going as part of this book when it comes out that we're not going to drop off. So I have a feeling these numbers won't be among the greatest in the history of WCU and but we'll do the best we can. They'll be all very shortly. And all of you radio nerds that are listening right now from all these desperate pseudo radio stations around town stand by because we're going to read every number in the book. Why the hell lot? Every number that comes in, that's your killer couple, good hours. So anyway, the good news is the absentee ballots look pretty heavy. It could be a much heavier than anticipated turnout tomorrow, which is a real good sign for the know, if you ask me. Gary Nelson on channel 4 news this morning and they're report on this penny sales tax. Why do you know, he's there with Mayor penis. And he's saying, why do you know the opponents of this are saying that's over 15% increase in the sales tax. And Mayor penis is saying, why do they play games with numbers? Anybody can play games with numbers? And they show you on the on the graphic on the screen, going from six and a half percent. The seven and a half percent is actually a 15.6% increase in a sales tax. And then Gary Nelson says, yeah, but if you buy something for 1075, it's only going to go off to 1095, which is really increased at only 0.9%. Yeah, 0.9% of the price of that particular item. That's not the issue. Talk about paying some addicts with numbers. It's still a matter of how you slice it, a 15 and a half percent increase in the sales tax amount. From six and a half to seven, I appreciate that's not playing with numbers. That's a fact. They just get you through showing you one minute and then a minute later saying, well, but I beat Baudible Bayolus on the crap. The only people who are playing with numbers and playing with your body are the ones that are the commission and all those other jackasses, all those shields that they have surrounding the mirror. Wow, I just we just want to be sure you understand. This isn't another one of those broken promises deals like we had in the past. Yeah, like the American Airlines, aren't we? Is that like one of the main gimmick, Harrison Deal? You lied about, you lied a little piece of turd. He's a good one to talk about broken promises. Get selected on a fraudulent promise that he breaks the first day, gets it off as makes a deal with a multi-billionaire. And then he's casting a spurs in the Norman Graven because he's got a lot of money. What a little hypocrite, you're not fooling anybody with a brain. That's the operative part. Anybody with a brain, okay? That's the most important part. You're not fooling anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnail. And as far as all these people, you're making a promises to if they're that stupid. It really believe it, good luck to them. Then of course, we got our editorials in both newspapers today. The Sunset and a little more screener, of course, the Sunset will be not sure how the people in Howard are looking at this, which I'm sure is a scant and probably life in their hands off too. And the Sunset will say, wow, you kind of like, and then, yeah, and then they get to the very end of the, are they're editorial this morning on the bottom of the page and say, well, if voters say yes to the penny, per dollar sales tax, money date will become, this is the greatest. Money date will become a regional laboratory for traffic problem solving. A regional laboratory for traffic, just like they always had been. Over these last 20 years, just like that first 11 miles of train that nobody rides did they give us for over billion dollars. If voters say no, expect war gridlock and exhaust fumes and hope someone comes up with a better idea. So they're really saying, kind of like I have a lukewarm yes, but the Harold, of course, the Harold as you knew the Harold who never met a Mickey Eros in that they didn't like, who never met anything around the Harold down there about around their building that they didn't love. The same Harold that helped to put over the front over the flop. In fact, that word is right in here, where the hell is it? Yeah, and in a Sunset letter to our list says, so far, Miami's max transit system has not one many converts. Metro Rail has been a flop and efforts to expand it have been losing propositions. Flop, FLOP, flop, flop, say when they flop. I love hearing that flop, billion dollar flop. And the Harold, the same people that said, you know, how great it was going to be 20 years ago and helped put it over the top and cast this person's then on the people who were against it, like Richard Friedman, the Harold now after after that awful topic magazine thing, when they slapped you people in the face for the Humphine time, where they gave you that billion dollar boom-dog old thing, I think that was about a week after they gave you the story about the white elephant, the Miami Arena. Now they come back 20 years later, oh yeah, tailor to futures, threatening that if you don't vote, yes tomorrow, that it's going to be the end of the world. Future one or future two. If you vote, yes, raise the sales tax here to 7.5 percent. Immediately, the fairs on Metro Rail and County buses are paired for all riders and ended for seniors, then on December 1st tolls end on the county's forest pressways. And Yati Yati Yati, it goes on. And of course, creating thousands of your construction jobs in the next 20 years, we should live so long. Future two, this, this is the greatest. Every time I think I've seen the best pile, the best smelling pile of elephant nut turd that I've ever smelled in my life, this is the best. Future two, voters say no, transit plans are shelved because there's no local matching money, and millions in federal aid dollars go to cities willing to help themselves. Keeping in mind, of course, there's no guarantee we're going to get any of it, even if they vote, yes. Tool hikes on local expressways continue. Some roads are improved, but construction, lags traffic growth congestion, already the nation's war third worth, which is a lie to the 12th, rises to first. Meanwhile, now here comes the, this is the greatest paragraph in the history of this community. Ever been written in a newspaper of any kind. Meanwhile, the business climate deteriorates, the economy declines, the tax base withers, poverty worsens, and parts of this once vibrant community, take on the looking feel of a third world backwater. Take the back to lose your boys. That was better look out the window. Okay, like right outside your window, one-herald plaza. Parts of this community, I mean, all of these horrible things are going to happen if they don't have a no more material and more buses. The economy's going to decline. Properties are going to get worse. And the community's going to look like a third world backwater. Guess what, boys, you're about 20 years to late. They, they play you guys like you, the dumbest backters on the face of the earth. You know, I'm so, no, maybe they got a point with some of you, but what can I tell you? Unbelievable. Thank God, they're not using any scare tactics. Oh, they're at the harrel. Either go ahead and, you know, go with the program with the establishment or it's going to be telling a hand basket without more of that material. I'm more, that great successful material, nobody's writing. That they are the ones that exposed the billion dollar boom-doggle the 15 years ago. What a bunch of lion bastards. The harrel, I'll tell you one thing, if you're looking for the Tupacabra and Elante Cristo, just look at the harrel, they're both inside. Jorah! Hi, I'm here to talk about a problem. Then on the lines of women everywhere, how do that man smell? If you guys are driving a truck all day, and you want you to go down there where you have that man smell. The prince-nath of Belly understands, not taking side of it, man smells with new sensei and rain from straight-wrapped problems. The one size is on, kind of, slip on with the air. And, see if any household closer, I feel in front of this, looks like a lightning in your mouth lady with such delightful flavors, as blue ball barely, pretty floating and pink piloto. Prince-nath of Belly, straight-wrapped on, look what's today. All right, that's 15 at 5.60 WCM, so we just find out, and of course we have to do all this finding out ourselves because the massive broadcast machinery of beesley weed are a little bit on the slow side. Come to find out that, and of course the local media still haven't discovered this complaint that was filed against us to the FCC. They still haven't even discovered it, much less putting anything in the papers about it. Comes to find out that the people who filed a complaint were, David Caten and his Florida Family Association, what a surprise, huh? No. The data can't deliver any market by the way that receives the signal of this show. Oh, I just mentioned that in passing, and of course, some of the, what is it? 18 members, some of the 12 members of it, eight members of his organization, probably do live down here. But that should come as absolutely no surprise. David Caten, the man who's decided because he's given up his life long edition of pornography, and now he's a great crusader to clean up the airwaves and everything else. Another one of these right wing fanatics who's decided that he and he alone, and the members of his organization, all three of them, are going to decide what can be on the urn what can't, and threaten people's sponsors, etc., etc., etc., and so on. So I just mentioned that in passing. David Caten and the Florida, not anymore, the American Family Association, because they got passed out of the National Organization, now it's already the little tiny with their two members, David Caten and the Florida Family Association. And you know why I say to them? That's what I have to say to them. And to the FCC, F. Both of you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and a mobile one line, 10, 17. It's only a matter of minutes before people start running in here. Going, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap with those numbers. Eeeeh! I think it's going to be pretty weak. I think it's going to be. I mean, the odds are, unless we have some kind of miraculous June, unless our listeners made some enormous comeback force in them up the June. I think that B.C.M. is going to have a precipitous decline, which of course the timing couldn't possibly be worse at a time when our general manglars running around, how hyper-ventilating about this new non-existent sports station at 2700 on the AM dial, that only six people can pick up. But like I've told you before, when you really are too sure of exactly what you're doing. That's why he, you know, that he offered Geldey like six million year to stay around. And Geldey knows, I think he offered little dog a blank check. Please stay around, don't go over there to be on the side. We know they want you badly. Here's 15 million year, please. Well, you know, it's easy to do that, just like he did with Wayne, same thing. Oh yeah, we'll give you $20 billion for the Marlin games. And now of course here we all are. That's why Joe Costello has got a pay to work here. He was making 375 an hour. Now he has to pay them just to come in for the honor of doing that Saturday morning racing, but he has to do all this other stuff during the week. Because we have to go all the money to Wayne and John Henry. And now the F.C.s. Okay, great. That was a good start. And that was, I think, maybe the fastest leap in the history of this show. I'm trying to think back over the 70 or 80 years I've been on here and right off the bat, right out of his mouth came. Excellent. 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Nile, hello. Anyhow you do it, no case sir. Nile, I am pissed off and I am fired up. Yeah. Okay, check this out. I received the herald for way too long. I've been receiving the herald now from Thursday through Sunday. Okay? What does that mean? I get it in other words, you get it Thursdays to Sunday. Exactly. Yeah. The hell and another stuff too. Anyway, I've never received the herald any other day of the week. On Monday there was a very pro the penny. Right. No penny. And today also guess what? I guess that's stating we got pro penny stadium. Pro penny stadium. Exactly. So guess what? I get the free herald this morning and Monday they want to make sure you read the propaganda. That's why you read this for free. That's right. You read them? Sure. And I call you on Monday and told you probably had a $30 bill in there too, which I wouldn't try to cash it. Well, I'm going to check again. But anyway, I call you Monday and I talk to you and tell you about the seven conceptual lines. Or I'm sorry, the seven proposed lines five with which were competitive. In other words, in somebody's mind some exactly. Right. Guess what? If somebody's imagination. Yes. Today they're all talking about eight, eight lines. Yeah. So they keep fighting lines. I think somebody's there else doing some lines. You don't talk about that white powder right here on the ear, but I think somebody over there ought to take a powder. This is it's outrageous. Yeah. Truly outrageous. There's this great the way that and of course if this was a valid issue, valid issue, you put the information out there. You don't for the primary promises to FIU and the museum and the operand all these other people. If it were to stand on the stone merits and it was legitimate, they wouldn't have to do all these things. And even the hero that it's royal. Right. Glueling as it is, it talks about the many voters are wary of entrusting the county government to spend the funds wisely and honestly. And their suspicions are heightened by the ill advised campaign strategy are promising that the $100 million in county money not devoted transit can be steer to various causes. It's max of bait and switch and it shouldn't have been done. There you go. So how should we trust them? Because they want to make all these promises to all these other organizations and people so they can try to put this thing over on the public. You're exactly correct. And today is the they're throwing up the pros and cons of a penny. That's the headline. Yeah. And they give one paragraph to a normal bream and everything else is for. Right. Of course. It's truly our wages. These are the same people that gave this town. Everything that's wrong with it today, including the first metro rail, including Mickey Harrison, everything you want. You know, when you stop and take a heck made a good point yesterday, here is a guy who that way doesn't bring any money into the community. He takes it out. All of these tourists that they pick up at the airport and they take them on his cruise ships on his accountable cruise ships. They whisk him right over there. They put him in the port of Miami on the ships. And they make sure that they don't spend any money in the local hotels in the local restaurants in the local businesses. They never set foot of them in the airport. They never set one foot on dry land here in Dave County. And yet here's one of the biggest enemies of the economy of Dave County. And he's in bed with a hero that's in the mirror together. It's a beautiful thing. That's correct. And by the way, it was not a fluke that I received the hero on these two days because my neighbor he coincidentally received the hero also. Oh my god, what a coincidence. I'll challenge the readers or any viewers out there that they got the hero today. And Monday, call it in. I wouldn't be surprised that we have people in the audience who don't even subscribe and hear all the guy to today. That's possibly correct. Yeah. Okay, voter, you're off into Marpen. It's fine, and closing a Penela, flop on this. Okay, thanks. Okay, here's Duff Lindsey breathlessly bringing in the first of the numbers. Breathlessly with a look on his face of terror. A look of like, yeah, like that. I said, how they doing? Yeah. By the way, do you tell him who filed a complaint that he heard me at Teliboss? He avoided. Oh, here he heard it. Well, thank god that thinking, oh, look at that. 12 plus the overall station went from a three one to a two nine. Oh, look at that QM. Look at that QM down 48,000 people. Like the listenership line up, which of course is bogus. That's those wired diaries in the last the trend for the morning show. I mean, I'm sorry guys, but you know, we all get our wired diaries. You guys sure stepped into a bucket of stuff with that deal. Okay, per minute 25 to 54. Here we go. This is where is that drum roll? Come on. Where the hell is that stupid thing? Number one, overall, meant 25 to 54 WBGVV. 7.2. That's all Howard, of course. Although they're QM drop, we're good everybody go. Everybody's QM drop. There's everybody in town. Everybody's QM went in the Portland. I sure hope was one of those gravity toilets that they're screaming about on CNN all morning. You know, I see one good thing. We finally went, we finally got away from John John in a few in the world. We finally got away from that. Now, what have they given us? Gravity toilets. Talk about going down the drain. Here he comes again with a real surly look on his face. This is going to be bad news. The man has got a psychotic look on his face. Uh oh. First and second. Well, what's going with that? We got a little bit. Where's not my friend? Damn it. How did we go down in the sheriff? We actually went up in the standing. That's 10 to three of course. 10 to two. We always do a little better with all, you know, do respect to Hank. 12 plus in a morning. Okay. Let's see how the morning guys did 10 to 6 to 10 a.m. Oh, no. Oh, no. Say it as insojo. Please say it as inso. Wild the all-new station that is destroyed. Butchard station Wild 25 to 28. Where the hell's QM? They're flat. 26 to 26. We went for a 245. But we moved from number I think it was five in the previous two ends. To number three. So we're over five here in the per- and so actually we got to be number two behind life because between 10 and two, EDR had a 47. We got that beat. We're number two, damn it. 12 plus. That's good. How about our QM? Did I go down a little bit? Lengthillism is your exactly the same. Okay. So there's something. That's the first trickle of information. Who was number one in a morning 12 plus? Radio Amlor. Oh, 6 6 to a 7 5. Heavy Horde O'Dyre's again in a spring book. Heavy, heavy Horde O'Dyre's and build Rex got two pages in the Sunset list morning. And there's also a big article about his fanics are suing the TV networks because they're all pissed off. It's said it went so on. Looks to me like we had a no-spitting lace cool here in the spring book. Just coincidentally coinciding I guess must be another of one of those coincidences with all the stuff. And here he comes again. Oh my god, he's racing in here. The man is not in the draw. Look how this face. He's ready to pierce pants. What can he do? He's not this how we see it on. He's not even like an A per-day. They're like all over the place. 12 plus how did the Humphrey do in the afternoon? Come on, let's see it. I haven't had to react at all. He's dying at all. He's on the edge of his bed right now. Don't fall off Hank. Two six to a two seven. Oh, just a tad. Of course everybody wants to know 12 plus how did the battling one do in the afternoon. She's the one that's ticking ass. Two five to a one four. Oh, right. Let's hear it for battling Brooke. 12 plus they go from a 2.5 in a fall book to a 1.4. And of course the fall book was reconcered. The 1.4. She's completed her first book and dropped a full rating point. Nice going babbling. The best we'd are. You're the best thing. Hank's not going for him. Man, she might even wake him up. 26 after 10 at 5.60 WQA. Nice going Humphrey. He's up at 10 to a point. Hey, listen in this book. Anyway, it goes up a little bit. We're very proud of you. We're number one. This thing. I don't know what you're doing. I feel the advice you love my eye. But I don't get to keep on checking up my eye. I play new clothes on their feet. Yeah, help my breath. They're broken I'm not a tiny baby. It's come on to me and let's put things in my head. And a sound though. But if you wanna play new clothes, they're singing for my life. I don't think you know. I'm on the way. You should take care of me. You could go to jail if you need my name. Get a free. You let it up red on me. She was 25 but she's just a team. Look at me. I've got my left, I'm pretty, daddy called the call. My best for perfection is because I'm here to tell you, hey, no, my girl, who is my name? Never do things right now. Oh, my show. She's a married child. She's a married child. She's a married child. Yeah, there's no one in store. It's been a year, no time and time. So anyway, like I said, I got a killer month there and I'm on to June. Thanks, everybody. We'll go home now. How did we do this by the way? How did we pull this off? Oh, look like it was going to be a death now and just when we're starting to like, look, our wounds a little bit. Okay, 25 to 54 persons in a morning Howard's from an 8-3 to 8-6. Nice going there, big nose. Yeah, he's that whole radio station. How do you like that? He's the whole radio station is 6 to 10 in a morning over there on big. After that, they're kind of small, real small. How did our morning guys do persons 25 to 54? I've actually all three of them are sitting there peeing in their pants right now waiting. Two eight to a three one. Oh, let's hear it. Of course, a lot of that is that those wire diaries, but you know something that helped in the long run helped lengthillistness year from four hours to four and a half hours a week. Nice going boys, two month down, but they don't care about that. Nobody makes their bonus based on two. Thank God. Okay, that takes care of 25. 54 in a morning and a midday. We went from a, look at this. Five four to a five five from 10 to three, which means from 10 to the aim of the 2PM when this show is on. We're doing over a six year persons 25 to 54. Wait till those men 25 54 come in. Because you know we haven't got any women. We haven't got enough women to fill a, a teacup. I'll tell you that right now. Persons 18 to 34 all of a sudden we made a big comeback. What have we got here in midday? 18 to 34 went from a three six in a fall book to a 4.9 in the spring. It means we're over a five share again midday here 18 to 34. I believe in close to our demographics. Nice going. You'll thank you. And well, to miracle. Just when they count you out. Just when they think that you're finished. Nobody stick to fork in your all of a sudden you make the big comeback. Just because the naeprol, Albert trying couldn't find anybody who spoke English or listen to this radio station all the day parts. See we, and it's really miraculous that after all these months we only had the one month when they couldn't find anybody's audience on this station. Because generally they screw up a lot more than that. WEDR, we have to hear us. How did our good friend do we have to know 20. Let's see 25 to 54. I know this is boring to some of you. But all our radio business people are listening. How did they do in midday by the way over there on INZ on Stupras. Super talk radio. How did they do there? Because they were all of a sudden getting a little carried away the last two trends. And that had to be a large ass which means all the right wingers were getting the diaries. Oh yeah. 17 with 26 still a really crappy number. 26. How did Rick and Pudda win the morning? I'm sure everybody wants to know about that. Anybody want to know about that? Oh yes you do. 25. 54 in the morning Rick and Suds WI and Z. Do we find it here anywhere? I mean we still got a few Rick and Suds people that way. Oh yes we do. One or two. I guarantee you right now. Let's see. WI look at that. We need to get your roll. Why is it? Drum roll for what? That's a dust head. Oh well just in the knock-in-handlet. Oh there's Dr. Diary of Budsburg but I'm not going to play that right now. Okay where the hell is my goddamn odd cheese? We got too much stuff in here okay? We're going to have men 2554. We're not all fighting. Oh. Well wait a minute where's the overall number from in 2554? So we can find out if we made the other part of that bonus. I wouldn't be surprised if we did. We got the first part of the take. WBGG. Oh my god how come he's got a sour look at his position? Be smiling from here to here. We got a kiss baby. I'm not talking about that crappy shot kick and using your plan on FM that kiss. I'm talking about a big kiss right on the big fat. Correct. What we got. Look at that morning's QAM 5.2 to a 5.9. Oh man 2554. Oh he's upset because they got to pay out more bonuses now. That's what he's upset about. That's okay. We're and a few things they got long commercial breaks now. Oh that's weight baby. Starting next Monday 18 minute breaks. Three times an hour in a morning show. That's here. Oh. Alright. What do we do here at the midday? 9.0. In the fall book 9.7 in the spring. That means 10 to 2. We did better than a 10 share here in midday. Oh. That's here it for. Yeah. How the hell do we do this? Well we sure must have had a lot of good wired diaries there in June. Great. We love you. There are monies in the mail. Okay. Getting all only good news this morning. We got a guy who doesn't even live in this market. Files a complaint against us with the FCC. Doesn't even receive the signal of this radio station. He's the guy that files the complaint. That's some of the greatest news ever heard in my life. And if to then good thing that those people got the message and stop taping just in time because otherwise it all be behind bars today. First in our copy right. If you catch my drift. So anyway, this is astonishing news. We'll be getting the Hank's number here in a second. Now if Hank had a big enough number, you do. Oh, not good. Oh, you already saw. Greg, now know what is this? He's my Hank. I don't want you to feel bad. The Greg is smiling. He's got a big smile on his face. He's going to be a big thumbs down like that. But I thought Hank was the employee of the month in May. He sure to had a gigantic book there. All he said he wants to $200 back or whatever. It was Greg says he wants the money back. Okay. I got it right now. Now can't be that bad. Can't it? Oh, no. I can't be that bad. Well, what are you talking about? You're wrong. Oh, I see it. There was number one. But he actually the share went up. He went from a five point one to a five point. What was that? He gave me a thumbs down. The man went up. Wishful thinking on your part, Mr. He went from a five point one to a five point four. And I just got back. Why do I have to plus 75 pounds a week? He's doing it. Man, we just are kicking ass. And this is during the dentist time of the year. So all you people down there on nineteen hundred and seventy on a radio dial. That's that you're going to kick our ass with your stupid make believe sports station. We got a real surprise for you. Because this is during the dentist time of the year. And he went from a five one to a five four. How this Greg, I'm telling you, if he ever finds that one spot on his head, man, I'm telling you he's going to be dangerous. How about a night? Well, we don't look at night. We never give those night time numbers because quite frankly they're embarrassing. But we don't want to talk about that. So we did okay. Now, how come we don't have the overall men 25 to 54 yet from six a.m. the midnight. That's the one that we're all salivating for. Number two, well, how are you? It's a little extra cash there for some of us, huh? It would have been nice to be number one. But somebody here let us down here in the in this last book. I don't want to say who it was. He didn't go. He don't pay. And baseball was up to let's hear it. Okay. Now we're prepared to pay that money to John Henry right now. Not up that much anybody want to buy a spot on his morning games. So I apologize to the non radio people out there, but this is an important part. This is what we live for. People made their bonuses. People got a little extra bonus in there because the station was number two and then overall 25 54 what? What are you shaking your head for? You know what? I don't it has a number one. Listen, are you going to live long enough to ever collect the money they owe you another one? So why do we have to go through that again anyway? Already so what? Then 25 54 overall big is number one of the 72. Oh, I did already see this in QA with from a five nine was six point four. If your hearts out, okay, all your little Julios down there at 2700 on the radio dial would that make the least station that Greg still being in his pants about? What are you worried about? Who the hell are they going to put on here over there? Somebody good? Like I said, 24 11 is 560 WQAM. This is it's a major miracle. We expect to take a big hit today on this crap. So not only do we get a great book today. A surprising a shocking at it. And this includes keep in mind. Keep in mind this includes the month of April when they couldn't find anybody who spoke English. Who listen to this radio station? And it's still in there because it's an April man June. So keep if you take that month out just wait until the next train baby. We're going to be so far up on top. Nobody will need them on Palomar telescope to see us. You'll have to call us space transit planetarium and miss work time we're over here to borrow a telescope to be able to find us. That's how out of sight we're going to be. And then of course tomorrow we're going to have a big celebration because tomorrow night in fact Friday will be the day. We'll have a big party because the election tomorrow that far they're trying to put over on a public and date kind of that's going to take a big time in the back of middle of the end of that. So I think it's going to be a moment as we can our lives here, you know. In the middle of these otherwise very dull in the deadly days. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No, do you or your family suffer from things? The makers of Zyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things Zyfan. What are the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running? Siphre up. Talk to your doctor today. Some swelling of the brain, symptoms and large amount of areas, glands and death, same are always why to get history of temptations and things of local stiffness associated with the use of side effects. Other possible side effects include pines, dizzying as loss of weight, loss of color loss of key strength in the hair. A version of this thing music sound is a nice sense talking like Roger E. R. Hittie Organes exploding head end the cow. Some patients have reported blood vision, children talking as dreading, saying the phrase good to go. Not knees, both in bones, mulled eye brom, like a high cholesterol lowest deemed wet pecking cost dry, he soft doing the sexiness, clot watching and recombies. A more significant number of side effects, users are reporting the occasional doubts of chest pain, where I'm also using this cause you're counting. We see poor head twisting the bitureth, spinal straight, and towing the line, headaches, muscle aches, clot aches, and gas, vessel, and session staring and working. Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.siphreinside effects are you kidding me? I'm hitting me, question mark.org. Siphreins, keep away from cat's dogs, snakes, children, the young at heart, and goats. Siphreins, medicine for today's. Thanks. Okay, I'm not going to mention that Hank felt from 3rd to 6th to 25th at the program, and he gets paid on rank also, and he's going to become a little rank if he, if he, if he, what? But he, if he's sure went up, but his rank went down, you know, it's all this other ethnic stuff in there, and what can you do about that? Coast went up, that's a real, last and the hot 105 in the cramper. So they're probably like having mixed emotions over there. In other words, the white people are celebrating over a coughs, and the dark complicated folks are going like, oh, me, like that, like OJ. This is a major miracle. I don't want to glow it on this too much, in fact, let's take a look at some of the other numbers that people are very concerned about, like Rick and Suds in the morning. Look at a great job. What did I tell you about, uh, Geldia? Leave it to my good buddy, Geldia, to put them over the top if they had any brains, the panther organization would have made him divorce to the panthers. I'm telling you, he'd have made that thing exciting. He'd gotten a lot of people turn out of that instead of the silly old man that bringing in. I'm not going to say that BFO and Joe didn't have anything to do with the morning going up there, or the wire die regional last trend that, you know, but nevertheless, five two to a five nine and men 2554 number two in the market, pretty impressive to me if he actually, of course, Howard had a 121 121, but you know, something we did then they're the same when you're here right down to it. Huh? We did over a 10 on a stupid AM, I mean on an AM radio station on a stupid on an AM radio station. Over a 10 share and that's with one crappy bogus monster in there too. If you took out the month of April, I got news for you. How are everybody else? Look out. We'd have numbers. We'd have triple digits. We'd have 117% we'd have such shares because if you took out that April month, they had a stick of them there so we didn't get too carried away. They don't want everybody walking around like Joe with a swell head. We won't people walk in the hallways here. If anybody's had good set big. The little dog. But this is truly an amazing accomplishment, especially, and you know what probably put us over the top is all that promotional. Thank you Sam. Let's hear it for Santa, Sam. A man in search of a life, a search of a real identity as a free standing individual as opposed to being just another appendage. All kinds of sunny famous people like Jordan night and then Rikai. Anybody else? Always seen in the background, let's bring Sam from the background of the foreground that tremendous promotional here. That's what put us over the top of these big numbers. Am I right? Huh? No. Can you imagine if we did have promotions? If we had like billboards and TV, if we had an aggressive operation here, and these people weren't such a bunch of tight-fisted douche banks? And by the way, for the bees, ladies and gentlemen, are Naples. You're welcome. That's what we want to say. We realize we couldn't have done it without your tremendous support. You're welcome. Well, here's our close personal friend Richard Friedman. How are you doing, Richard? Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Did you fall asleep during all of that? Come on, Richard. I'm talking about our work. I want you. I just call to congratulate you and thank you so much for you doing such a great public service on behalf of the people at Dave County. That's right. I don't even live in Dave County anymore. I got out while the getting was good, but I think it's just a sham and a shame to see. I mean, you know, I was here when you went to the whole thing 20 years ago. I remember. And all the heralded was a tacky when this is a bad guy and stop transit over people, or a bunch of communists, etc. And so on. And then just a couple of years later, they're admitting they're bragging about the fact this is a billion dollar boom dog. Nobody's riding the thing. And now 20 years later, they figure everybody's got a bad memory and they're going to try to do it all over again. It's shameful. It's what it is. And the heralded, they take a time feedler was in teleasky for 20 years. Now runs yet at the rural pace. The guy with outclass and he has no intellect for supporting this horrendous tack. Oh, he's a silly guy in the yellow trench coat that Chase is Gary Harder-around. That's what Tom Fieler is. He's a lawyer. I do know that I do know that they see what they don't tell the public. There's a $11.4 billion transportation plan without the sales tax. And they're going to expand and build more roads with or without the sales tax. And the only purpose for this is just to have more metro fail. And it's so stupid because even the herald on Monday when they describe the whole plan, they point out that one of the trains is going to be a $3 billion to go from the airport to the seaport. That's for tourists who are not going to take a cab. They're going to not take a cab. The husband and wife would four or five six piece of luggage are going to go into a train to go to the port instead of having the free bus service now provided by the cruise lines that take them to the cruise ship. So in other words, they're going to slip us the Mickey again. They're going to like spend public money to help out Mickey again who doesn't, if doesn't contribute one dime of money to the economy of this county instead of siphons it all out. And they promise that's why I used to do this is you're going to have a train. Well, that train couldn't be built for 20 years. It means whoever's going to have for you now. They're children when they grow up. Yeah. 20 years from now may be able to take a train. I mean, that's that's what the money arald even revealed despite the best efforts to cover it up. Yes, and Monday's paper and the train line to north West day. That's another joke. You're going to go up. You're going to have 4,500 people spend a billion dollars of 4,500 people are going to take a train to nowhere. What do you do? Once you get to the Broward County line and the train stops. We are going from there. Where is the service to take you to some place in Broward County? That's my point. This is not a mass transit kind of town. This is the walking town. It's not like going to downtown Chicago to the loop. It's not like going to Manhattan and being the old within a 10, 20 block radius to go in all the places you want to go. It's not like all the other cities that have mass transit because number one. This is not a city either county that's got a real downtown where people go and walk in a wonder around and shop unless they have an award there. And of course the thing already goes there anyway. There's no park in an and then they're talking about having a leg to go to pro player stadium at a time on John Henry is saying he doesn't want to play there and he wants to us to public money to build him a new stadium. What's going to be going on there eight often regular season games a year and are going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to put a leg out there in the middle of nowhere. It's a whole whole plan is preposterous and it's just another boom dog. What is it special interest deal so a few people won't get very rich by picking the pockets of the people who pay the tax which is the hard earn the hard work in person and who's hard earn money is being is being stuffed into their as is taken out of their pockets every time they buy something people have to realize the rents going to go up to utilities electric to tell us all right. And it's a lot of people who are not going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot of money and they're going to have a lot more of everything we find and people are borrowed by them and they don't think that there's equity there and then of course this thing and the editor this morning like I said is there the gloom and doom of all the horrendous things that are going to happen to date County the Christmas Richard already happened if they've owed no the economy decline how the economy got a decline if we don't have more metro rail the tax base with us poverty worsens and parts of this once vibrant community takes on a look and feel about third world Well, you know, it's just scare tactics and silly rhetoric because if you think about it, if 1% is going to do all this for the county, it's going to be so wonderful. Let's tax ourselves 2, 3, 4% and we'll be 2, 3, 4% better. Well, it'll be better. It'll be better. It'll be better. It'll be better. That's an absurd argument. Yeah. And the hell, it's a funny thing is that the editor of the hurdle, who's the best friend, as I said yesterday, when I was down at the Metro Commission, has called the Metro government corrupting inefficient. And then as July 3 editorial, he waxed eloquently when he reminded people about a corrupt Metro government involving airport overruns, right? Bitbrohaha's bus break down contract chronism, disappearing trees, expressuation after his Gantry Creme deals, hot suits, and cooperation roadblocks lobbyists cloud. Overglitches, nepotism, parks and limbo public housing blight, seaport corruption, sorely, shrinking palms, tax the oligomplees of sky-fewding and zoning for dollars. And then in today's paper, in the editorial, he writes about that the $13 million, and day, it smacks a bait and switch and should have been done. Right. Well, it has been done Mr. Feadler. And therefore, why are you supporting a corrupt and inefficient government that resorts to bait and switch tactics in order to convince people to give their hard earned money to a corrupt and inefficient government? How would we like to have that billion dollars that they wasted on the first to 11 miles, but 20 years ago? How would we like to have that for road improvements right now? Well, how about the fact, Neil, that the operating deficit of the Metro rail for the first 15 years has caused the property taxes out of our pockets, a half a billion dollars. And you imagine if we took $500 million and try to improve the community, how good that would be for day counting. Plus, the cost of billion that a cost of building, that's a billion over a billion for it there. Like a billion for it, yeah, inch and I want to put it in right. And then dead in this because the people forget that we're paying, we're still paying every month on property taxes for the decade of progress bond plus a revenue bond that was passed for cost over runs. So we're paying through the nose still for Metro rail, just for the construction cost and the operating deficit is only grows each year and they've stopped out at 24,000 people a day and 18,000 or less on weekends. It caused $1400 a year for us to subsidize somebody taking a metro rail and a metro over downtown. It caused us $2000 a year for each passenger on the metro over. Okay, listen, I got to run. Thanks so much. And we're here to congratulate you on a great job as usual. You and Norman Braiman and we'll get out the even though I don't live in the day and I'm going to get out and vote 20 or 30 times, much better. No, no, no, no, I just want to remind everybody please tomorrow come out and vote. No, they'll do it. Thanks. Okay, Richard Friedman, thank God for him and a few other people. This is small handful of people otherwise they just run over you like, you know, without any opposition. We're trading up at 60. How does this deal do you think? It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal. And later, it's now. It's the totally new Star Wars Yoda. Get hot on our 2D2. Wow, I'll do it too. You make me feel good. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How do you do? I was just wondering if you are a female. Right? You're a doof! So am I. What? Yoda breaks up with R2D2 showing now. No robots were injured during the filming of this movie. Yeah, I'm on my face. So we know in the theater, do you use? I just want to see the flow to a 560 WQM or number one damage taken to the series. As soon as all of a sudden everything is falling right into place. You can almost smell a can't you? Your rolema is just as sweet as can be. God, like getting stuck in an elevated with a mermaid. It's just a lovely thing. Huh? Well, for you anyway. Wow. And of course, now the good news comes that my floor does really move an up to ladder. They have this a survey yesterday. This is one of the most important things, especially when you go to the polls tomorrow. And think about what a great job they're doing of educating your children. Not, and all the other things that really have to do with quality of life. And not just whether we have a stupid metro rail trains to nowhere. Main rises to the top among the best states to raise children. They're number one, damn it. Florida on the other hand was number 47 last time they did this. And now it's number 36. So we're really moving up to ladder. 36. 35 states in a country are ahead of us in terms of quality of life through a raise your children. Of course, part of the problem being all the murder and mayhem going on here. 56. But over Massachusetts number two, Connecticut for Montenew, Hampshire, North Dakota. Pretty embarrassing when it's better to raise your kids in North Dakota because there aren't as many people killing anybody up there, I guess. Really glad Richard Friedman called in because, you know, he tried the first time to tell you to vote no on his thing. And I think he won the election. I think I was one of that first time. And of course, it turned out to be another regulation late at night. I remember like we just yesterday. That's why Airbnb registered voter in the Santa, my voice and date County tomorrow. I know it sounds corny. You got a shock to hell out of them. They weren't anticipating. This is what they were praying for is that just their special interest. Puppets look a lot in vote tomorrow and put this thing over the top. Well, in the meantime, they're spending all the rest of your sales tax money. Just say, oh, more corruption and bull crap. And don't believe this little torpe who stands up there with all these flunky standing behind him. Wow, this isn't going to be another one. I was broken. Pana's deal. Here, how can this man have any credibility? The one the most prominent thing the most prominent two things that he's done since he's been elected was number one is lasting a time around with a Cuban refugees that disgraceful display. I'm going on a Cuban rubber light Spanish language radio stations and being a professional Cuban. Instead of being the mayor of all the people in this county and representing the interest of all the people who live in date County. Being a professional Cuban, which is not what the people want. Most of them. And number two, of course, the worst one. The very first day he gets in turns into a liar liar. My pants around fire because I never met a billionaire that I didn't like if his name was Mickey Erson. Makes him the sweetheart deal, which you, by the way, who live in date County are going to be paying the taxpayers. The subsidized that place for the rest of time. As long as that elephant is standing down there for blocks away from the old joint, which they, by the way, still couldn't fill up. Best team in the East in the NBA and no matter how many games they won, time and time again. They couldn't fill up that joint. And even when they did fill it out, there were just tons of empty seats because who would have wants to go down in an area anyway. We're talking for blocks away. Don't get sucked in again, okay. Show you got a little bit of balls in his town. What a breath of fresh air will be to finally have the public strike back and say, you're not going to stick it in there again. Back goes right. Get so robot as for a change. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, do you know? Yes sir. I think we pretty much stole all my thunder here, but it's all right. We've got in this arena for these people that just don't understand and are kind of riding the line of the yes and no. You know, he's so worried about the money and taxes. He did such a bad deal on that arena that we're going to be paying like you said for that arena. Where is it there? Absolutely. And it's coming out of everybody's pocket and also this pan American games. Where about the money we could earn from there on taxes. And how about the future pan American Genics and all the other international, all the Olympics and all the other similar kinds of events that are net. They've already told us don't even apply again because they'll never come to the day county because you're a bunch of professional epics and we're not going to cater to you. That means one thing there and that was cash. And they chased everything away. Also this transit. This is the only option that we have. This is it. I mean it's like Richard Freeman just said they've got all these other billions of dollars already. 11 points. Some billion dollars. They're already going to be spent to expand and widen and do the roads. So whether this passes or not, that's not even related to it. Correct. My five year, my six year old girl on the news, Thomas, you know what they were doing. I was just yelling and screaming how this is ridiculous. I'll make sure she votes. Well here, absolutely. And she said, why can't they just do something? It's not doesn't cost as much money. Why don't they just make more buses? I mean, it's just so simple. And these people are politicians. And also all the promises that the panos made, you know, you said about the arena when he before he got elected. I voted for him and I'm ashamed I did. Yeah. And I guarantee you when it comes back around, I will not vote for you, Mr. Panellas. And the other thing regarding schools when he went out and sort of crying about all these people landing and sure, I've yet to see him cry about the sadness and the state. Excuse me of these schools, the way they are now yet. These are that. I'll tell you, I'm voting no for this. And just one more thing is people that don't understand it. And like I said earlier, writing a line of yes and no, we're just undecided and pretty much live their lives to the Hollywood movie. There's a movie that I'm pretty sure everybody has seen is lethal weapon for. There's a part in there at Joe Peshie and Chris Rock, where Joe Peshie says, how the cell phone companies are F and U and F and U and F and U and then a few again. This is what they're doing to you people. And I guarantee you, this thing passes, you're going to have more calls in the future about, Oh, they did this to us now that we're paying more taxes. Yeah. We're going to be paying for that. That's written in stone. And you know, you people, you can look at it now and you don't have to go back to the 2029 site. But no, because it's not going to help anybody unless they're going to gain by making, using making cash by this. Amen. And that's pretty much all I got to say. Okay, early and often pal. Absolutely. Good job. Thanks. Okay. Don't forget, one or two major purchases you make per year in Dave County. And it'll be as much or more than you would spend on those increased tolls there on those four roads. Even if you drive it every day, if you're like I pointed out yesterday. Even if you drive it both ways every day Monday to Friday for work or whatever you have to do. You're still going to want to spending more money on a penny sales tax increase overall. I mean, just the one or two major purchases much less all the other stuff that you buy in Dave County every year. There's no contest. And on top of that, keeping in mind, the fact that these four tools are going away for a little while, but regardless of how it happened, there's still these other several other toll booths that are going to be built all over Dave County anyway. Regardless. So big saw in advance to pay a toll. Yeah, there are no sins there are paying in the S. The turnpike toll is echoing away. The sawgrass is that toll going away? No. So don't get sucked into this business of oh, it's got an end the idea. The fact that you people in the median this town sat back and I was the only one that was screaming here. About the over way that this guy that the this group of assholes were getting together to and to venence you people by spring in that 25% of that 25% increase there almost overnight. And crossing all these frustrations and traffic backups. And then the mayor comes on news the next morning on that Monday morning or couple weeks ago. Oh, well, I hope the people are frustrated enough now to realize that we need to vote. Yes, right. You hope because you're the one that's doing it. Yeah, we got some real watch. So, you know, we got that guy with a ham hoax there on channel for that else sunshine. Wave in his fat arms there. That's the guy you ought to be screaming at Mr. or a hot shot. Mr. watching for out for the public. That's what we ought to have is somebody who really is out there looking for the public in his town. And not just somebody who's standing there waving his fat arms back and forth. But a disgrace. Media in this town. You can't complain about the journalism in this town because there isn't any. The only the only piece of journalism we had in this town recently was Carl Huyerson's column of Sunday, which he'd even mentioned award-manity in their once. That's going Carl. I'm going to read it again tomorrow, by the way. This is in a Harold Nolless. The award-winning Carl Huyerson. Who says the estimated cost of this elevated train if it ever did get built with there's no guarantee. A hundred million dollars a mile. Not a typo. He says a hundred million dollars per mile. And nobody's right in the one that we got right now. We're losing our ass as Richard Friedman said on that one. Let's have a whole bunch more likes of that thing. So we can lose a lot more money. We can be able to have to come up with a way to pay for it out of your pocket. To build expensive trains, then it'll wear that nobody's going to ride. It's ten-tast eleven at five, sixty. You're highly rated WQA in. Turn the bloody bitches.Ask him where we will get you abducted our kids? Who is lost? Head or someIND Tell him who can come or stop, At the primary. If you have never wasn't here, I'll let you out get this o', It's obvious! No. It's your actual! Cool content with my elbow and every day. You're welcome to sing and 고�re! Have something to help! Ah-hourtthe matha and not couldn't we dare In abundance only you become no more Because of my mouth and tell me if it's a lie But I can still remember that inside means so lets get me and don't want baby Might be not dumbing They were the prairie, they said, it's still hot, not a good one. You have a man, a bean with so good, bad beans, so good, honey, and we'll have more cash with those beans. All of that, I said, it's still good, it's still good. I mean, that's a nice thing. It's still hot, honey. I got a couple of likes, and how that guy's not there, would write with rather rigid, gentle for locals, or the metro rail. So 1117 at 5.560 WQA. So anyway, wait to see her, these numbers, baby. I love one of these numbers come in, because even if you're not in a business, if not so important they used to see, but that assholes fail. Well, let me give you the good news, okay, for the Rick and Suds fans. They are what I'm just, well, I predicted in the fall, back when I had your close personal friend that touched that put whack in John Ford on a year, in the morning, in men 25, 54, I&Z with their 50,000 watts, where Steve came used to do a 0.5 and a 0.6 and a morning, in visible numbers, and John Ford left folded a 0.9. How do you like that? A 0.9, it could program our Moses farting on a year in stereo, and do better no 0.9 on a 50,000 watt signal. Rick and Suds go from a 0.9 to a 3.5. Those are the guys, by the way, that people is you're wanted to blow out of there. The only guys that got on a little station that have got a following. The only local talented guy on that radio station in any way, shape or form, and the genius, the Mavon, the best stepping jackass, the anti-clistel of the dam, a radio industry, people's are wanted to blow them out. They go from a 0.9 to a 3.5 and it's spring from one book to the next. And the best news of all is just as I predicted, since I've been around a block a couple of times in his business, conversely, in the afternoon, while they boost up their morning ratings nicely, men 25 to 54, wait did you hear this? Rick and Suds in the fall book at a 5.1. What is what's your name? Tab now that got me hired over across the street here at the tire kingdom place. Huh? From a 5.1 to a 1.7. Two, with me, she lost two thirds. Do your arithmetic. It's not a tough number. She lost two thirds of the audience in one book. Let's hear her for the babbling brook who had a crappy book. The babbling book of Brooke. I'm talking about women listening though, right? Yeah, she's got women listening. Three of them in a broom closet somewhere. Three old truck drivers. I guess when a WNBA comes in the town, then she'll go over the top. Yeah. Bitchie brought that sound. Nobody wants to hear that sound. I hate to break the news to you, Peter. She's got broad. Yeah, that's the problem. Nobody wants to hear that. They want to hear Randy's. They listen to the real Randy. Not some Randy Jr. Make believe. Not some Randy wannabe with no material. Oh, I can't begin. It's not a personal thing either. Even though she did get on my nerves and kept calling me at home. Like I was a long-law's friend. And I barely even know her. I don't want to hear about her waxing her hair off again. You know, for waxing build up. Just amazing to me. This like this two pages about build reckoned. They are as son-cental this morning. And then is he show on the year on at the whammy anymore? Oh, just like mine isn't because in fact, by the way, I didn't mention it when Marvin was here the other day. The news show, you know, that there's so proud of on there. And the sports show, which was like the centerpiece that sports so whatever they call it. They're both going off. All the local programs going off on that thing. Whammy. Damn. It's that. Yeah. Thank God. That's why we went back up over the top because finally when I got off of that thing, people said, Jesus, he should have been really embarrassed to be on that thing. So you notice how well we did in the fall in the o' winner. And now even in the spring after we got off of that damn thing, right through the roof. With all the apologies to our close personal friend, Rob, whatever his name was. Kaplan. I know what his name is. And his brother, brother is a little shorter by the way. Think about a half an inch. Oh, gee, he said that there's another $2,500. I'm talking about his height. Okay, you perverts up there and by the way, instead of worrying about us saying crap on here, where's that thing I had here? I got so much good. Look at this. Guess what's last? Not number 50, but number 51 because it isn't a state as far as education. The best states for children to grow up in. This director, Kaplanby, it was in 50 for his place. Oh, then it worrying so much about what if somebody said crap on here, you ought to clean up your own crap up there. Because every time it comes to crimes statistics, feel for crime and mung in the grotesque. A horrible place. Which is the senior federal government. What does that tell you? The back dome of the federal government, the heinous of the universe. It could not even look good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, while it's not. We're going to have a party, then of course I have to go to Mom's for lunch today. But tomorrow we're going to have the ultimate party. We're going to have food brought in here from places that haven't even opened yet. That's right. We're going to have a gigantic mammoth party here tomorrow to celebrate the fact that somehow it's but of all the adversity, all the naysayers, it's but of a general manager who's finger stuck at hole in his head. It's but of all the stuff that we got going around here. That guy with a big head in the guy with a big pupa gun in the morning show. It's but of the fact that we had to send three people in there to wake up, wake, wake, handcuffs on a show of what? Two or three times during that book. We had a, he probably would have been a little higher on the ladder. And he admitted that to me yesterday said he lost so much. He was so fat at one point there a few months ago that he was falling asleep on here as you well know he said and I said, that's right. Here's candle. Hello. I knew. Yes sir. Listen, I just got two things to say. Yeah. I found a mind told me, listen to the Neil Rogers show. Listen to me. I wouldn't do it. Yeah. Why not? Are you some kind of a and you reminded the, no, no, no, no, no, no. Listen to music instead. No, that's a wasted time. I swear to the music in this time. And now that I listen to you, I'm a, can I say addicted, a ride. Another 500 bucks ride. I know it's 500 dollars, but I'm not a damn worth. What's wrong with it? Neil, we're going to put 500 more buses on a congested road. Yeah. And the only people that can be riding the buses are the people that are a senior citizens that are riding it for free. Oh, yeah. Yes sir, we can have another, I had to the gridlock number one and number two. We can add to the deficit. That's good thinking. I never even thought about that. But then, I think they, one more thing. I want to cross somebody at Doosebath. Yes sir. Roger, you ma'am in, you are a goosebath. Okay, God bless you, sir. I have a great life in total several times tomorrow. Oh, no, no. Yeah. There's a guy in candle, he's in Dave County. Got a couple of facks is here. It says, remember back in 1980 when Metro failed was being built. Engineers said that the concrete beam. Oh, that's right. That's right. I forgot about that. God bless you. Peter and Miami. I forgot even Richard Friedman forgot to mention this, but I'm sure he remembers it now. Back in 1980 when Metro failed was being built. Engineers said that the concrete beams that the tracks are on had a 30 year lifespan. So, in 10 years, every one of these will have to be changed. In fact, I remember a certain part of the line where they had to replace them because the pillars were crumbling. Do you remember that? It says, boy, I'm glad I won't be living here. Then I'll be out of here next year. See you in Vegas, Peter. Thank you, Peter. God bless you for reminding me about more ineptitude there. Yeah, we had crumbling pillars, okay? Even lot never saw crumbling pillars like that. Well, here's the fact that somebody by the name of Joe sent to Mr. Harrison. It's a... Oh, I can't, I can't, this is beautiful. Mr. Harrison and also to the Miami Herald. It says, you dishonest crook shove you're a damn newspaper up here. That's gross. This is your notice to cancel my subscription effective immediately. Nice move on the extra deliveries this week to my house. And by the coverage of the penny sale tax, go, uh, yourself. It's cum like you who are driving people out of date County. I wouldn't let my dog score score on your newspaper. He's holding it in your face. Nice going, Err Joe, he's pissed off. See, you've motivated a lot of people. Otherwise, would have just sat around like they usually do in a heat in this town. I don't care, Alex, you're not going to bother voting. Nobody ever votes here. But I think you're going to be in for a real unpleasant surprise tomorrow. Mr. Mayor, Mr. Pinguah, I think you're going to be in for a real big fat surprise. You and Mr. Steerheim, and Mr. Harrison, and all of your other asshole buddies. Every time I see him on TV, I just look at that little, little, corpy face and little ineffectual voice. And I think that myself, let it come. Even if not literally, just figuratively. And what I'm saying? Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Okay, now I want, the reason I left that on there, 34 minutes and 52 seconds that the mayor had a spare time to wait on hold to do that. Is that embarrassing? Oh, what? Uh-huh. That was him right there. You could tell by the sound of that girl. 34 minutes and 52 seconds of spare time on taxpayer money that the mayor has to wait on hold before it doesn't come on here. Oh, like that. That was it right there. That was the definitive call that we've ever had on this radio show. Waaaaaah, that's a lot. Here's what I'm asked to be fear. The threat syndrome player presents Shakespeare, Romeo, and Juliet. What light, for John Windlebreak? It is the East. And Juliet is the slot you pray. Jo, and Brent. The blue player, the reason to exist, are Romeo and Juliet. On tonight. Ah, let me see it. 11.356, you're w2 ended by the way after you say, uh, Burn like that answer. You're supposed to say, do it on, do it on, but anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a prestigious AT&T wireless line. Hank Wilberg, sure what's cool is today. Hank's going to be celebrating the fact that he went up, but his bonus went down. I don't understand that. Speck, and you know where the phony, there always are phony numbers. And every rating book stations that somehow, I mean, one rating book like I've told you before, doesn't make a career. Anybody can get a lucky kiss. You know, get a bunch of wire diaries. A bunch of their groupies happen to get the diaries. But it's over a period of time. I don't want to mention any names. Yeah. Yeah. That you develop, uh, you prove something. But why 100? You know what I'm talking about? That. Why? 100. Goes through the roof. Can anybody explain that to us? Why, uh, no. All of a sudden, their cue, almost doubles. Does anybody believe that? No. No. Unless they were buying the audience. Maybe we can get a spy report. Maybe they're giving away like $50,000 to everybody who would listen to that crap. Because they're like the listenership was an embarrassment. Like in the afternoon, she hanked us screwed out by that. Why 100? Number one. Men 25 to 54. The. The. The. That was. What the. That demographic is teens. Maybe 18 to 34. Not 25 to 54. Do we know any men 25 to 54? Who listed a while 100? No. What even admitted? No. You better believe it. Jesus Christ. That athlete's footy. He's enough to drive me into a coma. Three eight to a five point nine in their cue. That's a total number of people listening during the week went from 50,780 to 84,000. And they'd like the listenership went down from two hours and 45 minutes a week, which is all I can take to two and a half hours, which is a really weak. I mean, weak length of listenership. That's over the entire week. W. E. A. K. Does anybody believe that? No. So nice going. You did it once. You pulled it off this one time over there. 40 and all you losers over there with your bubble gum music. Five point nine. You're 25 to 54. And don't you dare say what you're about to say? Because I know what the devious little speaker you are. What am I going to say? About the fact they play the back street boys. They also play the British spirit. Nobody called me at that. They made a good point. They were playing Ricky Martin every five minutes. During this whole big who plough. You mean you mean to say that there are people men 25 to 54? Are listening to Ricky Martin? All I can say is just like when I look at the mayor. The mayor. Muddit chorus. Time for some of the koneys and cheese. Okay. That's what the Pope says. Yeah. That's all you could use to be. That's all you could eat and Friday was muddit. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, of course Ricky Martin he's big on the cheese. You know I'm talking about. That's our pull question by the way. Is Ricky Martin circumcised uncircum size or does he even really have one? No. I doubt it. I think he's got a five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Why 100 my ass. Okay. My ass. Ricky Martin put them over the top. Huh? With men. I now one thing one thing I'll prove to you. I will guarantee there are more head of a sexual men who will admit listening to Backstreet boys than admit listening to Ricky Martin. That's not even a condo. No, no, no. You would agree with that. That's a little. Okay. I'll move on. Thank you. Because at least some of them might be straight. At least they can sing a couple. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. I just picked up a part of what Richard Freemann has talked about. You got your toilet flushy music ready? My toilet flush? Yeah. Do we even have a toilet flush? Well anyway. We'll have a call. There you go. I'm sorry. I would do like. Okay. All right. How was you like to buy gravity turrets? The day county aviation department sitting in our warehouse has 125 toilets. They bought toilet seats. In 1995 at $8,000 a piece. Remember that? Here. Here. Only $6,000. Last night at 949 during the commission meeting. I was watching on TV. Mr. Delapah. The aviation director had the hooks. But he got up to the county commission and when Margot was caught this. To extend the contract for the service contract for the extended contract for the service of these toilet seats. You know how much they have a lot of hooks about. Yeah. You're ready for the price of this? The maintain. What the county's been paying for the past four years. The maintain 500 toilet seats at the airport. $2500 per seat per year. That's how to direct. And Gary Delapah had the nerve to tell her that was a bargain. Yeah. And we're paying. I just figured out here in my office that you could have gone to home depot and every time someone used a toilet seat could have replaced each toilet seat every time. We'll be cheaper. Yeah. So what they're paying 2500 what they're doing. Bringing in a bunch of illegal aliens, Delict and clean or something like what is required to maintain the toilet seat? I don't understand. These are new ones that Chicago suppose is using that when you sit down. That's right. It has the little. That's supposed to move around. You're pushing a button before you sit down. And the little stuff is supposed to move around. But it usually doesn't work. And then they got stuck at this contract. There's only one company that can supply you the extra plastic. That's the company that sold them to $8,000 seats. So they still got $8,000 seats. They're going to have a 25-cyton. They have a used and we're paying $2,500. And they won an extension on the contract. They extended another 90 days and September October. They're going to vote on whether they're going to keep the contract under the three years. And 20. I can't really buy a $2,500 toilet seat. And these are the people that want the extra penny. Give me a break. Okay, Pral. Just keep that one word in mind. It keeps going through my mind. Oh, over and over again. Oh, yeah. I just keep rattling around in my little brain. No, over and over again. Get smart. As Don Adams would say, get smart before it's too late. Don't let them stick it in there again. Okay. And twist it around. And give you bleeding, oozing, hemorrhage. What's his name? Roll. That's right. Don't do that. Start standing up for yourselves. And show it. You're not like Fredo. You're not dumb. You're smart. Okay. Let's take a look at the rest of our brains. And a little bit of intestinal fortitude. And you're not going to get suckered in again. You see, if they really had something legitimate going on here, they wouldn't have to heat you with these hysterical scare tactics. I mean, that editorial today, it's enough to make you, you don't know what it'll offer. Just imagine, if you vote no, the business climate deteriorates. The economy declines, the tax base withers, poverty worsens, and parts of this one's vibrant community. This is even worse than casino. Oh, gala! Sounds like to me! We don't have more metro rail. This time, I'm gonna go to hell on a hand basket. Can anybody answer why? No. No. 100? And by the way, not only just say, no, penny sales tax, just say, no, from while in 100 too, okay, it sucks. Give me a break. No real man, 25 to 54 years of age, whatever admit to listening to that piece of crap, okay? And if you do admit it, one thing we would like to know is, Oh, my! Yeah, please. 22 before noon at 5, 60, WQM, and a great Wednesday. I just out of the blue, a shock, out of nowhere. Comes this miraculous thing. We bailed ourselves out, okay? It's a freaking miracle. Even though the rest of the mix, you see, this is a radio show in a vacuum. The rest of the media doesn't even recognize that I'm here. That's the best part. The best part. I don't exist. Especially when Tom Jick is out of town. I don't even exist. And still got like a 10-year-in-men here about a 10-5, maybe an 11-year- how do you like that? Double digits, double freaking digits. I don't make believe fan to radio station whose idea of promotion is to send Sam and the junior out there in the van, given away crap that nobody will take. Nice going, Sam. Oh, get a life, get a real identity. Stop being an appendage. I know. Once again, it's time for boy. That's got a hurt. I know it's funny videos. This shows a human capacity for pain. If you have a take on a family member, love one or a neighbor who is in punch, kick or hit the nut by a baseball or any other hard object, send it to boy. That's got a hurt. When's the night for? Boy, that's got a hurt. Boy, that's got a hurt. Sixth, it's time for 50 WC. I've got to ankle over a show from Shula State. Two kind of head to a clock. Six o'clock, what have we got? We got to talk in baseball again. Another hour with Donnie Beacon, the analyst. No. And then we got the a pregame at seven and Marlins in the Phillies. Don't forget tomorrow. We got a short show on election day because we're getting screwed. Because somebody probably is getting paid off. Marlins, that's a little off you tomorrow. And one, which means the pregame show at 1230. So we have only a two and a half hour show tomorrow. Sounds like a communist to conspiracy to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18 T. Wireless line. Here's the the Grove. Hello. Hello, that's that. Yes. How are you doing? Great. It takes a fat Jewish fact to do this great cubic service for this community. Absolutely correct. Let me tell you, it's kind of scary. I'm completely against the meal. It's scary when it comes down. You know, the big voters on here are the Julio Domingo, the Domingo party, all people. Yeah. And you know, they're bringing watch with the wall. You're going to get a free bus and this and that. And while we don't spend a much money anyway. So, you know, those are the people who scare me. Yeah. Those are the ones that go out there massively and they freaking vote. I would say probably a good idea would be like to keep an occupied down again. Give him a way like a free, I don't know, free something free or glock him over here. Exactly. And like you said, this city is just not a regular city. This city is not meant for no freaking metro. I mean, anybody who's lived here more than five minutes and those the topography, the geography, the lay of the land knows that there is just no way to create. I mean, if we had all the money in the world, we still couldn't create a mass trend. This isn't that would work for anybody because it is just not practical. It's not that kind of an area. Exactly. We'll use our car. Hey, if I go to the bathroom, I use my car. Right. OK. And if I don't do it at the airport, they're going to cost this another $2,000. Exactly. You know, how have a question for your services? Why? What, what is it that the FCC has against the word shot? I don't want to add all the money. I don't want to add all the money. There are a bunch of anal retandable parts. That's what it is because they've worked with these because it's America, man. It's such a common word. I mean, it's one of the first words you learned when you read the guy yesterday called like the third word out of his mouth was bull shot. And I had a dump in that had no conversation with the guy because that's the way people speak. You know, maybe the big huncher from the FCC want to have a bad experience with the daughter. Maybe it's a real problem. I want to give a little message to my first mayor from the county from our penis. Yes. I got a lot of boxes for you. OK. Ha ha ha ha. OK. That's the K. You're made is whatever you said. George is chuckling. So it must have been something disgusting in the humorous. 5. 6705's and very dirty. 5. 5. 6705. 60. On the 18. 2 wireless line. Here's my any. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Great. I got something wonderful for you. OK. Enjoy. I work out here at FIU. And we got a memorandum today from the president, the desk doma dk. Uh huh. You might have read a quick passage. Go ahead, please. OK. It's been open for the first paragraph. On July 29, Miami Dave voters will be given the opportunity to vastly improve our county's congested transportation system. Uh huh. BOTORAL PROBLE will also bring $90 million in scholarship funding to FIU over the next 20 years, providing opportunities for thousands without scanning Miami dates. Can't you get to the point of view at FIU in 20 years by the way? Here's your chance to really save on your tuition. It continues on later on. The transportation benefits to Miami Dave County will be unparalleled. Funding will support a dramatic expansion to the metro rail system, including a much-nated length between University Park Campus and North Campus. Uh huh. There will also be a vastly improved and expanded bus system. 86 new lanes, miles of expressways and widening, widening a length to 353 lanes. We haven't taken three lane miles of expressways. And it's that the urge or consideration on this important issue. Yeah. That's a singular option. I urge you to consider voting. No. That's what I urge. That's it. This is a singular opportunity to develop a comprehensive transportation system in our county and establish an FIU community fund to provide scholarships to match your day residents. Yes, so when your grandchildren are going to school there and you're saying, oh my god, I can only afford to send my grandkids to FIU in 20 years from now. Maybe this thing will be here, but probably now. Right. We know what we're about to talk about an empty promise man. Talk about if come. They only think they don't realize that I know a lot of debt people, so I'm going to get them all out there tomorrow. Excellent vote. We're waiting to cemetery tonight. No. Can we get it? We're voting. Okay. Give it to him. Okay, pal. Thanks, pal. I'm looking on this phone thing here and I see early so-ch and misspelled by the way, George Batsbelly. I see early so-ch and mobile one year. This famous use of hope to spell this name right. I would hope so. It's probably looking for a sock still. How are you, honey? How are you, honey? I'm doing great. How are you doing, honey? Excellent. I was around the years so I could support this thing here. This is absolutely driving me nuts. There's penny sales back. Yeah. Now, you still have a day down. Who are the nature supporters of the fund this morning? The builders. Yeah. The builders. What a shock that is. The people are going to be so-ch and right. The guys who cause all of congestion and traffic to begin whether the one that a fine half thing is whole stupid thing. Right. Things like every, I'm amazed that otherwise intelligent people who are being duped by this thing, people that I used to have respect for, suddenly think that this is going to be a panacea and going to solve all the problems in day-cony. And who might those people be? I don't know. And they do their bring-up on their numbers back. That'll really solve everything. That's the reason he's got his yellow card. Perfect. And I guess what everyone seems to be thinking is that if this thing passes, everybody else would use the metro rail and then leave the highway to them. We have a radio only logic that I can understand. Yeah, just like the first 11 miles. Yeah. Remember how we thought that thing the first time? No. I'm afraid too many people do not remember that. That's one of the problems. And then they bring the election anyway. Just like what it looked like it was going to lose their late-night date. It was miraculously found a bunch of things. Yeah. People in the home state and bring the election anyway. Absolutely incredible. What they're able to do. And they've got to find the people again. That's what I'm afraid of. People really think, I've got to think from the coconut growth playhouse telling the bad about for those things. Or we really lose the coconut growth playhouse. Yeah. How are you going to continue with life then? Of brother. Anyway, keep our picture going. I wish to all like to be on the air and talk to some more people like you on it. That's good. I'm going to hear from you. I'm going to take care of your body. Bye bye. Here's a good guy. Are any so-called? Remember those days when we were in a year with us? No. And then I would eat. No. I don't know what you say. We should do those buyer with them shows. Anybody alive remembers those shows. No. No. Okay. No, you can show me. I'm not going to repeat it on a year. Yeah. Now, what demographic is this? No, no. I'm not giving any. I'm not. You're so nervous. Beautiful. Wow. Look at that. Well, I'm telling you. We're great. You know, I do say so myself. I'm going to start looking myself all over my body. Yeah. That's astonishing. Thanks for all the promotion to Greg. We're going to download you. 560, 0560, 0560. 0560. On the, see the bad part of it is when you get a great book like this. And this keeps happening over and over again. And they don't do any promotion. They say, well, why should we spend any money? Because look how great we're doing anyway. Well, we better start spending money because they're putting some heavy duty competition on that station on 20 and 100 on the dial. It's going on August whatever it is. Which I guarantee you, the heroin. The heroin. If this thing loses tomorrow, I guarantee you the heroin will run a front. One page series, very jackass starting on Friday about that new station on 3600 on the AM dial. They'll be running full page things on a front page with very jackass. It's picture on there with his tongue on somebody's back home. But they're at the 4900 on the AM dial. That's how desperate they are to try to bury us. And guess what? We're bearing them. That's the best part. Everybody hates the heroin. Let's say it. Everybody hates the frickin' arrow, including especially us because they suck. They're a bunch of selfish, self-aggrandizing. They don't give a crap about you or anybody else in the community. All they care about is what's good for them. And just remember the same people that are giving you a lecture about how you want to vote tomorrow. These are the ones that picked up their goodies and ran off to a silicone valley out there in California with the Night Writer Headquarters. Because this time was such a toilet. Didn't want to stay here. The same people that gave you the original metro fail. The same people that, you know, Tony Ritter that put over this Mickey Eris in dealer. The same people that gave you all the old crap right up the old vacuum. And now they're trying to tell you how to vote tomorrow. See, I'm going to tell you right now. When a Harold tried to tell you one thing, I would immediately run in the other direction. If they say at night, I would look up at the sun and close my eyes because I would know the sun is shining brightly. If they say it's Tuesday, then it must be Wednesday. Because they lie a lot. Because they're a bunch of self-serving tricks is what they are at the hero. Here's a mobile in the Grove, hello. Hello, you're Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know what's the latest is? The bus drivers are stopping and giving a five minute sermon on the bus as to why people should vote for this tax. Oh, I see. You know, and somebody bought a beer for it. Forget the toilet seats. We didn't have carts at the airport because they were extorting the cart company for 50% of their business in the state of Florida. Yeah. So I mean, it's John Guine had this crew to work with. It still be up. Right. It's, you know, I don't understand. I don't understand how 10 people that don't work for the government or a construction company are going to vote. Yes, why? Just don't understand this. Well, early enough, and man, get up there early. All right. I have five orders of registration. All right. Okay. Oh, that's right. We got a real surprise for you, Mr. Mayor of Tenga. We got dead people. We got people that don't live here. We got people that haven't been born yet. We got the fetus hugers that are going to bring in 50,000 fetuses that are going to vote tomorrow. That's right. We got a real shock for you, sweetheart. Because you think they can get up there with all those fakers standing behind you that bunch of losers. It looks like the Bowery boy standing behind him there. And, you know, mumble a few words, oh, no. It's not going to be like before all the broken promises. And everybody in town is bending their double over and laughter. Double over and laughter because you got no credibility you jackass. You're all fooled. You're a clown. And just keep in mind, one of the most important things is this guy won't have to be around here to answer for this because he's got much higher aspirations than this. That's with two essence. He wants to be like we said yesterday, governor Corlione, senator Corlione, vice president Corlione. He can't be president Corlione. In fact, he couldn't be right. How could he be vice president? Was he born here? I think he was. Oh. Well, I say let's run a provides president. Okay. Let's put him up there. Get him a hell out of here. Yeah, just give him a little orifice there. The oral office junior and getting a hell out of here before you destroyed it. And then, of course, the best deal is now in the city of Miami. Now we're going to have the election in November. And Joe Carolroyo is real upset because nothing can cut short his turn because now they want to have a strong mayor in Miami. I say, let's have mayor Suarez. Bav. Kekit much stronger than that. We want a dictator form of mayor ship in Miami. Let's bring Xavier back. Okay. He'll be running around up and down the street and his underwear going. Little little little limber like that. Not going on your door three in the morning. At least we'll get a little humor back in his town. Five, five, six, seven. Yeah, he'll be caught up the Harold Wood Deathswitz too. Like he was the last time. Remember that? Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Lady mobile. Twenty four minutes and twenty five seconds and probably your phone crapped up. Lots of good thing anyway. We didn't have time to talk to her. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. It's a four minutes before noon here at five, sixty, WQAM. The station that stands way above the Russian and drop seared load on their heads. Well they're not looking. Do you see those numbers by the law? I'm sorry. Oh. How would you do to me? I have a good battery today. Yeah. Yes, I'm a now-hit-can-roole, who closed it in two towns. And when I've read the Harold, I just can't go the town. Since all the touring goes out the way, they have to try to get you. You tell me how to change the payment that you can't stand the run. And the hand the run. This next one comes for the world. It's perfect for a town. Well there's no light to do this town. Outside of what leads to the death. Like for uping ATMs and shooting stories to the hand. And until Harold Kater do the arrow against the obstacle to the open. It's calm moody. That is the saddest that's all you do to all. I read the website and I get the case of Black Bean Square. And then I wipe my ass. I'm not wipe out the arrow. What don't you have, you have a rat. And the hand. And the hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. The hand. How they're doing? They're doing good. What do you want from them? Why would you want them? they're stuck with what the you know they inherited that crap they got to talk about and by the way I don't want to mention that somebody said I don't want to say it was our program director who said like a few weeks ago well you know uh... back in January we had a big month because of the super bowl and is the super bowl have anything to do with listening on his own no anybody with a brain believe that now let's see this spring rating book that just came in that we kick some just major as uh... apel man june do they play any football games except the cfl they play any uh... games in those months no they play the super bowl in apel man june and we still kick that as we continue like heavy heavy cream rising to the top y'all talking about squirt square each or hard out era cletting and how's that kid doing by the way we still out the window five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty see i hate to break the news to you this show is for people with a sense of humor people who want to want to have enough brains that maybe they want to go out and vote tomorrow because they're pissed off and fired up but now they're hand-to-take life quite so seriously and have a sense of humor and are not tied about somebody saying crap or even taken one unless it's on a twenty five hundred dollars for the two to be a port here's a bokeh hello yeah yes sir hey listen i just got a sub that here first for i wish i could vote in the election tomorrow not come on down anyway just pulling up a registration probably need your vote yeah really but there's something i want to pass on to you uh... my work is a bet at the government at a ratison hotel that's near the ocean of bokeh uh... it about two years ago mikirus and was standing at hotel hall and he wants never tip that when we pulled his car never said thank you and when we checked them out he didn't give us anything he totally stiffed us a whole time how do you like that yet so when i'm here as they've been in there that's with a b his daddy's got the nine billion dollars he ran off the israel ten years no taxes tax free and uh... and it's got to be subsidized the uh... the local government so the federal government because all his cruise ships are you know a foreign registry to whatever the hell of registered to some foreign country and this guy is so cheapies not even tipping you guys all and in the thing is never said thank you and he just seemed like such an arrogant praster i mean i i absolutely horrible death absolutely horrible thanks to the one i hear everything that you're saying about him and these other guys and the uh... cook reader trying to pull and that he's already pulled with the arena just doesn't surprise me at all excellent thanks with a good news thank you no see a there you go not only is he got more money than god not only is he got the politicians in his pockets pulling all these little magical last minute turn around deals for them but he's also a cheap prick how do you like that five six seven oh five see i i i don't know about you but it seems to me that they has come when a lot of people in the town ought to be tired of subsidizing very wealthy spoiled people like Mickey or a sense like way in high pingo like john Henry and don't forget i get my hockey tickets free and all the other sports too john Henry here's a man they they're writing about he just went off to a last go week ago on his hundred and sixty five foot yacht he's gonna go up there in the middle around on and he's all year well he's exploring various sites where he would like us to build him a stadium so they can put that minor league ball club in there that you're expected to go and subsidize and supper with and every time you get a pair that looks promising that you start a like a little bit oh guess what will try to move anyway because it's gonna be a hundred years before they start making any money back even a new dome stadium that you're supposed to build for i don't know about you because i make a few bucks but i'm sick i don't think i'm that crazy about subsidizing millionaires on stuff that i don't really need to run anyway five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on our mobile one line and the calls are free and so is the show how do you like that the price is right here's a mobile in Miramar hello in your hawa yeah pretty good sir uh the guy called uh maybe a half hour ago about uh memo they passed out of a file you uh uh medestum a deep he's on the border of the archers of carnival yeah did you know that medestum a dick is on their border direct this way is there a test of its relationship with the just aforementioned mister arson absolutely correct yeah uh medestum a dick who's the new one president over there that file you thank you thank you for the good news how do you like that you see this little web of interwoven and such to wish the relationships here you see how it all uh comes down uh just like Tony ridder and just like the harrel and Mickey arson all all in there that little small area downtown the so-called downtown power structure and the non-group sitting around having their non-movings pulling all the strings and mister penis by the way he's just a little puppet that's all he is just a little puppet i'm sure they're making all kinds of promises to him all the other support he's gonna run for congress and government for senate and he's gonna be the vice president he's gonna be the president of the uh the shwiner's club something someday just all a bunch of little puppets with their own aspirations who couldn't give a crap less about the little people out there they're not concerned about the little people other than that when they need they want your money they want you to turn your money over to but other than that they couldn't give a crap less five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's my amy hello yes sir counting employees who oppose the penny failed fact and i got trouble for throw away all the pamphlets really yes sir how do they find out about somebody song you throw off the over all fifty of them in a garbage oh you got to do a little more tax leave and that just do a one of the time that's how many gave me the past month uh i just thought i'm not supposed this i do it all away good for you that's the way to happen every day excellent it's terrible and there's a lot of other kind of a little supported okay well you make and there are new Rogers make sure that each and every one of them votes no three or four times tomorrow at the very minimum we're going to dig up some corpses and take them to the polls all right thanks pal all right deal there you go so you can you can tell people okay whatever you say you know what we want to keep our job and then of course when you go in there they can't they're not looking over your shoulder they don't know whether it's a yes or no tell me you're going to vote yes and then vote that's the way to do it say don't blame me i did my part five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line case you missed the ratings came out this nation is oh picking serious big major ask don't ask us how we did it because we haven't got the foggy his idea other than this show but we got a real good idea what that's all about because we know that airy buddy in his town is listening right now even the ones who don't admit it the ones who claim they hated like poison that's why airy time again did it detractor who calls because obviously they serious mental health i say thank you so much for listening to five sixty wqm and if they get there is a labor put it down they be honest no they admit they're listening how do you like that i think we got a hundred thirty percent of the honest listening between ten and two if you ask me look at jokah still he's walking around having a silver tour with it he's walking around his alliance sure with his big cat today saying yeah that's a car racing show at Saturday morning that's what put us over the top god damn it you believe that yeah about time we had some real sports on the station said that stupid as golf as for pennies golf just my sorry lady oh once again it's time for boys that's got a hurt I know it's funny videos that shows a human capacity for pain you have a take of a family member loved one or a neighbor who has been punched kicked or hit the nutpad baseball or any other hard object send it to boys that's got a hurt 294 boy that's got a hurt I don't know if I'm going to carry away with all the stuff going on today if I plan to before it was worth here in a second time wasn't it oh it was okay 12 15 at five sixty wqm here's the facts from pennie and four lotterdale who says just wanted to say my husband told me to listen to you weeks ago and although I do not listen to much of my husband's advice I did listen to you must say for once he was right I feel like that nice gone pennie that's for you sweetheart secondly I want to say that Ron and Ron were on before I started listening to rock but I do listen to Paul and Ron in the morning they're not as humorous as you but I find them funny especially look at so i was just wondering how zated in the spring book thanks to pennie in four lotterdale well I'll tell you what pennie here's the morning's 2554 which of course on zated is their target demographic person's a man persons meaning what is pennie and then I saw it I mean I'll get to the men in a second Mr. Gunstack in so pushy and by the way for all those jersey tractors in George Bass shoes out there all you programming mavens and experts that said oh yeah are you crazy what are you thinking about bring those tapes back well guess what George was on for a week out of this 13 week rating period am I right the end of may right and we still didn't say she's just milking what ever the hell it was end of the day what no now you're getting a way the in the very end of June and you know the end of may like I said George was on 10 of the 13 weeks and that's why we did so great April when I was on a whole month we did crappy trying to give them a compliment right I was on I was on all 13 weeks you were out of here which are fats out old man so anyway persons 2554 how are you at an 8.6 in the morning number one radio on low or 7.2 is number two hot 105 taking a pretty good drop over there by the way over the talks people they can't afford to drop too much because Cox is by up all those cable companies everything out of the in sight then while 100 that inflated the story that thing they had but anyway Zeta had a 4.3 down from a 5.3 in a fall book Zeta took her hit in the morning it took a pretty good dump in there so they were number 7 in the morning in the person now men 2554 I'm so glad you asked and I have no idea where that is because the junior was just in here and he's a real gentleman up now and I thank him for that because they've killed some more good time while I'm funding around and looking for the demo look at that that looks so great that looks so sensation look at here and see this to see big Howard's number one in the morning men 2554 with the 12.1 share down slightly from the fall but only slightly and there's QAM 5.9 where number two in the morning and men 3 damn proud of it but anyway men 2554 how did Zeta do now the image that mentioned Howard's got a 12.1 Zeta's number three even we beat them out how do you like that huh dropping from a 7.1 to a 5.8 so there you go boys and girls there's the Zeta report and you're entitled I mean Penny I mean not everybody's perfect and if you missed Paul's material the first time when some of the rest of us gave it it can be pretty amusing second time around 5.6705 60 we've got 400 open lines you're on a great Wednesday who are the great days of our lives I'll tell you that even grapes walking around when it picks my line is pushed like like something gonna happen I don't know what it was but something pretty good happened 5.6705 60 pound 5 60 on our mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami after waiting that we got some people today talk about patience they wait a long time then they vanish okay sorry not here's Miami hello hello new I'm a bus rider and I think it's a pity for the poor person we got no car vet no I'm excited that's free when all the free room full of crap yeah we need to sell for all of our work and people got to get the bus to get the work all of working people are want to pay another penny sales tax and almost everything they buy that's right the we need to check the things we can afford no car vet you know I know I need a bus I need a metro wheel look at brown can I don't have a phone I'm gonna pick a brown toy and I'm gonna buy a bus I run and I'll talk to brown you can't get a bus on their bow on it so when you talk about that transportation sometimes they can't all it's that yeah okay get a bike would be good get a little bicycle have some a teaching on the right it start out with all those three wheels are good little training bright and training broad would be good too you notice the the nature of the people who have called these last several days who are the yes people have you noticed the 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's Miami hello Miami yeah sir yeah how you doing okay I got something that I don't know if people have been paying attention to when you go through the toll roads you get a piece of paper that's a tax deductible yeah what do you get tax deductible from a penny and a half sales tax where's the advantage there is none exactly that's what I wanted to bring to people's attention you can always use that piece of paper and it's not sure I mean there are a whole much of people like people who work who have to drive the thing every day for work who are commuters who get the receipt of course you say if I'm up and you get it back at the end of the year that's right all right sir have a good day thanks for a good point thank you 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's Miami lake silo hello Neil yes sir first of all for the penny sales tax I'm going to vote hell no and second of all why is it that in the daytime I can never find any prostitutes but you're hanging out in the okay call in the afternoon and Hank will give you some pointers I'll tell you where to go 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line here's Hialia hello hello Neil yes sir all right well you know where you heard that rollmarkiness mayor hialia is against that is absolutely correct sir mayor Martinez sir like no that's a applaud mayor Martinez is on his decision and so to why because we don't he'll be the crap out of us right one thing I was going to mention though they're saying that the airport is a heavily congested area and that is correct it is a heavily heavily congested area something that I've been trying to get the somebody's listened to from from the county is that there is an avenue north west 3770 which is the hub of all the rental vehicles that are that are that are be rented by everybody coming out of the airport right okay those people instead of continuing on 3770 going north there's a dead end on 3770 what it does is it just adds to the congestion over on the June one suggestion it would cost maybe maybe a hundred thousand maybe a hundred fifty thousand dollars at most make one bridge to connect 3770 to Oki Chobi and to the one 12 expressway yeah and that would greatly lessen the over congestion of the June heading north or south right in the airport area I think you're starting to make trouble now man meeting too many bushes right hey be about who you okay bye bye oh by the way speaking of beaten bushes last night for some reason in my channel surfing at 11 o'clock I came on channel seven news which I very rarely do and Rick Sanchez who must have been hyperventilating something more than usual last night talked about some guy that got hit on his bike a hidden run and he got tossed into the bushes V USAGS as in the governor bush he got he got tossed into the bushes I think that's in Rick heard about that guy dying that he hit in the car and front of pv parked at him he's never been the same again he's like crumbling at the scenes because you know that guy he's dead oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here we got the twenty or thirty thousand openings here for you on a great Wednesday we're having a good time whether you want to participate or not that's up to you tomorrow's the big day maybe our day it's day day let's see if we can get some living beat the bushes a little bit here and see if we can find some living and breathing people in so called Miami date county which that was another piece of ingenuity they came up with changing the name of the county so they have to spend all that taxpayer money to change all the stationary all the signs everything out of the sun because just plain old-aid county that wasn't good enough like nobody knew what they counted with all you had to I travel all over the world okay and if you mentioned you were from day county that all go like that they knew what it was they'd start making little sounds like and then it was go boy they knew maybe it's a tent of camouflage here's the North Miami hello North Miami yeah near yes sir that graphite one thing for me uh I miss penny sales tax if you if you purchase a refrigerator what's saying brown county live a date oh well they they don't have registrations for refrigerators so it you're not gonna pay the extra course not you're not gonna pay the extra penny and brown well you only think that you would pay the the extra penny I would be a car because the car is based on where your it's registered to which is your address so if you live in date it won't do you any good to buy the car and brown but but anything sure that major purchases like refrigerators and things a TV sets big screen TVs five six thousand dollar TVs people will go to brown to spend their money yeah deliver to your home and you live in date or they don't it doesn't make it no so they're so cash with it we're not a good to mayor comes up with these delivery police maybe we'll start that now okay okay okay okay okay one call up to the board and then we can place the news again have a little party here to celebrate the great ratings because they are just don't care they can't keep it up every day right about this time you think they're eating lunch or something like that we don't care because we know you're all out there we know you're all out there squeezing yourselves five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line let's take this a last call a mobile in Miami hello I knew yes sir not much for materials coming on the uh... the receipt that you get to be complain at the end of the year uh... being audited unfortunately that's printed on facts paper and the first two years there's nothing on the paper but white and they should you have all these pieces of paper you sure you went through the toll yeah that on the grant me toll up until yesterday you go through and you pay your fifty cents it only gives you twenty five cent receipt uh-huh how do you like that this is a push-to-ice right good movie thanks you'll get one of those uh... so he's gone one of those some past deals because then i think i you then you can automatically be cordied get a receipt for the money that when you send in the money for the sun passing i believe i'm sure five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line what did everybody's eating taco bell which i have to pass on because i'm eating lunched on these today what is it roasted pepper roasted peppers oh my god i got a pass because of the momies today and i have my lunch there but don't worry because i'm gonna rifle to her garbage for a couple of hours i'm gonna rifle to everything every garbage can under the bed i'm gonna be rummaging through that joint after all i own it this is the most disgusting program i urge everyone to complain to this station okay uh white people aren't watching women are i'm beautiful There's a little soul. It's not who did just a little too long. But while they're grown in, I've been long and long and he's got to really be self-attracted. Oh! No problem, Queen, if you let it out. It got a really big trouble to try. A fish in bubble. It got a really big trouble to try. Yeah. If I can make magic with them shall. It got a really big trouble to try. A fish in bubble. A fish in bubble. It got a really big trouble. A fish in bubble. Brother O'Coo. Yeah. It got a really big trouble. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. But I don't know if I'm going to do it. I lost my biggest clients. I misecrified everything for poly. He says, I gave up my office. I gave up my dining and dancing. I went downhill all the way. And now I'm only appearing in one commercial on whammy. How do you like that? On whammy? Whammy? I don't know if it's that. Yeah. Good old Joey Carr, man. There's a guy. Could he sell something or what? No. No. The corneous commercials in the history. And he still got four or five clients who haven't caught on to him yet. Good luck to you, Joey. You'll need it. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, get this. I'm driving through Miami Lakes, right? Yeah. And then I come across a road called Alex. And then I come across a road called Alex. And then I come across a road called Alex. Good evening. I'm a name after a few minutes. On a townhouse, you got a name after him already. Before he did the Mickey Allison deal, he went ahead and gave himself a road. What he did? I'm a little bit. Why don't we get a Jorge Monz canosa highway. Anyways, that's all I got. And go, no, no, no. No. Thank you, sir. God bless you early enough in the yard. Tomorrow today, baby. I hope that by the time I come on here, I take a clock tomorrow, each and every one of you who is a registered just to go to a date county as voted at least three times though and then is getting ready to roll up your sleeves and get serious the rest of the day. I'd go around knocking on doors if I were you door to door and say are you registered and if they say I'm just drag them don't even wait for them to get dressed. Drag them out of their polling place and to make sure they're polling it. Okay. Five six 705 60 here is the one Akak and smell it. We're so close to a major victory for the real people in date county. Not the morons, not the naive idiots, not the people in IQ and a minus column really believe the bullcraft that's been puttled them now. Twenty years ago they sold you a bill of goods, a billion dollar boom dollar and like Richard Friedman pointed out when he calls it really is a two billion dollar boom dollar. With all the the minus the revenue that's had to be paid all the money that's been lost because of the fact that it's a flop, the quota's uncental who are even kind of an wish you watch you say oh yeah yes I'm a good idea but they're still saying it was a flop, SLOP, flop, flop. Remember that commercial flop flop whatever that thing was? That's right and if this thing does pass there won't be enough Alka self to go around in this town. In a years to come on a deficit continue running up and up and the delays and the overrun just like Carl heisen says in his award he should get a god damn fuel at their prize for his column on Sunday morning in the air. I'm surprised they put it in there. Two of them on the front page. Of course we got very jackass right in comms about that sports day's net and leave on leave in town. That's got to be on the front page. Not something important. Yeah, leave on. How are we going to go on without leave on? So we're out in Johnson. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, yes sir. Hey, longtime for some, longtime meal. All right. All right. Just so that you know, the only people that are going to vote for this thing yes tomorrow, the Cuban junkie radio junkie. Yeah. All my mom yesterday and she's going to vote. Yes, she's going to vote. Yes, she's going to vote. Yes, she's going to vote. That's it. Those are the only people because I mean, if you were to spend one dollar and two toes, so two dollars every week, you'd probably spend up to $600 dollars in a year or less. Yeah. You'll top that off within three months with this sale stack. Uh-huh. Three, four months. We did give it a minute. So, oh no. Okay. Thanks, pal. Take away their dominoes. Do you force to lay? By the way, I want to correct that. Said you got Taco Bell today, so I didn't even give these people a nice plug. And it's really the roasted pepper. Is the name of the place? Isn't that what our former senator and congressman was not his name? The roasted pepper. What? roasted quad pepper. Oh, I thought you said something else. But anyway, not the 83 times in 10. 98 93 times in 10. It's called the roasted pepper. And what do they got? They brought the free food for George and joyer today. Gormes stuff like broccoli chicken and penny pasta with stuff and mushrooms, gourmet pizza and sounds like a whole bunch of stuff. I can't eat except for the shrooms. But they said that he'll get great. They got some that can stuff there to great excellent. Had a nice at considered the rumors last night. Thanks a lot, Ferrell, without standing. Great steak and broccoli with that can see sauce. And then she gave these two big pieces of candy to John that she brought back from the west coast. And of course, I had one of my way home. Screwed up my whole atkins day. Thanks, Ferrell. Well, she knew why they won them. Five and hey, listen, the fan. Then, oh, I never even told a story about how my adjusting your post personal friend, Rimmer. If anybody wants the question and his work on a panther game, you know, if he could see that maybe he'd do a little bit better job, you know? He's a blind man. I have a bit in their house in a year or two. And last time I was there, I had to adjust his big satellite dish. He's got the big dish, the small dish. Monkey, see monkey do you know? And I go in there and I'm looking like at a dark screen, the picture is so dark. You can break. And like I'm flipping around on a big satellite dish and Rosie O'Donnell is like red, which is fine with me because I can't stand at this. She's red, put it on red and purple. The colors are all distorted. The pictures real dark. Two thirds of the satellites. He doesn't even have to zoom in right. Two hours I sat there and worked feverishly. See, I know I got to free me. But I had to work for it. It was a good meal, but boy, I had to work my ass off for that meal adjusting and twisting and resetting and installing and getting him on a phone with a satellite people to get the right package on believable. I have great heightened respect for the fact that here's a man who's legally blind doing those hockey games. I was going there remember. I've got two sets of red. Listen to me, it's just stand behind steam for sofaking and it's stand where everything is out that a high sofaking standard. The selection is in just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else and sofaking surprises on this low. They're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I take sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. And I get a staff is helpful. I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get the know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. I stand that sofaking courteous and fry these that are sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else, but don't take it for me. Big difference, satisfied customer, frank and Stein. Sofaking good. You set a franky sofaking good. F1 I hear 1244 at 5.60 WQM happy wins. They two you do like 28. You can just smell it. Can't you? It's in the airman. It's been thunderclad. No, but it's ready for it tomorrow. You can feel it coming. So to speak. Can we say that? No. Okay, like I said, you can't feel it coming. Here's my amy. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Great. You know, listen, I call this about 10 days ago. We talked about sales tax and all the taxes in the state of Florida and if the state would allow the employees to do their job, you could actually lower taxes. Yes. Real quickly, one of the taxes that you would never spoke about, but we pay every day. Every one of the regardless of the county that we live in. Yeah. Fuel tax. What is it? Motor fuel tax. Motor fuel tax. We pump gas in the car. That's a road and state money. So every gallon gas tax. This is layman's terms and goes into the state coffers. You know, it was down in before the key is over the weekend. Mid-key's gasoline is five cents a gallon less, which means that there's less tax in collected. Right. And I've got to tell you something. It is more expensive to live in Monroe County, cost of living. You have to wonder what's going on your in-day county. Everyone needs to vote no tomorrow. Everyone needs to vote now. And this sham of the buses will run 24 hours a day. Who rides them now? Yeah. Who rides them now. Hardly anybody. That's right. We're going to be riding a bus at I didn't bus the 3 a.m. unless we're in full battle gear. Right. Remember the motor fuel tax every time you pump your gas pump gas in your car and remember to vote out of Mar. Okay, God bless you, pal. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Here's a facts from Steven Ford Myers who says, with regard to the election tomorrow, what you have the access, not particularly. The e-vid listeners update send a voting results. No, no, because of course they don't give you that until the polls close tomorrow night. But come Friday morning. We'll be on here. Have an a gigantic party. Radings party a, uh, oh on the election party. And by the way, Steve says he's in four miles the biggest, the second biggest crap whole next to they'd county and there is no interest in the Marlins over there. I knew like that. He says on Friday, I went into a sports bar where they have 4, 2362 TVs in no volume and they were broadcasting CNN and not the Marlins. I asked the bartender why don't they turn the Marlins game on and answer was because people leave when we put them on. We'll go running out when they put the Marlins on. Screaming. I feel like that. Yeah, quits screwing around with any around your show. That's what they say in four miles. We want the whole show. We don't want some stupid ball games with a bunch of minor league kids on there. We don't want no Marlins game tomorrow. But like I said, I'm interesting. I'm leaving it in the hangs hand. So beyond after the, uh, ball game tomorrow, 430 or over there about six or clock and in the mad dog. So I'm leaving in their capable hands of making sure as often as they possibly can interrupt that important sports wrap. There's with the reminders to just get out there. No, and do the job tomorrow. Please. 560 50560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. First thing, a big fat red blood at American. No. All right. And second leave about that guy calling for Miami Lakes. Have you been through that toilet lately? No. I don't put anywhere near Miami Lakes. Well, put it this way. They couldn't, they couldn't put his name in a better place. Well, all the nice little Cuban gang members and yeah, Mafiaul's so kids running around American high. They're beating old people up. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you. It's really great. It's the next best thing in Miami. That's not Peter Leonard in the doorway. There isn't all I'm going to kill myself. Thanks for the good news, pal. Good day. I'm staying away from there. What do you want, Peter? What does Peter's even brought his whole laundry to work today? That's good. Because he doesn't know if it's a radio station or Chinese laundry. Why don't you like clean yourself up? You know, like, like, look like a human being. This one day would be so obvious. Oh, schmutzie looking. So she doesn't even have a complexion like Ryan Diaz that we were talking about yesterday that kind of burnt baseball glove. Look. Please. The shade lighter. Don't let her look. Yeah. Okay. We got sick. I don't know what's going on here. Every last three days in a row. I don't know what to do. Doing fine, considering it's the dog days. But I'll tell you, it gets to be about 12 30. And these people have got better priorities than talking to me, which I find very difficult to believe in this time. I can't imagine what you could do unless you're smoking some good crap or getting laid or both. I can't imagine anything. You could be doing more important than talking to a big shot like me. What is double? Did you ratings we got? What? What do you babbling about? What are you talking about? What is he saying? Ignore him. I do. He's getting into him. How about this signal? You know what this means? Why not in your mental or computer? Ignore them and says all kinds of things. What is he asking me about? What do you what? It's his wife's birthday. That's what she wants to know. What's your wife's name? Nancy. Well, I got two messages for Nancy. Okay. Number one, my condolences. Number two. Happy birthday. And clean your husband up. Okay. People are starting to talk. Just before your kick is asked, I'll clean him up a little bit. Get out of here already. Take your laundry and get out of here. Guys walking right with a bunch of, oh, I'm an enocied two pair of pants on together. That must have been for a fat boy. He must be going on more of those dates this afternoon. 567560. Pound five is number that calls. Pound five 60 on the mobile mobile one line. Yeah, yeah, fat boy comes in here again this morning. Ask me about several accounts. What I do this. What I do that. Get out of here. See again hockey season. Next hockey season. Okay, fat boy. By the way, speaking of that, Rimer gives me the pantest skiddle for next year with Pavelle Burrie there on a front cover. One of the three or four real players we got on a theme. And there are too many. Do you realize that the first exhibition is game is at the against Carolina Wage in Greenville at September 14. September 14, Broly a little over a month away from hockey. So that will bring us back down again once we start talking about that. That's what we need to put us back up on top of hockey show. Not. Here's a mobile in a Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Fantastic. Listen, you know, if these politicians and Miami and and Broward had one tenth of the commissants out here on this show, you wouldn't have to go to Amsterdam. You'd already be there. And as far as this tax is concerned, when you go through the top, you flip your quarter in here, you're done with it. Yeah. Every time they put a tax up there and accomplish as well, let's be honest, one fifth of what it's supposed to do. Right. They never repeal it. Oh, absolutely. This is this is a vote on a tax for life. There's no question about that. It can only get higher. It's never going to get lower. You're damn right. I'm unlike that gas, the local option gas tax, which they did cut back to say once they get the sales tax higher, that never comes back down. It's also it's thing. That's right. They never do what they're supposed to do. And if you live down here, vote, no. No. Thank you so much, bro. Now this can't be the real Gary Nelson from Channel 4, can it? You know, Rogers, how are you? My best post personal friend from Channel 4, where terms still watching because I can't shut it off? Listen, I've always been a tremendous fan of yours as you well know. Yes, I just did. There may have been some confusion this morning. I was relative to just what it does, a penny amounts. Right. But I'm saying, I watched that thing. And I thought you were doing a commendable job because you pointed out that it is 15 point whatever far as the increase over their presence sales tax. And then it appeared to me that you were letting Governor penis there like, you know, well, they're playing with numbers. There's no playing with numbers. You put them on the screen yourself there. The fact that it's the fact that it's only a 0.9% increase in the price. That's what we're talking about. The increase in the prices. I'm like, we're talking about the increase in the sales tax. Gary, I think you're absolutely right. And a lot of folks have looked at this and said, oh, it's only a penny. It's not really a penny. And it's a 15 point something percent. But why did you say that this morning on television with a tremendous cloud, you got, I'm just a radio shmuck. You got a TV thing on there. A channel four or at least 20 or 30 people are watching. You've got to emphasize that. We have reported it in the past. And sometimes that counts it as another penny on the dollar. Right. And sometimes we said a 15 something percent increase in the facts rate. Right. But you're right. There is a difference there. I'm on my way up now. As a matter of fact, to Miami shores, to cover the mayor who's holding up another speech of election eve, as you might need to have more knowledge. Well, he's really pretty much Neil Stake is his political status. His political cloud all the way around on this issue. Yeah. And it could conceivably be a make or break kind of moment for Alex Penelas and his aspirations could be an act of self-ladulation on his part. It'll be interesting to see how it comes out. What do you think? No, I don't know. I mean, it's based on that. I reported in the past night though. I took an unscientific poll. Yeah. I had an absentee ballot placed yesterday. I six people would tell me how they voted three said they voted four of the tax three said they voted against the tax. If my unscientific poll was in the indication. It's a real horse rate. Yeah. But that's bad news because then the late votes will come in from a sweet water in homestead at two in the morning and they'll put it over the top like the next one years ago. Well, that might be another story Neil will see. That's what it touched base with. You got a hop out of the car and I go to work there are facts to be gathered and troops to be reported and I appreciate you as always watching our product. And no votes to be voted. Thanks a lot, Gary. Thank you, Neil. Okay. So at least not our show, he gave it the way was he gave it the straight facts. It's a 15.6% increase in a sales tax. There's nothing complicated about that. Mr. Little Torpe Mayor, there's nothing complex about it. It's a 15.6% increase. How is anybody playing with numbers? And you don't have to be a mathematician. A rocket scientist to figure that out. If it was still six, six percent or whatever like every wealth, it would be one six. It would be 16 and a half percent. But it's an out of six and a half cents. It's a little less than that. It's a 15.6% increase in what we're paying for a sales tax now or your paying or anybody that's buying stuff in Dave County. And a sit there and you know this guy talk about Hutspa to Sam Mayor Pena. Pena's with Tom making comments about Norman Braeman. He's got a lot of money. And he's got a lot of money. Does that make him a bad guy? How about Nick Eerson? Like I said, yesterday, he could buy himself Norman Braeman with his Zad 9 billion over there at tax free in Israel and all his tax free money with those cruise ships for that carnival he's running. See, I hate to break the news to you. We don't have to worry about a strong mayor in Miami. You've already got a dictator in Miami. He wasn't even elected by anybody's name as Vicki Eerson. He's called all the shots. He's called all the shots. Get the extra slipping there for him and afford to Miami. You know, right down there with by that new arena, which the hero loves. There's a man for billions of dollars and he's running the den County. Nobody ever voted for him for anything much less dog catcher. And as Hank pointed out, very astutely and accurately. Yes today, not only is he not contributing anything to the county's economy. He's siphoning money out. The hotels aren't getting the money from those people. The local restaurants and businesses aren't getting the money from those people. They're all whisked right from the airport. Zoom right over to the port of Miami. It put on his stinky crappy cruise ships. Which I hope they don't sync like that one was doing. I saw up there in the North West. You see that one? Yesterday, a lot of problems on these cruise ships lately. People get in the rate on cruise ships. Little 15 year old boy getting right right. You see that story? All kinds of bad things can happen out there on a cruise ship. Nothing good is going to happen for you. But all kinds of bad things can happen. Not too easy to breathe underwater. That's what we're hearing the last few days anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. God, what a first. We got Wayne, high finger. We're settled with up there in Broward. Although at least. Well, of course, he's going to put that thing in and sunrise with the people wandering. You see, that's the way it is when you got the big bucks. That's the way it is. He just run everybody else on the little people around because they need a lot more money. The billionaire. They need more of our cash. The Wayne high pingers in the bill gates and the John Henry and Mickey Dam Harrison, who makes me want a barf. And even Pat Riley knows that for a fact because Pat Riley listened to the show and he isn't in a position to admit it. But a guy sharp as Pat Riley, if he could be honest with it, he'd tell Mickey Harrison to stick it. He knows he's been around a block a few times. He knows the kind of crap that goes on in his town for fun in somebody else's profit and not ours. There's an accurate one. When I'm so called major newspaper in our community and the mayor of the entire county, consort with a guy who is hurting business in a county, who's siphoning money and taking people whisking them out of her as fast as he possibly can. I hope those boats don't sink. 10.50. What is it? Somewhere like out in the Midwest I guess. It's four minutes before one. We get emotional. The 560 WQM. You're highly rated station. Oh, the 90s. The one is the killer. Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future. If I have an extra inch, and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable to my own me and the inexperience. Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in a large ball of rice criss-deez and sing feelings by the Colonel's close-knif crackle and pump. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much. Click the stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnia in your country to sign a respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally as the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play a go-fetch with a CNI dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling. Killer bees, killer bees. Say the word tittie without smiley. Try to figure out who said polysures at star and movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your home. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Keratop's success. Understand your conception was an accident. That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a pop-cost system toss them on a lawn next door. Go on a car group with pop-cost system force of the stainless car seat. Try to dribble about costs. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimating. Wish no real will to anyone. But she don't like them. Then screw them on their own. Realize anyone who says that completely has a completely full of crap. Ask a hell of angel with these a woman or has you always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Sniff and old lady. Imagine go repiled and the gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it. Inbreds it. Protect it. And it is so often take it out for a nice notch. Keratop is not to care. Home while you eat. That strange. And people will leave you alone. Okay, here's a great thanks by the way. Thank you so much. Old Mark Fisher who wrote that horrible article about me in the Trump magazine several years ago. The one with the tears running down my cheeks. They put a lot of crap in my eyes. At any rate Mark Fisher who's a terrorizing people in Washington now. He's the special reports editor. Any assigned somebody to write this story that's got everybody up in arms up there. The headline is parents are alarmed by an unsettling new fad in middle schools. Orals sex. Oh. How do you like that? A front page story about middle school students having oral sex was meant by the Washington Post to be a wake up call for parents about the kind of sexual activities kids are getting involved in these days. But the article did more than simply set off alarm bells among parents about younger teens engaging in sexual experimentation. It also led to the paper receiving a number of email messages and telephone calls. Both criticizing and praising the story and saying where do we get some? How do you like that? Orals sex in middle school? Yeah, you're an A. What do you say? Then we got a thing here about what is this? Oh my god. The county man. This is from the postmaster of date county. The county managers informers that the shortness is useful for poll workers, July 29 special elections in the areas of the geobals in candle. If you're interested in working at the polls on election day, our job basis employees and our date Miami v. Senator, you must attend more of the two hour training classes scheduled as follows because all of us will be counted as, yeah, how do you like that? And this here's a thing from a lot of our listeners out there's put a thing out. It says, depending more for taxes is a penny more for corruption. Send a strong message to our mayor by voting against the tax increase. This message is endorsed and brought to you by the Miami-Dade County employee committee against corruption in this management. You like that? A penny more for taxes is a penny more for corruption in this corruption late in town. And that's not just my statement about the corruption. All the politicians are telling you that's our biggest problem here in die. They county in the city of Miami is corruption. I'll bet your crooks. So you want to give many more of your money? No, just say no. Excellent. Here's Miami. Hello. Yellow. Yes, sir. How are you, Neil? Great. Great. Show. I love you. And I got to explain something to me when they took the polls off going westbound. Right. E36. You mean Eastbound? I Westbound. Right. I don't know Westbound. Right. Westbound. Did that leave you traffic? No. No. When they added the extension from the Palmezzo to the Pernpike, did that leave you traffic? No. Okay. It's not this, this time anything is not going to work. Okay. It's not. It's ridiculous. And let me tell you one of the easiest roads to drive in this town and that's the turnpike. I mean there are times when you have a wreck and it gets backed up. But I would say rubber neckers. Yeah. But at 95% of the time, what it isn't the wreck. And of course, there's a much bigger. There's a 75% told most of places all right over here on the county library of the 50 cents. But minimum is 50 cents you've got to pay on the turnpike. I don't see any problem people get in backed up. When you get used to paying a toll, even though you may not be too happy about it, it has nothing to do with a flow of traffic. Exactly. Exactly. Now, explain something something something to me. You know the extensions and the stations they're making. The Corona extensions. Yeah. Okay. There's going to be one off of the Palmezzo East off of the Palmezzo north west 7th. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. On there doing all that work there and taking people out of their businesses and homes to build this beautiful, horrible, uh, floor here. Yeah. I mean, I mean, people are going to be driving by their looking at this backing up traffic. Right. Okay. Uh-huh. And where do they get off? You know, spending money going to take 20 years? Yeah. Well, exactly. It's going to, it's going to roll in my any. It's going to, it's going to roll in the whole city. No, no, no, no. Yeah. We're just keeps rocketing through my little brain. No. Have a great day, pal. Like do it. No. Yeah. We'll see just how much impact we can have on this God forsaken place. If there's any hope left at all. And when Gary Nelson said that the mayor is hinging his political career on this thing tomorrow, there's a great way to say, oh, to him and to kind of crap that he showed you what he's all about. Hopping in bed with us with his selfish billionaire who thinks that this whole county exists just for his fun and profit. And it crappy a cruise line of his that's siphons the money. It's like a gigantic sum pump attached to the county. Just sucking the money at the port right out of this town, sucking it into his pocket. No tax revenue, no benefits, no nothing for anybody, including no sales tax because the people who go on a cruise ships don't pay the sales tax. People in the hotels. Yeah. They pay the sales tax. People on the cruise ships, did they pay it? No. Boy, talk about a slick, slick piece of craft man, there he is right there. He's slipping you the Mickey. All right. This is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. No. Are you sure? Hey down in Jamaica in the town of Maine. Oh, they got the best of earth that you have ever seen. Oh, right. As candy body in that table, what a detail you did. They can't swim with a gun. Oh, rustle down as some he wants to sell. And from my along way, you can detect the smell of smoke. Smoke, can't a smoke, smoke. He light up his blip and talk. Smoke, can't a smoke, smoke. Smoke, can't a smoke, smoke. The gun's a big good. You'll be carry a lot of earth in the gun, and that smoke get everything until you're long so like with all the fun they've had to be helped. Jamaica doesn't eat any foreign. They're American tourists from here and say, got nothing like this in the US and they smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They light up his blip and talk. Okay. They begin to pop and choke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. The gun's a big good. I'm not ever saw you are at our stop man. You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can. And if you get from the in here from miles around, the biting from you by the outside of the town. Ask the man, he's a hot man, are you right? They can't be good tonight and then they smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They light up his blip and talk. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They're gun, they're good. A ride on. 116 at 560 WQA, you're ratings killer baby. Oh, 90's on a mediocre AM station way down here on the bottom of the dial. And we're still kicking some very serious ass. Just like we're going to tomorrow at the polls and date County, even though the vessel lit a grower to go to over least two or three times. 560, 0560, pound five 60. I'll tell you one thing right now. You want to raise the revenue. Don't go raising the sales tax. Just legalize weed and date County and tax it. You know how the federal government makes all that money from tax and cigarettes? That's right. Even though they keep telling you, oh, it's so evil and we're soon in the debacle companies, but guess what? They're not going to make it illegal because number one, they couldn't do it at number two. They didn't want to lose all that tax revenue. Same with booze. That's why prohibitions that we're going to come back. But if they would just legalize the wicked weed and go out there and sell it and put nice to happy sales tax, just like do, I'm cigarette. We could make millions of dollars on that. Just from the amount that smoked in this building every day. Like they're doing right now, by the way, I want the mayor to know everybody is building sitting around with a big one in their hand right now and a joint to a big joint. Anybody in here got a big joint? No. 567.0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile informyer, is hellow? And Neil? Yes sir. Yeah, your show is so fucking great. Good luck with that vote tomorrow, man. I hope you guys put it down a big time. Okay. Thank you. I guess he shops at the sofa king. 567.0560, pound one. Everybody does the one I'm hearing and pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How come I can't find but I'm looking here. Oh, here it is. Look at that. Now the first book we had on here after the $80 billion worth of pre-publicity we had from all the TV stations, 10 to 3 we had 11.2 share and then 2554. It'll be a cold day and trying to be before we had it. Well, we might do it. But then a 4 9.0.10 to 3 both times. So that we're doing 9.7. 10 to 3, which means we're doing about maybe an 11 share. 11 share and then 2554. between 10 and 2. Great close to what we did at first time. At least at 10 to 5 anyway. If we could just get just a little bit more of that great promotion from Sam and then FU, I said that puts us into a triple digits. I'm your team to that. There's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. And you're always going great. I actually went in the right mind with vote for this tax. It's their living and date. First of all, I think it's kind of a, it's going to decrease their revenue. Well, not only are people not going to come up with keys to buy stuff. Right. People that live in date are going to be driving up the ground. The buy absolutely correct. That's right. They're going to sit in both directions. They're going to send everybody away. So I mean, the whole thing is I lose money anyway. I mean, I do. The people who are going to live there and actually pay it, they're just going to pay more for nothing. And like I said yesterday, I'm wondering, how come the Chamber of Commerce types and the business organizations? How come they're not screaming bloody, more to about this because it's going to hurt them. Yeah. It's going to hit a lot of people. And I don't think the people that are voting for it really realize that. And it's just not thinking I guess. Okay, pal, let's pray for the best. You have a good day, Neil. And you too. 567. 0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lab. We're going to be making it around. We've got Tom Green coming in with some bus loads tonight. Bringing all those Canadian kids that were going to rate all the cemeteries. Get all the dead people ready for that big vote tomorrow. One Tom Green tomorrow night by the way, 10 30 on MTV. 560, 0560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hi Neil. What the hell was that? Oh, that's the beach boys, remember them? Yeah. It sounded like the beach boys were strainer. What it sounded like to me. Some old radio jingles I have of the beach boys. Hey, take my breast in, Neil. Yeah. After that, after playing that crap you want to hear. Thank you. Congratulations on your big numbers. Thank you so much. I'm all the zero by the way, too. How's our friend Rick and our friend Substone? They did good. They went from like a 0.7 or something in the morning with 3.5 in his subbook. All right, look yeah. All right, and remember to let out, just say no. Okay, bring in the beach boys. Get Brian out of bed. Let him vote to even the dead ones. Bring them in. Bring in Dennis in the Carl. Poor Carl. That Carl Wilson, huh? Did. Fat. 560, 0560, Pound 560. We got about 800 open lines here. We got 40 minutes to kill. 40 minutes until a big moment. I'm going to go out and vote myself absentee. I just moved to the ad county. Nobody knows that I didn't just tell him that. Here's a call from Orlando. The condescending callers. But I'm I if I live in dates to light, but yes, and just because if you were, I know you tell Amsterdam and Europe and what a wonderful metro system. Any European city has over anything we have here. Yeah. So well, let me ask you something. An Amsterdam, for example, you take all the the the the tram where you take a bus and you go like the the heart of the city. There's a place things going on. In fact, I don't take any of that transportation because Amsterdam is a kind of city. You can walk around and go wherever you want to go. You saw Florida that kind of an area? No, I agree. Where do you walk to? Where do you get off and where do you walk to? I agree. I agree. Yeah. What's the comparison? What do you mean you would vote? Yes. Well, because maybe with a train service, there might develop some kind of walking. It would be self-college. So in other words, you build a train's first and then you're going to rebuild a little county so that people start going, sir, you're you're living in law law land. Well, they build trains, you know, from the east coach to the west coast back when the ferry was empty and then there's a whole thing. Thank you. Okay. There's Mr. Pioneer up in Orlando. Last thing we needed is some jackass in Orlando. He was just about to launch into his gym full of star right soon. Next up at somebody up in Orlando telling us what we need here in South Florida. That's just what we need. That's what we get in that jackass from St. Louis. Of course, he's probably squeezing himself. Oh, yeah. He's probably squeezing himself since he heard about that FCC deal. He's probably got a bloody stump as all he's got left. Two bad pal, we're doing bigger and stronger than ever. I just ran and right ahead in spite of re-tards, and we'll return to retard like you. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, while I knew something. Thank God you're up in Orlando, which means you won't be voting here tomorrow. I have a party about that. Oh, yeah. The trains were built from the east coast to the west coast. I mean, take a look at what we got here now. Luckily we have a lot of wide open spaces. We're going to be having a lot of new erections in Dave County. I hate to break the news to you, pal, but to the west coast to the west coast is this thing called the Everdlaid, just as some of those three hunters, okay, they'll tell you the manatees and the crocodiles and the rest of that crock, which is what this is all about. Yeah. We're going to start rebuilding now. Let's get all the pioneers in here. Here's homestead, hello. Homestead. Oh, yes. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got come. I leave Dave, he comes to an area of the exception of the redlands, south of the south of the color ridge. Yeah. I can't see anybody in the right mind down here, voting for that thing, especially with all the HUD, all the low income housing we have down here. Right. This is going to be a total, it's going to be a killer towards an economy. And with tomorrow, I hope people really get out of this. Really go out there and vote no one this thing. Please. Another comment is on that other earlier caller on the Mayor Ponella's that road he's got name that was named way before he would even mayor of this county and enclosing. Oh, but who is it named? I don't understand who's it named for. It's named after him and it was named after him before he was elected mayor. Absolutely. Based on what being a one or one commissioner? I guess that's what that was that all about. That's it's true. You can check that out. Oh, my god. And in closing, here's my closing commenters say no one, who the old bank you might be? Okay, thank you. God bless you, sir. Now where the hell is Johnny Jones jetway? Yeah, we have Johnny Jones highway with the golden and the playing pictures. That was before your time. But remember Johnny Jones former superintendent of big county schools had the golden plumbing pictures in his joint in his vacation joint paid for by taxpayer money by the way. He went to the who's gone. How he did. Oh, yeah, we've got a long history of corruption here that would make even Huey long and Huey Lewis in the news cry. I'll turn to that right now. All those that dick daily and all those other dicks up there in Chicago with all the corruption there famous for the mob. They're like piker's compared to what goes on here. We got the big time corpse here. Make no mistake about that. And most of them hold public office. Oh, that was bird her name that's doing by the way. We're letting him out tomorrow. Yeah, we're going to use him. He's going to bring in 23,000 no votes tomorrow before noon. First, making a deal with him. And Joe Gerson's going back to town to vote no two. Here's Kendall. Hello. And you stole my thunder out. Oh, you're not going to notice for where the no votes are. Yes, sir. Oh, just about that. You wish ways of burping a vote on this one. Oh, yeah, absolutely. Oh, we're making a deal with him. We're going to let him out early. We're going to face after his wife and that attorney. Right. What about one thing? The Miami-Herald water rag that is. Yeah. No, no back bone to sell serving piece of crap. All the stuff they put in there is for their own interest in the they pretend that they're a bunch of the two shoes looking out for the rest of us. You're right. That example you give about the the casinos. You know, we don't want to hear, but then they do that exposating. Let me ask you something. If we had all that millions and billions of dollars tax revenue from casinos here, would we have to tax the public anymore to build highway and to build metro. I don't know. And this could be paradise here. We'd have all these other people coming in. Leave it there money for us. But all we don't want to do that. Yeah. And I think you favor clarify one thing. I don't remember not too much on the information. But you said the penellus was against something before he got elected and then yeah, that was the arena. The uh, the American Airlines arena and he was vehemently opposed to it. He promised that he was going to oppose that. It was on a ballot. He said he was going to vote. No, and he urged the people to vote. No. And then all of a sudden that day after he gets elected. Oh, he just made this great deal with Mickey Harrison and uh, I didn't think he was going to vote on that. He, he, what do you mean? Who holds in a counter but you have to explain nothing. And then they put on a ballot if you're for it, you vote no. And if you're against it, you vote yes to confuse the voters. And they rig that thing too. And shove that through. Well, I'm voting. No. God bless you. I'm so happy. God. All right. Here's the guy who said no. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, yeah. That's right. He, he wouldn't do it. Mickey Harrison gets elected. I'm a lie. And then he stands there in front of a circle. This is going to be another one of those deals. Jesus Christ. That was only like a couple of years ago. Like we're supposed to forget even the Ron Reagan remembers that senior. Number him. No. 1, 26 at 5, 60, W, K, K, K over. Up the lawn. In faders now. It's the totally new style wars. Yoda loses his virginity. Oh, are you, G, too? You are one hot mama. Oh, what's happening to me? Oh, my. Oh, what's this? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, yes, yes. Yes. Yoda gets jiggy with R2, D2. Oh, are you, G, too? Give it to me, baby. Oh, no. In a favor, you. Oh, my God. This bill's recklessly. I haven't shown this away yet. And the sun's almost morning. These two pages on generation, yo. A generation, yo. With the little, uh, true on it. Let me just care that up right now. K, before I make a mistake. We do that again because whammy. Give me that. That's what bill direction. Oh, he's on there doing live commercial cut in every nine of the week. That's what it says. Isn't that great? What do you do for loading? Oh, I have this rag silly magazine I put on. Nobody with a brain read. There's said to a bunch of people are living in some kind of a cultural warp. And I do live cutting commercials on it. He's almost the same as his Joey car. Anyway, let's get about 200 calls in between now and two because now you can steal the tension mounting. You can feel the excitement. You cut it with a toe. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Daniel. Yes, sir. I'm going to explain something to you, which I know you know, but something to some of the people that listen that probably don't know. Luckily enough, I, you know, I might suffer travel a lot to come to countries and cities and you also have really good rail systems. Right. Like New York. That is New York is the rail system is great. Right. She's a man. And Paris also Paris sucks, but the rail system is also the metro. Right. New on it. Yeah. Now, what I try and explain to people is that not that we don't have enough people. But our population density is too spread out. Right. In New York and one city block, you have a building that's 40 stories and then in Europe also and the first floor is a commercial but from floor two to 40, it's all residential. Uh-huh. They can support. There's enough money. You're people living in that one building to the point. Not only the businesses that live that that house, the first and second floor. Right. But a rail stop near that area. I'll give you that. I don't ever happen here. I give you a real American area. I see that that's got a great subway system. It's Toronto. They have fantastic transportation. The difference being that they have real commercial areas like the downtown area and like a blower street and a young and like all different parts of town where there's commercial activity ground where you can walk and do business and do your thing. That doesn't exist here. There's no sets thing here. It just, it's here. It just won't work. And including on Friday just they know. How about tomorrow? Okay. Thank you. Friday say no and tomorrow. No. It would be a good idea too. In fact tomorrow first. I mean, this guy from Orlando that wants us to rebuild a whole area so that's, you know, let's build a thing first. Ben, billions in dollars to build a thing and then we'll make a city around it and we'll change everybody's way of life here. Of all turn in our cars. How's that sound? Is that going to happen? No. Silly person. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Medical. Yes sir. How are you today? Fantastic. You know, I know the theme is kind of crazy with the issue with the trains but if they were to dump it on the beginning and the trail and made it like, you know, because you got to try out it goes up by 95. They've been Metro railing up in a university drive. Yeah. With that. If my, I'm going to go through the world. You know, you're a university driver in Broward County. There's not going to be any of this in Broward County. Not why I know that. I know that but you got to remember how many people transit from Broward to date. Yeah. And well, but let me ask you this. Okay. You take the metro rail. Let's say you live in a candle and you take them this train from candle to up university drive to let's say Broward Boulevard. Then what? Then what do you do? Sir. What is this? It's quiet. I mean, it's not a big problem. It's a truck. Okay. Your phone's crap. And I don't care. I thought maybe we just speechless but it's phone's crap. And there's, there's nowhere to go. There's nowhere to run. No, we're to hide. You run into Martha in the Van Delos. They're going to be sitting there or running the train. No, where to go? That guy before talking about Amsterdam. The classic example. A place you can walk. You can walk and walk. You don't ever even have to hop on your little bicycle like somebody had there. And he in the glass to mention that, too, by the way, that it's such a compact city that he thousands and thousands of people. They're, in fact, they're more bicycles in that city than the other city in the world. They ride their bicycles and they also have the tram and the trolley and the buses, etc. And so on. But it's not a city where you need it because there are areas where you go to and you spend your whole life there basically or most of the day every day. If you live outside, you know, away from the city, then you hop on the train at the end of the day or the tram or whatever and you go there. There's no such thing here. Take a look at it. Get with it. Stop bringing in these ridiculous comparisons with places that aren't like this. In fact, thank goodness. There is no place that's quite like this. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, honey. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I do a man. I was just thinking I'm going to get all my dead answers just to vote no one. Pingo's penny tax. All right. And you know, you can sell that penny? Yeah, deep inside is. Right, though. Not good to me. That's what penny from four water bills said. 567. 0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So Mayor Pingo's putting his whole political reputation on the line tomorrow. So think of that too when you go out there to vote no two or three times to reject and repute a man who would lie to you and hop into bed with a multi-billionaire who's just fleeting this cut-time for everything you can squeeze out of it. And I do mean out of it. Not into it out of it, out of it, out of it. You are out of it if you vote. Yes, I'll tell you that. You're way out of it. You're in La La Land if you get sucked into this. You have nobody to blame, but let me see it again. I can be a hell of a lot more objective because an ain't going to cost me a dime. I live in Grower County, okay? I don't live in the county. Maybe it'll cost me a few more cents on that poll, but you know something on a one 12 if I go to the airport, big stick and deal. I can handle the 50 cents a week. In fact, let's see, I don't go to the airport every week. I can handle the 50 cents two or three times a month. And you know something even the most desperate and a published people in this town can afford it too because of the can't afford the extra quarter a few times a month. The nation be driving in the first place. They can afford an other meal. They can't afford the gas if that's going to make that much of a difference in their lives. But the sales tax that's going to make a big difference in their lives. How do they afford that? I can't keep it's pecker in his hands. I'm here on the bed. Mommy, you start bobe. I'm the fellow board daddy 10. Mommy 10 was sovereign. Geo, they've got whipwashed. I don't know what's she doing. Drink it, but you got a note mustache. They think through the heel. Thank you. What a see. What are our shortes? I've been more in three days on TV. Mommy and Dad were full together. Why did my LinkedIn want? Last time I bought something like that. Mommy and the electric doors. Dad was breathing heavy. Mommy was on her knees. He was a padd-up, and full-close. She's just in where he peed. He's been full to keep all watching mom and dad. They changed her heel. The most fun ever had. Mommy watched a little longer. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why's mom asked for ditch? Daddy, granted his eye for fact. Mommy, want to think more? She's going back on top of him, but oh, he did much worse. He's been doing the K-hol. I've got many pads. I can't wait to try to stop on the door in my cloud. I can't wait to try to stop on the door in my cloud. Okay, 16.02.05.62.72. I'm one of the most fun. My great days. Can't see my new mental. In the history of our lives, baby, the ratings were... Pad news is, of course, because ball little time, jika, because our little ball headed friend over there at the Sun Sentinel's out in the Pasadena. Do an at the TV new season fall season thing every day. So there's nobody here that owns the radio at either newspaper. So the fact that we got these great ratings here on QM, they'll have another excuse not to write anything about that. Just like that FCC story. That's what makes it even more amazing that we do as well as we do. No promotion. We live in a vacuum. The only time we ever get mentioned is when Barry Jack asked in the hero to take in Trotsett. And other than that, we're invisible. And we're still kicking in. Oh, we like that. Inspite of it as far as, but all these O-Jahn provocative to a guy in this town. And let me say it again, if you have any doubts about it, if you're like, wavering about this thing tomorrow, you were registered voter in date County. Just read again that one short paragraph in the hero in that hearts and flowers, the tears are coming to my eyes, either from laughing or crying this morning. The lead editorial of tale of two futures, talk about scare tactics, talk about, but this is even worse than their history about casino gambling. And the sky's going to fall if it should pass. Oh, yeah, if voters say no, meanwhile, the business climate deteriorates. Is there any logic to that that if the voters don't increase the sales tax, the business climate will deteriorate? No. I don't, I don't get it. The economy declines. The tax base withers, poverty worsens and the parts of this once vibrant community take on the look and feel of a third world backwater. You guys, found feeler, you need to get that trench coat off and go around town a little more and take a look at lemon city and overtime and lots of other parts of the day County that for years have already looked like a third world backwater, which by the way, that's why they county is a third world country because of the politicians that you're supporting a banana boat republic running down there to welcome our people. It was our people always at a scratch running foreign policy out of the county running the Coast Guard out of the state county. And again, it's not to make you laugh because they continue pandering to people who are not interested who hate them. You can keep pandering at the near your back brace and they still hate you like poison all those damn hysterical. Domino players. So they are, so they are wanting at least their consistent. They don't serve anybody. They don't really really have a constituency except themselves. They are their own constituency. At least they live up to that. Whatever is good for the Harold, that's what's good for us is what they would like us to believe. Do we believe it? No. No. Here's a mobile in Miami, sure. It's hello. Yes, sir. Okay, I just finished watching Mayer half a Spanish penis. Give a little speech over at the Miami Shore's country club. I was having lunch there. I'm the notes to me. He's speaking to the North Miami Chamber of Commerce. And little midget Mark Lutner was interviewing him. Right as I was walking out. Yeah. That's about 4-4-8 with curly curly hair. He's even shorter than Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Yeah. And he's there. And he's saying when he's perfectly polished face why this tax has to go through because they can't get any more congested on a roadways. And I'm thinking of myself my guide. It sucks now. It's going to suck after. And then I'm going to have to pay an extra percent. Not a penny, but a percent. So as I try to work my way around the side, I put my thumb down next to Canelas this year before they ask you me out. What is up? Good. You put your thumb down next to was here? Like in a no vote. Oh, I thought maybe you put your thumb like right by is here because I'm just standing like that. I would like to suck it up that and send it like a top. But that, I don't know if I would have been arrested for that. Uh-huh. Okay, but okay. What do you say? You would like to a stuck his thumb in his back. Do you pull out a plum? Is that what he said? I'm going to be a political plum. Is that what he was talking about? Uh-huh. Okay. No, I hear you likes to the thing on a year low. Is what I hear in the thumb too. Five, six, seven, five, six, three. Like I said, I look at him and I just keep thinking, it's my account. Every time I see him. Five, I think that guy who called Hank was on a something. Or maybe was on something. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes, man. Um, very good job today. Yes, I did. I really enjoyed Mr. Friedman this morning. Right. Thank God he called him. I hope that knows what he's talking about. Absolutely true. We have been out passing out searchers. We had copies made and I had only one person. Say they were going to vote. Yes. Oh, everybody that we talked to. I hope you'd like them up somewhere to laugh at tomorrow. What? Only one person said yet. Everyone else said absolutely not. Out of how many? Out of hundreds. Really? Hundreds. And this was it two different locations. We went to yesterday. Right. And everybody is really upset about this tax. And as far as this metro rail going up the 27th Avenue. That's the Hershey Highway. Right. Why are we going just in the train to the mafia man's stadium? Yeah. And number two. In addition to which nobody's going to be playing or except the dolphins anyway. What's the pointer? John Henry is bailing out. He, you know, he did there going to be out of business or they're going to play someplace else. There's no reason for anybody to want to go there. Listen, I work. I work just three or four miles from the stadium. Okay, two, three miles whatever it is. If the train went right from my house, which I never looked as I live in Washington, Brown, but even if it did, what would I do then? Right. What would I do then? Am I going to take a bus from the stadium to come to the corner of four for our own course not? Well, maybe you could apply for one of the Cadillacs, Reagan said. Right. I'll take it. Maybe they just could pick me up in a limo. Right. Which after these ratings came up, they should. Also, you know, there is transportation up 95 or ready. You take metro rail to 79 street and get on trial rail. It takes all the way to West Palm Beach. Absolutely correct. And another thing I would like to know how much Mickey Errant's and paid Mayor Pinga for his little, uh, switching vote when we were collecting signatures against that new arena and mayor and his wife both signed. And three days later, he slipped off. Right. And he got elected on the campaign promise that was his major thing, was that he wasn't going to let some billionaire run the county and build another's on, on Needless Arena for blocks away from the outdated moment that we already wasted all that money on. Right. But it's ridiculous. And people are finally waking up to what's going on in this place. I don't know how much worth it can get. Okay. Well, do the job tomorrow. I am. Thanks. Bye. Nine minutes before two at five 60 WCM. Everywhere she goes, they're saying, oh, that's what I'm hearing in my brain. It's rattling around right next to my earlobe where the guy had his thumb. No, no, no. Right. Hey, there's a new show in town. It opened last weekend at the drama center called Nicked Boy singing. That is a must see. That's what George says. He has out of this world.