Soblet, stop, let's get into the number one. 560. How do I do? Do you like it? Yeah, by Amy Ford Liderdale, present the... We're not on high yield. Roger show. To talk to Neal, call 567-0560, call free for dated rower, or pound 560 on your cell call, the opinions of Neal is guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily read acquisition, or the be easily broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers, on sports radio, 560, QA, and... It's a lost-in-garm on it at a quarter. 560, WQAM presents as the pussy. Roger, chance to speak directly to the program director of WQAM. Hello, prime the pussy. Let's go right to the phones. Oh, just here on the air. Oh yeah, I have a WQAM dream up those phenomenal bumper stickers. Well, it's funny you should ask, because I just so happened to have a take of that promotion's meeting right here. So you can hear for yourself. Any ideas for that new bumper sticker? Yeah, how about 560 WQAM with yellow letters and blue background? An idea. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Oh, right with the front-speed. Yeah, right here. Spread your legs. Yeah, that's it. No, don't put your legs there. Watch out for the legs. Yeah, watch out for the legs. Yeah, watch out for the legs. Whoa. And that's how it happened. See, I have another question, caller. Yeah, do you think the marlin's are? They're going to win this, they'll probably. Yeah, I'm afraid that's something you'll have to ask our sports experts in the morning, but thanks so much for calling WQAM since you're the only caller we got. Please, please call again. We'll be back in a moment with more. Add little pussy. Oh, by the way, you know that Mark Lippoff from that advertising agency is an asshole. Oh, but we'll spend much more time on that later. Two minutes after 10 at 560 WQAM, happy Thursday, two. I tell you one thing, the people who didn't like you, they're already gone. You know that? They're out of town? For the big memorial day holiday weekend. I didn't realize, but I see I want to thought Joe Cash Delo would have been pumping this up big time. This is in the 500 week, right? We should better play some of that. It's not? Yeah. This Sunday, it's the Indie F. and 500, man. Oh, so I would imagine Joe's going to be real intensive about that Saturday morning and at big racing show we got 6 to 7 AM here, Joe Cash Delo. We'll be shaved nuts. So anyway, I guess the morning, the worst thing is all I'd by the way before I get into the thing about the employee of the month. The room where this morning has it, because I asked our program director speaking in. So what's one of the morning crew is OJ going to be replacing it? He said, which one do you think's got the biggest head? Huh? So I guess the big head is going to be out. OJ replaces the big head. And OJ doesn't have a big, very big head. I would say just like that one over there, George. But at any rate, so here's the big man. All in, of course, asking each of you see, I asked a couple of days ago when how come we didn't have an employee of the month for last month and come to find out I was on vacation when the memo came out. Who was it? I forgot already who was Brian. Oh, that's right. Brian Lipschitz. Our sales are whole. Good guy who made the dastardly mistake of asking for the $200 instead of the pin and they said, no, not a good idea, Brian. You see how that revolving door in our sales department downstairs. They want to keep spinning around like a dredal and heat. Well, if you don't want to get caught in that, probably taking the pin would be a real good idea, even though you've done a tremendous job. And Brian said, OK. Yeah. OK. So here's the staggering news. In case you missed the worst team this morning. I know they're tremendously impressed with that. In fact, people have been like swimming in the hallway. They're so, they don't know whether the laugh cry reticut is banana. From Gregory to all WQAM staff, 52699 MVP for the month of April. No, wait a minute. Hit the wrong button. Ha, ha, try it again. Oh, I'm very pleased to announce the WQAM MVP for April. Are you ready for this? Are you sitting down? Are you squeezing it very tightly? Duffling Z. All right. That ain't no bluffing either, all right? Duff our esteemed program director, just led. I mean, this whole thing you could take word by word. I could go from here to a clock easily. And it's not a very long memo. But you could dissect each and every word in here. And you can see exactly what's behind it. You can see it's behind. Duff our esteemed program director, just led WQAM to its best rating book ever, including a solid number one ranking men 25 to 54, 6th and the 6th PM. There were many other rating success stories in this book. But what really won the award for Duff was his persistence. His day to day, I can't even say this. I can't read it. You can't. And I can't. I mean, it's like when I was trying to play the Ricky Martin CD together in the machine refused to reject it, I'm rejecting my brain is rejecting verbalizing what's on this page. His day to day getting the job done again, sometimes insurmountable odds. Oh. Oh. Against insurmountable odds. Are you ready for that? That must mean all that stiff competition we got on the AMBAN. You don't talk it about. Yeah. Yes. That's the opposite of words. Yes. But here comes the best part is we look forward to tales of exactly what it was that Bluff did to earn the award as MVP for the month of April. Duff kept coming in and putting out the schedules. And we're going to have to deal with the talent meeting with producers and boards ops. That's what it says. Bords ops. We'll have a lot of boards. They'd love that interns. He doesn't meet with them. You sure? And behold, WQAM comes in with a great wedding book. Oh, yeah. Let me read that sentence again. Okay. Here's the formula. I hate to give stuff away on the air. They're probably taking notes right now. As long as your program director keeps coming in and putting out the schedules. We'd end the leave me. They'd be these schedules, man. I'm going to tell you. Remember the one day I found him a stick on one that said I was going to be under. Three that there something like that within 45 seconds. He had the nephew racing in here with the revised schedule. And they were running all around a building, replacing the old schedules. Duff kept coming in and putting out the schedules dealing with a talent meeting with producers and boards ops. And behold, WQAM comes in with a great wedding book. And wait for me here the next line. This was a great triumph in the face of severe adversity. Ah! severe adversity. Which is code for. Oh God. Yeah. That must be what he's talking about, Greg Reed. That F&H soul. God. And then of course it goes on to say, Duff will receive a $200 bonus or a WQAM pin for his achievement. Please join me in congratulating Dufflans in the April employee of the month of QA. Oh! And by the way, we can congratulate him for taking the $200. See, I never thought he had even like a tiny BB, but he already has a pin. So he'll take the $200, not you and of course they're saying. No. How a good idea. Because just about anybody could make out those schedules. We can bring in a monkey to make out the schedules. So you did a great job and you were a key. You were the whole deal for our success, but if you decide you want to $200, have a great life. And that's basically what they're saying. A great triumph in the face of severe adversity. Now you would have thought after that the best rating book in the history of WQAM, that just came out to win a book, you would have thought that maybe some of the of us who are responsible. Not that I do I need the $200. No. Although I did lose $20 with a pompadou park last night. But you know why I didn't bother me? Because I got a very big tax refund check from the IRS in the mail yesterday. But at any rate, huh? But it wasn't that much. Oh, a lot of want to say on the air how much it was, but it was sizable. More than the $20 I lost at pompadou park, and more than the $200 that I would have gotten for the, award the MVP of the month. How about Hank? Hank rose from a mediocre book there in the fall, disappointing, you know, to a gigantic book in the afternoon. Yeah, but that was because of broke. Oh, that's right. I forgot about it. If you should have gotten employed. I think looked Daniel Sherwin the QAman player the month. She did more for us. I think Pete Bulger should have got the guy damn award. How do you like that? Yeah, if you're going to pick a program directed, don't pick one that's, you know, sitting in a high chair when they're like an infant. Pick a guy that was really responsible for us going through the roof. Pick Pete Bulger. Hey, Pete, you're the man. You're the man, you're the man, baby. You're the man. You jackass. Pete Bulger. He's an asshole. Backstabbing a session man. Pete been a lot more bolder. So anyway, I mentioned the mark of the office in answer. Oh, boy, we're going to talk about him at great length today and about Todd Drek. Yeah, let's let it all hang out today. Especially after all at OJ crap. 10 minutes after 10, see we're trying to figure out what Roy Foster has in common besides being an ex-joc and ex-football player with OJ. I mean, the white chick thing, you know, the blinds we know about that. Hey, you want to work? You can shift my rear end. Pete, you turn on the keyhole. Oh, watching mom and dad. They're making some keyhole. I'm not going to ever have mom and dad. We're playing pegs. Right there on the bed. Mommy, who's terrible, be as a fellow for daddy 10. Mommy 10 was popping. She almost fell in love with daddy. I'm not going to be a little bit too much. I'm going to be a little bit too much. I'm going to be a little bit too much. I'm going to be a little bit too much. I'm going to be a little bit too much. I'm going to be a little bit too much. And when popping, she almost got whipped lash. I don't know what she was drinking, but you got a milk mustache. They've been through the keyhole. And she all got a C. But I'm sure she was like you, mom. It's been a C.B. Mom and dad were up all together. Black night, Lincoln, why? Why does that night float something like that? Mom was yelling at the door. Dad was breathing, honey. Mom was on her knees. You have to pat a blue pool because she's just a wealthy piece. She's been told the keyhole. Watching mom and dad, getting turned to the hole. The moth on the other hand. Only watch those little longer. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why's mom asked for dick? Daddy grew in his five-foldsack. Mommy wanted more. She's going back on something, but all he did was snore. He's been through the keyhole. Has her many hats. I can't wait to drive this guy off. I'm drooling my car. I can't wait to drive this guy off. I'm drooling my car. Okay, 10, 6, 8, and 5, 50, W, 2, and I'm feeling better already. You know what? So when we're getting back to this memo, you know, a Greg Reed had been a mince. If he were like a guy that had any understanding of this business. So he just won those people. It's like Nick DeVarrow going to Vegas and winning a million dollars in the slots tournament. You know? It's like if you walked out into backyard and like a million dollars in 20 dollar bills, just fell out out of a off a plane out of cargo, like a big container. And there was a million dollars in cash and small bills just spilled all over your long, you know? It's called just dropping into a bucket of crap is what they say. And that's a Gregory. He always seems to step into a bucket of crap. But if he had any understanding, if he were a classy guy, a real mench, what he would have done on the heels of the greatest rating book industry of QAM, he would have made the memo out. And he would have said to the entire air and production and promotions, and I forget about promote the entire staff of QAM. Our all employees of the month, which would have saved the money because then he wouldn't have had to give anybody the $200, which believe me, he would say, to that. Wouldn't that have been the classy thing to do? On the heels of the greatest rating book in history of this radio station. As opposed to giving it to the person who really responsible for the big numbers in the afternoon. Or the program director of another radio station. Yeah, that would have been a classy thing to do. That would have been the professional thing to do. That would have been the real radio-like thing to do. That would have taken a little bit of creativity on his part. Does he have any? No. No. I mean, and that would have made a lot of people feel good, like somebody appreciated what we do. But this, on the other hand, is kind of like a slap in the face. Even though we'd like to, if I mean, he never stole a free train. He's a good guy. He means, well, he's a lightweight, but nevertheless, you know, he said in there that high chair, he's a pussy. In fact, every time you see stuff, you say, oh, nice guy. I pussy, but nice guy. Pussy. Isn't that a medial that comes to mind when you were coming to morning, you see stuff? He's saying, oh, pay pussy. No, I said, what comes to our mind, not his. See, George is pointing at props. Now, this is a radio show. It's not a TV show. Although that would be interesting if we had though. I guarantee we'd get some numbers that they put that on whammy. Talk about getting the big black whammy. So it's like a slap in the face, like saying, oh, yeah, well, because the program directed put the schedules in here with who's going to be out of one time. Let me ask you this, did the program direct your hire any of the people on the morning show? No, did he hire me? No, did he hire Hank? No, did he hire a Kamplin? No, did he hire a manager? No, no. Do I book him or no? No. Do you hire J.P.? Well, like I said, employee of the month in my book. Right? What are you smoking about? He didn't hire him. Who did? Jason. I hate the literature, so he's not an employee. I say, Jason, for employee of the month. That's what I say, okay. I take back everything I just said. I eat my words. So we don't begrudge it, but this is this is Swirl. This is like rubbing our noses in it. This is like saying that we just fell into a bucket of crap based on who knows what. So let's give the credit to him. Meeting with the talent. Do we have any meetings with Duff about this? Oh, see, the one thing I will say is he stays the hell away from this show. He comes in as everything okay. It's stuff working. I mean, he's like right next door. Which is why I was able to see the fact that he was sitting at that baby high chair for months until we finally embarrassed regular buying that used that the damage goods particle board desk that's in there now. Right. It's rented? All the new office furniture is a lease deal. Trade out, no doubt. Yeah. Well, when it's out, trade it out. So there you go. That's the big news if you weigh him. Is that Dufflingz? You've employed the month on the heels of the greatest rating book ever in the history of this radio station. Most of the people here are. That's our pull question today. Which are they most upset about? That Dufflingz is getting employed the month or OJ maybe going to come to work here. Oh, yeah. I'll get you her by the way. I got a great, oh, I've got some good stuff today. Heavy duty. By the way, the last two days we discovered something on his radio station on this show. If you had a doubt in your mind, since we're always having content, you know, like which group has been persecuted the most over the years, comparative misery things like that. We discovered beyond a shadow of it out with some people already knew I guess. And that is the view looking for the most prejudice group of people in America. It's easily our African American brothers with system, whatever they are. Sparksers. I mean, man, you better kind of like look at yourself in the mirror and examine your altitudes, man, because the tremendous hatred and bigotry. I mean, you can't keep hating forever, you know. I'm a r- how did race have anything to do with a murder? We're coming to work at our radio station. I just beat the crap out of me. I sure understood how it had to do with a trial and Johnny cocking all the other stuff to get a murder. We're off. They had to appeal to that jury, you know. He had to appeal to their basis frustrations and hatreds and whatever. But we're just talking about, do you want to have a murder or come to work where you are? It would seem to me that's not a difficult question. Most people would scream like from the rooftops that'd be going, oh no. And all of a sudden, for the last two days, at least this torrent of racial psychosis. Here's Miami. Oh, look at this. Better hold on. Okay, turns to blacks. In other words, we got to reset which means we lose all those calls again. We didn't do that. We're going to have to do that every day. Let me explain this to the audience. Okay. Every single time, like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, oh, here we go. You want to sound one moment. We're recycling the phone list. This relax. And they're going to call us. God, we actually had a whole bunch of people on hold there. Believe it or not. You like to call back. Sorry. But every time my FPNL farts the, uh, full system here gets screwed up. And we have to reset it. So I think we're just automatically do that every moment for the show starts. Because this gets really old and embarrassing and ponderous, especially for station. You know, I don't know how many people are going to do that. So I'm very, very happy to see you running around till everybody. How great we are. See, if Greg was spending much time getting us to kind of equipment that we need in the Zer, see, it's easier to talk about the program directors and he just got his new trade out particle board desk. As far as the rest of us having a highest rating book in history of this station. If he acknowledges the fact that we might have had some little thing to do with it. Then right away, he'd have to probably feel guilty about giving us such a bunch of crap to work with. And the fact that he and a B's lies are a bunch of cheap Bastards. That's one thing to have a particle board desk. It's another thing to have a particle board phone system, which we probably have the only one in the universe. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. So that's a thing about the $5.10 to heaven told you. It's a $10.99 for about $200 at the end of the year for the 10th. Okay thanks. Thanks. Okay. And he actually called back a second time. Can you believe that? Is there anybody in the audience? No. Call back a second time. 560560, Pond 560 on the mobile online for any unfinished business we got today. Then I'll get to my main thrust of the day. Can I say thrust on the year? No. Not anymore. Not that now the JetBoys' Governor we can't, not only can't you say it. You can't even think about what it means. Give my thrust. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I can't find the road for tough. Yeah. Well you, you were, you want to know which one was better. Tough for the OJK. Yeah. Well I can't for tough. No I was talking about the, the staff here, not about the audience. Get back on the road. Go, go, go, go. Take a look at the road. How do you like those two calls so far? You know, you know I was thinking yesterday for about 40 seconds. Because that's about as much as I think of this place once I walk out to door. But I was thinking about this. You know, people, people like him. I don't know how old this guy was, but I would say like in his 30s or 40s, wouldn't you say, you're like an adult. He was want to kid. He was want to teenage. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm going with this? Like somebody is old for a C's, C's, trusting New Yorkers. I call it every day, whatever, you know, with their big mouth and, you know, trying to be as abusive thinking that they're being provocative or amusing or whatever. And you think of yourself, what kind of people were these people when they were young? Huh, geeks, is that it? Is that what geeks turn into as people like those colors? That must be it. Geeks. Like that 13 year old kid they had on TV this morning that was educated at the home of one of the National Geography, be or whatever the hell I call that thing. And we're supposed to be excited because he was educated at home. He's still a geek, you know. So he knows a lot of stuff. It's like George George knows a lot of stuff too. He knows his mind is like a virtual and cyclopide of useless information. But when it comes out, things like in the real world and real life, he's cool as I mean, I've discovered that a long time ago. Cool as this is a man who never even saw glory hole in his life in his life that ever had. And he expects me to believe that he knows something about life. If you haven't seen a glory hole, Mr. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Let's stop picking on George. But no, I'm just kidding. George does like Star Wars. I do hold that against him. But he's not that much. He didn't like Star Wars. He hated it. Oh, well, he believes the Star Wars kind of fanatic is an aim for all the old ones and stuff. But anyway, let me talk about us. Let's stop looking to use George as your whipping boy here today. He's not that much of a geek. But listen, Neil. I never said he was a geek. I just said that he's isolated from the real world in many ways, but nevertheless. Right. So we're most of you. But anyway. Yeah, no. I just want to bring some to your attention. Please go ahead ahead. This Chinese nuclear thing. Yeah. You've seen the congressmen that are in charge of the report. Yeah. Did anybody bring us your attention to names? No. And I read it to you real quick. My wife. No. Now, the important year represented is Christopher Cox. Right. And Washington represented Norman Dix. Uh-huh. I was just going to want to ask you to. If if the Cox Dix report, would that be considered redundant? It would be considered obscene. I think it's what it would be considered. All right. Now have a good one. And don't forget. Okay. He's probably involved in the two Brian Cox. You know, it's funny you should mention that because if you drive around a state of Florida, there's a billboard. They must be all over the state. This furniture chain. And I always wondered, what kind of a name that's going to be the worst name for a business. Bad cock. You know? I mean, what's their advertising slogan? Bad cock is the best. 1026 at 560 WQA. You. Yeah. Yo. I'm an engineer in the entertainment industry. The number we are all making are both. I'm an engineer in the entertainment industry. The number we are all making are both. That's a word. Our greeting friends like all black people do. But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool? I'm an engineer in the entertainment industry. The number we are all making are both. Now, if they can tackle fine none of their word to you, if you do we real bad. But now it seems okay when African Americans address themselves that way. I'm an engineer in the entertainment industry. The number we are all making are both. No longer the vernacular, but racial abuse. If you do we have to. I'm not anything to say. But now it's been neat all about my black folks every day. Yo. I'm an engineer in the entertainment industry. We're all making for both. On an hour, don't think you can use an airway or all make for both. I'm saying that watching things can kind of go out and prove it to. It really does a better job. I'm saying every one is now. I'm a fool. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. I'm a fool. I've been pushing my face. Playing with my reaction. I've been pushing. I've been pushing. I got a rhythm. I got a rhythm. I got a rhythm. I got a rhythm. I got a rhythm. TL2с6 남beteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyte huh. This is true now to be a shocking morning for me already. I wasn't so many things in last primera. I've been a better than a year yet. We probably aren't pretty much. My tale about the story and answers is. Hammabeteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteyteydeyteyteyteyteyteeyteyteyte猪2 honored Redow coat Late Aprilteyteyteyteyteyteannuelte. How manykomotic Dollars Thoseγondemetsllm. So we're going to do the challenge in the next few or 20 minutes of this time. So long. and now they both changed the print style and both they held in the Sun Sentinel and now I don't know what what's what but it's a Sun Sentinel and this is just you know one of those deals where you don't know whether the laugh or cry will Ricky's real girl please stand up it says and when I read this to you like I said you may have your head in your hands by the time you're done it says it really is a Vidaloka for pretty boy Ricky Martin the music industry is a wash and rumors he's gay but when he appears in public as he didn't saw first let's go back to that again the music industry is a wash and rumors that Ricky Martin is gay? no no where do you ever hear a thing like that except maybe on his show? is there anybody out there believes that Ricky Martin is gay? but anyways says when he appears in public as he didn't stop Miami today thousands of young girls are sent into a tizzy by his boy or smile and now insider is told the former minuto it spends quality time with a female Miami model whenever his official gall pal spanish tv talk show host Rebecca de Alba is not around Martin 20 it is never looked happier than when he squares around lege Adriana biaca in his black Mercedes and wait wait till you're this part this is the best the lege died blonde biaca also has been busy as of late sharing time between her native Brazil and her brickled day apartment because you know those Brazilian women, Brazil or men are men and so are most of the women it says apparently that's not all she shares she's also been hanging with Martin arch rival heart's rob and rique a glaciers oh yeah they're two words that come to mind when are we just article the first one is bag in a second one rhymes with bag I'm sorry and it goes on about Martin's vision but of each part of what put about his attitude about women and women are hormonal and once a month they uh and all this other crap okay that somebody told him would be a good idea to say I mean this to me it just it makes my blood curdle when I see all the lengths I understand that most of Ricky Martin's fan are desperate women who couldn't get laid in a pickle patch I understand that desperate was very bad taste wouldn't know good music if if they stuck at a narrow back door what I'm saying so that's fine you know but why why not be in a nigma okay why go to great lengths to create all these fantastic all these ridiculous stories which are patently and the idea that Jose Lambe to Jose do you think that we really believe that you believe this crap you're writing that egg of course not all of these big performers they have these PR agencies that that plant all of these ridiculous stories and the tabloids do tofully unless they don't have it elected performer which is very rare they do tofully plant all of this stuff you know Michael Jackson then is five wives and is 25 children and all this other crap is there anybody with a brain larger than their their damn penis who believe this oh course not so I don't really give a crap what he is or who he's doing even though I know very believe me I know but but who cares but why do you have to go to all these great lengths to create this phony facade to make up these stories all of these things like the back street boys who right now in spite of what George says are so hot that you can't even touch them they're smoking this smoldering and they have to ask the obligatory every interview oh you guys have girlfriends you know and of course the AJ's got a girlfriend her real one now yeah that we believe and you know three of the other guys who knows probably answer is yes and Nick Carter is anybody believe that Nick's got a girlfriend but of course now he's got to say yes to even though he's like ducking behind the right to the group and laughing about it because there's anybody believe oh no but of course all those teenage girls out there all of a sudden little girls will stop by the albums if they find out that their dreams are crushed so everybody in America's got to put out a big phony act if they want to suck seed that's what the answer is the bottom line just I mean this Ricky Martin stuff just makes me wild just like Luis Miguel he went along for years okay he was doing just fine and all of a sudden who is the first one what was the from MTV was your name with Luis Miguel the first uh oh come on what the hell was your name let's go George Daisy Flint Daisy Flint days what are your people okay you're one of somebody's people I don't know yeah she's ours and then all of a sudden it was Mariah Carey and next we could be Andy Carey and it'll be Jesse Jackson who knows it'll be the week after that okay because they have to keep making up all these ridiculous stories that convinced the public out there of something whether it's sure or not who to hell knows and who to hell cares if somebody can sing and their music is good I'll buy it a record I don't care who they're sleeping with because they're not gonna be sleeping with me you know I'm saying and we can't that's all right he's got a very tiny penis in fact saying the sham is dinner again this morning reiterating that same story he said he's hung like a butterfly and things like a fruit fly something like that in re-cake although he's hanging with this uh Brazilian thing is what I'm hearing from the rumors in the paper this morning anybody believe that oh he's hanging do you believe it all the Brazilian women have bus dashes so hop yeah I love against all which ones are really uh there were little heri that what you're saying maybe it's a heri relationship he's a little heri not a serious story say but that's beside the point 22 before 11 at 5 60 WQAM the am I my whole life has been crushed this morning other JP comes in first of all tells us that he's Cuban and secondly is not circumcised I don't know what I'm going to make it through the day another of here heard this in forever stop to be for the Cuban part doesn't bother me what the other I love my friends what was stopping me from what from anything yeah how do you know you keep going to Europe that's true I played guilty 21 before 11 at 5 60 WQAM you know do I give you the real thing you're new away we'll back you all okay right you think you're all the benefit you're getting like be sweeter and so you catch your heater to carry your life since you've been deadly come on and don't visit see another do my could be a member and a rat come on and don't you be proud to stay you're a member and all over that 44 at 5 60 WQAM oh by the way I have some good news for the little hot there and you already can breathe a little bit easier we have enough trouble with my Alansky and bugsy seegle and all those horrible people and when the story came out of conures Georgia I don't think they had too many Jews up there where the virgin Mary's always hanging out and this kid that did the shootings up there this 15 year old kid his name was TJ Solomon and I thought to myself Solomon although his name is TJ Solomon Jr are there any Jews out there name Jr oh no why why is that by the way how come Jews don't do junior that's a goi shit thing Jews don't do junior to tell me but anyway so his name is but anyway comes to find out according to newsweek that not only is he not Jewish but he's a church going Boy Scout TJ Solomon or whatever his name was JP Solomon something like that not Jewish and by the way don't rob on so that's that we can breathe a little bit easier on that like I said we have enough dark marks on our history with all these other here's a like Todd Drecker example here's Hailea hello yes sir how you doing great all right I just like a thanks buffer for shedding out Colorado yeah 36 say he played great last night I was at the track but I saw enough of the game he was unbelievable yeah 34 say maybe this is here he's not gonna choke you know hi tell you go maple he said I got one more thing for you which you mind was on the chain on the potato head show yesterday yeah it goes like a lot better than him okay I'll tell you that my listen you I got I was gonna ask him about you he's getting more action yeah probably more than me I'm having I got out the Jamaican so I could have a little do it every time all right I was like I getting some good lead anyway hey listen I got the best thing I tried calling yesterday but I was I was I was I was I was I was I was I working that's the clear up the old Jason I got a better solution yes sir it's got a California get still hands me in high-oam and how to do in personation of okay okay okay okay excellent idea yeah yeah yeah that's a good idea so in line line line line line line that story about Ricky Martin and Ricky and all that other crap that the insider some insider put in the paper this morning I figured in a few minutes we'll do that the you may be gay test by Dr. Dick and cider that came over the fact yesterday it's got some beautiful stuff in here and of course this goes over very big because like I told you many many times in the past everybody shouldn't make any difference who gives a crap but everybody does care they're obsessed with wanting to know who's doing home here's a four-laterdale hello hi hey do a nail great just real quick on why there's no Jewish juniors yes because you name a name the baby it honor someone that's passed away so you can't be a junior that's just customs not rule it's customs in honor of somebody who's passed away absolutely that's that's how you name a child after someone has passed away you honor their name you mean I'm named after somebody else I don't think so well they you don't have to be but that's customary in in our yellow religion but I'd say why I called I called to talk about my experiences to be at the chrome dome center yes yesterday I was ticket holders going in upgrade or change our seats I don't know if you were of that yes I was very happy with my seat so I'm there well I'm just a poor working slip and my seats were in 423 oh god yes well I was able to move into 401 without having to pay a penny more which is absolutely wonderful but what's the different that honor of the number I used to the corner right on a blue line great yeah it's really it was wonderful thing however when I drove up part with a big shot's part they let us do that yesterday they've been charges I saw them replacing palm trees and the first thing I thought it was you why did they replacing palm trees when I put a goal I did oh they're gonna do that they promised me they they were here a couple of weeks ago in the building and they and I browbed me to them all the way down the elevator until they find us at okay whatever you want that's great second thing they had the thermostats that had 85 yeah in the arena yesterday of course I asked them why didn't you put the air conditioning on because we don't want you to hang around take you get your seats and get the hell out exactly thank you very much okay God bless you sir at least they're being honest now that's good good start 560 560 560 560 on the mobile one line let's see if we can't do something about all that hatred and deep-seated prejudice see and there are people who you know will make an excuse and say well we got a right to be well look at all the other groups that have been persecuted over the years and they don't have I mean again we're generalizing but as a group of people they don't have nearly the amount of hatred and blind prejudice and psychosis as some other groups do you be known what I'm obviously saying that we're going to hear the last two days I mean you're going to start you know forgetting about the past a little bit let go and start moving the forward instead of like have a mindset back in the uh in the stone age here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey near how you doing to them okay sir just regarding that that in sister relationship between where fostered OJ Simpson wrong yeah because I think there's something that connects them that's because in the blood of Nicole the Ron put together yeah nobody's got this you realize that they're both Trojans I know that you have received seven California Trojans yeah the rumors but the rumors they don't wear one yeah exactly yeah I thought maybe that's probably why Roy Roy Roy's got his nose on the bottom and they're both in the right chicks too I just mentioned oh most definitely uh huh who's want the balance he maybe he'll be maybe he's going to be on the evening show maybe he'll be in there with the head captain oh feel it Allen the captain okay see if hell yeah that thing with OJ it's just amazing to me that nobody uh seemed to give a crap about that except me maybe I'm you know maybe it's just me maybe I'm the only one in America doesn't want to be working with a murderer hanging around and right away people are attributing to me the oh it's a racist thing I what the hell the why I care I don't care we got some black folks running around here not too many thank god we got a few just enough for the quota 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's my any hello yes sir listen I'm not advertising or anything like that but I think I understand a little bit about you know targeting the right kind of people that listen to certain stations yes sir so if you're even though anything about advertising they know about Mark Lippoff he's an asshole yeah you know about that yeah so I'm in a I'm in a friend of mine's car he's a little bit dark and collected yes I have a dark and reflection he just answered yes yeah he's listening to EDR to the EDR that that I would get most of the listeners are black right yes and uh I don't like you listen that rat garbage I hate to admit that well this commercial comes on for that I use car a lot that's owned by by Wayne yeah and and it's like the guy comes on he says uh I'm with friend who's a contortionist my black friend turns to me and looks I mean with this view older look like what the hell is a contortionist oh yeah I don't think about putting a word like down a black radio station how many black people do you think can I read that EDR shouldn't have words like more than two or three syllables on there I should get it down to the two that monitor that uh what is it again mono one okay look in the mirror pal look in the mirror see that shrinking vanishing IQ my Julio friend 5670560 pound 560 talk about the podcast the kettle pink pound 560 on a mobile one line we got thank old bird show here in studio today to the 6 we got kibbobo camper 6 to 10 we got the head capitol show out of the apprentice uh casino on the uh spaceship about their tonight no marlin game thank god for that you know they want to out of three I realize they blew the game yesterday and Sammy Sosa had another bomb in the night hitting but what do they complain about for quite a lot they're writing in the news papers you're like they expect to actually win every day here's sunrise hello sunrise going once nine minutes and 43 seconds of that meaningless life right down the toilet just like just like just like passing gas and having to be a part of your life evaporate into thinner which by the way thank god again for the great smoke any air today I know that god got a lot to do with those fires out there in the Everglades since he works in mysterious ways thank him for polluting the air so that we can all say oh a clock when we get up in the morning walk outside man heavy duty just one more reason it's great to live in Florida in the sunshine state wait till it gets to be about another month but it gets to be about 99 in the shade and those fires are still burning and you walk out in the morning and everybody is as George would say swooning I don't know what it is about that word but that word just it just sends me swooning here's a mobile in Naples hello hey yes sir are you knit and you're I'm swooning is it burning it's burning I have a burning yes I this is what I called about but you didn't mention the hangster did you stop it yeah after I got the hang of any employee the month he had a seven share and the afternoon he had his biggest book I think maybe Everglades radio station he helped the rest of us make our full bonuses but I've you know he had I mean I'm not looking for even I sure to gotten it obviously but how about at least give him something for crying out better clearly let me say I want to tell me you you was a lip choker what I want the guy the hockey guy he said something that I know and I'm a chup but I want hockey guy what are you talking guy said he said lip lip lip lip what does that that's like a lip off Mark lip off he's an answer you don't mark lip off anyway no sir you don't mark lip off regret or consider yourself very fortunate thank you after the guy went into the ring the other day okay that was unfortunate but you know oh and by the way this guy you're talking about the the rest of the country oh wait a minute wait and glad you reminded me that two things number one he tried to back out of it he didn't want to do it he was he was very good huh he wasn't even a good dog but before before they got to that point he had changed his mind he said I really don't want to do it it's a dangerous thing I'm not why are you laughing and they said no you decided to do it go ahead no problem and by the beat he said number two an hour after the guy got killed because there's such a classy bunch the WWE F they went ahead and they went out with a wrestling anyway they didn't can't and this guy and you think it's funny well kind of like Eric and I couldn't control I don't see I took a lot of crap because I thought Eric and Ethan's kids went out the window was funny and he said these exact wall parapherics and I love Hank and I love you and it's a whole but of course you know we believe you this this is terrible this is such a sham this for this topic but I watch it and I enjoy what an embarrassment yeah that means he's into it I mean like I'm watching nothing they're afraid I grew up like five miles from here in mid-Jursey I'm from I'm the same age yeah I'm at the baseball basketball football hockey neighborhood but I don't get the wrestling deal wrestling is mostly for all ladies and little kids so I mean are you telling me hey so maybe Hank has got the mentality even all the lady or little kid or maybe a little bit of both but he's still a good guy he is a good guy but he's not he watches professional wrestling but Lisa's honest about it I guarantee we got some closet professional wrestling watches on his station he was honest about it but for him to say this was the most disgusting thing and then to to follow it up I say but I watch it you know it's just like I don't know but the guy getting killed wasn't part of the that was not the program okay they didn't write that on the program that was going on but would you spend two minutes of your time watching professional wrestling you know but I would want hey listen he likes golf too I don't like golf I mean did you like golf yeah okay I have a great thing there you go find another guy talking himself into a box they're all boxing with it today they're all back at themselves into a corner see you know what it says they're in a good book judge not at least you be judged the set of and so on everybody's passing judgment like the one guy's talking about EDR and about how they shouldn't have words on their head more than two or three syllables as if to suggest that black people are stupid or something like that now of course you may have a point that there may be some stupid black people isn't that radio station some of the people listening to EDR might be road scholars they might be geniuses maybe Julian Bond kid that was the WDR I have no idea there's white kids listening to EDR who also have an obviously art all that bright if they listen to that crap in fact maybe that's why they have to listen to that kind of music because they can relate to it you know what I'd be saying I think you do everybody wants to generalize everything is quick to judge you know everybody's got a son of it and just be like me okay be open minded and that's it right I can't they all be a lot more like me four minutes before 11 at 5 60 WQAM oh it looked like I'm about to read that I can't do that now well it's exciting it's by Dr. Dick and cider we'll get to that and I think a lot of you'll start getting real nervous when you hear all the eight million things that help you decide that you might be gay like for example if you listen to Ricky Martin record and you're a male we know that now that's a good one you're always given me crap about the back street boys and I already haven't even said there are a few straight guys that like the back street boys but Ricky Martin is there a straight guy in America who listens to Ricky Martin? no no anybody in here listening to Ricky Martin record? no in fact they're shaking right now and fadically and they're heads too speaking of shaking it how about going down to Nick cigars and getting you a great bunch of stories to put on this weekend it's a big holiday weekend try some do you shit work? look at him and I don't know two at five 60 WQAM so if we got a straight guy in the audience well that I don't want to spend a lot of time on this go as well I don't have to waste too much time because obviously there would be nobody will call him at there's a straight male in this audience who likes Ricky Martin call now okay let's see if he really have the balls to do it don't disguise your voice if we had a voicewriter maybe we get somebody five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a 18 T line here's a lady mobile and palm b cello hello yes ma'am hi I'm the first ten collar and that's what the other guy said I'm calling about this you're black thing with the junior and everything yeah because actually my stepmother's brother your stepmother's brother right my step uncle I guess is a junior the only Jewish junior I have ever met are you serious I am serious Jewish junior I do it yeah yeah unbelievable what's his name what's his first name I am Edward Edward junior while Edward time off will Jewish to me I don't think well then that's where you're leaving it wait man I gotta give my husband directions no go straight and turn in the car you know um no Edward senior unfortunately passed away about a year ago but the reason yeah thank you but the reason I don't think that guy who caught you before was right because what I was always told is the reason that they don't call people junior is because with the angel of death things that they might confuse the two people and take the wrong one yeah yeah yeah yeah like in all the angels there was always always you know going to the wrong base things like that yeah that's true okay anyway you're welcome say hi to say how to junior okay Edward sounds like you're going to me do you know any Jews they did were no no any Fisher there you go there was one I was quick and capplin like I said it's not that's a Jewish name okay oh not see this scares me okay when I see all those lines lit up there because I'm not gonna believe these people if we have guys clean well I'm very I'm straight and I love Ricky Martin I'm straight as an arrow I have yeah right we believe you I cannot believe that for the life of me because he's music is so I mean oh thank you so much I mean let's get and then the picture on the back of his new CD I'm gonna tell you something if he isn't anchored to the floor trust me when I tell you he looks like he might forget about Star Trek and Star Wars and all of those other out of space he looks like he's gonna take off into orbit any second he doesn't even have a cuticle or a toenail on the ground Ricky here's poppin oh hello no colonial yes sir two things first of all I don't care about Ricky but I've compared to somebody other music nowadays if I can one of his songs I'm glad they're there that's a some of the who produced on somebody other stage some of the who to do yeah yeah like I'm a garbage they play on EDR well I live in Rask for me I've never listened to an EDR but when I was growing up I remember listening to good aren't being music out of Philadelphia or Detroit or whatever and that was just out green and the OJ's that's all I had that was in don't say OJ bad time he's okay I know I know I kind of had to speak that out of it that's ridiculous that he did we were even going on like this with certain people listen get to the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the one man what I've been following wrestling for 25 to 26 years and I've always taken it for what it is entertainment a few last a lot of guys referred to as a soap opera I was paying attention to it the other night and when they said he hit the ground and stuff like that I said I'll man this is gonna be bad and then 45 minutes later a fraction of it like the other college said they announced that he had died on his way to the hospital and I thought that was absolutely ridiculous that they didn't stop the thing right there but you know might have to sell must go on you know I mean the guys only did but the next one of the show they go well you know he's an air caner he would want us to continue with stuff like that yeah you know I mean you know an injury is one thing I've seen guys get injured in the ring they wheel him away and they've been serious injuries but it's like okay you know we got to keep things going but they're thinking that what they announced was look it's a pay for view you got 30 million people watching a roughly or hour three million people or whatever you know refining to take it all this kind of stuff they could you know they couldn't see the yeah but but in all fairness let me ask you this question you remember a couple of years ago I don't remember the name of the player but I was watching the game the lions uh player we took that tremendous hit and it took them forever I mean he was lying there emotionless and everybody was like gasping wondering if he was gonna be alive or not oh they had to take him off you know in the uh now I suppose he had died do you think they would have canceled a rest of the game no no change you're right about that no even my Kennedy got shot the NFL that you know the game had to go on yeah and you want to as insult the injury I know you don't follow wrestling at all when Hank told when I was with the man and he said he watched it once a while there was a character that one the championship the other night who goes under the monitor and be undertaker yeah I mean that is such a damn flat but I think Hank watches it because you liked that goldberg guy well I said it got to be related but um now it's I mean I've been watching for in all my cousins kids and stuff like that it's like look they attention to have fun watching but now I got my cousins uh 12 year old kid he's an actually up in Connecticut yeah um I'm not gonna stay on the air with somebody's wrestler say I'm tall of these I'm sure I can get away with it but I won't but he got called for a penalty and like a p-weeking 10 11 12 year old league he argues with the rest of the rest of them another two minutes for misconduct he makes the gestured at the certain wrestler makes and says something to him he's gone for two weeks and I said I said my cousin seems like so what you do I said we came home here with him it's a simple it's I mean you gotta set these kids in line they don't understand the difference between somebody you know joking around and being a character but it's not straight in them out that's right I hear you all right have you thought for a real memorial week and back to you okay so in other words of this guy he doesn't really want to say he can't stand Ricky Martin but he just didn't we won't find one will we you think please tell me the answer is no please say no huh because I'll question my sanity I'll question if there's anybody with taste I'll start eating vanilla ice cream if I find out that there are straight people I'd like Ricky Martin men I mean she is like one step away from outer space in this picture and I'm at a chapter 11 at 5 16 w q a n that's right sure might seem my mother grsy I I'm grieving, it's so hard and bleeding Call the thrill is not so fun You take a guy's really hot, oh At your police, he's a lesbian You're not real, not real You must be something wrong, it's his day I really don't know where I'm going now You believe he's a lesbian I feel like he's a lesbian I really don't know where I'm going Need to see hurt, done he's been up so hell It's 114-560WQA I'm going to get to this show that you may be gay Toast eventually very soon Why are we talking about Ricky Martin at the same time We're talking about that This host is a lamby man I wanted this guy to get out of town Talk about naive, talk about maybe he's in search of a life Search of the truth Here's Miami, hello I Ricky, I've faced those werewolves Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha All right 560560, palms 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Something about an egg sale of public Here's North Miami, hello North Miami Adios, everybody be there, Chie Long gone North Miami on 4, hello Yes sir Hey, that woman is wrong, that guy I call was right About what, Junior Yes, yeah about the Junior She's not very Jewish if she, you know She's not a name You name the person, they have to first letter the name of the day died No, wait, wait, you name the person The first letter the person had died That's how my family Son of words, all Jewish people are named after somebody else Yeah, my name is Bruce and I was named after my grandfather Bernard I'm going to have to ask my mother about that I don't know about that I don't know about that Well, who now was I named after my grandfather My mother's son was named Abraham Abraham, Abraham is Solomon, by the way Good Jewish boy I don't know anybody in my family that his name started with an N That's just how I'm going to have to call up Mickey Dain and say who's with an N God dammit I tell everybody my family does it Anyway, that's not what I did I'm good involved Yeah I am about to become an X-Patri And I'm going to miss you terribly Where are you going? I'm going to Bramuda Oh my God I'm going to wait Are there any white people there? 60% of black But they just got segregation They just segregated like the 70s Yeah So there's another great thing I don't like the church They still got most of them jammed in one part of town It's pretty small Yeah So I want to miss you terribly And I can't wait to tell you that If OJ is coming on, I'm glad I'm going I think it might be interesting In fact, I'm thinking of maybe him co-hosting this show And I think it might be interesting And I still relish today And I didn't have to change the station at all Yeah, I know But you sure positive Exactly So I saw the memories I saw it I had no I have shell cast And I get to listen to you Hopefully over there Even though it's the most expensive internet provider Yeah And it's a lot of things The best part of the deal is Not that we're on this station I don't give a sh** me more Yeah That's the best part And I never thought I could reach this point in my life Or I could just totally be a devote of any interest And whether I have anything that goes on it I just don't give a sh** me more Apathy's in the religion That's right Exactly It's the QAMF in religion I ask a shameless request Yes sir And old carty's to have big broosies I've been down the scene Oh you mean Lonesome Faggot Yeah, yeah, yeah Got it, okay Good luck pal Bye thanks By the way, do we ever put that in here By the way George, we ever put the Lonesome And why are we doing that? I got nowhere to go I'll find it 560, 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T, where I'll be sliding We're looking for a straight guy who likes Ricky Martin Records Doesn't exist, man Well, look at this news on the North Pole Oh, it is here This is the best place I can't see You're looking at all I feel the river in this place Stop it Stop him please He's like a disease Ricky Martin is like a spreading gigantic virus That's enveloping the entire world right now Here's a traffic report on Miami Hello Hey, Dale Yes sir, how are you? Okay We're supposed to be fixed on the turnpike The toll plaza down by the Golden Glades Months ago Yeah I'd totally, everybody know that's going southbound Don't go southbound on the turnpike Because there are 20 DOT people standing around One person working And the traffic's backed up for about two miles down here As usual Okay, thanks for the good news You got it Good luck Okay, stay off the southbound turnpike Okay, stay out of the Golden Glade Just stay at home, keep the doors lucky Your gas mask out, get that army surplus they're going 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line Are we going to eat today, by the way? What the hell does that mean? I hope so Well, I'm hungry Yeah I'm hungry He's hungry, he wants something good So, why? Um, what do you have in mind? Oh, what do we have? I bought our good money at Jeff Cohen We haven't seen that a long time How does that sound? Sounds great Let him bring over a feast, all a bunch of stuff Since we're talking Jewish stuff today Do you want something special? Do you, uh, eat just about anything? No, you know what I want I want that good Jewish meat I don't want to eat, I don't want to eat I don't want to eat, I don't want to eat, I don't want to eat I don't want to eat I don't want to eat If i forget to pick up my cheese That was not good Con Get out I don't want to eat What smell? Well, they really have something There's something to try to feed I don't know, I mean he's too young. I think they have a facelift. But I will just leave me on 28. He is 28. I lost that argument. I thought he was older than that. 28. Okay. So I lost the argument. I mean, it's just his whole physical. I don't know what they did do them. But I believe he's been around for a long time. He never looked like this before. In other words, one day he went to bed, looking like Ricky Martin. And the next day he woke up, looking like whatever this is now. I'm sound as serious. Because I used to see him on television from Mexico. I used to talk about that year. He was a year ago and then I went digital and it's not on or anymore on the big dish. But he didn't look like this. Okay. Why would we? We got to find out what happened because I told my parents that look if I got as much done on me as he had done on him, I look as good as he. I agree. I agree. I think that what you see is definitely not what I maybe did in the Mark Hamelon. I don't know. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day, pal. You too. 560. 560. Go to show your man. You're a pretty damn lucky because most of these women are done more than saw dust. Come from being repressed for all those centuries, you know, keep them under your thumb and so to speak. Keep your thumb on it. And these poor women out there, they look at something like this. I mean, if he came out tomorrow, if he came on national television, if he stood in time square with his boyfriend, if he stood there like with a bear bottom shaking in front of the universe, it wouldn't make any difference. Oh, what a kid are you are Ricky and what we're saying? I really want it. Oh, you really want it. Oh, you really want it. Oh, you really want it. No, no, no. We don't want it. Put your clothes back on with him. You don't want it. You're back to an owner for you. You won't want it. No. It's Ricky Martin a Thursday for the holidays. He is everywhere. You know, everybody they have their moments of start-up and fame. He's so hot right now. You couldn't touch him with a poker. Here's the show. Hello. Yes, sir. Straight who will? Want to say no to Ricky Martin. I'll listen to the back shoe boys. Yeah. Back shoe boys are great. I mean, I never said they look good because they don't, but they can sing. I'm using the good even George now admits to like one of their records, which I don't really care what he thinks could just taste something. Anyway, but even he finally had to come around so to speak. I don't know how to say that. But the flow is far from Ricky Martin. It's just you know, you could hear it. I mean, that's that one. Well, that one was Madonna Man. She must have, they must have. We cut that a hundred, five thousand takes to keep her from life and a ransom off. But the reason I called is, I don't know if you're, I wasn't new yesterday, and that cop that got to kill that cop and got sensed really four cases of murder or something like that. The cops family come to the courtroom and they stick a microphone in the mom's mouth and it's like, I think the Lord now we're vindicated. Yeah. Where was the Lord when they got with shooting the other day? I don't hear that stuff all the time. It just makes me want to puke you. I think the Lord for this and thank the Lord for this justice. How about you? Like you said, how about the Lord is that my, they was getting killed? Oh, man. I'll just say, yes, thank you. Okay. I have God bless you. There's another guy with a brain. I was thinking that's the other day and it's very disturbing. I know it irritates a lot of people out there when I say this, which is good because I like it, we're taking a lot of people because if nothing else, it makes them think. And that is that the overwhelming majority of people, including most of you listening to me right now, the majority of people, whatever is in your brain, unfortunately, it's because somebody else put it there. You don't understand? People just accept things because it's been said, generation after generation and they just accept it. It's just in there and they never really stop to digest it and to think about it and examine it. And like create something in their brain by themselves. That's the saddest part. Most of what's in the brains of people in America were put there by somebody else. And that's pathetic. That's just tragic. And like I said a couple of days ago, how could anybody be so sick and twisted to believe in a God that if you could be the best person in the world, but if you don't believe a certain bunch of bull crap, you're going to, your soul is going to burn and hell forever? That's beautiful. That's lovely. I only wish I could live my life believing in such bubble micees like that. That's great. And if Hitler would have accepted Jesus on his deathbed, he'd be in heaven, right? Oh, there you go. You stick with that God. Okay, I'll stick with. Hey, oh God. You stick with that God. You're stuck with him. Okay, for better or worse. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Who's that on the bat line? By the way, I always get nervous when that line rings because I figured it out. Yes. It's probably Jeff Cohen. From the pizza lock, it's bringing us food real soon. Lots of it. I wonder what's going to happen when OJ is here. It was going to be bringing the food. Maybe we can make some special catering arrangements for that. Ask death if he can make something special, I'd prevent OJ comes on in. You don't talk to him about? Yeah. Do what meatballs and sausage are just sausage. Does it do his meatballs have that breading in him? Probably. Well, ask him. Do you have him on there? I don't want no very little. Very little. That sounds good. I like that meat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. WDQ and machine Martin line. Yes? Yes sir. You look at for straight guys who like working more. Yes sir. This is a communal. I'm a straight guy that likes machine Martin. Yeah. You like what do you like about him as an ass? No. I like his music. Yeah. Well, like we want. Which song do you like? I like living with King of Locus. Yeah. I think you got your thumb on it right now pal. I think you hit Mike's marks this spot. Excellent. I live in La Tenga, Loka. That was great. That was the best call of the century so far. I'm going sir. I have to kill your meat. Oh. God. That's a big Gucci baby. One of the, you know, I don't want to start picking on hispanics, but you know, you got to get over that ho Chi kuchi thing sooner or later. Some day, ladies, Carmen Miranda is a dead restaurant. He's taking them for an antenna hitch. He's a long gone. But he's a kid. Yeah, exactly. No more ho Chi and a dead earness. He ain't feeling too good like the either. You know, I'll lose all ease these gone. Thank God. Just in time. 26 past 11 at 5, 60 WQAMS. More news will never be the same. I'm 5, 60. WQAM starting this Monday. It's the big corona. Robe Young from 6 to 10 AM Monday through Friday. Only on 560 WQAM. This life just thankful me. Gonna trade Bernie. And do me the group's feet that we bring. Of day, birthday. I'm going down the day. I hold things up my closet. And I was gay. Why? I don't so faggot. Get yourself clear. I'm going to make a toast. Hey, get up. You're an option. Birthday. Birthday. Okay. I'll tell you how old that card is. That's an old data card. We hit it like dump out of that part where he says, I had a, well, that's embarrassing. Anyway, speaking of embarrassing, there's nothing like a typo in a newspaper at home in a newspaper. I had a, here's a, somebody faxed me this. Mario, thank you, Mario. In a real estate section, somebody's advertising your home. It says views plus spaces 1554 square foot home with large lot. Family room with fireplace. Huge dick for entertaining and enjoying the views. It's just a little typo. Did you just fall down or what? Obviously they meant deck. What? Huge deck for entertaining and amusement. Okay, five six seven, oh five. And by the way, here's an interesting fact from one of our chronic fractures, but he's got a good point. He said that they stopped at tennis match after Monica Celis got stabbed. No. All of she didn't die. Did they stop the basketball game on the rookie from the cellar's died? No. They stopped the auto race when the French Indian card driver died. No. Or when Allison died in the helicopter crashed before the race. No. No. Good point. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th year of the slide. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello Neil. Yes, I am. I'm a long time with you for current caller. Yeah. I got a whole thing about you in Ricky. What is this? I got a whole thing about you in Ricky. Yeah. What is going on? Okay. Five six seven five sixty. Pancet. That was like two three weeks ago. We did it. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th year of the slide. Here's Kendall. Hello. How are you, Neil? Okay, sir. Got some redneck, got during family income out of town. And I was wondering if you could pay that Beverly Hill village per day. Maybe some of the money that home. No. Okay. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th year of the mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Next one. Two. Two. Two. Junior's. Yeah. That's. Okay. You. You. You. Right. Look. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yes. So that's it. Run. Frack a articulated because you're. There are that out of it.аш sized shoesマ appsy. But this is Derekkes Represent Fazly force Party of duty and rising. Had pockets still. My. And that out. So that's. So that's it hashtags, Mich. Well, if it's good enough for the Glyme, it should be good enough for us. No, but actually that's what is the honor the Sartic Jews will honor the living. Okay. The honor says, you know, it sounds like it sounds like more bubble mice is today. It is bubble mice is exactly like my father named me after my, my, his mother, my grandmother. Sarah. Kind of a virus. I'm Stanley, my Jewish name is Shimon, and I was named after my grandmother who was Shifra. Okay. Well, so I guess I'm. Okay. Okay. 567. 560. 560. On the 18T wireless line. See how silly the whole world is. All of these ridiculous things. All these. All but it's tradition. Yeah. That's yeah. So is this slavery. So with the crusades in all of that other crap was tradition. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. What's going on? How are you doing, sir? Good morning. Hey, people are like making Martin. We're looking. We still haven't found one. But I'm looking for a needle in there. Good luck. You know, when I see him, yeah, when I see him in those black leather pants, I be given my meat a stroke. Yeah, but he's not bad. Okay. He said that he likes him a lot. What he said. He said he really turned the bond Ricky Martin. I mean, that column this morning. And again, you know, we see these things in the so called major market newspapers all of time, and this thing, well, at least it provoked me anyway. Also, by the way, speaking of that, almost forgot about this part of it. In the same Jose Lambi column, which he's talking about that fact, he goes on. It says no OJ yet. One soft already is happy that accused wife killer OJ Simpson has not bought a home here yet. The name is Susan Kashik. She lives on a palm tree line, gables by the sea street where two weeks ago, OJ checked out her neighbors $870,000 house. If OJ were to move there, he and Kashik would be a strange pair of neighbors. As an assistant state attorney and day, Kashik prosecutes the messy violence cases, some ugly as the OJ Nicole Brown relationship. A stomach Kashik wouldn't come and but her daughter's boyfriend, Super Talk 940 producer Larry Baker said that he's preparing for live broadcast of the Brook Daniel show from Kashik's law on the Simpson does movement. How do you like that? I think that's an accident in heaven, though, two OJ and Brook Daniels. She'd be safe. She'd be real safe. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, I'm just curious. I didn't hear you mention anything. You're always on my current events. The missile thing was China. What's your opinion on that? The missile thing with China? Yeah, how they stole our missile. It was good enough if it was good enough for the Rosenberg that's good enough for the Chinese man. Yeah, no one's getting killed on this one, though. Yeah. How do you know that? Why do you think we had that bad roadmaster when you were slobby with the Chinese embassy, huh? They stopped at the wrong shell. Exactly, there you go. Hey, Guinness Matmacho. Ricky Martin or Alan DeGeneres. Hey, by the way, you know, I was thinking of the day Ellen DeGeneres long overdue to be making a movie with Tom Select. Don't you think so? I was thinking about that. All we can do is see people come on a TV or in the media and they say these patently absurd things. And everybody says, oh yeah, yeah, nice. A lot of sense. Based on what? Based on what kind of it goes back to what I was saying before. Stuff that's in your mind just because you heard somebody else say it or because somebody else believes it. It's pathetic. As soon as you're anybody say anything, you should immediately say, well, what a pilot crab. Right? I'm not saying it. Then you say, of course, you just keep going. Uh huh. Ah huh huh. But anybody else you say Jesus Christ, what kind of bull crab is that? How could anybody say such nonsense? How could anybody believe all these things? 22 till noon at 5.60, WQM if you. Okay, it's 70. The noon at 5.60. WQM long overdue. It's by Dr. Dick and Cider. The you may be gay test. You may be gay if, if you like to watch men and tight uniforms squatting on each other's men's butts to grab a ball, so other big men can jump on them. We're both taking the test here. If you've ever had a pet a cure or a manicure, ever have one? If you like to have a big cigar between your lips. Uh-oh. Big little. Point against George. If you like to dress an ugly clothes and chase a small ball around the woods with some stupid clubs. If you like to drive your meata, if you have any pierced body parts, if you have had any hairs on your body's shave, that'll include your face? No. Below the neck. Does that include your nuts? Don't tell Joe about this. If you'd like to watch figure skating, uh-huh. If you've died your hair, oh gosh, we shouldn't be meeting that in this building. You should wait. Huh? Okay, no names please. Um, if you never open the hood of your car, if you like to watch tall men in shorts bouncing a ball around a court, if you've never been to a strip club, if you have to call a tow truck for a flat tire, if you don't own a single tool. Well, I guess it all depends on what kind of tool we're talking about. If you prefer a prefer receiving oral sex than genital sex, if you like adult films with men with big ones having sex with women, like Peter North for example, skirt skirt, if you prefer looking at the back of your lover's head when you're having sex. By the way, speaking of that, can I interrupt myself here for just a second since Joe was also a kind of about feet? I will say this to me one of the most erotic parts of anybody's body. When they call that the nape of the neck, the back of the neck. Don't we all agree on that? Ah, I said, maybe Joe Costella. How about if like you put your foot on the back of your neck, you think that might? Okay, you may be gay if you don't smoke. If you don't drink, if you don't eat meat, if you wear designer underwear. If you like Ricky Martin, well, I added that one in. If you live with your mother, he's Cuban, is there a special distance between you? If you're only 19 years old, if you're over 20 and you live with your mother, well, thank God, we let him off the hook. If you hate to smell a fish, that is that include like your filter fish. Ah, okay. If you hate sushi, it seems like we're kind of stuck on that one moving along. If you're like showering at your gym, if you read the star, if you like little dogs or cats, if you watch soap operas, if you like shopping for clothes, clothes, clothes, clothes, what would I, clothing? If you like health food, if you're single and your house or apartment is clean and organized, if you fold and hang up your clothes, oh, if guns scare you, if cars scare you, if you've never written the motorcycle, if you have a scooter, you may be gay if you can't grab a standard transmission. If you use any creams or locians on your face or body, that include that to say, if you use any creams or locians, it works the large and in the basket. Judgment calls, that include that to say, of course not. If any piece of clothing is more than two colors, if you have a ponytail, oh, right, oh boy, I guess that can't so much. If you don't like giving your wife or girlfriend or else sex, if you don't like action films, if you like auto racing, if you never own a car with a V8 motor, if you've ever worn a fanny bag without a handgun inside, there we go, I sure go along with that. You know, they ask, oh, what a fanny pack, that jacket, if you like or play tennis, if you like antique, if you like very manalo, if you go to a hairstylist, if you cry at movies, if you hit an animal house, catty shack and blazing settles, if you don't watch, they watch. Oh, if you don't watch, they watch. If you're straight, you watch pay watch, presumably. But I hate to break the news to whoever resimbed his list. They were going along just fine until I got to this list. Because I don't watch it. There are millions of people who call that show gay watch. Well, I'll ask you a castello about the nap of the neck. Oh, thank God, that's okay. I'm losing all hope. There's no pose on there. You said you have to shave it first though. If all your kids are girls, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my God. Well, like they said, if you think adult magazines and movies are disgusting, if you'd ever forget birthdays and anniversities or other important dates, if you'd like to do the laundry, if you'd like to do the dishes, if you'd like to do the cooking, you'll by the way not eating yes to all of these. If you like your wife or girlfriend on top. Well, what if you don't prefer? What if it's just all good? It says, if you like your Wiper Girlfriend on top, I'm not here to seek what he's split here, that's right. Curly or otherwise. If you stop for garage sales, you may be gay if you don't own a gun. If you've never been in a fight, if you don't like killing small animals with your weapon, with your peace. If you have a female friend you never slept with. Look, look at the long. If your wife makes more money than you do, if you hate looking at lesbian sex movies or magazines, you may be gay if you like to dance. If you like watching large men and tight costumes holding and wrestling each other in a ring, oh, oh. Okay, so here's the deal. Here's the one to three items you're still okay. Three to five borderline by sexual. Five to eight borderline homosexual. Eight to 12 flaming queen. Twelve and above. Get a sex operation. You're a girl. There you go. Good loser. You. I'm not, I was listened. I just kept saying, huh? No, no, no, no. All of you above. A perfect six on a Richter skill. I'm the first one to credit that. So there you go. Hopefully everybody just saw the ins past with flying colors. Which brings us to our next very important thing. That is guys who were earrings in the rear. I brought this up so many times over the years. And of course, since most people like to do that is like, I don't know, it's kind of like the hanky and the pocket thing. It's supposed to be like a secret code. And only those people are into the code really understand. That's supposed to be all that secretive like generally speaking, but I think it is. I think there are a lot of liars out there. Earing. Skies who were earrings. I don't like earrings. Right in this year, not into earrings. I mean, it's like a little teeny tiny. I have no problem with that. But guys that were like big loop earrings, you know, food loop earrings. So allegedly, if you were an earring and you left ear, it means you're straight. If you have an earring and you're right ear, it means you float like a butterfly. And if you have an earring and both ears, it means you'll do anything that moves. Or probably you're Cuban. So let's hear it. Let's hear the earring brigade. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Although, of course, mostly you probably want to keep it a secret. I understand. See, I don't understand though, is why there have to be, I just don't get that. In other words, is it like a message? Is it like putting a bumper sticker on your car? Is it like hanging something from your rear view mirror? WQA in. Hey. Yes, sir. I repeat. Perfect. That's the most web-less. There's still back on top of Ricky. Okay, how long he does like it on the bottom? He, you know, he said it was more comfortable being on the bottom, but now that he's on top, he's having a tough time adjusting to it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the grove. Hello. Mobile in the grove. Who's probably doing his laundry? What is it? Okay, coconut creek. Well, whatever, coconut something. Well, that creek. Yes, sir. I went to earrings. Yeah, and what does that mean? I don't know. Aha, aren't you glad I brought this up? See that? You may be setting out next message, pal. You may have in guys chasing you into the theorems that Jaycee Penny's are serious before you know it. That's true, too. Well, why do you do it? I don't know. I think it looks good. I don't know. I used to have just two and one not got one in the other. That's great. See, I always thought that two and one ear means like a real strong message. In other words, like if a guy has two earrings in his left ear, it means he's like 100% straight. And if he has two earrings in his right ear, it means uh, you put the, you know, get the toes down on the ground. You know what I'm saying? I hear you. Okay, well, we'll find out for you. Yeah, let me know. Okay. Ha ha ha. That's great. See, there you go again. People doing things and they don't even know why they're doing them. It's a fashion statement. It's like, you know, with the body jewelry, I'm sorry. I don't make me seem very old and funny, buddy. Can't deal with that. I can't, I don't like tattoos. And I especially can't stand body jewelry. No's rings, bones through the nose, nipple rings, penis rings, you name it. I'm an idiot. I don't get it. I don't understand it. Be facing your body. I mean, if you look, grow test to begin with what difference does it make. But if you happen to look like even a little bit human, that I just do not get. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's the QA. I'm earring patrol out now. Try to nail it down for the 90s. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I thought we're doing. Okay. What it is? What it is. If you're what I live in coral spring, the lot of guys were too earrings and grows love it. You know, so it's a problem. Yeah, one of each year, right? Why I need share. I started off with my left and a couple months later, I got her in my right. You're going to get in your right and not your left. That means you basically are saying that you're gay. What if you get in and both, it's basically a lot of guys have it. It's a fashion thing and both love it. There's defaction statement. Well, thank God we're clearing this up because it's going to pave the way for a lot of people who are going to be here. Thank you, sir. What is it? What if you paint your fingernails? What if you paint your toenails? If you paint your nails? What if you paint your toenails? I said you want things you'll cost to tell what's your gift freaked out. I'll guarantee you that. Can you imagine? Not only has you gotten a version of the feet, but guys would pay the toenails? Five, six, seven. What if you find out that Jeff Gordon painted his toenails? Can you imagine that? That'd be the end of the Saturday morning show here on QAM. That'd be the end of that. Probably take up golf or something. Here's a mobile and sound beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. We're running at one in both ears, so I go clubbing. I wear it in the right and I did score an eight on your test. Okay. I think we got it done. Okay. Thanks Ricky. Come on. Let's hear the honest truth. Here. I mean, a fashion statement. Come on. Let's get serious. It's a fashion thing to have an earring in one ear. Is there anybody believes that? No. I think I think they're just trying to well be on a safe side now, because maybe they're getting out a little bit here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. A couple things aren't wearing earrings, so I don't even need to do any of that. But one thing I do like Ricky Martin and I am married. Yeah. I don't like that song, but I like his older album. I shouldn't say older. Well, I like that a lot now. See, I'm married a lot. I'm married a lot. Yeah. I'm married a lot. You know, woman. That's why I like to Spanish music. I don't even speak Spanish. I don't even understand very much Spanish. Yeah. But I do like him. One other thing that you hit on, that was a great point about people using other people's ideas and not using their own thing. The best example for that was the young Rom Brewer and all cash turnover over there. Have a good day. And back to you. Well, they've been doing it for years using everybody else's material and clean mind. And are you sure everybody else is years to fill? Five, six, seven. It's the earring patrol. We don't seem to have a very firm grasp on it. Maybe that's why over the years I've asked this question. Nobody really has given us a definitive answer because they don't know themselves. I'm sorry. I'm not buying it. If you have a yellow hanky in your back left pocket, which I have no idea what a that hanky pack you stuff means. That's like saying, well, I don't know. I just think it there because I feel like it. Right. Hankies will do tomorrow, by the way. Four minutes till noon at five, 60 WQM and you. I can't be a good body day. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim and aim is my aim is my aim is my aim but more aim will reach is to now making aim inj main aim is my aim more aim on aim to make aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim and aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is right aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim aim is to make aim. aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim and aimem is my aim. my aim is mine. my aim is my aim is my aim can aim is my aim! my aim is my aim is my aim aim me aim is my aim. aim aim is my aim is my aim aim is my aim is my aim aim is I aim the aim is my aim it is my aim aim is my aim aim aim is my aim aim is my aim aim. aim aim is my aim aim is my aim aim is my aim aim is my aim Forget about stealing veled with my vapor. The worst happens later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. The walking is drift club, my chances will fill the moves above 10 and took a dump in a tip curve. With over two a dead to head off fucking agar. She lifted a leg off and I knew she was a father. I did not send him my life, I was lied to. I just found out my mom got home. Get to an home. I forgot what to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. Made on the crap. You know you would dirt when the women first lead. You dropped a home to fat, but you must eat it. Releat the guy and watch gas and sit. It's pretty cool. But I had to go go drop the kids off and my aines, my aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. My aines. I felt about 3-5-60WD2. I think we could have done another audition to our listeners, you may be great to hear you into old Navy commercials. I think we could all agree on it. I prefer the marines by myself. Anyway, here's what it says, which is a shocker. Here's our second. I never thought we'd get one. It says, from Scott. I'm a straight guy in like Ricky Martin song, La Pia. What is it? La Pinga Locca? I don't give a crap what the guy looks like. Or who he sleeps with. I don't know any of his other music. It's the only song I enjoy. Also for your information, my musical taste. They're closer to George's. Kids are yours. Okay, Scott. Thanks for admitting you got crappy taste. And I wonder you like Ricky Martin. So there you go, George. Here's a guy who has musical taste. You're the one who's like a Gucci Gucci music. No, I do not. Like what? You like in Ricky. You like Luis. I like no, not much. I'm like Ricky Coochie. I'm a Ricky Coochie. This Luis Miguel sing. Other than what I've made, and then he one song by Luis Miguel. That's who Gucci music. You like like, or one song. I couldn't name you any of this song. And how many Latin artists do I like? Do I like it? Because I think his music is sensational. Obviously not. Yeah. You like a seat. I've never seen a street. They're leaving out of right there. Well wait a minute. He's got shoes on up there. The picture right behind you there. He's got lovely feet. Even Joe Costello might be a fiddler. That's why those streets. That's why you ran out of here. From the chin up, he's great in from the ankles down. He's great in between. I heard her ain't much. The point is you like Latin artists. And I don't. You're telling me you don't like Luis Miguel's music. You're going to sit there when you don't like his music. How is that possible? He's a great singer. He sings crappy songs. Yeah. That's it. Great voice. Someone give me a song. And the other Latin artists that are like. What? Who are the other Latin artists that are like? Let's hear the list. Oh, Flavio says that. Yeah. Because I think he's a great singer. I don't know. And. Hey, that's two more than I like. Okay. You're just a militant hardheaded speaker. Why did you just say no to that? Okay. But the guy says his taste is just like yours. He loves you. He loves you. Oh, that's wrong. He loves his music. He doesn't care when he speaks with. He doesn't care when he floats like a butterfly. He loves his friend. Okay. I can't take it anymore. Who's my appetite? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50 on the mobile one line. You notice how it's only taking a couple of days. You notice this, by the way. How J.P. keeps getting a little bit closer and closely. Start in there with you. And now he's like right at my elbow almost. And you want to know why don't you? Okay. The food's coming number two, but number one because he's Cuban. Okay. Let's go to Timberpinds. Timberpinds. Hello, too. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Has anyone brought up the fact that he was on a... Yeah, a little. Yes. Have you not a flavor? Yeah. If he's not a flavor that the extent is isn't the anti-Christ. Right. Exactly. Okay. Okay. Got a little swing in all over the stage. Flaming it up. Floating. I think it's a word you want. Flaming. Whatever. Okay. Okay. Okay. Five six seven. So we already took that polar couple of weeks ago. This is old news. We're not taking a poll because the verdict is in in spite of what this jackass writes in a son sental this morning about these baghags. So anyway, maybe he'll be hanging out with Brooks Shields pretty soon, too. You think? No. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. And of course, the enduring public out there, they believe any of this bullcraft. They're just... they're just looking to suck up the bullcraft. They can't wait to hear more lies. They want to be pleased. Please tell us a bunch of crap to make this feel better. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, my name is Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking. I'm a little weird. And I got a tongue ring. You have a tongue ring? Yes. What do you think about that? Well, it might get a little hairy in the back dome. But you know, whatever turns you on. Doesn't that interfere with your eating? Well, that's because I'm living in a pingoloka. Did you ever chew down on it? No. How about the tongue ring? Yeah. You're... Okay. Good luck to your pal. You'll need to see. I don't understand that. The tongue ring with the post... I mean, that to me is got to be the most... Roast-task. The most gruesome. It's supposed to enhance. Felicia. Yeah. Supposedly. It retold me. Yeah. And does it... He's not saying. Oh, I... Okay. Well, I've had only a civil war experience. You ought to know. 560, 50560, pound-560, unimobile one-way. That's our next poll question. There's having a tongue ring in a hands-pilacio. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. What if Monica Lovansky had a big tongue? Yes, sir. I don't know. Okay. I'm straight. I'm married. And I love her too, Martin. You love her, he Martin. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you, too, honey. He was a great, he was a fun guy. I don't know how people put... He says, he's a fun guy. Why did they put one? I don't know how people put y'all. I don't know how they put y'all. What if you put y'all? I don't know. You're a good, you know. I don't know how people put y'all. You're a good, you know. I think so. How can you get... When I have to, I would assume you use your little finger. You're a pinky to get in there. If you have a nose ring. I would think so. Yeah. That would have to be different. And that takes all the enjoyment out. Okay, we'll find out. Thank you. Should I open up more new avenues about these people that are nose rings? The backs of the nose rings get boggles on them all the time. Yeah. And how do you explain those up? When in doubt flush your mouth, and they have like a little instrument. And then you're not going to... And then like pick the boogers off of the back of it. Hmm. Well, sounds like maybe snack time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one lie. We still haven't got the answer on the earrings. Every time I asked that question, but we had a couple of people touch it. And then they run away from it. They race away from that topic. As if, don't please utility, buddy, about it. You're not fooling me, okay. Maybe you're fooling somebody else out there. You're not fooling old queen like me. Trust me when I tell ya. You can stick those earrings wherever they had you want. Okay, even in your... Correct. You ain't fooling me for a minute. But let's press up and figure out who America what they'll install about. Maybe it's part of some secret agenda. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one lie. Roger's got mouse your ring in a theatre, not too far away. Star Wars, the Phantom Men, Starring somebody's little kid. Discover the true power of Hollywood favoritism that leads professionally seasonbackers on the beach. You also leave you for $8 to decide a means for George Lucas to do weird things for his friends. Once you be proud of this little boy and his parents, I'm soon air-very proud. In spite of the fact he ruined a whole new day, and truly alive said great film concept. Genie, I hope he doesn't use it. You think I'd be even crying? Perhaps you're better off waiting for Star Wars 7. In addition to the power, the attack of the yeast infection. Starring the whole sin twin. Okay, any pretty mediocre reports of what Star Wars by the way, most people with a brain of sorts are that it was either okay, mediocre or that it's suck. Except for Christopher Joe Costello, who refuses to grow up. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello. Hello there, Neil. Yes sir. The reason why Jewish men are not named Juniors, you always name a Jewish boy after a dead relative. Oh, that's what somebody said about the hour ago, yeah. Well, I don't know about the angel of death routine, but I heard a long time ago, Minuto was where the kid Ricky Martin came from. I heard that the Minuto boys were all old boys, and they were the best for the best they were, well, what did if you will by becoming a Minuto boy, to be in the good old boys? Because they all did the good oral performance. I think that's what they got had. I guess so. They all did somewhere another. Right. And anybody that tattoos or puts that's the piercing and stuff in their body, I just got, don't get it. But you know what that is, that's what I was talking about before. People will do things just because other people do them. Therefore, oh, that's a great idea. I think I'll do that. I'll stick something in my tongue. I'll be faced by body. I'll do all these growth tests things to myself because people are so God damn weak. How stupid can you possibly be to put post and crap in your tongue in your mouth? I went into an ice cream store, and there were two girls working behind the counter to serve us. One of them had like purple hair. The other one had green hair. I got over that real quick. It was the earrings through their eyelids. I was at the eye, but above their ear. I found the girl up in the mouth. And I helped you. And I saw something dangling in the mouth. My son and I walked out. That was it. I was always good in a place where you're buying something. Right. Always happy to hear it. Okay. Thanks. Have a great life. When did that get it out? Okay. Get rid of that stuff. Stopping and lemon. It's like the assholes who wanted to be individuals in the 60s. So they all dressed the same and smell the same. And what's the same? They're like, maybe 10 of us in the world who are like individuals. And everybody else wants to be like everybody else. Because they all want to be accepted. And they all want to think what everybody else thinks. Because it's fashionable. Like the guys with the earrings. Oh, it's a fashion statement. It's a fashion statement of wearing earrings in each ear. To wear a fruit loop in each ear. Just that's toward Michael. Yeah. There you go. Forking, faggot. Fony son of a bitch. I mean, like somebody like he had to get caught in the team for somebody to figure out that that was a faggot. I mean, seriously, are you people deaf dumb and blind? Like this Ricky Martin picture. Take a look at that picture. Okay. If he don't look like he's ready for Opalaca Airport any second now. One way number two. Jesus Christ. Oh, yeah. But his gal pal and oh, get out of here with his crap. That's a problem America. Just full of lies and BS. Nothing would please me more after it makes his first 50 million dollars. I'll follow his crap that he's peddling from to get up there on J. Leno again or stand out there new year's Eve right in time square and say, All new girls out there guess what you lose. I'm a flaming faggot. Okay. Too bad. Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that be wonderful? Oh, here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Oh, perfect timing after that last statement. I got a backup that guy. Not necessarily a fashion statement. Back up boys. Yeah, right. Yeah. But I don't know. Actually, I've had both ears pierced probably like six or seven years. Yeah. I know a lot of people in the museum. I asked you one question. One question. Yes. Well, because I was in Banchro long time and then it's like, Do you want to review or what? Bans, you know, like a, I have you metal group. I've had a chain pierces everything in that. Yeah. But then like, like, you know, like Ricky Martin anybody in a dance group these days definitely got both ears pierced. Not that they're mostly homosexual, but not everybody is. But you know, anybody with that seizure haircut anymore. Oh, you know, like the urban guys, they go out. They all got those. That little type in seizure haircut, you know, like Luis Miguel had there for about five minutes. He'll hear me say on here that it's a real foggy thing and even do you see it was embarrassed by it? There you go. In fact, I think that's why he got stabbed, you know, Caesar when he came to a home without haircut one day, I think that was the end of him. Well, I don't know. It is kind of a, I don't know. It's not a fashion statement, but I don't think it's just openly sexual statement as a lot of people think. What was so what is this? It's just like, you know, the way you would, you would wear jewelry and it's a certain way that you find that looks attractive. Yeah, so how come there are guys who were two earrings in one year? Now that I don't know. I don't know. That's like what you're saying is some kind of, that's supposed to mean something. Yeah, like for empty. So what seemed to me, that means like if you were two earrings in your left ear, you're like saying, Hey man, I'm as straight as an arrow and all you almost stay away from me and vice versa, you know what I'm saying? Right. Like you're just plain and completely if you had both in your right ear pierced or something. Okay, good luck you pal. Yes, thank you. Watch where you pierced it. All right. By the way, JP just met Jeff Cohen here. Stay away from him because as much as he loves the women, I'm a little bit nervous about him. Always wonder about no serious. I wonder about guys with ponytails, especially guys that are as horny as this guy. Would you put some clothes on please the next time you come in here, we love your food. Jesus Christ Almighty, man. You're in the food business, you're in the restaurant business and you are the most unaputizing and plus the check out the fingernails, too, by the way. Maybe he loses appetite for lunch. Jesus Christ. That was on the list by the way, guys who paint their fingernails, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, like 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one, what about guys that you say in a library? Guys that use pencil fin vibrators up. Another 10 marks against him. Here's Miramar, hello. Miramar. Going once. Long gone. Here's windwood, hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Good morning, good to meet you. I'm going to ask you a question. I can't ask, I can't ask. How was it all burning down? Okay, great. How come I knew when it said windwood was the same as what I call two days ago. Also from windwood. Good idea for a pal next time you call with your phony accent, use some other place. Okay, because it's too obvious. Even Steady windwood wouldn't buy in the bed. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Here's Hialia, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I'm going to explain to you the reason for the earring deal. Please. Back in the old days people are also too much a liar's by the way. Back in the old days pirates used to wear earrings to rebel against the government. And I guess that today people wear earrings to rebel against the society. Yeah. And I think we should also support the NRA. Okay, okay, okay. It gets us. It's my point to be a pal that likes you, George. Yeah. When out there's one of your people, that's one of your little friends. And they're playing grab-back. And they're playing grab-back. And they're playing grab-back. And they're playing grab-back. They're going to be coming right now. They're squeezing their real tight. 560. And in fact, this guy's got an earring in his rectum. And possibly with the leash on it, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Oh, God, your confused people. Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hey Neil, what's going on? How you doing sir? Not too bad. Listen. My ex-girlfriend had her tongue pierced. Yeah. And it doesn't, it does it really affect the ratio. You can't really feel it. to watch. I mean, it's getting deep broated. It's so much better than having someone who has a tongue curse to it. I mean, it's, and I also have two earrings on my left ear. I think it means that you party is what it is. That's very important. You know, you're crazy. You're pretty. That's you. That's basically, yeah. I don't know. We believe you. All right. Well, okay. Back in the house and hide is what I would do. 56750, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. Well, I got my sausage now with cheese nunnions from the pizza lock. Got our great lunch here. Everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy with the food. Because basically, when you come right down to it, you know, all we can say, I don't give a sh** anymore. Yeah, that's what we say here at QA. And then we really mean it too. When we say it, we mean it. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. WKLA, Mickey Martin line. Hello. What is that? Oh, you got to be fired it. What is it? Okay. What wait a minute. Let me see if I can see. I hate this thing. What is this piece of crap? Yes. Okay. Tomorrow night at the Bobcatch game. As usual, the piece of stuff starts to gain by bringing the other stuff. I think you have something. I thought the shameless plot? I don't know. I don't want any one to mix to miss Lexi lost. So we'll be bringing the ball out to the center of the field. The stripper? I don't know what she does when she's not bringing the football out. Yeah. That's the field. No one at you got something to do. There should be, yeah, I had to get her an extra large T-shirt to wear and I'll still tight. That's her name, Busby Balls. No Lexi lost. Yeah. So she will be delivering the game. I think that the name of the piece of love should be Pizza lost section of Italian food. Seriously, I think it will be a family restaurant. Yeah. So how do you get my families without having sex? Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. I mean, you got Monday night is was on, you know. Tuesday night is, what is it? Excellent. Eggplant night. Wednesday is kid night. Thursday is a Lexi night. Thursday night could be Lexi and a sexy night at the pizza loss. You know, an orgy there on Thursday. Sounds pretty interesting. Yeah. The coffee next week maybe. Well, there's the night is orgy night is a pizza loss. You can put anything in the joint in your mouth in the Western Charge. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That whole thing about the thing, the earring in the tongue, the appears tongue. That just, it makes me want to puke. I can't begin attending when I see somebody like that walking around and they will put up their mouth. That always makes you good impression. You know it? If I were going to go for an interview for a job, if I wanted to put on a real life suit, you know, in a tie and have a thing in my mouth. God. But hey, that's the American F and way, baby. And you really want to see it go to Berlin sometime. I didn't see that much of it in color in their little class. You there, but in Berlin, Germany. Wow. They got all these the stands out there on the mean drags. There where they sell airbie kind. I mean, you talk about body piercing. They got, rectum rings and bells and beads. You name it. They got it. Unbelievable. What are you talking about Jeff? This Jeff Coleman. What's that? Is your show on? Thank you. Here's a mobile in Vogue. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know if anything to say about the show, but can you play Jack in the box? I haven't heard no one. No, you can't. Five six seven rows. What do you have? The microphone is it's still on? Oh, here's microphone. What do you want someone you pointing you're pointing like up at the sky? Well, that's where it is. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty, pound five sixty on a mobile one line. You're a bunch of liars. You're not a full-nall or rest of us, okay? You earring people. Here's a mobile in Vogue. Hello. Mobile in Vogue. Going one. Hello. Hi, Dering. Yes, sir. You opposed the belly button rings or no? Am I opposed to what? Belly button rings. You don't like come rings. What about belly button? Leaves me cold, you know what I'm saying? I hear you. What do you think? I'm actually a Canadian working down here. Bokeh, I'm just want to talk about the maple leaf. Conference final. Sure. Tonight. I really haven't been hearing this show the last few days of steel. You're talking about the lease. I know you're big fan. What do you think about the series? Sir, what about that? I can tell you this. Unfortunately, there is absolutely no interest in hockey in this town whatsoever, which is another reason that is such a, you know, the fact that we got a sports station in this town is such a joke. This is in the sports town. They don't know from it. They don't care from it. We've had all these exciting games. The Leaf Buffalo two games were both exciting as hell. And these people don't know from it. They couldn't give a crap. You know, the mayor in Toronto, Mel Larson, made the the whole city where white and blue for a day that they showed the support. This obviously is a big building. It's not happened exactly. The biggest thing that happened since the Los Angeles Kings in would 93 and we have an out of family cup in Toronto, uh, 31 years. So 30, 32 years or 1960. 20, our team. And have been, have been the final since the 1970, they're by the way. David, I think that series is going to turn out. Well, I was real nervous after that first game, but you know, something we lost the first game of the Philadelphia series, what was the last season? Six last season? Back in the first series at home, came back in 16. I think the whole deal is to have a game. If they can pull a game off tonight, I think we can win a series. What about Dallas and caught in, go ahead to the home? All of a sudden, Belfer's, uh, you know, he's playing for real. Looks like it's going to be Dallas and whoever Buffalo or Toronto. Exciting stuff. But you can always hold your breath at the 80 to be, go, you know, wait still a final to pull his choke routine for this year. It would be good. That's right. Maybe quarter next year, but thanks a much. Okay, go these go, right? You got to go to see her. Okay, there's a hockey fan, but of course he's from Toronto. So what do you expect? Because you know something about it here do they know anything? No, about now. You picked the topic. Do they know it? No, even earrings. Did they know it? No, they're wearing them. Did they know why? No. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQ anyway. It's not good. It's great. Wow, what a nice deck. Thanks. I love him. That's so big. I think my speaker. I've seen your deck. It's not bigger. When did you show you a deck? Over a kid's house, I was on his deck. You wrote his deck? It was before your deck. Your deck is thicker. My deck was pretty firm then. You had a rock hard deck. It's softer now. When were you at his deck? One summer? For how long? Did you want your all at the time? But my deck's bigger. What is it with you guys in your deck? How many decks have you been on? It doesn't matter. You just can't get enough deck. You're just as big as Am了吧, okay? I must do love my deck. Let me kiss it. I'm going to kiss you deck. Oh yeah. Kiss my deck, baby. And stroke it? Uh, rub my deck. This is really kinky. What? I've never seen a woman climb on another main deck and rub his heart deck and stroke his firm deck. Did it turn you on? You never did that to my deck. I love his deck. Oh yeah, baby. It's stuck my deck. Oh yeah, love my deck. Dexter sucker. Ouch. Oh what? Sprinter. Just swallow. Never spit it out. Girls love big hard decks on a man. Girls don't like tiny rough decks. Big thick decks. Available at dick decks. So you're all of age? Okay. So what were you saying? Just now was thriving? I wish I would have had that mic years during that last two three minutes. So what have we been off the year? We'd lost our license, but it would have been great. 1233 at 560 WQA and Pete's a lawflac. I said not to fast is not to cheat this, but the hornies and the universe make no mistake about that. Okay, great. Thanks for the food and the perverted story. Thank you. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Listen, I was at listen to your show. We did house a listen to you talking about Rick and Martin. He's a personal friend of mine. He's a good friend of mine. From back then. From back when we shoot a school together when he was a man. I was just, hold the honours. Yeah. Okay. Great. So what did you just took the thing out of this hand, you know? You called that a penis? 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Maybe he maybe that was as much material as you had the chance to write out before I got to. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. You know, my name is Roy. I'm visiting from New Jersey. Roy. Yes. I wiped out me. It is a great song called my anus. I was wondering if you could play it. You like my anus? Is that what you're saying? I never heard it. It's why I'm I'm glowing to see if you can play it and I can hear it. Yeah. Okay. Well, we're kind of okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great day. You too. And watch your in this. Right. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. So there was a close personal friend. What he said? He said he was doing all of a new dough. What he said? Something like that. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? How you doing? I'm calling. I'm also a Canadian. So make a Canadian hour. I'm a hockey fan. I'm right. And I know a little bit about the game. I hope I only watched four or five Stanley cups come on in the end. But anyways, what happens to the goal-tending match of we had this series with Toronto and Buffalo? Where's the Domino Air at? Domino Air he'd be hurting you know? I know he's hurting. And you know what? I mean just like Pat Quinn said at the press conference after the game the other night we'll take whatever we can get. You know you can't make excuses. Yeah, but still I mean we're getting close to the final mountain and you've got a step up. What do you mean you've got a step up? He's injured. He's got a pull-growing. He's pulling it. Okay. He can't. He can't play. It can't be a goalie with a bullet-about-growing. I understand that, but I mean it's going to get to a point where Roly's a goalie's not going to be able to keep them in longer. Great. Excellent. Yeah, I know when the only reason I'm saying that is good. Put that Martin Viron kid in from Rochester. That kid looks pretty good. You've been a shaving stick his ass in there. Yeah, but I'm like I said, I'm not pulling for the lease only for the fact that that Kujo, who is a great goalie. I'll give him all that. Yes, he is. He let them in to go to Toronto. Just for the sake of getting to a container which at the beginning of the season with the judge for the second getting to a contender. The least missed a playoff two years in a role. Everybody picked him to miss the playoff this year and he wanted to get a contender six many years. I think is what might have done it sir. At what I was saying he didn't even leave here. Well, this is a problem of professional sports. That's why I'm always going down the toilet because nobody wants to put a salary cap on his ridiculous salaries and small markets like Edmonton and Winnipeg, you saw what happened to them and how Pittsburgh was right on the bubble. You know, they're like maybe they're maybe yes and maybe you know, that's what's happening to professional sports because you've got all these overpaid jobs. You know, it would seem to me that maybe four or five million year most of us could scrape on it. You know what I'm saying? Oh, I don't think any athletes need 15 and 18 and 20 million a year. Yeah, you know what and that's what serves me off right now. And that's why it's all a bunch of crap. Yeah, I, I, I, I take me and God bless you sir and go leave school like I said, kick the rest with the without the domineering. I don't know. I mean, the lease haven't had Alan McCallie and Igor Corler for the whole playoffs and I granted they're not in the same category with Hoshik and the Mirus Lopsia 10 but nevertheless, you don't complain. You do you go with what you got and you do the best you can. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile online. Well, I wish you could have heard the disgusting stories we were listening to and hearing during that last break. The day involved the canicle devices. They involved the body parts, mechanical devices, things that drugs, things that have been invented yet, concerts, almost rippers, pokers, love handles, large bazookas. I mean, you name it city of Chicago. But I was about the only normal part of the conversation with Chicago when a great place was ending only things he was doing there were all perverted to by the way and congratulations to him, more power to him. Anybody who doesn't like a good old pervert, well, that person forget about him. Here's a mobile and boit and beat, Chela. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a white male, Mary. I'm not like Ricky Martin because. Oh, I. So much better than listening to that. Hank. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you. Uh-huh. 567. All over Ricky Martin has a fat ass. So maybe that's why you attracted to him. That might be a serious, but it started looking in the mirror and checking yourself. Pretty soon to be put in hearing in both the years and maybe in both the back dome cheeks. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile online. They all have in such an identity crises out there. You notice that they're all struggling. Especially after they heard that survey. Wouldn't surprise me that we have a whole lot of people out there that were like eight, nine, and ten done at Dan's survey. 12. Well, if you're Cuban, you had to have at least a 12. Oh, God, Neil. Hey, my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is. Hi, kids. You all like good little thinkers that fun little sound becomes right out of your thinking. Want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about who will my brains all go. I try to get my groove on but I can't figure out which device do I'm going to fart on? In Dr. Dreas. You old major past. Yeah, no. What was my last? Can you look well? Well, the age 12 seemed like I always smell about ripping gas in the bathroom was pretty swear. I got this job when I just bought jeans off and bought it so hard. It turned my underwork backwards like Chris Croft. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner man. It's fun at my ass. It's a fat bitch who ain't you fat. Spell this honey. Yo, get away to my Instagram. I don't give a fuck. God said we think the world up. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't got a seat to water me. Kicked out back in Julia High, said the problem was something probed out my ass and died. I shot them in the face with my vapor. The worst happens later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Walking his drizzler, my chest was fulfilled. Uh, moves the ball tennis took a dump in a ticker. With over to a dancer had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Not a night set of my life I was lied to. I just fell down my mom got all cancer out of the house. I told her I forgot to be a famous rapper. They corrected about very noisy. They don't McCrapour. You know you was dirt when the women rushed to leave. You tried to hold the back but she must need to relieve the sky and watch that. That was pretty cool. But I had to go drop the gift off and move. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. Okay. Well, let's hear about it, Corey. Corey's famous by the way he's going to front. Did you know that? He's going to front me to be a TV star. Oh, really like that. Fort Myers. Maybe we'll get some calls. But are what channels are going to be on? Which is channel? Well, we know my callers. We want numbers on Fox. What is the number? What channel number? It's the... Do you know? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No, no. No. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Just don't figure it off. It's on the fox. Okay? Which means they're going to be hyper ventilating. He's going to be doing news. He's going to be a news. Man over there like, Eleni Martinez. he's going to do news. That's great. This is the great watching always other people move up in a world while there rest of us just hear vegetating in this toilet in his garbage written place it is awful a septic tank awful Here's my when you're working for peanuts here's Miami hello great Multibanding Ricky Martin I can't stand like you've ever seen through as a midday I've got these guys caught and I don't believe one of these people and not that they were that many they're like three or four people and one facts Oh, yeah, I'm a straight guy and I love Ricky Martin right right. I'm right. I'm okay. Okay. What one you're you always to play you play those three thoughts Which I would assume I don't know who Ricky Martin is sleeping with I hear words and reports from people alone very very very Inamily by the way. I don't know and that's his business. I don't give a crap. Well the idea that straight males are in a Ricky Martin's music to me I take someone a skew you know You know, you know, you know, I don't even care about a sexual orientation They take the guy He's a clearly mentality you play a three thoughts. Okay. You have one that like Creeper logos Yeah, I mean no No, I know when I think I'm who he looks Now we know a bottle there's a lot pinker look at look at look at me see more whatever you know I mean no, I know a bottle with so like if you was Spanish Okay, it's good Yeah, you know and all the other shows of the station. Oh, you're chronic on all the shows in the station. Okay, bye Well, he had enough to say already. I said well, what do you mean all the other shows on the station? He also calls the floor She also comes in here He calls the sports shows this guy. We got us everywhere. They're on a show Oh God, on my right in the middle of my lunch. I might have to barfe and if I didn't do it while Jeff Cohen was telling me his exploits See, I'm gonna explain something. Okay. I don't I hope you don't take this in wrong way and if you do tough crap because I mean you don't care But Always in the American society. It's always us bags. We're always the perverse. You know We're the ones that are promiscuous and we're bad and we're evil and we're waiting in the bushes But in the meantime, I'm gonna tell you something. I have never in my life ever Met anyone more Kinky than Jeff Cohen. I mean this man and I don't be grudge him if he's didn't lay every half hour more power to him. Okay, the rest of us would just be jealous But I mean just on and on Bop, Bop, Bop, this girl. Well, he must have a penis made of steel this man Honest of God. He must have the sex organ of a woman shaped like the sex organ of a man Just unbelievable on and on and on in the most unbelievable Grotesque detail In his case if he's involved in it, believe me. Grotesque is the word. I mean he's a great guy. Great food good friend. We love him But just seeing him with that tank top isn't enough to make me that that's better than the heck inside I could go on a diet for a no food diet for months Looking at him for like more than five minutes with that tank top Kind of reminds me like when the nephew comes in after going to the gym or wherever he's hanging out smell on real bad with that tank top on you know Like he's just been working out in the gym 567 05 60 or a bitter bottoms one of those places and pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's South Miami. Hello Yeah, hi Neil. How you doing today? I'm a long time and I just wanted to tell you that the body part piercing my daughter went to Europe on a Exchange program a couple years ago, which was in high school and came back with one and her nose good luck, Corey It was fine. I want the numbers are in that station with help. I'm not the address too. We'll be good. Go ahead. I'm sorry Still haven't gotten over that with the nose the nose button and I just wanted to I know you believe in truth and broadcasting There is no runway two at Dopolaca. Okay. My mom is just you know. I know I know I just Nice pocket. I didn't want to give you exact location because then all those girls will be screaming carrying okay, so whatever Okay, there's no one way to it. I'll put everybody get that. Okay good right that time mark in your car Oh Whoo And you know something else. I realized that parents out there you got a tough time and your kids and spices They get a little bit older. They start getting more and more rebellious especially what's it up to about the age of 40 They start trying to do their own thing But what kind of parents but their kids walk around? I'm talking about young like 13 and 14-year-old kids with all of these things Suppose Sabrina comes from the bar and says dad I want to have like a tongue a post a thing in my eyebrow What in my navel you're paying for it? And that would be your only response no of course done What would your response be I say if you want to you know Read your own body wait till you're 18 and then so your body right we'll be able to say crap and don't ever come back here again 560 560 560 animal the one line Here's Miami. Hello Hi, New y'all how are you okay great show. Yes, it is About Ricky Martin. I can't stand him either. I had enough baggage already around What oh my god, I'm Spanish okay. I'm on This is a cute telling you this okay Also talk about phag it We have a couple here in Miami in the politician so you talk about that? Couple what oh We can't name the phagots on you. Oh, okay Unless they're out of the closet, which I'm sure they're not well, they're not my deconice not a coin is in cheese ones that run the city but It's terrible but that's why you know things are the way they are here Miami That's why things are a little queer in Miami right? Yeah very queer. Okay, sweetheart All the way to Congress give them a big kiss for me. Okay. Thank you right to Governor Boot you'll take care of it Till seven to camp 560 70560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line and that's something you sit back there's Corey Satan go out to do a big TV star. He'll be in four miles for about six months Then he'll be in New York like right after that That's right. That's where it starts. That's where it works All these people I've worked with Chris Myers at KAT there he is on Fox now or whatever it hell is Craig say you're with W.S. TV and Sarah so he's out there out of the ESPN somewhere All these little punks all these little sports nerd punk She don't want to think about Corey which enables him to go there and do news and that just be a sports nerd Is he's got a little bit more interest than just being a sports nerd In fact he told me the other day he has nothing but the greatest content for the sports nerds in his building Can't stand he's nauseated and revolted by I can say that now these leave it We change his mind well too bad you leave in anyway Here's Papa no hello Yes, I'm a hockey fan and I Watch both of those the series so far. I thought it was the Colorado and The Dallas series is pretty pretty good I mean there was some good officiating in that game when it came to the Buffalo Toronto game What happened to the officiating I thought meeting was well? Many penalties. I mean here we are in the standing sub finals and if you looked at all the audience I wanted to take the second two barns well that was the most abandoned penalty on silver and co-taie Aberes on my life, but let me say it again. I'll sleep hands. We don't cry We don't make excuses. We don't blame the referees like some of these other cry baby teams like the flyers We just know To me like when you get to the playoffs let him play like I'm like Don Cherry said let it in lay Yeah, they didn't have a series and they're not doing it here. Yeah, let them play I'd like to see them play and especially when at Buffalo power play the fewer power plays They got the happier I'm gonna be they got a lot of points. You know, I mean I'm a Buffalo fan But the point is and I'm not complaining okay about it. I'm just saying that You know you're calling penalties late in the game with the game already in hand The Sabers rallied and They started rallying and he took on the penalties now one after the other and it almost lasted through to the end of the game I just felt that you know if they had just you know there's no fighting play you can't fight Yeah, you can't you know okay. We'll say hi to Rob Ray, okay 560 70 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line sounded me like a little sour grapes on his part Once you told us he was a Buffalo fan there to the got the game close Hey, Debrick the news to you sir the only reason they got the second a two Barnes goal in that game was a really Fat them call when L. X. He's Jidnik took a dive and they called a penalty on Silver and Coate Unbelievable the unacceptable call they showed the replay he never touched the neighbor breed on him a dive Sign up for the guy damn Olympics with gray or Greg Lewis famous Here's a mobile in coral springs hello Hello, yes, sir and you know you're talking about guys with two earrings and one here Let's get this earring things straight now. I'm begging and nobody will touch this with a 10 foot Look, I don't know what everybody's reasons are but my reasons because I have I had three and one here, but I lost one and I should have her bothered to God goes to show it's always good to have a couple of spares. Yep I did it because everybody knew already had one Hearing in their ears. I did two to be different Yeah, that's it that's why I did it and I was also being stupid and every time I've gone on a job in it If you want to know let me ask you this. I'm assuming they were in your left ear, right? Yes, and why was that? As far as I know so people don't think I'm gay Exactly, that's my point. I don't know why everybody is in denial on this that to me if a guy War's in your ring in his left ear. That means he's straight if he wears an earring in his right ear He's gay, but I was just seeing that if you were in both ear your gay You're just way too close to being feminine to me. Bye. Yeah, I mean if you want it you got to buy it Okay pal, all right. Always keep a spare. Yep, and a hearing too That's what Jeff Gauntz is me that's what he's got a couple of spares in a back Man is just unbelievable just can go 20 30 40 hours a day non stop bang bang bang bang bang I mean this guy's unbelievable 567 0560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line by the way if you're one of the sports nerd colors don't even think about calling their show Because we go trace the call and come to your home and just drag you ass off I mean that goes to show you were really scraping the bottom of the barrel when we start getting sports nerd colors on his highly rated show Which by the way, thanks very much Greg Reed for not acknowledging the phenomenal ratings on some of these shows here like in a midday any afternoon That's just the way I think it covering up for the deficiencies of that worst team show in the morning I think that's what he was doing since they were like on the ass end of the numbers Not the day they'd bad, but on the ass end So that was a lot easier to make bluff Lindsey see what ever he was of the month what was the word the what of the month? 1256 oh no Jesus right after lunch too. Oh, I guess what what did that thing say if you read the star your a Fag Yeah, just that he just he just happened to pick it up out in the hallway Yeah, he just ran into it It just blew out of the sky into his hands. Yeah, and the and a magazine too The May 11th issue of star here it is with that disgusting Celine pray for my obsolete Dion who makes me want to vomit I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna spend a lot of time on my hands and he's puking that is And here it is on page 10 Caramba it's Ricky Martin the hottest things since jalapenos jalapeno pepper peppers Yeah, he's been for what I don't know what he's doing no, he's the Ricky almost put your business in a sports style of heart drive roofing over 18 because of course he was to For the pedophiles of my night group And it rears was not done are probably seeing this song Oh, this is all I'm serious. Wouldn't you think can you just see one of those the drag routines speaking of Brazilians by the way Some guy would a silly wig doing this is like a put on the only the only differences. This is for real. He's serious He's serious Like they said in the godfather. It's business and this man is taken at personal This is a joke and they audience the people out there they're record buying public these silly women They're taking it serious like this man is really singing a song Oh Time to clean up your act Ricky make no mistake about it. It's time to clean up your carpeting. What a segue how about our friends? Did ride concepts That's good This And I dare not bite, and I think too much will. Whatever we go. And now I've drink a lot. Get out feeling great high. I've got to find a day goes. Make me as the bride. I reach out with my hands. And I'm saying how would you do? Really mean it. You'll have to do. So that's the time. I guess that's the bomb. How would you ask? The McQueen O's her mom. Now I'm so beratty. What a good figure. Yeah, I've been to the night with you. What a perfect day. Okay, we have one. One, two, five, six, and then get it to you. I'll follow that. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The important thing to me, we have many people calling today who we're earrings on one year on one sheet. Back to them somewhere. And they really don't know why. And that there's out the point that I made it. Interesting. You see what I'm telling you about how things in life all mesh together. That's what Jeff Cohen was telling me about things. Meshing together. But not necessarily those kinds of things. But they all it all ties in. Why we're an earring in my, I got one in my nose. One of my right cheek. One of my navel. One of my right nipple. One, I posted my tongue. Why? Well, I don't know. See, like a good idea at the time. Everybody else is doing it. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yeah. Can you play that Ricky Martin song? No, I can't. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Yes, sir. And everybody who's talking about the do. You know, you never thought one kid would go on and I would, about what you listen to the show every day is that what you said, sir. Yeah. You never thought, you know, when you put their goodness on, you say, where are you from, sir? You're from Jamaica. I call you from Cuba. Okay. Well, there you go. He said he's gay and he's Cuban. Well, that's a redundant, isn't it? 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50. That's why he listened to the show every day. He wants to get the gay news. He wants to have a gay old time. Madecone, Madecone, Madecone, Bing up, Bing up, Bing up, Bing up, I'm at a con. There are a few times. Okay. That's an equal. There you go. Limited vocabulary. Boy sure has a good look at her own. I like my favorite. Book at her own. It just rolls off your tongue, doesn't it? And the word to look at her own. Oh, man. Huh? I got what right now? Well, I got a look at her own. My nose ring. Two or three of them is a matter of fact. Crusty. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. First time, Carl Longtime, listener. All right. Funny is hell. Great show. I love listening to it. And these hot F traffic jams down here on 95. Listen, no. This place is a killer. It's the bulletin. Especially when the AC's not working quite as good. Hey, listen, I've got to learn a certain one. I haven't seen it. I just wanted to know what's not a sports show. But I have a couple comments for you. We laid a good game tonight. First of all, that Sullivan Little punk. He is going to get worked over well. Well, punk, a great Stevie Sullivan. You can see. You must be dreaming, man. Oh, you must be dreaming. You see how roll us and grab the stick out of his hand. And Stevie standing there like, where is the penalty? We're holding a stick. And it didn't bother calling it. So we said, okay, guess what? I'll tell you what. I'll go pick up the stick and I'll score a goal on that ship. And guess what he did. I just go and see me, maybe. That's what he did. He's 30 and Tiger Williams. We'll see today. I guarantee you, tonight. I'll play. Rob Ray will be on the ice. I hate to break the news to you, sir, because you're talking crap. What you don't understand. How many games is Rob Ray played in the playoffs, by the way? He set out a few. He played this. He set out most of the last part of the Boston series. He set out four games in a row. Just like Ty Dummy set out the last four games in the Pittsburgh Leaves series because, guess what, sir, there's no fighting in the playoffs. You can talk all the trash you want. But when it comes to the playoffs, it's skill. No doubt. Great goal, 10-y great defense, great score. That's what makes the playoffs exciting. Not a bunch of goons like Rob Ray and Ty Dummy. No doubt about it. Without Ray on the ice, the least knew that. And they were going to take advantage of those guys. By running a rookie goal, you guys play 20 minutes in playoff. Yeah. His whole career. The other point is that. Without. You get to get the career out of Ty Dummy. Okay, let's start scoring a few for those pro Buffalo fans. Come on. Without getting up. Without dropping a Catholic. Yeah. Please put up a pretty good game the other night. But also Leaves fans will pay the highest kick of price of any fans in the North America. And they will get scout hard tonight. And they'll all show up there. And you know what, it's interesting because even your prime fire fans are there on Empire on the holidays. Even they said when the playoffs series was getting ready to start after the previous series ended. And they said, well, gee, we're going to have those 2, 3000 people a game showing up in Buffalo from Toronto. And you know what they said. They said, at least give those people credit. They're willing to come all the way down. They're getting scout and pay them on it because that's what great fans do. That's right. Right. That's right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Totally cow errands coming. What was it doing if I had normal boobs to do, got out and find my CD? Who you get along when I freak out of the sun, to try to find my type thing, I keep keep keep on my get by with it, plants in my grass. I get down with it, plants in my grass. I don't have to try with it, plants in my grass. Did you know that you're a shark or a leaf, I don't have to pull my panties down? I'll take a picture in your body. You're not convinced and where I could find no. Can you see my just spreading your life? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer with a guy. And I'll hold you free with his justices. Now at least until I'm out of rehab 35, I get by with the plants in my grass. I get guys with their plants in my grass. I don't have to try with their plants in my grass. I'm used to the vegetable, and I'm used to it. He left through me by cherries, by cherries. I'm used to it. I'm used to it. I'm a guest, a kid, a kid, a kid, a kid, a kid, a kid. Okay, the careful note is to have a whole upbringing here at the end because they might first. There you go. Is that it? Thank you. Okay, one, fourteen, it's five, sixty, WQM. Here's a facts from our friends over in the West Coast. There's WFTX, cable channel four, UHF 36 and Cape Coral, Pine Island Road, Tele Corridicall. We've been getting calls on what he's going to be doing here, et cetera. Maybe we can build board him, sign Joey C. Well, of course, is on. And you know now they're calling seven, seventy, even though it's WWWC and other legal Colleagues, the Beastly Station. That you're hearing us over at the West Coast right now. Those four of you who are listening, they're calling it seventy, seven, two, a, n. Are you aware of that? Do you have any, do we have any understanding as to, no. No. Okay. But anyway, give us some publicity over there. Coral Sabin starts June, something about the first weekend. Do you have a channel four in Fort Myers? Nice going, Cori. Congratulations to anybody getting out of this horse and buggy. God forsaken dead as out through a funeral parlor of a place. This banana boat republic. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's an honest facts that says, I'm a hundred percent flaming faggot. And I hate repeat hate Ricky Martin. He sounds like he's pukey. And then the parentheses it says, but I would suck his, sign berry. Rimes with. Thank you, berry for your refreshing honesty. Okay. Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, yeah, I'm not on a mobile, but that's okay. Here's Fort Laterdale, line on a mobile. Okay. Listen, I saw something today. I just went in the channel. I went in the channel with our old favorite friends there at TVN. You're not going to believe this one. Yes, sir. They got a guy on the floor and he looks like one of these Elvis one of the televangers. Sitting at that castle or whatever they built out. I went that man beautiful yard there. Yeah. And he's warning people about why two K. Oh my God. And not only is he telling them being not coming out on the end is coming. You can feel it, can't you? Yeah, it's telling them to stockpile food and water, but I don't want to get you scared. Right. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This was unbelievable. I think they've been watching too many old Charlton has to move his. He's a friend. And he's offering them something called the family readiness checklist that includes all this stuff. And it's free of charge, but don't forget to cut in your love gift. That was a cap of it. Yeah, it was unbelievable. Well, there's coming to an end, but we need your money just in case it doesn't. You know, just in case. I think the guy's name is Steve Rocky got to see this sometimes. Okay, this was really far out even for them. Excellent. Thanks for the good news. Take care of me. Okay, I'll see you on the other side. Okay, when the world comes to an end on the year or whatever, it's going to be the Millennium. Let's argue about that. Once your 10 is 10 and 11 through, oh no, don't do that. I mean, I keep asking myself, why did I even waste my time with that four hours, but it's your kill the whole show that day. Getting these hostile facts is from all these very intelligent people as opposed to dumb like us. Here, all these much smarter than us people who have all the answers to everything. All we're sitting out here laughing at us stupid you are. Yeah. I know that if I have 10 apples, yeah. And then if I have 10 pear, there's a lot of food around. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and he's earring people. You know something? You're exactly what I'm talking about. And I don't mind the guy's got a little earring. There's no difference to me. What do I care? Some people it looks good. You know, I mean, when they get the big food loose there, it's me, it just starts looking goofy. And then when they got to the other thing, I mean, you walk into a store now. You walk into a drug store, you know, buy a bottle of soda or prescription whatever it is. And here's some wacko behind the counter. And she's got, she's got a little earring in her eyebrow. She's got one in her nose. She's got a bone to her nose. She's got a post in her tongue. She's got, I mean, unbelievable. She's got two or three in her hands. One or three in her hands. One or three in her hands. Well, what's the point? What is the point? What is the purpose? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, and let me ask you this by the way. Before they invented this thing where they put post in your tongue so you can get an infected tongue by the way, maybe die from it. Before they invented that, how did people have oral sex before that? Oh. Wow. How did people raise kids before they had all these people like Mr. Spock to tell everybody this spot, and Mr. Spock to point their ears in the right direction? How did they do that? But now, everybody's got to be just like everybody else. So yeah, let's stick our finger out the window and see what the latest trend is. And then we'll start doing it too. So we can be cool and hip and boring just like all these other assholes. Here's sunrise. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. Just move down here a couple of days ago. I love your show. A couple of days ago? Yeah. From where? North Florida. Well, I've been improvement. Well, I'm not much a one. Okay. You know, you're talking about sagging, everything. And maybe wonder this cop up in New York who just played a guilty to shit up in that stick up that guy. Yeah. Oh, you think he's maybe got a secret fantasy or a fetish or maybe he likes to hang around the old jailhouse all day and I'm personally laid at night. If he's not a saggy, you think he will be, but a time he gets out of prison? He sure might get some lessons. I'll tell you that. First of all, they find out who he is and what he's done. Exactly. I think the brothers would have a nice welcome in party for one. Amen. Okay, see you. See you. Oh, he's going to be singing at Beast Boys Remake in my room. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I hope I really do. I hope they get a hold of him and stick a real law. That's right. Crazy son of a bitch. Oh, he wanted to get power over it. It's got just an obnoxious, crazy racist son of a bitch. Like many of your police and they know that. You know, when you have the badge in the gun and you can act out your fantasies and do your thing, you notice how I didn't get one single response today. It's fascinating. I never meant why I did mention that one brief story about OJ. But about that thing about all the prejudice and bigotry, not one comment about that. And I wanted to now. So, okay, I appreciate the fact that at least you really do admit it and fess up to it. See, if I were a member of my authority, which I'm a member of a leastree that I can take of immediately, leave not sooner, I would know all about bigotry. And about being the target of it. So, it would tend to make me a lot more open-minded and less judgmental. But here's the lady in four mires. Hello? Yes, man. Here's Corey Sabin's first fan on Channel 4 and 4 mires. How are you doing? Great. You know, I am Colin. Why is that? Because you all talking about the earring thing. Yes. Why, so hopefully, don't worry, you're here in four mires. No, they do, but they wear them everywhere. And that's so stupid. Yeah. I think that's like a 70's thing on 80's thing where people that you've been gave straight in that of what year they were in. Yeah, I think if you're in your 70's or 80's, you can probably get away with one. Exactly. You know, so I don't think that's really an issue anymore. Like, I think a solo game is other indications. Yeah. I don't think earrings have anything to do with it. There's other indications? Yeah. What does that mean? Well, like sometimes they might have the flag on the back of their car. Rainbow flag, yeah. Exactly. You know what I'm talking about? Well, they might be reading men's health magazine. Probably. Right. What's star magazine? Or star magazine. Right. No, but you know what I'm saying? So the earring thing doesn't have it. And then, let's see, Ricky Martin. Ricky Martin. I'm from Boston. Okay. So Buffalo stocks. Do you know I hate Buffalo? I'm a ruined pet. Yeah. They're fucked too. But anyway, I love them. Are they talking? I hate a good year. What are you complaining about? They've done good. Really? Yeah. They've done a real good. Yeah. Oh, good. Well, that's good to hear. Anyway, Ricky Martin was killed when he was little. He was like a little star too, right? Yeah, when he was in Manu, he was a little bit. Exactly. I don't remember that. But now it's like, you know, this is not Donnie and Marie. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So he just needs to hang it up. Hang it up. He's hanging it all the young chicks are following them all the way to the air. I know that. But they don't know when he's out. Yeah. Yeah. They go like when they fall, we scare it. Can we? Wow. OK, I think now we're starting to get to the meet in the matter. OK, sweetheart, have a great day. Okay. See how to Cory for us. What's Cory? OK. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, alright. Alright. Here's for lady to report, Myers. You got a long way to go. You got a lot of work to do, Cory. Got a lot of work to get on the map over there in Fort Myers. Once you make it over there, of course, you can make it anywhere. Just like you, they say here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We don't pick right to Ricky Martin, all the money in the world. We hope you make billions, okay? But make it real soon so you can go away and leave us alone already. I'd like to be able to turn on my TV into a little channel surfing and just feel safe that in a two or three hour period, I won't see him once. Wouldn't that be great? Wouldn't that be, uh, right, like a breath of fresh air? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Hello? Yes, sir. I need a light to it. Okay. Okay, I just want to first time call her, but the long time I admire her. And ask your question, now the king goes, everybody money, groring my business in Miami. Don't make it. I'm going to get it to collect, you know, I think you all have to double a glimpse on the skin ball of our two. Yeah. And I want to see how somebody should do it. You know, you put Miami down all the time when he does it. And then I do it that. And then I do it that. And then I do it that. Okay, good luck, sir. Hold your breath. Inhale right now. We'll call you again from Ross P. Roll Hill, get it to your right to check. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Carl Springs, hello? Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. There's three things I want to bring up. Correct. And I hope it's not my breakfast. The first one is that every four years we have to have one of these songs that is really bad. And but everybody thinks it sticks to it like Lambata and Makarena. And now we have. And why can't you tell me that? Yeah. Well, they're terrible songs. They seem to make it big hits. So I guess we're stuck with this one for at least three months. Yeah, you're sure right about that, Makarena man. I was on the most annoying things in the next video. Lambata was there stupid songs. But women, I don't know. They like them. The next thing I wanted to mention is that if Ricky Martin is really wants to be famous, he should make a duet with the famous soft floor to sing her. Rick Sanchez would be Ricky and Ricky. Oh, that would be never going to happen. Halavine would be a little right. You're right. And the last thing I wanted to mention is that I had stories of somebody and mentioned that yet in Spanish, you've been missing for a mighty cone when there's women around and you don't want to use the bad word of my cone. You say, look, and any man who. Looking like you got a local means, look, no, look, anything, look, is a you've been missing for a mighty cone. But it's a nicer word. Right. Whether there's women around, there's like, oh, yeah. Around or we used something and you see a little message in there is what you're saying. You say look, that it is coming out the anthem. I would say this is Ricky coming out. Oh, right. Oh, right. Look at your local means, look at him. When you say look at the guy walking down the road, you say look at him. You say look at him. Look at him. Look at him. That's why it rhymes with boca. Right. Anyway, Neil, that's my material. I hope it threw some good. And by the way, I hope that O.J. Simpson dies listening to these three songs. OK. OK. OK. We just had the real story behind the story. OK. J.P. Watch yourself. Don't the do anything rash. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, a 60 on the 18 T wireless line. And don't be picking up the star anymore. Either please. That might have not been for your image. 1, 26, and 5, 60, WQM, let me tell you air and shit like this. That was a algor. All right. So we have never heard or seen it before. 4 years ago, you gave me your nominated to be by press. This is some crowd. I've been watching you coming back. I'm not a drain-off, y'all. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate for you. The Albord ders who want the locker room. Locker room. Locker room. Would you like to be it again? I'm going to move your ammo gun. I'm going to move your ammo gun. When you are alarm goes off in the morning, knock the rain. When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruits, locker room. Locker room. Locker room. Locker room. Did you get a person out of your one? No. It's not at 5. 60 WQM. So somebody faxes me a whole long thing here about this is a course from the internet. So you always raise three eyebrows when you get these things. About aspirate, neutral sweet. And some of us who are drinking just gallons and gallons and gallons of this diet soda loaded with neutral sweet, which we're all drinking right now, loaded with it. And I don't have time to get into this today. I think maybe some day soon after they put me in a box. And I've got a list of all these side effects that I've asked for to know how the government is like swept it under the carpet. Also, I wanted to bring up about the 4D TV. Big dish satellite receiver of which I'm allegedly getting one later on this afternoon. Having an install. I don't want to mention that rumors that one had talked me into what? But supposedly on a big dish, all this stuff has gone digital now. The picture is supposed to be tremendous and you've got 80 billion more channels. Just in the other, again, a flush and more money down the toilet. So maybe somebody knows something about that, but I doubt it. In the meantime, did we get any answers about the earrings? No, no. Because they don't know themselves. I'm not saying like you have to justify it to me or anybody else. But just that curiosity, where an inquiry minds want to know. What's the point? You know, what is the message there? As in, are you doing these things? What about men with jewelry in general? Like just a big gold bracelet? Well, that's Cubans. No. Cubans, how are you not in jewelry? You also did Jews don't wear all these gold bracelets and chains and crap? I don't know. But now, the way I'm going to wear Rolex watches that were given to them by Jordan Knight, some of them. Yeah. Yeah. One in particular, it's got a big office temporary. Jewish men were a lot of jewelry. I think only if their name is Junior. I never noticed that. Are you kidding me, man? The Latin men are doing that easy Romero thing. Are you questioning? They're the worst, but they're not the only ones. Just a few hundred cents a year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Davy, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a strategist. Great. I think the people you've bought jewelry were your interests and I can't say for yourself expressions. I mean, well, but what's the message? What do you mean self-expression? What does it mean? It makes them feel good, you know? I mean, that's why we do things. They think it's pretty easy. Maybe you feel good to put a post in your tongue? Absolutely. I mean, I don't have one myself, but I don't, I mean, if they want to do it and make them feel good and they're not hurt anybody. Why not? But if you put a post in your tongue and you like it in affection from it, you can kill yourself from that. I mean, I agree with you. They got to write to do it. I'm not questioning their right to do it. I'm just questioning their sanity. I mean, well, what is the point? Why do you want to deface your body permanently? I mean, at least like a nose ring or in your, those things are temporary. You can take them out of the AT&T. I mean, what? I tell you, I'd rather my kid have body jewelry or tattoo than to be scorned mentally by religion. Yeah. I mean, any day. I mean, what's that? One second, when you head to Silverwood. Right. I mean, at least when they grow up, maybe they could take the ear and yonder, where a long sleeve shirt, but at least they're brainest still working. Exactly. And another thing with religion, that hypocrisy with it, people that I was coming back from Seattle on the plane and I sat next to a lady who was religious. And I forgot to get a vegetarian meal on the plane. And this lady said to me, why don't you eat it? Why don't you eat it? Why don't you eat meat? And I said, well, it's a humanity thing. And she's pulled out the Bible and she started telling me, Oh, you know, dogly animals for us to eat. And all kinds of animals don't have souls and all this kind of craziness. And I told her, well, the ending of the conversation was basically, I would need if we could eat people just to get rid of them. Because there's this thing that you have them. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. Bye. 5605056 the PAN-56 the on the 18. How about do we still have to think that this book of burgers are made out of people? I think it's on a card. Not in here is it. Well, I would have been too right there, but they don't happen. Anybody eating any book of burgers lately? No. Any book of burgers? 5605056 the PAN-56 the on the 18. T-line and the heck old burger show with two. We got, what do we got? Kim Boke and for six o'clock and Captain Ten tonight. No Marlin game today. I think God for that. Okay. She must be beginning of the show. Bluff lens. It gets the employee of the month here at QAM from Greg Reed with a very embarrassing and humiliating and degrading memo to all of us. Basically putting all of us down saying QAM just had its best rating book ever. But saying that it was our program director who was responsible for it by showing up here being put in the schedules out. And having meetings with the various people, including some of our interns. Did you hear about that by the way? You're the one that told me about that. About the meeting that he had with JP. So JP was the one that told you about that. Yeah. I understand that. I'm just wondering if you were a pretty good evaluation. I mean it seemed to me. I could be wrong, but it seemed to me that certain people in this building, making sure that other people understood my sense of humor and weren't concerned about me. Maybe they better look in the mirror. You know what I'm talking about? You know what I'm saying? Do you have any idea what a, yeah. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. To start with Jesus was Pierce wedding? Yeah, he was. That's right. Never thought about that. I can't even know if you don't say that. You might start something new now. I'm talking about that. Drought by lightning. Oh my god. Right there in the palm. I was driving down the road a few weeks ago. I was over by a Hollywood gaming. I pull up to the light and the girl pulled up next to me. And first of all, she needed to act in the palace. She turned around. She must have 20 piercings on her face. She had the, that's all I wanted her to do. I wanted her to her whole man. I hate it. She had the like, you know this, spikes on the dog colors. Yeah. She had like five of those, picking out of each eyebrow. She had like 20 person on the face. What does she trying to say? She's trying to say I'm a freak. Did everybody else go on top? Yeah, we agree. I couldn't believe it. I call for a do spectrum. Yes, sir. They'll and Frank Kirk, you are do spectrum. All right. You know, if interesting and answered to them, which is known as one of the kinkyest cities in the world, and certainly if free as far as expression and being whatever whoever you want to be, there are, you know, some SNN people walking around with their leather outfits and some people with a studs in the colors, but really relatively speaking very, very few. And very few who stand out, you know, and there's some freak you look at people with a heart here and with earrings in the body, piercing it, but not really all that many compared to the number of people you see, you know, like the throngs of thousands of people, like on Queens, they were hundreds of thousands of people are an Amsterdam. I mean, most of them just look like ordinary, everyday of people. And yeah, every now and then you'll see an odd weird looking freaky looking. And that's it. But here it seems that that's one of the things that's happening. We have more and more people who want to go out of the way to look like freaks. And if you want to look like a freak, hey, that's great. So we'll still call you a freak and we'll fall down on the ground. We'll have following Kerry on and who'd tell him, I got what are freaks, you know? I'll look at that freak. Very nice. She's got back to rings and those rings and tongue rings and cheek rings and a bone in her nose, a bone in her back. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I got two things about that. That's about that. Paul, you were taking. How about all of them guys in prison? Are they really gay? No. They're just dead. They're lonely. How about a few way or underwear backwards with the hole in the back? Oh, definitely. Okay. There you go. 560, 560, Paul. I'd love you a Mormon. Maybe they just got him on backwards. That could be asked backwards. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Neil. God. I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kind of sad. I got my smile from all of my chest and my dad. I got a body like a driving range mat. When it's cold outside, you might just to hang your hat. I can slow in your ears if you're left there. But you won't notice me till I get some influence. I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and find his issues. God say I'm cute. This am crazy. I'm not wrong. You need your birthday. I've got a nice ass and so like kiss me. But I can't get a man because I got no titties. I don't want to be. The wonder of growth is something I can't afford. When you lay on me, you'll swear you're an diving board. When I turned 11, I started to get to know 24 and so waiting on my booze. You're saying to this am crazy. I'm not wrong. Who needs your birthday? I've got a nice ass and so like kiss me. But I can't get a man because I got no titties. I don't know titties. I've got no titties. I've got no titties. No titties. All right. 145 at 560 WQM. This is cute this thing. Thank you, Occasino Stan and get a life with you. From Dacob, Bangladesh, woman died after an Islamic cleric ordered her berry to the waste in mud and flogged 101 times with the bamboo cane for having pre-marital sex and inducing an abortion police at Thursday. All right. The Islamic priest said to do it and they done it. So here's a thanks from our friends in the Phoenix. Is this Phoenix where these people are? From Bob and Karen and Master TV and Phoenix, who everyone said while facts, they listened on the internet out there and it said, well, isn't this interesting to find out anything that's going on in the world? We had to either, like when the hockey talk, we had two guys from Toronto call them in from Canada. And now to find out about the 4D TV receiver for the big dish, I got to get a fact from Bob and Karen and Master TV in Phoenix, Arizona. Not from anybody here in South Florida, but from Phoenix, Arizona, who say, you will love the 4D TV. I'm a satellite deer here in Phoenix and if had one of my home pro verier and it's great, you can get both digital and analogue programming, lots of free digital music channels and on-screen guide. And we listen to the internet every day. Thanks Bob and Karen and Phoenix. I'd like to see you and thank you. Thanks that somebody out there in the world knows something about something. Which here, yes, you know, just a basic honest question about this whole earring and nose ring and body piercing and all these body ballies things. And can they answer the question? No. I mean, just not a curiosity. You just have them like idle conversation, you know, not the most important thing in the world. But what is it all about? What does it mean is what we're asking? We want to know, you know, just out of the curiosity. Oh, why are you doing these things? And they can't tell us. And you want to know why? Because most of them don't know themselves. Oh, it's a fashion statement, man. Here's a mobile important lot of day, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, you've got about a 4D TV. You've got about a year and you're definitely going to love it. Yeah. Now, the keyword is that you've got to get a basic subscription to HBO. And you won't believe this for it. It opens up all the HBOs, all the cinema, all the show clients, all the movie channels, on digital. And you don't pay for it. Really? Yeah. All right. I'm pop of that. You can also take, there's a satellite that codes up when you see it. So, you tune that to the same satellite that's called G9. And you get like five or six-spaper views at no charge. Great. Great. Stop. You're making a good move. Okay. Thanks. Okay. I'm going to go on. Thank you so much. Okay. There you go. I'm getting my 40 TV. We just went. I thought the big dish was dead. All of a sudden they pump a little life back into it again. So they say, I'll say, you know, I'll believe it. When I see it. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. And of course, you push up. Presented. They're still, you know, chucking along with your cable. Good luck to you. Okay. I can understand if you can't, if you can't get a dish. But if there are any other reasons, I don't know what they could be. Because being a prisoner of the cable is just a very sad thing. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I like the back pedal about 30 minutes. You brought up something about discrimination. Yes. And how you know, like since you brought that up, the fact no one can't tell anything about it. I brought enough for hours ago. And nobody's saying anything about it. Yeah. I've been listening to that. I've been driving down the road. I've been off and on my phone. So I would have did that way until I stopped. I gave you a call about it. You knew like, I think if I could, I can't. Can I clear a short story? Yeah. First short. Yesterday I was pulled over by BLT. And I couldn't find the registration of my truck. He, he arrested me and charged me with medicinal rest and not following his command. Okay. Through me and Jill. I got out about two hours later, but you know, we just hope going to be doing Yeah, because I couldn't find the thing. But after he put me in the car, my partner showed up and he found it. And he still took me to Jill. And it's like, I'm a black male. And I don't run around breaking laws. I work hard every day to take care of my family. And this is what I get. Well, because you live in a racist society. I don't deny that. But you know, that does, that does, that's not an excuse to hate all white people. No, I don't, I don't, I don't hate white people at all. I mean, it's just no matter where you go and what you do, you're going to meet somebody that's an asshole. Yeah. I mean, you know, I don't. And especially when you deal with cops, there are some good cops. And then there are a lot of more assholes who just, you know, they got for the person so they could act out there prejudice. Well, my first was a cop in a situation with some natural danger that's been sent down in Miami. Yeah. And she's right back up and I told her what happened and we're going to get a lawyer. And we're going to file complaints against this guy. They shoot, shoot their ass. Right. So whatever I can do, that's what's going to happen. All right. Good luck. Good luck. I mean, I'm not questioning that the racism is rampant to America. But does that mean that you start making excuses for murderers like OJ, or you start to, you know, lashing out with hatred at all white people or I just, and it's no excuse for it. And within the so called black community, if there is such a thing, there is so much incredible homophobia and so much anti-Semitism. And I mean, you, and then of course you get into the, within the different sects, you have the Jamaicans and the Haitians who hate the American and the black people and vice versa. And I mean, yeah, you know, what am I saying? Yeah. That's what I'm on to Virgesat. I thought that was going to come out just like, yeah. I mean, it's hopeless. If you want to hate everybody, it's real easy. You can come up with all the reasons in the world. I hate everybody. I mean, look at this place. Here's the mobile and dear field. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Good. Please put on baseball to a class so we don't have to listen. Okay. What is that? Your idiot called the nicer. I guess what? You know, this may come as a revolutionary shock to you, sir. But come to a clock if you don't want to listen to Hank, who's got a very highly rated show and do just great. Thank you. How about finding something else to do? Because intelligent people don't listen to radio stations. They listen to programs. Just like people don't watch television stations. They watch programs. Which I mean, really takes a lot of effort to sit there with your road control on TV and do a little channel surfing that even a three year old child can do. And even a two year old child could reach over and twist that dial around. Okay. And find something that they liked. And I noticed in Hank's coming on in nine minutes, you don't wait to nine minutes to call him and try to take your shot. You want to do it like the typical spinal piece of crap that you are for the 400th time behind his back. And I'm sure I'm sure it just wounds him to the quick. That you know like his show. I'm sure it just tears his kishki's out. Not because guess what, pal. We don't care. See your corner wrong station. You don't understand our model here at QAM is I don't give a shit anymore. Right. You don't like it? Love it. Tough crap. Tough bananas. We're doing just fine. We're doing great. I had such a good day here today. I'm good at it. I'm not even having a diary. But I'm going to start one. Dear diary. Oh man. Where do I start? What would you look at me like that for? Huh? This was a very uplifting day for me today. It was a good day. I was able to lift it right up. Oh. I had that burning and yourning sensation deep in my groin. I feel just like dominant kashik. I feel like I have a groin pull. And I haven't even touched it yet. Eight minutes before two at five sixty WQM if he knew.