What's the sport radio 560 WQAM Miami Ford Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower in more pound 560 on your cell phone the opinions of Neil his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily redact position or the beastly broadcast now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 QAF Lusting Garb on Edigaw on a wheat like to show you the new kind of fan thermometer from who with its gay bar tested technology genal band is an effective very happy police thermometer never again you need to want to stick with the thermometer in your mouth or a neuron because a gentleman is so fun to use it's never been anything like it's fast accurate what it is to bear when you want it my temperature still hasn't gone down new gentlezent thermometer from who with special patented don't ask don't tell insertion have maybe your husband was like or maybe not 10 or two at 560 WQAM so anyway which way is up and which way is down everybody in a audience who wears glasses boy this is who is that who are those people in there I can't even see the hell this he haha and you know something I must be living right I'll tell you one thing thank you must be doing a lot of things right I look it's all the context you know how I know you know what I'm sorry I know that was the nose was glowing like Rudolph but at any right so I must be living right because I'm sitting here this morning of course when you get to go on vacation tomorrow I like how many of us are uh it this is the perfect time for what's happened and I take my glasses off as luck would have it and I'm like cleaning them off and the lens pops out right in the counter here the lens pops out and there's that damn little screw in there everybody that wears glasses you know what I'm talking about come talk about oh yeah pain in the ass and oh I'm not getting contacts I've tried that once that's even a bigger pain in the ass they get schmutzie and they move around and they fall out and you rise get water in they get blurry and then you're walking around like which way is up and uh that's up forget it not for me but at any rate I mean glasses have once since I was 13 years old so that's about 80 years I'm used to them but it's just a general pain in the ass when and so I you know and Peter Leonard and ourselves department guide bless you Peter and where to how are you by the way so he happens to have one of those little kids with a little tiny screwdriver in the spare screws and all the eyeglass kid because he wears glasses so it comes rushing up here with the thing and I get the little screwdriver out and I'm which I've had plenty of practice screw in it and the this thing too and you know how you do it you screw this through partway in there your popular lens and then you tighten it up well the problem is that the lens the frames it's a stripped it's stripped we have an eyeglass emergency I'm going on vacation and here I've got eyeglasses that are like stripped a lot of things that people like to have stripped but not their eyeglass frames so in other words the screw wants to in there so now we got to find a place in Georgia's frantically calling all around so sometimes between now and like that would be the next hour the latest we got to find a joint around here the debt place ever called you back by the way the one you left the message on that supposedly opens at 10 o'clock you know what kind of a business opens at 10 o'clock in the morning I don't get that of course this is kind of a lazy place down here you know very laid back to deep south it's the summertime it's very hot it's tropical it's 100 degrees in the shade it's pouring down rain to be five minutes and as a result of all of whom it's kind of like the Italian idea you know in Italy we'll open up whatever we feel like it and we're good and ready and that will go take a net for a few hours and when we feel like coming back well let's you know that's how they do business so maybe we can find maybe somebody in the beginning because I don't want to burden the whole audience this isn't very exciting and I'm sure most of the people in the audience would rather continue you know I mean yeah I got some more things to say about that but it's so old and tired you know and by the way I must confess I can't stop watching channel for news and happy birthday to Duphlyn Z and Bob so for today how do you like that I would play the thing here but I'm not gonna I can't see anything well actually I'm near sighted so I can't see all the garlic close stuff the good stuff if I get a real close I can see it if it's a happy birthday Bob so far in Duphlyn Z you're not necessarily in that order and I can't stop watching channel for news and with the track last night and that silly goose Angela Ray who I think is losing it she's doing this poll and she cracked up not once but twice and just lost it in the second time it was like five minutes before they put it back on camera again she's losing it I wonder I wonder she's got a feather in her back though something huh okay to accept it you're welcome okay and who is that that stuff okay see he knows I can't see who it is so he's giving you a big song to dance I mean it's a yeah happy birthday not that we like you that much but you're okay but at any rate so I was at the same before he had disrupted the whole guy didn't think there I'm not such a role here about the channel for an Angela Ray and also the poll she's taken the poll is and and I thought to myself what a loaded quite no wonder she was laughing loaded question and then when you find out the result that's the amazing part the poll was you approved the coast guard's handling of the refugee crisis the other day and I thought Jesus that's going to be overwhelmingly uh no people are going to say no we have the pepper spray and the all the other so they had the results under this morning 72% said yeah and only 28% said oh how do you like that because all of the people who would have said uh yes we would have said no I will watch in 23 anyway boy so much more to say about that group so is there are any people on here that are going to fix my glasses by the way because I don't really care about anything else not that I want to sound selfish but that's all I care about right he told like 10 minutes ago saying that he was on his way up what do you do you get lost decided to set him like maybe a sales thing which God forbid that a salesman should be working on a sales thing or like stuff like that this is the number one priority I mean I hate to have to start ripping them now after he came up here with such a nice guy and I said I'd speak nice about him today even if he has been a controlling I mean see I don't know I don't understand this thing about his business he's on the phone this morning with Bob Green and he's talking to David Ross over there at queer channel I what is that is this like a fraternity or is this a business not interested in talking to Bob Green or David Ross don't take it personal Bob unless you want to but I mean no that's uh another say that have a nice day Bob you know that when I worked there I had nothing to say to him anyway of course that's the big story in town is that the planet is now history we had taps we don't have taps we used to yeah we would play it for the planet WPLL another was was that Ron of that came up with at one of those geniuses there at queer channel let's play Peter Bulls here yeah probably was Peter Bulls here the planet is history yeah and now 103.5 which used to be the great she of course which was the bedrock the centerpiece of FM in this market and then clear channel impacts of a first pack then clear channel but you didn't destroy it it was really taxing that done it and now it's gonna be WMGE just what we need it's gonna be uh 1974 to 81 old light rock pop well whatever it's got who knows what it's gonna be it says among those will be most often her will be Gloria Estefan and Casey and a sunshine band don't take it personal Casey you're okay but who wants to your music again as well as uh Motown Favorites culture club cool in the gang and Madonna oh man just what we needed another stiff well it was a stiff already they had like a one something in the last train that they finally said wow I don't think that's gonna make it let's blow it up and do something else let's screw it up with some other crappy format here's plantation hello hey Neil yes sir I wanted to put in my two cents on what happened on the cause of the other day I was I was down the stage I can't believe that you know a group of people that the best of the best that they send over here that running getting the office all they do is repulsive country and take our tax dollars and you know put it back to whatever court and how come there is a one politician or one media outlet other than a few of us on a i'm English language radio and fn a few of us how come nobody else is saying one thing about you know this isn't the way to solve your grievances is to type the whole town nobody has the guts to say that well no that's like we want a bunch more people like just come over here and what are they taking over brown next is third of the traffic on 95 right it's just kind of a big hit a lot baby that's what it's all about gridlock well that's all I had Neil okay thank you sir have a great day nobody's calling about my glasses and the people didn't call you back you better call those people again you try them the ones that open a ten o'clock right around the corner here on my me garden is dry okay try I mean everybody is this really like a major deal because like even if I have to get new frames doesn't bother me I've got the big bucks I'll spring for a new frames and Peter Leonard who was on his way up to your twenty minutes go is turning into be less and less of a good guy every minute now is time goes by here comes in this morning no problem whatever you want just sucking around sucking around looking all over my body parts I mean just like a wild man and I got nothing going on today I'll be more than happy to take those I mean see time is of the essence here this is not turning into a time thing because if I have to leave here a two o'clock will be silly shades that JP gave me I mean it'll look pretty interesting but I won't be able to see a goddamn thing you don't want to say I stand well for by the way you're Roger's god They will then go over 103. The Robert Conner has been the first to be the first to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the the second to be the second to be the first to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the first to be the second to be the second to be the third to be the first to be the second later to be the third to be the second to me the second to be the first to stop me because always the first and once again the first to be the second to be the fourth to be the second to be the second to be the first and once again the first to be the second and could��도록alze to the second to be the second to be the second to be the second to be the second and ecosystems that come over. The Euk � our center of the garden and everything else can be the second to be the second to live with him. Full of effects, some of them just can replace them What the reviews in that movie are just unbelievable. But anyway, so speaking of that, the nettube comes in at this morning and they just won't stop doing this to me. The QAM van will be at the Amico gas station at 2105 Viscaine Boulevard in North Miami Beach today from noon to 1 and they'll have lots of QAM goodies, whatever that means. And wild, wild west movie stuff to give away for the people to stop by. Whatever that means also, I haven't got any idea. But it's free crap. 210th in Biscaine in North Miami Beach noon to 1 to the QAM van. Look for it and go help them if you want and give them a bunch of, you know, get some free crap. So I guess we're not, this, this, this to me, this is the tip off. This is so difficult the way business is done in this town. So we get the yellow pages, which was an easy by the way finding a current yellow pages in this building. I mean, it's just a radio station that, you know, the fact that we're in business don't confuse us. And we finally find an, oh, yellow pages and we're looking under opticians and for a place that might be close by here to get my glasses fixed. And there's a place like right around a corny, right? Miami Gardens Drive, like a major part of a chain. And they got to be courting George leaves them a message. They open a 10 o'clock. He's calling them at 930. Not only don't they call back, but he's now calling and calling and calling. Are they very yet? No, only 10, 17 in the morning. See, this is the way we do business in this town. Like I said, it's kind of like in Italy. Whenever we get around to opening, maybe we'll open up. Maybe we won't bother opening it all. Maybe we'll just go fishing today. Maybe we'll take off and go demonstrating in block a few streets up. I have no idea. Did they ever get in? Did they ever call back? No. However, yes, lens crafters will do what I call like I'm smoking the four people already. And everybody says the same thing. And we have to see it. We can promise anything. Okay, that's what I just said. Bring it in. We'll do it right now. Okay, and the meantime, where is where is Peter Leonard? Let's get a few way. I'm search party going right now. It is now a quarter after 10. See, I don't want to stay in the little bit nervous about this. But time is of the essence. When it's crafters, it's a name. We know they can know their stuff. If we got a spring for new frames, no problem at all as long as they fit the lenses, I don't care. But let's see where this man is who came in at this morning and hour ago and talk to the big game. He has gone in just an hour from being a really good guy to an invisible guy. 20 minutes, 25 minutes ago, he was on the way from the second floor up here to the third floor. Maybe elevator got stuck. You think so? Oh, maybe he got lost in the hallway. That could be a. Peter, some time this month would be good. Okay, let's not make this into a real nippent tuck adventure. I'd like to be able to see the other side of the wall sometime before noon would be good. God. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, new homing, ginger. I just wanted to comment, thanks. You could use my life. Yeah. I was in my car. It was about a week ago and you would then to show a while back where you were talking about waiting at the intersection before you take off. Right. Right, don't ever trust him. No, and usually I do, I just take off and I have a set too and you go really fast with intersection. So I got to some light and I turned on my radio to your show and you were talking. So I was just thinking about what you had said about not taking off. Right. So the light changed and I waited and the guy next to me took off and somebody ran the red light and slashed with the guy. Nice. It was awesome. I do like that. Don't ever always assume the worst. I mean, I hate to say that. Well, you're driving down here always assume that they're going to do whatever the worst is. Don't ever trust any of them. No, it's awful. And I couldn't believe it. I was like, oh my god, you saved my life. Oh, God, I just wanted to say things. You went on until I wanted to say forget all the politics and everything else with the Cubans in the street. I was stuck in that traffic and I had to pee so bad that I never thought about that. I got sick from it. I was sitting in a tricard for a report. And you know something, if you would have gotten out and tried to squat there next to the truck, I would have read that. They would have arrested you for peeing in public. That's right. The PIP peeing in public police. Exactly. Okay, so we don't have to say. Okay, thank you. See you. There you go. Yeah, I mean, there's so many different aspects of that whole thing. Why doesn't anybody, like in the newspapers, anybody on television have the balls to say, look, if you want to protest in front of the Coast Guard, you want to go down in front of the INS, not on the streets, but like on the sidewalk, they're all needed Georgia's got a bag over his head right now because he's so embarrassed with this Cuban thing. You know, fine. Fine. If you do it peaceably and you do it in a place where you're not disrupting the rest of the community and pissing everybody off and disrupting everybody else's life. And I'd like to go to the call to your yesterday. I said, what did the people that you were tying up there on a junior title of the carfax, wherever he was, what did they have to do with your problem? Nothing. Oh, well, there's an interesting. How come you weren't thinking about that? What and not only that, but what can, oh, what we're going to get your attention as if, as if in this community, this story that was covered historically by every local television station for hours and our instillers today is if they hadn't gotten the attention and is if Lincoln D.A.'s ballart and Ilyana Gross late in the nullies other pandeers, no matter how the Coast Guard would have treated these six people. As if this wouldn't have been, blah, blah, blah, blah, 24 hours a day. So, don't give me that song at a dance. We had to get somebody's attention. There has never in the history of the US been a group of people who have been so catered to, so pander to, so coddled, given so many exceptions to whatever the laws are, the laws of this for everybody else, but we'll make you an exception. And it's always, well, you know, you're always the VIA PIGs, some other guy that I'm excuse. How long have we got to keep hearing that from 40 years ago already, okay? It's old and it's tired and it's got nothing to do with, and then the best part of the whole deal is I'm sitting there at the track last night, but really early, I get there six or clock. I'm watching the local news. And we've got this group of old getkeys on there, about 500 year old, there's Peter Leonard Tank out of Tony's a good guy, so far. And there on there talking about, wow, this is only the beginning. You see, like many people said yesterday, when you cave in and you keep, you know, cave into people's demands, they say, oh yeah, well, this is working. Let's keep it up. Now, where is I've got 50,000 different articles I've clip down here, but where is the one that's got the name of this group? Just, oh, and of course, the smuggling story would not have to post the mention that these guys were in real good shape, and that a lot most people are thinking was, you know, smuggling, bringing the cut on the word where they were, which is what usually goes on. Oh, yeah, and you're not supposed to say that. Oh, here it is. The Huntup Patriotica Cubana, and a brother group that encompasses 150, 6x0 groups, is planning a large protest again on Saturday to condemn the US policy toward human immigrants. They released no specifics on the event yesterday. Authorities angered the exiles by publicizing their suspicions that the six refugees had paid smugglers to guide them into US waters the men denied it. But they were a pretty damn good shape for guys that were supposed to be out there at sea, and they're a little robot for God only those how many days? No, no blisters, no sunburn, not me real bad sunburn, no dehydration, clothe nicely in the whole deal. Real good shape, for guys who are supposed to be a drift at sea, wandering their way up here for days on end. And all you have to do is say something that doesn't, you know, it just doesn't smell right flavors. Oh, boy, well, we're going to show you again on Saturday. It's unacceptable. I don't give a crap how many of you assholes on television and in the newspaper both newspapers today of course, the Harold and the Suncennel with editorial, the Suncennel just barely mentions the disruption of the protest, but nobody condemns it. Nobody has got the except like I said for a few of us on a radio. Nobody's got the condensers, obviously. This crap has got to stop. These people, like, whose lives you're destroying have got nothing to do with your grievances, whatever the hell they are. God, what does it take to convey? And this business, and they, last night, they say, okay, they're, they're, they're INS, they're greased these guys can stay here. Hallelujah, okay, is that good enough? No, that's still not good enough. We're going to continue doing more and more and more until whatever you just came in. And like so many people have said and right on target, if this would have been a bunch of Haitians protesting the immigration policy to the Haitians or if it would have been a bunch of black people protesting anything they might have been a pro or anybody else. Just like what Castanova said, I'm letting those people over on for a little of Havana yesterday and they're blocking off traffic. How do you like it now? And here come the cops along if you don't get out the streets, we're going to throw your ass in jail. So, I'm not only do we have separate immigration policies and also it's of other policies and exceptions for groups of people and it's down. And we have politicians including Mayor Penis who are the mayor only for certain ethnic groups in his town. But also we have law enforcement for certain groups of people in this town. If you happen to be Cuban, you can go out there and do whatever you want on the streets, basically the message you're sending right now. If you're pissed off and fired up, but if you're not and if you're even like Puerto Week in you better cut the crap because when I got to put up with it, you're actually in jail. They should have brought every damn the riot police, everybody necessary and cleared those then this was a potentially life-threatening situation the other night. And instead of caving and caving and paving and pandering all the time, they should have one time said, hey, guess what? We got a lot to jail cells. We're going to fill them up with all you assholes because this isn't the way to run a railroad. Not going to tolerate this. But the problem is all the rest of us here in San Florida, we got nobody. We have nothing. There's no constituency, man. We got no spokespulchman to go to bad forest. While every other politician town is bending over backward and hyperventilate and you try to you know, the wind the most brownies suck around points. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm Daniel. Yes sir. Down in Andrews in the Broward Boulevard, it's Fort Lauderdale and there's a guy out here with a big ol' fine thing and send all the Cubans back in the new station is here. I don't know what kind of reaction we're going to get from it for some of us. It looks like a lot of people stop it and help with them. It's one guy. Yeah. It's fine. Okay. That just shows you how the white people all stick together. That's then then give it back. Okay. Thanks so much. Send it back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pops. Sturged by the way as you wish Lobby and he didn't want to tell you but that's kind of embarrassing. It's not, you know, one of the most popular ethnicities and they've had all those problems over there recently. So, Serbian, thank you very much. Barbarian. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes sir. Going back to what you said a few minutes ago. I still advertising in this town and I can't tell you how many people say their ads don't work. Yeah. You shouldn't they're calling you know, four or five different ads and nobody can, you're looking to spend your money and nobody can accommodate you. These people spend thousands of dollars on advertising. Right. They don't answer their phone and they open up whenever they want. How do you like that? I mean, this guy, these people, what was the name of this place by the way, George? The one that isn't open and doesn't return your call. He did. The real case. I mean, you see those optical places all over the place and I'm not choosing him as long as it's a name that's what we've heard of before. It's just an emergency situation. Give me some things they're going to stick together and that's it. You're ready to spend the money that you can't spend it. Right. That's just my point. This tab sucks. Right. Okay. Thank you. Well, if it's like the time that I wanted to buy the DMCD thing, well, you know, Boca Bryant from our friends up. What was the name of that joint? Can't remember the name of that place because I never heard of it before. The CDM, good year fan something or whatever the hell actually. The SNS. Yeah. Yeah. Ashore. That's dumb. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, we can't leave the store without paying. And then he can't, I mean, I had 75. I mean, they know who I am. Okay. There's somebody over there who's a fan of mine in the store. Yeah. But we have store rules and we can't take Brian seconds. He did that beat. We can so fine. You know, by the time we got through with that sub song, it had answered production. Like the guy says, you're trying to spend your money. But oh, well, we can't do it that way. Okay. But without your ask, you know, same ass. Oh, boy, it's great having these shades on and taking them off. Like, oh, wow, look at that. You're hard out, Pete. Both here. Cause starting this Monday. Oh, I'm on 560. WQAM. It's the old Jason water, Nazi and Roy. Foster show. 60. JNAM Monday through Friday. Only on 560. WQAM. You, A, yeah. 50. Bulletin. Bad rage. 60. WQAM. Okay. Come down. Speaking of the old, jade by the way, it's interesting. Cocoa club. I'm trying to keep him. It's an out is what it's. And also Jose Land Beat in his marginal South Florida in side of column. This one, which I do read because they're mighty occasionally. Be something we want to talk about on the air. Says Jackie Nesparall has in common with the politically connected mob builder Michael Swordlow that they both live in Cocoa plom in their terrifying that their property values will be going. I don't think they have to worry about it. Be going down. Because I don't think O.J. be going to move in in there. Because the residents, they're overwhelming. We say, do they want them there? No. No. And if and when he fills out the application and pays us seven grand to try to get in there, they're going to all say, no, sorry. You're so see, he's going to say, well, we did a personal second, a credit check. We're not too crazy about murderers moving in here. The answer is no. Right. Go moving with. We're going to play that clip because let me set this up for a second. Because I'm beginning to discover we've got the anti-neal. See, and it's interesting. You're like in this trend that came out the other day. The morning. See, my show and Hank show. Uh, evidently there's no crossover with the morning show. Because there seems to be like, yeah, when I go out, Hank goes up a little bit. He goes down a tent. There seems to be like some carryover between 10 and 6 p.m. But the morning, if they're like in a room separate world, I got their own agenda. And even though they had all those viral diaries in this last trend, and that phone he liked the listeners here, which made it look like they went up and they really didn't, but nevertheless. So whatever Neil says in the morning, it's like, we're going to be the anti-neal. Including some of the people that were kind of show. I don't want to mention Donny B because up till I heard that he was kissing Chris Moore's ass. And going out about how great Chris Moore was. I thought he was a pretty good guy. You know, never stole a furry tree. Not great, but okay. Now we're finding out that he's an asshole. Yeah. And here's another example of five six seven zero five sixty. Tole free in South Florida or pound five sixty. If you're a mobile one customer driving around this rain once again. Yeah. And there he is. Rick. The man. Yeah. They love him in there in the morning by the way. Yeah. He goes in and see he's not that's why he don't have time to be servicing these accounts in here. Like the one that's billated 1169 to eight that piece of comic. It's getting close to a year old by the way now. But one of the came here and stormed around and made the big semist last time I kicked this freaking ass out of here a couple of weeks ago. Haven't seen him since. He don't have time for that because he's busy. Schmoozing with the morning guys in there including Donny B. It's unbelievable. I mean, we always thought Donny B was a good guy to last couple of weeks. Then we find out he's an asshole. How do you like that? I mean, the beast we like him. Uh huh. Tommy. A great guy. Jason. Now Jason was a good guy to last started. You know, sucking him out too much for food the other day. That was a little bit over the edge. Believe me. You don't need it. Sweet heart okay Jason. Off the food. Michigan couple launches this week. Wouldn't be a bad idea. In fact, every week. Couple of young kippers a week would be good for our station. All of us. But suck it up to Tom Greck. I mean, this is like, yeah. He demands you demand. That's the thing, Nick. Rather than taking care of his is he runs around a building, Steering up crap. He's the anti-neal. Tom Greck. And there's one of his disciples. Donny B. And a whole morning crew. That's all he talk about. I came in one day earlier in the weekends. Like, oh, yeah, that Todd Greck. You really got him side kind of like he's a he's worth talking about. Todd Greck. No. Go on and sell something. Go sir. He's like service in account. Get some real copy in there. Give us some feedback. And what's going on? It's that I just run into prom being a professional crapsisturber. But that's a QM win. Do I really care about it when you come right down? No, I just mentioned it in passing. Of course. So Donny B. He's an asshole. Yeah. Very disappointing. A bitter blow in a bitter disappointment. A guy that we thought was like on our side turns out to be a piece of Dreck. Oh, sorry. Did I say Greck? 560, 750, 560, Tom 560 on a mobile one line. OJ, a Cocoa Plum people vow to keep him out. We say, oh, Louis, you're for a bunch of people live over there that are willing to stand up for what's right. They want to guide them murder in their midst. What are we going to do about those murderers in our midst? Don't say Grello's. Now, it's interesting, by the way, speaking of this, Timis, they went on here two days ago. Flurry of negotiations, the fused standoff, and it goes on here to, in the Harold, Karen Branch, writes one of 72 different articles today about this business. None of which, by the way, none of them condemning anybody for going out and disrupting the whole town, and the holding of county hostage, which is basically what they county. It's been held hostage. You know, if you do it our way fine, if you change the laws, by otherwise we're just going to screw up the whole county. Everybody's life is, isn't worth a crap. But it's interesting. He goes on to talk about how they end and negotiate with this Ramon's a Saul, Saul, or Sanchez of the democracy movement, whoever the hell he is. But it says, anatomy of a protest, a Coast Guard captured televised lives, spurs, veteran street leaders to seize the bridge and rush hour, a divided by a spontaneous swell of hundreds, directed to the scene by exile radio broadcasters. That was just what I said the other day. They get on the Spanish language radio station. It sounds and it smells just like Mary, all over again, when they were doing the same irresponsible. Oh, get your boats go to the chore, go to the beach, go to the beach, and get your boats and bring all these other escum bags that are going to send it over to murderers and criminals and the mental patients. Bring them in here. Is that okay? And like I've said before, they can they can cause civil disobedience, they can do anything they want, and the FCC pays no attention to anything they do. Because like the old bumper stickers used to say, this is Miami, the rules are different here. We'll do whatever it'll be want. And they do. And even later on in the article, it says, over the next hours, after the Sanchez got going and they're to try to negotiate the end of this whole thing and get these people off the road. It says over the next hours, this is even after they have been told that these guys were not going to be sent back. Over the next hours, hundreds more protesters gathered, urged on by ex-al radio hosts. And this is the history of this town. It's always been that way. It's the same old. Over and over again. And nobody wants to talk about it. They just go on in the course. The only thing we heard about is the Coast Guard, and they were excessive violence and brutality. And how did they with the pepper spray and spray it with the water? And it's like I said, the channel for poll 72% of the people said, they thought they did their job. They were doing a good job. I have no problem with their day handle it. Only 28%. I mean, that's just barely more than a fourth of the people who are responded. And you know, emotions are very high about this. My only criticism is, when the Coast Guard saw that the TV choppers were there and this was all on live TV. Probably they could use the hell of a lot more restraint and done a better job. Knowing how high emotions and how historical people in this community get over these all these things. That's my main criticism is that once they saw that the cameras were there, they should have used the hell of a lot more restraint. But nevertheless, that's a separate issue. That's a separate discussion and debate. And you notice yesterday they were in there on a carpet wash. He did Lincoln, D.A.s. ballard, looking D.A.s. and Ilyata Gross, Layton and Rosanna Dana. They were in there and they had them sitting in there in the office. And I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not . . . . but I'm not how dare you do this. And they're all participating in making their little speeches. And on a floor of Congress they're all in there going, I don't even know what I mean. Yeah. Whatever happened to law-biding people, I mean, whatever happened to like just living your life, you know? Without having it disrupted and turned to a pile of crap. By autocontrolled people. And again this morning, watching more of the footage, it was almost all young people who were involved in this crap. Not the old people that I've always been. And that's always been the excuse. Oh, it's just the old domino players in Domino Park. No. I got that on hand, Honier. Get away and feel the release, smell the fresh sea, taking the unparalleled experience of Cuban lasting on big, latic, it's like a vacation, away from your troubles, your life back home, your disgiver on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. Unproductive, breathtaking, life threatening, Cuban lasting on big latic, will your way to something better? Roll faster. No faster. Here come the shark, scatter on much faster than an animal. Roll damn it. Pay for it by the US Navy. 1045 and 550 WCM, Jim Mad Dog, man, it's sharp. Michael Hanko, Bert, was on his way to Vegas today. Of course, he'll be off for a great vacation. Hank, he'll be on your front Vegas tomorrow by the way, man, I'm vacation on next week. Then what do we got? Can I see that far from here? We got talking baseball with the watchers name at 6 o'clock. 630, the Metzany, a Marlon pre-game in the game that I did 7 o'clock, another one. Nice going, Marlon's last night. I'm curious about that, of course not. So anyway, this time continues to take it up the butt from people who just, oh, that's going to come in great. That's going, Jeldy. Huh? In fact, that's where we hear Donnie B likes it to best. Up the butt. No, no, don't pick on him too much. Just because he likes, uh, an asshole. There's some guys that like the old Brown Eye, you know? Maybe he's like Torreck, then maybe that's his hero. He likes Chris Moore. He's big in this guitar, Greg. Maybe Donnie B just, you know, has a problem. Up the butt. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the mobile one line. Just something the way Jeldy says these things, you know? Up the butt. Yeah. What a certain tone. Here's a Davie. Hello. Oh, like I said, the girl. Well, I'm surprised, like Davie from here, from 100 inches away, yes, sir. Uh, let's go to Coconut Grove speaking, yes, sir. Okay, let me put my little two cent on the head. I certainly don't condone the Cuban demonstration. Yes, but you and your coders act like the Cubans burn down a federal building. A very different degree is a civil disobedience. This was a very different degree. I think it's a very different degree. It's a civil disobedience. This was a very different degree. A civil disobedience. This was a very, very minor form of it. Let's get real. No, sir, when you disrupt traffic and you jeopardize public safety and people's lives for hours on it, there were some people stuck in these traffic jams for five hours. Well, I'll get to that in a second if you permit me. I think what really bothers you and your callers is that the Cubans get away with this cocky and arrogant behavior. And you like your Hispanics to either be completely assimilated or dumbed off. No, no, no, sir. Let me say this to you. I like all people. Not to, don't tell me what I like. I like all people that have consideration for everybody else. Okay. If you've got a gripe, take it to where it belongs. Okay. Take it to the people who do something about it and don't disrupt the life of everybody also in the community. Whether your Hispanic or anything else. And don't keep saying his panic because it wasn't his panic. It was Cuban. Not his panic. It wasn't Argentinians. It wasn't Venezuela. It wasn't Puerto Rican. It's a Cuban thing. And you know that is what is I didn't listen to me very carefully. I said that you liked your Hispanics. How do you know how I like my Hispanics? I've got a medium well. That's how I like my Hispanics. You like your Hispanics. Okay. You only should know how I like my Hispanics. Young and hung. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. So I want an asshole man. Just unbelievable. It wasn't that much of a big deal. And you like your, yeah, right. We like people. Like I've said before, who are decent people who have a little bit of consideration for everybody else. That's the way most people, most rational, reasonable people would agree with that. It's not any kind of revolutionary statement I've just made. But again, in trying to defend undefendable, indefensible actions, you're trying again, point to think me and my callers. And everybody doesn't agree with the world. I've seen through your eyes. Okay, sir. And the fact is that the people in this town, I know overwhelming a favor to take a pool. See, instead of taking a pool about the Coast Guard thing, which I'm shocked at the result of that pool, if all the TV station were to take a pool on the civil disobedience and block on the traffic and risking people's lives on all this other bull crap. And in addition to what nobody has really thought about what the potential for unbelievable violence was there with people getting stuck on the roads for four or five hours. What was that that you were having a nervous breakdown about? One of my brothers. Oh, attacking me for what? For having a problem with people blocking traffic. I'm anti-cubing because I don't think people should block traffic. Let me just tell you this. You know what the answer is? There you go. Right there. Quick dial tone always works for me real fast. George is back with the bag over his head. This was like Cuban bag. Yes. You know, we're not interested in those of you who think that this is a, this is a satisfactory solution to your solving your grievances is to blocking traffic for hours on end and putting people at risk. That's not the way that the real world works. Especially when you've already gotten your way, we've already got these six people have been allowed to come in here. Very good possibility that we're smuggled in, but don't confuse people with the facts. And only say those things that we want you to say because we believe in freedom, but only if it's our freedom. Freedom to disrupt everybody else's life. Horsecraft, horse balls, that's what it is. And you can keep arguing from now till the end of time. The fact is the overwhelming majority of people in the IQ figure in a ball bearing they're not going to agree with you because they know that's not the way people's lives are supposed to work. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Thank you for telling it how it is. Especially with the Cuban thing. That previous caller is the epitome of assholeism. Yes. I mean, to say my asshole. My nurse civil disobedient. Yeah. I saw the takes on the pulmonary expressway in Hi Alia. They were breaking windows. Yeah. I don't know if you saw that. I don't know what they did. I'm listening to you. Anyway, to take it a step further, the Coast Guard risks their lives every day to protect the borders of this country. There was something there was a young girl. And we were out of view saw this one. She had a sign. It says the US Coast Guard kills Cubans. No, the US Coast Guard is like Castro. I saw a sign. I was like, you know, she had one that said the US Coast Guard kills Cubans. How many thousands of Cuban vote people haven't saved by the US Coast Guard? By guys going out there in a high sea, risking their lives to save these people who are, you know, doing their best to get here. Well, what are these people talking about? It's selfish, a third world mentality will not go away. And that these guys risked their lives every day against a criminal element that's trying to come into this country. Everybody knows that the Cuban mafia runs the drugs in here to South Florida. It's not the Mexican who does not the Colombians. It's the Cubans. They do it, but they don't fast up to it. Right. It's only about the Jamaican. You don't want to feel of that. With the good stuff. Okay. Yeah. Boy, I'm jaggin. I think I'm jaggin over that call a couple of calls back. That guy was unbelievable. Yeah, you like your Hispanics. Yeah. I'll take it out. I like my Hispanics. I'll draw you a picture. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And don't keep saying Hispanics over and over again and keep trying to lump everybody else in because I guarantee other non-cubinistpanics resent that bitterly. Because they're not the ones to keep disrupting this community and carrying on like a bunch of banches and heat every time. Just like this thing with a guy with his little rickety boat a couple months ago, which it makes reference to in the these 80 to 100 stories in the papers again this morning. Oh, he didn't get his boat back. We're going to like, you know, just keep tying up the town. You know, it's got to reach the point. I hate to break the news here, but it's going to reach the point when nobody's going to go to date County anymore. But everybody with a brain is going to move out of date County. And I can all have it. You know, here you go. Have a good time with it. Go and block each other off on the streets. Which, of course, on a Palmezzo, by the way, I hate to break the news to you. But who are the majority of people living at area? Cubans. So nice going. Your fellow. You're so worried about your fellow brothers, but if you happen to make them late for their work or whatever it is, they were going to late for dinner or late for something important. Or maybe on the way to the hospital. Maybe some woman is in, you know, on the board. You're having a baby, she's in labor. Don't worry about those things. Don't confuse us with the facts. Those are your neighbors. Go out there and screw up their lives. Because you want to have a party in the streets anytime you feel like it. Oh, yeah. They had hundreds of punks out there. That was the thing in the Palmezzo, the radio. It was a game. They had a gang out there. They decided to be a good time to go out there and throw the rocks in the bottles and break some windows and kick some ass. Great. Nice going. Spanish language media. Really doing it, baby. And like I said, if we were to go on here, which we wouldn't do. But if we were to go on here and spur something that caused civil disobedience, you'll beck your sweet ass. The FCC be here in five minutes. And there'll be all kinds of formal complaints. And they'd be on every day media outlet in this town. We'll be screaming and pointing the fingers. And all how dare they be condemning us like crazy. But they're so goddamn terrified. Go open up a mouth and say something. Either that or they're just so goddamn stupid. Or maybe both of the above that it just goes on and on. On repeat it and it's just never stops and like you saw. Like so many people said yesterday, you give people their way and you cave in and they're, oh yeah, well that work we're going to do some more of it. They got big plans for this weekend. So if you're smart, we got the holiday before the July holiday. Maybe everybody get out of town for the weekend. If you're smart. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think the Cuba's get well. Can't hear you, sir. The Cuba's get more treatment than the others. Yes. And also, if that was like other like Asian American, Asian American or African American, anybody else, African descent, protest in the streets like that. And I'll be in jail. Yes, especially like that. And also with the immigration policy towards, so it's like, Haitian Americans, with the Cuban thing. I think that immigration, I and that's whatever they call them, it's so racist. The Cuba's will get the same either way. It doesn't matter if a Haitian comes dying on the feet, they let them die. Yeah. But when the Cuba's come floating on the feet, they get, coffee, coffee, a little bit of a call that thing. And also, yeah, I think that was the first thing they brought these six guys here. Yeah. Yeah. Here's a coffee, a Laché. Here's some cash. Here's a visa. Master here's a driver's license. Here's a little brown toy. I have a question. Why? Why does my seem no black Cuba's come washing his feet? Why does my seem all the white Cuba's who? No, we've had plenty of black Cuba's who. Oh, I don't see. But it's something they say that they're Cuba, and especially like, you know, like, Laché Laché, they like him. They think they play baseball or okay. That's a, this is what they do. Yeah. It's a black Cuba, one time I remember when a black Cuba had came washing the feet. They thought there was Haitian. You can see how I and that's all racist. Yeah. I know I didn't even know and since it's so. I think that it was, I and that's immigration, immigration, no, naturalization, and so I was going to call them. It's so racist towards people of African descent. That's the American fucking wing. Okay. Good luck, yes, sir. God bless you. 5.6705. 60, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know if I was on sent home, but the amazing thing about it. One of the articles and it just kind of matter, exactly stated, one of these guys came here a year or two ago. Went to Arizona, worked in Arizona for a year. Went back to Cuba, I guess, through Mexico because his mother died or something. They could get on a raft two weeks later and came back. Yeah, so second time is the term, right? Unbelievable. You know, so as I say, well, maybe things weren't as, you know, a hospitable in Arizona as they will be. When I said to myself, it's, you know, what did they get? Can't have an underground railway or was, you know, I believe. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. Yeah, but don't confuse people with the fact. This is just like the freedom for the courageous freedom flow Tila. And I mean, and during those times, the rest of us, isn't here pull our hair out. What are these people in the media talking about? They're turning this time into a toilet. Castor is just unloaded all these thousands of criminals and mental patients back in 1980 on his town. And the media is calling us a courageous freedom flow Tila. And there wasn't any other than on the radio on English language radio. There wasn't anybody at then who had the balls to say, hey, wait a minute, cut the crap here. Let's stop this. Yeah, you just, you guys just can't say the truth in this town because you're, it's like swimming upstream. You just can't do it. You're fighting the losing battle, man. Because there's nobody to go to bat for you. There are handful of people that got balls in this town to tell you the truth. And the rest of the people are all sucking up to a bunch of bull crap and encouraging it to and perpetuate it. It included in the mayor of Big County. Sir, you are a disgrace. You are a disgrace condemning the Coast Guard and the stronger terms. You know something. If that's your opinion, fine. How about making some statement about the goddamn civil disobedience and blocking off all of God in high ways and jeopardizing people's life and limb? How about that? Just a comment. You all in apology, Mr. Penis, to every other person in God damn soft Florida because that's just in date County because plenty of people travel to God damn highways and this stuff would only live in date County. But of course we won't get it because you're not worried about anybody else's votes, are you? Spinalist piece of turd. And just wait until July 29, baby, because everybody in date County is going to say, you're God damn penny sales tax. They're going to tell you the right. Or to be a little bit more gentile about it as guilty would say to stick it up the butt. Oh, don't you see my head. I'm a good father today. I'm a back who likes to be involved in the fight. I'm a back who likes to be involved in the fight. I'm a back who likes to be involved in the fight. I'm a back who likes to be involved in the fight. I'm a back who likes to be involved. I'm here to confirm this bitch down. It's not a death not all. I'm a beauty that you've done as long as it's alive. Just a fight or two. You can still hear this down. You're like a furlough bitch round-up. In that round high high high high high high high You're just a little bit so high high high high high You're just a little bit so high high You're just a little bit so high high high You're just a little bit so high high high You're just a little bit so high low It looks pretty people. It's not a good thing. It's too hard to tell me about it. I'm sorry, I got you. I'm a bitch on to watch the tiger flip. I'm bound to do a dick on. I like to do wear a dress. I look back for a shot of my eyes. I'm a back who likes to be involved. I'm a back who likes to be involved. I'm a back who likes to be involved. In that round high high high You're just a little bit so high high You're just a little bit so high high high You're just a little bit so high high You're just a little bit so high That's what Ricky says practice makes perfect. Level 03560Q. I don't forget because the nephew will be real disappointed and be pressed and bugging you a lot if I don't mention this. The QAM Vandal be at the Amico Gas Station. 2105 this game Boulevard and Northeim and Beach. No wonder they got some real great stuff. Great stuff. Oh, they got some crap they want to get whatever. Some QAM goodies and some wild wild west movie. It's always great when it says goody's and stuff. It's settled like something specific. What are you talking about? If I'm going to drive like 10 blocks or 20 blocks or 4 miles to go over there and see what it's. It's. It's something specific. But it just says wild wild west movie stuff. Like maybe a will Smith blow up something Rotest like that. Oh, God. Speaking of QAM goodies. Yeah. Have you seen the shirts and the hats that are floating around the building and everything? No. Remember at IOD whenever the shirts would come out every year the new public shirts they give you like 3 that give me 3. The little part time. Then if they have them and we haven't got it, they have them. And no, I asked about them. I said, hey, where's the shirt? How many do I get? Do I pick one, two, three? You know. You know. That's what I'm so on. And they said, you have to pay for these. And I thought. Well, that's what I like. Wait. You have to pay for these. Exactly what I said. I said, no, no, you're joking. Really. How many shirts do I get? Well, I don't understand. Cool has to pay. Everyone. Who wants? Why would we want a pay for that? I mean, I know it's raining a lot. And those hats I see that Joe's wearing is makes where a real good rain catcher. When you put the a brim up there, just write the brim on the brim. You have to pay for them. Oh my god, you know something. There is nothing you could have told me. Nothing that would have been more astonishing. I mean, are we more than anybody? I just don't realize just how cheap these bastards are and how they don't want to. They still got the first two nickels they ever made so they can rub them together all day. But whoever heard of working in a radio station or television station or any media outlet, where they have t-shirts and hats and station promotional items and the employees have to pay for them. Has anybody ever in their life heard of such a thing? No. Hello. And I am speechless at this point. Yeah. I'm sorry. I was on the phone to tell you how much for that hat. No. Tell me $60. $10. For that piece of crap. Get a look at that. Who would be the guy to get a head? You wouldn't be caught right. Although I'll tell you one thing. If you're out there at sea. Good for bailing water out of the little or wickedie boat. Keep the sun off your nose. Right. Evidently work like a charm. Here's a mobile and for waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I've been talking about this. I feel like I'm what I'm going to do myself and what I think everybody else should do is and I've never owned any. It's called by some peppers fry. And next time any asshole gets out of the road and blocks traffic. And breaks havoc like they did. Get out and spray their ass. Yeah. They're the ones that deserve the peppers fry. But it's the only problem that is that they hit what they did is they went out there like on the MacArthur and they parked their cars and got out of their cars and they left them sitting there. And they just were having their big demonstration with their cars blocking off all the traffic. So even if you wanted to do anything they weren't in the cars. The cars were just sitting there as blocking things. I could have been a field there for some record. Uh, tow truck driver. Right. Well, it should have been. It should have been a field day for people to water when enforced a law. But we don't have anybody in date County wants to enforce the law. Thanks for speaking out for it, Nia. Okay, pal. 567. Boy, if only old cloud pepper were still here today. Huh? We could spray him a little bit. Couldn't hear it at this point, I guess. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Most of us non-cube and hispanics that came to this country on a plane legally. Right. Uh, for the privilege to live in this country. We'd like to tell those ignorant morons. Yes. At that time, understand that if they would do this in any of the countries we came from, we would be having a different point of view the next day because we would be dead. Okay. They don't allow those things in the countries who coming from. And what they do is they make us hate them more and more. Every day, every day. I mean, here's the guy who didn't because people think that maybe because you guys are going to get to stay here now. Okay, these six guys are being given a silent. They get to stay here now. And they're still talking about more demonstrations. They're not done yet. This is only the beginning they're saying you ain't seen nothing yet. It's an accurate. I'm telling all my friends some sort of America to buy a raft and get here. Okay. Okay. I'll stick to your meters. Yeah. It's an accurate. I'm getting away. That was that. Always meet. Well, I can't see what else going on. Okay, boy. I love taking these shades off because then if you're, wow, look at this. This is great. Look at that. Anybody have a heart or a liver? And now. Thought. The universe is strange and wonderful place. And needs to be treated with respect. Cute and cutty teddy bears can each you alive. Always pay off your debts. As you can't always count on killing the bill collector. People pair for things to go wrong. They usually will. When something is out of whack, does that mean that at some point it was in whack? When she gets a picture taken, what does it say? If you buy store on equipment, make damn sure it can't be tracked back to you. If you stood next to Billy Blank on top of the tall buildings and pushed him off, his cream like a girl all the way down. If you're pianist here, it's called the pianist. Why don't we call race car drivers racist? If people from Poland are called polls, why don't we call people from Holland? Polls. And that is the thought for today. I think it's important. Oh, okay. So let's have a look at the theme. 11 15 is five 60 WQM happy Thursday. I have a picnic here today. All we need is the answer. We'll be all set. If it takes me like a couple extra seconds to it, easy to understand that I'm as blind as a bat. All I'm near sighted is a good damn good thing. If I were far-sighted, I'd be going. Eeeey. I'll put it all in. Well, I'm sure Peter will be back about what? 430. Here's the deraille. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, just two quick comments. Number one, on my Hispanic American who grew up, different cities throughout the United States. And so have come into contact with people that have had to earn their green card citizenship the legal way. And what I do find, well, two quick things about Cuban, I found quite a polling is one, is that it seemed to be a very primitive nature. I don't know if it's because they come from an island that, I don't know, there's just a sense of, you're not generalizing, right? I mean, I just want to make sure. Well, it's very hard not to even know our relies on it. Because you realize that the first wave from the early or early 60s of Cuban decaying, most of those people were highly educated and very skilled doctors and lawyers and people like that. Okay, so right now we're getting a lot of education. Right now we're getting the worst of the worst. Well, I mean, since 1980 since Murray, I mean, you've got to realize that what's left in a Cuban out, people are not getting highly educated. And you have a lot of people coming here who are to put it bluntly, our slippers. Okay, let me ask you, maybe you know the question to this. How is it that you can arrive in United States on an afternoon? Afternoon, two, three, and afternoon. Right. And then the next day at 8 o'clock in the evening or 10 o'clock in the evening, which is the last month of news, they already, they've already been granted rights to come into the country. Right. And, and, and, and, and, and, and help me figure out something here. These, these guys come here with identification on them. How, how is it that they were able to prove that they had relatives here? And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, I didn't have ID with them, so how, how was it that they were released so quickly? I just I don't understand this. You'd have to ask their agent. I mean, I can't tell you, I don't know. Yeah, again, you got to understand that when you've got the political cloud, and you've got all these hysterical people whipping everybody up into a frenzy, and threatening to block off the whole goddamn town, you get your way in. This is what, this is the history of the way it's gone here in South Florida. I mean, normally you have to show you it normally, but this is normal. this isn't the way things are done here. This is normal. This is a separate a whole exception from the immigration policy that makes no sense. It's unacceptable. I mean, I've had friends that have had to wait and wait and wait in Wait in order to get the right hand and I'll take here the for a few phone calls we made and I mean it takes longer to get a driver's license and it does for a person that that comes over here from the island of Cuba to get released into the general population. I'm so really correct. This is unbelievable. Yeah, well this is Florida Pell. I mean, if you ever try to get any business done in the city of Miami. Okay, have a great day. 560560, I mean, AT&T wireless line. I mean, I could just sit back and let he could obviously go to a clock which is fine, but what's the point? You know, we know these things, all of these things and like I've told you before, and I've got to change. I'm referred to change. Somebody in a position of authority has to step forward and you know, starts to try to make a change and there's no such animal. Highly, hello. Well, yes, sir. Let me say something. The reason, the, all these people that they're calling your program and then your last caller, let me, let me say something. The reason that we get a special treatment over here when it comes down to immigration is because in our country, there is no freedom. And we have had a data for four years. Let me ask you this. You see, well, let me just a minute. I mean, I have a conversation. I am very respondent. What you just said, now let you talk like you want. Okay. Conversation means you say something which you just did. I'm going to respond or ask you a question. Okay. Is there freedom and communist China? Is that a communist country? There is no freedom in China. Okay. So now when the Chinese come here, did they automatically get like special exemption? I think they get some type of political assignment. They do? I think so. Where do you hear that? I don't know. The Chinese wash up on the shores of the West Coast. I mean, it's a long slip across the Pacific. But when they show, if they come up on the shores, they're automatically allowed in the country to stay here. I don't know what they do, but I think they get enough of political assignment. No, they get here. No. Anyway, here. Well, let's listen, I jump off the ball. Let's talk about the Haitians and the Cubans. Why? Why do we get special treatment and why they don't? Okay. I'm listening. In Cuba, there's no freedom. No, we have had a detailed dictatorship for 40 years. Well, what are you for 40 years? What about before that? 40 years? What about before 40 years? Just what I said? What about Patista? He wasn't a dictator? But Tita was a dictator for seven years. Yeah. Yes. So what does that mean? That's why Casuo took him a power. Yeah. Because he spent three more years. You've had a dictator in Cuba for his long, anybody can remember? Yes. Yes. And I just want to say, let me ask you this. What about those poor people, those desperate people in Kosovo? What about all those people? Are you seeing that they go back and their houses have been burned down? All of their possessions are gone. They're poorly educated. They have no skills. Their children are starving to death. What about those people? Are we afraid they come up on shore? Are we going to let them into? No, the Cuban situation is different. I did think about Cuban. Forget if you can. I know it's very difficult. Forget the word Cuban for one moment and answer my question about the Kosovo. What about the Kosovo? I'm not talking about Kosovo. I'm not talking about Cuba. Yeah. The war not. Okay. We're talking about the world in general. What's you? You can't do. And the fact is, sir, the rest of us, I keep trying to tell you this, and you're thinking you're around joking, or you just don't want to hear it. It's not penetrating your skull. We don't care. Okay. We're not interested in Cuba. We're tired of having Cuba uses a weapon to beat over our heads, so that you can tell us how we're going to live in this country. Sorry. We don't like it. There are plenty of other dictatorships. There have been plenty of dictatorships in his hemisphere all over Latin America. And we didn't just open up the door and say, everybody, hey, if you can put your toll on a soil, we'll let you in. I mean, if you're from a communist country, we'll give you hearing, and maybe you'll stay, maybe you won't stay. If you're from a Haiti, maybe you're getting hearing, maybe you'll stay and probably not. They'll send you back in a hurry. I am so sick and tired of hearing this bull crap. And every time you want to talk about the rest of, I'm not talking about that. I don't care from that. Of course you don't, because you're one dimensional. You know, if you keep forefeeding something that people over and over and over and over and along, and they finally just want to vomit. They want to puk every time they hear it. And that's the way this thing is. And I keep telling you, and you don't want to believe it. You think I'm a bigot, I'm a bad guy. I wouldn't want differences to make to me. As long as I can drive the goddamn roads. But the fact is that the people who live in this town are sick of it. They're nauseated with it, with your friends in your history. And we're sick of hearing it about Castro, and he's a dictator, and he's evil. And fine, okay. We'll pack him a goddamn sandwich with a bomb, and it'll okay if they'll make you happy. But in the meantime, people who would like to live there for it can live already. It's 40 years later. He ain't going away. And we aren't going to be able to open up the door, and let the whole goddamn island come over here, and you're a whim, which evidently is what you think is what ought to happen. We got people out on the streets in this town, for starving to death. We have little kids who are like just abandoned. We have people making babies like rabbits. And nobody cares about any of these people. And by the way, nice job on that Honduran kid, by the way, you people in the media on the 13-year-old kid with that hoax, nice job. Oh, yeah, they shove that way in the back in the paper another day. If you look to about page 95A, maybe you might find it. Bah-ha, they all sucked in on that story. Whole story was a hoax. So I was supposed to be concerned about it just letting the whole, why not just have a big ship go over there? We'll get Mickey Yorison. We'll give him the deal. He needs the money. Just go over there and let everybody on the island come over here. Ellen, date, county. How many people are over there now? About two million? What's the population out? What do they got left about? 40 people left over there? There are a couple. No, seriously, what's the population of Cuba? I have no idea anymore. Well, whatever it is, a two million, four million, whatever it might be somebody will tell us. Let them all come in. I mean, the city is already bankrupt. Half a day county is a toilet. We have lots and lots of parts that they county that are just slumbered via a compliment, get-oes. People living in destitute growth tested the school system and southward is at a disgrace. But they don't worry about these things because these people of the side of a communist the communists and I'm more tired of it. We're sick and tired of it already, okay? And God forbid you go back to talking about open-up diplomatic relations. Oh my God, God forbid you mention that. And improving the quality of life for the people who are down there. And starting the face reality, this is what it is, except it, what you like it or not. You've been doing business with dictators all over the world for as long as anybody can remember. Here's Palm Beach, tell us. Uncle Neo. Yes, sir. Just to change the subject, I'm sure it's a subject that you've already spoken of, but you know, it was on TV tonight. The back street boys. Yeah. Family channel, edit clock. Oh, all right, thank you, sir. George is really pleased. Here's a mobile in candle, hello? Want me to take a free? No. Mobile in candle. Yeah. Yes, you. Yes, I am dependent on it. In the restaurant, yes, today I have to know when this whole thing started. All the chupers were in there. Oh, God, I'm terrified of keywester. Yeah. And I, uh, people, what about those people on the bridge? Yeah, she's thought she is. Good, given, go, given, go, given. I shall hope your mother's not stuck on a damn road. Yeah, help. Are your mom people are something else? I see that? I'm sick of you people. Just plain sick of you. Don't give up. Someday might happen. Okay. Just tell me your mama is on the bridge. Oh, God. Hello, you have reached the King's Workers Choice Catalog and Information One to speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stand the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Dickey's customer service. This is Lillian, how may I help you? Yeah, my Lillian, hi. Hi. You like Dickey's? Sure. I guess a lot of women do, huh? Mm-hmm. I believe so. My woman says she loves the Dickey's. I see. She likes a lot of, you know, you know, and understands I'm gay guys like Dickey's. Well, I'm really not in half of them. Yeah. I'm not really thought about that. What's the biggest Dickey's you've seen? Well, sir, we go out to a 72-way. Oh, my God. You like little Dickey's too? Sir. Um. Something like that, girl. Basically, they like big Dickey's. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, just so I get to say Dickey him on on the phone. And then, yeah. Uh, were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing. But I want to talk about Dickey's. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Well, and Dickey, um, yeah. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I might not like Dickey's. A lot of women like Dickey's. Uh, sir, I'm going to disconnect. No, when you're talking about Dickey's. 1131 at 560, WCM, don't forget. Yeah. My dog made his for Hank at to the staff to know Hank will be doing a show from Vegas tomorrow at the tour club. And then we got Donny B, who we used to think was a good guy. But then he's an asshole. We found out that he can search with all the scumbags in the building. Hey, that, you know, somebody's got to. Why don't I tell him? Maybe he just said to nice guy. He wants to be the one guy that'll hang out with people. Nobody else will talk to like Todd Drek. Here's a mobile in Hailey. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. Uh, Neil. I just wanted to get my two cents and about this whole uh, uh, Cuban tank. He might get. Uh, I'm just, uh, I'm a Cuban descent. I'm American, human disaster. And this is a little tired of watching our country, our government, and we believe by these people. Uh, now they, they come in here and they claim they want freedom and they're tied to the leadership. But they have decided that they can choose and take our Howard of the New Works, who plays music here, who displays their pain here. So I think these people, they want. They have, I think they have just learned a little bit too much from the Delkovs, so. Uh-huh. And they want to, they want to make democracy the way they want to make it. And they have no idea what it is in the first place. And so we'll make the Rex. Well, thank you very much. And thanks for saying it, right on target. I've always said that, you know, freedom of speech is uh, whatever we like, then you can say it. If we don't like it, then you don't have the freedom to say that. Or do that or whatever it is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, this is like I said yesterday, there's no debate on this. There's no debate on whether people should be going out and blocking up, uh, highways and putting people's lives at jeopardy and tying up people for hours and hours. I mean, I could understand if it was like, like the end of the world, if the government was like taking, try to take all our freedoms away or something major, some catastrophic thing that was affecting everyone's lives. And we just had massive civil disobedience in everybody going out and sitting in the streets and like demanding whatever a solution to whatever the problem was. But that's not what this is. We got a group of people who were consistently whipped up into a frenzy by the Spanish language media and very obitiously, always do whatever the hell they're told to do, no matter how acceptable it is and go out there and do their, uh, uh, excuse me! Or more and more and more divisive in this town and more and more resettments and more and more hatred and they don't care, that's the worst part, Oh, we don't care! We got to cloud, we got to politicians. It's like you know, in the Godfather. He had all the Judges and the politicians in his pocket, Everybody else, Bob Fongol, you said it then. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, Hilo. Mobile in Oakland Park. Sounds pretty dead to me. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Lady in Miami. Yes, man. I knew, first of all, I'm an American American American American. And I think that every time I see these people have showing their five children's life. Yeah. When in the United States, they should be on their hands and knees. Thank God for what we have here in this country. Yeah. And they're taking our rights away from it. I go to Burden, they come up with a test to wait on the in Spanish. Okay, thank you. 560560. Oh, and by the way, I'm almost glad that you said that all will not really, but because that's old and tired. The Sun Sentinel being very sensitive to the sensitivity of the situation in this community, volatility of it. Picks a great data put on the off-ed page this morning. Under the heading language in America, a column by Miriam Marquez, a rights for the Orlando Sentinel, who don't even write in this market. And the column is ahead. Why we speak Spanish among ourselves in public. Nice timing, Sun Sentinel. Excellent. I woke up this morning. I'm scouring through my two papers. And I read this thing and I thought, what a great time to put that in there. Okay? And this is in the Brewer paper. This ain't even in the Harold. Why we speak Spanish among ourselves in public? How do you like that? I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Oh, talk about just beating. Like taking a guy damn two by four and beating everybody over the head with an over and over and over again. Over and under stand while you're getting tired of this. We thought you're all in the SNM. Yeah, that's how we read the local papers. We're in the SNM on the inside. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank God for Neil Rogers on the radio through the weekdays. And God! Neil, this is a funniest show. I mean, I'm laughing my ass off in my car. Yeah. I just wanted to kind of tie this in. The reason there's no authority out on the middle of a bridge when I'm on the people who are protesting. Yeah. Because they're all Miami International Airport, giving people tickets. Yeah. I was there this morning in this sky. Well, here's what you got to take it out on the, yeah. I'm listening to you on the radio. My wife's getting on an airplane going to Atlanta. She's kissing the kids you buy. Yeah. And this guy is the pack giving me a ticket. And I'm saying if the authority was as effective and efficient as this asshole is in the back giving me a ticket. Right. I mean, those guys were thrown off the bridge in about two seconds. Yeah, they're on the button. But getting tickets is safe law enforcement. Worked like screw in 16 year olds in candle on the middle of your daytime assignment. I mean, have a great day sir. Find out to it again. 567. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Selo. Hello, New. Yes, sir. So I'm going to go with what you called it, the old generation and the 60s that came the parent. Yes, sir. And I'm not rich, but I'm going to authenticate it and make me stick to see my people like that. Well, let me just do those. All right. If they were on the gather up and do that in Cuba, they get run over one of the old Russian tanks. Yeah. That's right. Oh, there you go. Okay. They're going to get a little bit of a sense of good idea. Richard and I were a couple over here. But why did that over there? And they were going to weigh even before. Oh, I'm going to share if I find that they would have done that. Maybe they would have gone to this point, everything. Right, name and. I guess that's just my opinion. Not the opposite. Okay, God bless, user. Thank you. 567. 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T line. No, what times do the letter coming back? Anybody? No. I thought I'm getting nervous. It's not even noon yet. I'm very appreciative. He's my best close personal friend. But I see even JP's got a bag over his head. But I'm not believing that. He's in. He's very much in this crack. Pectail, the US 10 out there in the middle of MacArthur, caused way all weekend with his arms up in the air. Just for the helmet. Not for any particular reason. Just hang it out. Get off your duck. Get off your duck. Come on. No, it's your political view. You are challenged to a match to the death. Rosie. The killer whale on. Don't take on all comeers in a steel cage. Just mask. This is a WWE F-s ancient match. So don't miss it. Call your cable provider today. Rosie, the killer whale. Take on the NRA. Neonazi. The force is covered in the K-K-K. It's huge. If they keep killing 156, you have to do a couple of things. I'll tell you what we'll go over real big in this town. If we ever got a radio or a TV station, or like a newspaper, or a newspaper, or newspaper, it'll never happen. Forget about radio. We already got that. Like me and a few other people. But like a TV station where they actually would come on and give a voice to the people who are not human in South Florida. I'm just saying, give a little balance. Look, I'm just storing in the last 48 hours. Just somebody that would come on and say, well, you know, the Coast Guard treatment of these people was, that's something we can debate into the overreact in the pepper spray. We talk about that. But on the other hand, shouldn't we be spending a lot more time talking about this illegal disruption of the whole community and all the stuff that's going on? Shouldn't we be talking about that? As opposed to your spineless cowards on 46, 7 and 10, who would have you a couple of people like I'm talking about in the traffic and let him belly ached for about 10 seconds? And then go back to the rest of your hysterical pandering. You were disgraced. How can you go home and look in the mirror at night and think that you're doing a job? And just like the people of the hero, but you don't understand is, which is why the channel for pull came out the way that it did. The most of the people you're panoring to are watching 10, 23 anyway. The other two of us are rats asked about you. You might as well stick it up the butt. Right. God. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I have a question. The bottom line in the soul situation is money. These people here, they come out to my country. They don't understand that I got to pay enough in taxes. Those are you? Okay, thank you for saying crap on here, by the way. But you're right. You're absolutely right in the two by the head of say crap. And because this is America, you can't say crap. Don't you understand? You can go out there and block the traffic off that. That's okay. But you can't say crap on here. It's interesting. Stop and think about that. That was using the analogy before about the cops right in ticket to the airport for the ticket. Protests is off the streets. But here's an even better one. You can't say S.H. on here because God forbid the FCC. A federal government agency will come down on your ass. But you can go out there and block off all the highways and jeopardize people's lives and scrub everybody's God damn day. That's okay. That makes a lot of sense, huh? Oh, yeah. Just think about it for about four seconds and see if you don't agree. Here's some old Lindell-A.B. Chilla. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. I'm an American to my parents who are from Las Vegas, Cuba. And a lot of the Cubans in Miami really don't know the history of Cuba because Cuba has never been free. I have to laugh about that guy that's pulling. We haven't had freedom for 40 years. Yeah. Because they've been under a dictator for 40 years like the Tista was Democratic. He's so, but Tista put a coup in 1952. He was the next president and our country recognized his government within 48 hours. So much for elections and so much for freedom. But nobody protested about that. Yeah. And that kind of action created what we have there now with Castro. But most of those people have no idea what the plan amendment is. And every government that the Cuba has had since it's being free from Spain has been put in by the US government. It's what we call a hip-popic republic. They've never been free. Every dictator has been basically set up by the US government. So they were never free, never free. Right. I just wanted to point that out because most people aren't even aware of that. I'm sure Ms. Ross Layton wouldn't even be aware of that either. She hasn't had time to do her homework. She's too busy pandering. Yeah, we've interfered in the internal affairs of Iran, Guatemala, Nicaragua. And that's the kind of situation that develops. You get a favorable government for a while. And then you get a revolution. And you get somebody that's really anti-American. Right. So that's the situation that might have happened to the President. And I think that we should try to end the embargo and try to normalize relationship. And maybe even improve the economy down there so they don't have to come over here. Amen. Comblest user. Yes sir. Fabric field. There you go. Of course you're not supposed to say that in this town, but nevertheless, what you said may not. Oh, not normalization relations. California is the government. Right. Old tired and stale. You know, even last year's home entouching our fresher than that old line of all, come on you still, you can't say that. Castro liquor, yeah. OK. You can look at city as they can keep bang at the moon. It's not going to go away or you can deal with things in a realistic way. And like in the 20th century, which is almost over, but we're not allowed to do that. Because we just don't want to offend anybody's sensibilities. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I got to tell you, the site of Roe Martinez, rolling around in the street. Because volumes of the way the Cuban community handled this. Uh-huh. This is their leader. This is elected leader. And he's, I haven't seen anything more embarrassing since playing. Never stole a free train, but anything short of that, he did the number of free train, anyway. It reminded me of Jeff and Gundy attached to a lot of the morning's legs. Uh-huh. I think that the Cuban community has taken what could have been a very good PR situation for them and turned it into a disaster as they have time and time again. Right. And I think they have to get a little bit more sophisticated and approach to handling these times. But they're not interested. They don't understand like I said before. It's not a quickness of sophistication. It's a question of feeling and knowing that the politicians are all on their side, that the media are all terrified to say anything besides whatever their company line is. And then they can do basically do whatever it hardly wants. Well, it's unfortunate. I know that when immigrants came to the Northeast, the Italians could use. They assimilated. They learned the language. They would not have hearing man. It's not happening. And that's why when you open up a sun settle in a, in a broad news paper this morning, we have to get treated on a day like this after all the stuff that's going on to an article from some bitch that writes a column up in Orlando out of their newspaper, why we speak English when we go out in public, my family, is it that great? Or why we don't, why we speak Spanish when we go out and have a great day. God. People in the media in this time, they must have a factory where they stand these people out. They mentally disable. They must just stamp them out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T worldless line. Just like the hysteria over casinos and all the other. I mean, I, I, I, I, I, I just what kind of people are we talking about? You go to Vegas. I don't know. I, I mean, the traffic is awful heavy on the strip. You know how do you got your red a car and you drive around the side streets. You know how to get up and down the city without having to go out there in the strip. Pretty congested. But you don't have a bunch of people. I mean, they got what the one, what was the deal? Rancho, what are those of casinos? Were they been picketing for about the last 20 years? And they're marching up and down peacefully and farther casino. What are signs of pickup signs? And nobody pays any attention to. I think it's the orange. One of those. And that's it. They wouldn't put up with this for two seconds. People lying down in the streets and blocking off the traffic. Here's a mobile and west. Thanks so much. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 182, where I was lying. Sounded like the voice of experience to me. Here's a lady in West and hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I just really appreciate your addressing and situation and this civil disobedience. I don't understand. We have people that, when I do something like this, blocking roads and ambulances can't get through. This is a great, it's because I have an involved mother. She needs to go to the emergency hospital. I have people nurses, doctors attending her. They need to get to where they need to be. People need to get back to from what to take care of their children. And who's going to care about them? If something happens to my mother and she does, are these two bins that are out there displaying, I don't know what kind of friends do they get into? Are they going to care? I doubt very much. Yeah. Is there no one that will under the emergency hospital? No, there is. There is no one in this community who will speak out on behalf of things that make common sense. There is no mayor. There was no commissioner. There's nobody in a police in any law enforcement agency. There is nobody in the newspapers. There is nobody who will speak out on behalf of common sense and decency and the kinds of things you're talking about. Suppose somebody would have gotten into a big brawl out there on a causeway or on a palm metal and there would have been maybe a shooting or something which happens year all the time. How in I hell would they have gotten rescue help to those people? How could they have gotten to them? They wouldn't have. And frankly, if they were me and I needed to get my mother to a hospital and I saw these people doing that. If I had the means of a bulldozer, I just bulldozer, I was right off the road. Exactly. That is total disregard. And that is one of the things that we pay people in law enforcement for, by the way, is not going and running prostitution rings in Kendall. But going out there and keeping the highways free from this kind of craft so that we can do whatever to how we have to do to live our lives to drive on the roads that we pay for with our tax money. You know, they talk about compassion. I don't understand, but you know, my dad, he took a... I'll give him a better one. He came from Canada as well. How about them having a little compassion for the rest of us? Yes. And off-freedom is being taken away by the Cubans down there in Miami. Yes. It's not Hispanics. It is specifically and I've only been here 10 years. I never had this feeling before. If they're looking for respect, they're not going to get it this way. They should go through a legal system like everybody else has to. They're not special. They don't deserve special treatment. And they're already getting special treatment, but it isn't good enough. That's the thing that Frost Maya is. They're already getting very ultra special treatment and it still isn't good enough. Well, Mrs. Bush gets special treatment by coming into the country and not declaring things. Yeah. Well, if that happens to you and I, we get a little bit of trouble put on it. Thank God we got good on his politicians here in Florida. Have a great day, Sweetie. Thank you, brother. 5.670560, pound 5.60. Yeah, that's, you know, I'm not supposed to talk about that anymore. That's all swept out of the rug, the Columbus Bush grab. And of course, the thing with, like I said, the prostitution ring in Kendall, but all these cops that were going down there banging their brains out, running a, running a hook ring with a 16 year old girl in Kendall. Do we hear any more about that? No. I'd love to know how to hell that thing got swept out of the carpet. And we don't hear one more word about that. And if you people out there were concerned, if it's just amazing. What about your bulls, those living in this town? Put up with this garbage. People be screaming bloody murder. Where's the rest of this story? Where are the names? Why aren't people getting fired left and right? I mean, you know, if you go out and you pick up a 16 year old girl, forget about prostitution, just pick her up and have sex if you're an adult. Your answer is going straight to jail. Statutory rape. And if, by the way, you do go out there and pick up a hooker in a matter of water pages, you're going straight to jail. prostitution. And this town, all our time, gets wasted with all this bull crap. How much time has been wasted in these last 48 hours with a story that, like I said yesterday in a first place, was much to do about nothing. And if it would have been six Haitians, it wouldn't have been on the news for more than five seconds. Another bullet with a bunch of Higgins, Haitians being smuggled and was intercepted, they're on their way back. That would have been the end of that. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Okay, I want to know why you hate the Q on people. Ma'am, let me say this. I don't talk to stupid people, okay? I don't have time for you. I don't hate the Cuban people. I don't hate any people. I hate assholes like you, okay? And if you don't understand that normal, reasonable people want to be able to drive on a highways and live their lives, without people out there in the middle of the roads, every time something displeases them, whether or something I didn't get as Rickety boat back or whether it's because the Orioles are playing an exhibition being, again, with a bunch of Cuban athletes, no matter what it is, then you're too stupid for me to have a conversation with you, maybe, a lady, whatever, maybe lady. Now I'm getting psychotic. Why you hate the Cuban people? Get a life. Start looking through your life through somebody else's eyes beside your own little narrow, myopic view of the world, okay? Try to understand what it means to live your life. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hello, a demographic research. And you asked the most important question. Yes? What is the population of Cuba? Yes, sir. It is 11 million. Oh, no problem. That's a little minute. Cuba, Barbadas and Bermuda have the loaves of the world. What was the last one, Bermuda? Yeah, I'm 13.6. 13.8 per thousand. Yeah, by 2050. What about the Netherlands and Tiles? They are also the view of. Yeah. I'm going to say Thomas. Ah, I'm going to say Thomas Aquinas. Thomas, no, I'm going to say Thomas. How about the Virginia Islands? I don't want to population of Caribbean. Just Cuba. Thank you, sir. God. Bup-up, and Bermuda though was pretty interesting. I thought. Didn't you? Yeah, Bermuda. Ever get caught in that Bermuda triangle? I don't want to say it. I don't want to say it. You know, I mean, we don't want to have nobody down there because then Castro, I have nothing to do. We'll leave a legend down there because then we can get some baseball games going on. And we'll bring the other 10 million in here. What do you say? All right. No problem at all. They'll be good down there at home, instead. There are a lot of people that move out there in the hurricane. Build that backup again at home, instead, cover rage. We could bring the Everglades down there in a random drain out the Everglades. When it's down, drain it out. And the Everglades, too. That's what I say. Drain it out. Scored score. No problem. No problem. No problem. No problem. Once and for all. Then what do these people get to find to be running around in the streets? Blocking traffic work. We'll find something. Okay. Were they running around in the streets? Blocking traffic when they find out that Xavier Swarers in a budget, of course, and Burger and End is fixed to the election? No. I didn't see anybody running around in the streets. Then blocking traffic, protesting. Being all of a sudden that we got fixed elections in this town. When Mayor Penis tried to put up any sales tax on and this boom dog, the metro, where I don't see anybody going out in the streets blocking traffic. No. Because they're creating taxation without representation. And they're trying to stick an election through the middle of the summertime on a Thursday, no less. When you start getting excited about the things that you're count, then maybe you'll get a little bit of our respect. Four minutes till noon is five, 60. WQA. And you want to get yourself a great cigar. I mean, not one at Fedelsmox because, you know, he can do with those. Exactly. You can do it in the morning, you can do it in the morning, you can do it in the morning. Come and listen to my story about a man named Jeff, who's while at what's his big, as his baseball bat head. He became a governor and dictator to simply buy heaven more money than you. Boy, who in there that is, there did deals, that's presidential debt. In a real, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, duber, he's got a new bit in zoom, teniskellatu, head, and when they took his ball, they discovered he was dead. Free, that is. No brains, come back once, rude. Now, Jeff represents the Christian Reich, but somehow got support from the Jewish Colonel Kyk, another all in the mass grave. Very, very deep, and his wife was in neckless of the feelings from the team. Jewish gold melted down of course. Oh, the Tallahassee Millionaire. Sorry, I'm Rick Himmler as Chip Bush. Avalanche, the Lombard. Ariana Huffington has ready. And Dan Bergen has General Bersalder. The Tallahassee Millionaire. Brought to you by the John A. All right, 12 or three at five, 60 WCM. Happy Thursday to eat July 1st, baby. Over the second half of 1999. And God, it's really been, yeah, well said. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay, sir. Yeah, I'm in Bers. I'm in Bers. Born in Cuba. I've been here for many years. I see this in the news. And it's like, you know, I have mixed feelings at the beginning. But then, even after the fact that administration approved, you know, for the coast going to bring these guys back. And he's fugs because that's all they are, okay. To continue doing these things, you know, illegal, as you say, Roblox. It's just very, very embarrassing for us. Now, I don't know, like, I was selling George on the phone. And I'm making a sign as we speak. Put him on my pickup truck. I'm Cuban, but today I'm embarrassed. Good. You know, it's like, I hope, you know, another thing I wanted to bring up, all these other angle people that are calling in, please do not generalize and say, all Cubans, because just like every race, there's always that 5% of that 10% of thoughts and no lives. These natural lives are all Cubans. Like, those people that you saw in the news yesterday. And believe me, Roblox Martinez is not my leader. Like, that guy said three or four phone calls ago. Okay. Yeah, we can meet a big mean mother though, better watch him. Oh, my God. But anyway, just thank you for taking my call, man. Let me, you know, my two cents. And all you, just free locks, man. Relax. Just keep, just, narrow mind. Okay. How are you going? And back to your calm down. Just take two and call us in the morning. Yeah, Roblox Martinez, you better watch out because you'll beat the crap out. Are you okay? Like, that's the model. No, seriously, when you're, damn you ever seen it. When you drive in the highly and you start to talk at a somebody in the big voice comes out. Ah, shut up. Before I beat the crap out of you. Yeah, that's all Martinez. He usually says it in this funny. Well, but once in a while, if you have to be in the angle and you drive through highly, he says, Ah, shut up. Before I beat the crap out of you. Yeah, exactly right in the height that they at highly are also. Ah, shut up. Before I beat the crap out of you. All right. That's what we need. That's the kind of mirror we need, baby. Oh. Oh, a pugilist. Or thank God he ain't got no bad criminal record. 5 6705 60, pound by 60 on the mobile one line. Here in South Florida where we never met a felon that we didn't like. Here's Boca, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you're the best man. You're looking to see for a long time. Yeah, remember a few months back, um, you're talking about some issue that you had when as you're building, um, two guys were coming up to elevator. You wait and for that little bit. You're speaking perfect English. Right. Probably have the Spanish descent. And you got on the elevator and they, uh, reverted the Spanish. Correct. Yeah. Well, yeah, similar thing happened to me yesterday. That's, uh, that just, you know, that literally frost my ass. What do you find that? What's behind that is just being rude. That's all I'm talking about using your language as a weapon. It's obnoxious. I mean, it's not even like, I mean, I understand enough Spanish to know what they're talking about. But that's still a system, you know, that make any sense to me. Correct. Not if not if you care about getting along with other people, but when you got, when you know seriously, but when you've got that, us against them kind of mentality, like you got the town by the balls anyway, so square everybody else. You don't care about whether you get along with anybody else. And we have a segment of the population that believes that they feel that way. Well, what's with that though? I mean, that's why you know what's with that. You deal with the assholes, man. And I think every group has got to say assholes and the people who do that are assholes. Yeah. Yeah. And everything. I agree with the K. Coltville and the douchebag. Yes, sir. All right. Eric, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thank you. I've got to tell you. Yeah. I just get worn out, trying to explain these things. It's not complicated. It's very simple. People are people. Some are people. Some are people. This is because you got some artificial label on you. Doesn't make you anything. But if you want to be anti-social and you want to, you know, use your language as a weapon. Your ethnicity is a weapon or whatever else is a, some kind of a culture. And go ahead. Are you going to do as pissed people off? If this world of everybody woke up tomorrow morning, got out of bed in the morning. All the labels were gone. All the national label, all the nationalistic labels, all the racial labels, all the ethnic labels were gone. And everybody was just like a human being who happened to live someplace else. Oh, god. There you go. Hallelujah. Virtually, every war would stop. All the guy named religious and no more religions either. Okay. That all goes away. That's what the protest is. Just people. Wow. What a concept. What anyway. Ain't going to happen. Here's a mobile and less Tom Beach. Hello. Uncle Neil. Good afternoon. Yeah. Where's the. I want to put a new twist on this. And make it from a negative to a positive in the way I look at it is. It's these Cubans. What these immigrants in here so bad. Yeah. That's a line down. That's a line down. Here's what I want. I want to line them up. Can't just like in a bowl now. We have to. Okay. Great. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Pomp 5 60. Oh, a little high. Left to 10 10. And Pomp 5 60 on the mobile one line. Eight minutes after noon at 5 60 WCM GM Mad Dog Man. Yeah. He's going to be talking about the Cuban National Baseball team for four hours today. He'll be here from 2 to 6. Oh, no. I'm going to play those Cubans again. Oh. And like I said, you're not supposed to know that on road rules on MTV that they made a stop at Havana. They played a Cuban, a bunch of Cuban kids softball. You're not supposed to know that because we don't want to lose MTV off our cable here in soft Florida. Now that we're just finding the tongue green chill and it's starting to get really really good. Oh. Did I mention 12 or nine at 5 60 WCM I think I did? Get up and give me a lunch Monday. Oh. Where are you going tomorrow? Every time you ask to use a towel and let you get that sign. But when you tell me you're always with you. Did they have a name at Fairfield? Yes. You're the one who went to the right. You've shown us little signs of just three minutes and no too much. What? I got another one. I got another one. I got another one. I got another one. I got another one. What? I got another one. Where there is a living room on the pipe, you know. What's your pole for a penalty? You're not afraid of the feet, but I'm afraid of getting full. That's when it's five. This is the year number eight. That's how you want to see. You took your comfort guard and that's how they play broken. How it's got to be hampered. You're welcome. 13 to five. You're a Joe Carstall. I want you to know he's doing the action. What about half an hour? No, 29 hours and he's doing great. Still works the same. He's going to do it. I'm going to do it to something. By the way, Tommy was one of the suckers that buy me. I mean, ball one of those QAM hats. Did you really pay for that? Oh, thank God. If he paid for that, I would have lost all respect. He'd be almost like on the same level of Donnie B. Almost but not quite. God. Can you believe it? I still can't believe that. I think you're just all putting me on. This has got to be a joke. We're working in a radio station that does no promotion whatsoever. No billboards, no TV ads, no newspaper ads, no sandwich report. Over somebody's back on Lincoln Road Mall. No any kind of promotion. And we finally get a bunch of stuff like this. And employees are supposed to pay for it. God. I mean, I know we got a lot of people working here are used to paying for it. But not necessarily that stuff. But good God Almighty. I can't even fathom what that's all about. I just never heard of such a concept. Oh, here you want a Q and T shirt. Great. Oh, there'll be 25 bucks, please. And by the way, are they selling these at cost? No. No. There's no, seriously. You've got to understand if we're going to pay. We're going to win and John Henry. We've got to squeeze out airbie diamond can. Don't you understand? We've got to crank that chain 24 hours a day. The money machine just so greys ego can defend. So we can pay for the rights to all these stupid ball games. See, if he were smart, which he's not. If he were smart, he get on a horn with that Tony, whatever that guy's name is with the 85 syllables. Who's going to put that laughing on 17 numbers. So hey, guess what? You want all of the franchises. You've got him. The dolphins, the marlins, the panthers. You've got him all. Of course, you'll have to pay the franchise broadcast fees. But that's okay. It's only 35 million, like seven million a year. And then you, and you have any real, we'd be rolling in money in this place. They'd be giving those things out by the dozen. Here, here's a couple of dozen, no shirts. Here's a couple dozen hats. Give them out to your friends. We'd be rolling in money. The morning show, making money up the old ass. This show sold off for how many God damn months in a row now for like about a year at least. We're making, making, bringing in money up the butt in this place. Hank Goldberg show, making serious bucks that they have done from six a.m. to six p.m. This place is a freaking money machine. It's a gold mine. And we've got to work 28 hours a day to make the money to pay a couple of billionaires who got more money than Jesus and Joseph and Saul put together. John Henry and a freaking bolt headed wing who just fired his partner by the way, because automation stock is in the old. Just forlin. So there you go. And Wayne gets pissed off. Everybody gets fired. Ball headed geek. Here's tempered pine. Hello. Hey, honey, how are you doing? Great. And Greg Reader, the cheap asshole. Oh, man, he's unbelievable. Him and the beeslies. The worst. I just wanted to try to put this thing erect if I could. Go ahead. Thank you, sir. The problem, one of the main problems is that these people, when they stop feeling, let me see if I can get this clear. When they stop believing that they're the center of the universe, they maybe will get some place. And to that asshole that called you about 30 minutes ago, it's been under a dictator 40, 40 years. Yeah. I have something to say to him. You ready? I'm going to call up on the post on the home. Thank you. Okay. Ha ha ha. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. So what are they really trying to say? That was the one. My favorite call of the year was that woman that called me that old pathetic stereotype over. You know, why do you hate that you've been people? I mean, you know, what kind of it's always the feeble. It sounds just like your mother. Just like your mother. That's what she's always saying. Why are you peaking on me? Why am I doing these things to me? Seriously. You know what? It reminds me of speaking of that. It reminds me of the exorcist. Give me. Go on. You do me. Yeah. Right. There you go. Why do you hate the Cuban people? Because I don't think that you ought to be out in the streets blocking everybody. If I don't hate the Cuban people, just assholes that do that stuff. Okay, lady. I know it's a little bit too tough for you to comprehend. Maybe somebody can explain it to you. Draw you a diaphragm. Forlaterdale. Hello. Oh, John, New York. You got me sort of pressed something about laying down and traffic myself. All right. Well, you know, there's not much going on in summer here. It's pretty dead. So let's just all go out and play in traffic. You know, I'm from four or eight in my year, man. I'm a native. And I was, that's been about eight years in a coast garden. You know, I thought live was this thing pretty much my entire life. Right. And the thing that, you know, a lot of people don't, they think, why is this political refugees thing around all over the place? And a lot of people don't realize this. Most of these people are not political refugees. They're economic refugees. Right. Just like the Haitians. Right. They're coming here looking for a better job. Right. They're not, they're not fleeing political provocation. They're coming here because they're looking for a more money. Like the one guy that came here was already here in Arizona. And didn't make out the first time. What back to Cuba didn't do too good. So we came back for another shot. I didn't hopes that it'll be a lovely or the second time around. These people are fanatical. It's pretty much the long and same line. It's talking to the pro-lifeers. I mean, you just get it. It's like beat the dead horse. You just can't, you can't get brutal. No, because they're one dimensional. I mean, this is the only thing that they're focused on. They got blinders on. They're oblivious to anything else that might be going on in the world. And they assume that everybody else, that's all they care about too. And guess what we don't. I say it's aggravating when you mentioned before about, you know, not having a voice for, you know, I'm a non-spanical. And it's not a panic white. And we don't really have a voice for this. No. It's not. I mean, if you're a white guy like me, you're basically, you know, you don't tell him. And nobody cares. And no one talk about it's been out. And whatever the latest fanatical craze is going on. They're in the pursuit by it. And those goddamn royals, boy, I thought, God's going to get that. And what are those no-lo's games? Yeah. Well, they can all kiss my non-spanical white butt. Oh. Okay, sir. God bless you. Yeah. He said you can kiss his rectum. I'm both cheeks. Okay, as what he said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp, pomp. You know, why you hate to do being people? Oh, shit. I'll never forget her as long as I live. Me. Why do you do me? You still me? Yeah. Oh, it was just unbelievable. Oh, yeah. That's what we should have had the last 40. That was plain non-stop on this radio station. Maybe this town needs a gigantic either an animal or an exercise system. Oh, yeah. That's what we can use. A big frickin' exercise system. Although we don't want too many priests to come and down to this town. With all the Catholics we got running around on loose. Oh, boy. And by the way, for the guy before that month, it'll how I like my Hispanics. I'll send him a picture. Here's Miami, hello. Here. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? This for the old bitch. Me, Lee. Why you do this to me? Hey. He was great. How you hate to give him people? Why you hate me? Yeah. I got a question for you. She's okay. That old bitch. Yes, sir. Cuban bitch. I think there's about 10 million to 12 million approximately million people on the island. Yeah. Probably said 11, so that's why you have to intend to have good deal. Okay. That was a real tunneling with people called. And then they kind of were, what would you say? Like one million people? Two million? Two million? One point two million humans. That's too many already. Right. Oh, yeah. That's about 10 million people. At least 70% of the Cubans themselves were stuck in traffic. Yeah. Of course. Can you believe that? Yes. They were doing to themselves. That's enough. You know what? That's like they're talking to blacks right and they brought up their own neighbourhood. Look at a couple of that. It's the same kind of thing. What kind of car does that? Right. Yeah. Can I say something to local themselves up there and high aliases? They say, I got I moved out of there and went to Pembro Pines. I want to say something to them. Right. I lost where was you two Spags. Okay. All right. Now we're getting a good stuff. Yeah. Okay. Upshitting. Anybody doesn't understand it all it means is. Do you want to do this? Yeah. That's all it means. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile online. Here in a place that God has just forgotten about. Okay. Thank God. Can't forget. Even if I wanted to. So Peter Leonard's on the way back with my glasses and he went to where to lens and he was applying. Thank you. I'd like to look at the line scratcher for being there. And I bet you without asking. I bet you to God that you left the message out of the machine. Never called you back. Oh, no. He did call back. Oh, that is 30. 10 30. Well, that's not a bad time to you know. Call into the office. Open up the door. 10 30 in a morning. We probably have to check his voice. You know, change the sign from close to open. Yeah. But you were calling him for like 20 minutes. There and there was no answer. And what did you say? star but at least we know that he's there and every now and then he opens up before new and that's good just in case there's another right agglassy emergency but glasses are pinniest but don't ever try to sell me on contacts oh hate them I mean if you're real vain I just you know I know some people like to have that a very vain don't like glasses because they think it makes them look over in my case what difference does it make you know they're gonna make a difference oh they're any whole no so that's it so let me tell you about the kind of his bed of the way I like my Hispanic here's my name he hello you got yes sir speaking hey what's happening nothing like that couple things I love your show number one but you know something man when you when your protests like that I thought it was required to have a permit to protest in this country most people need a permit to protest it like to helmet laws for the early people are there or any or the Haitians or anybody what is the big deal and not only that but when they when they do have a demonstration in fact they the police over there on the beach so this is the first time that one of these has ever happened were the leaders of the demonstration didn't coordinate their activities with the police so that there could be some cooperation so that they could you know be prepared for it so that you could divert traffic or alert people not to go you know what I'm saying absolutely no consideration for anybody else the Spanish language radio stations get on the air they whip these people up into what are you they do totally irresponsible things they create civil disobedience and the government doesn't do anything to my what about life of me I don't understand absolutely kneel and what about flying American five these people are and you're not a state of America and I'm not a man not only that here it is the fourth of July holiday weekend coming and we got to be treated always communist leg being waived on our face while you're stuck in traffic for me you know and people also are playing tickets there airplane reservations right a lot of people like you said having babies before earlier this morning right meal this is ridiculous yeah okay and a lot of it and and it's only a miracle it's only just thanks to the collected the miracle that none of these things happened and nobody died or there wasn't somebody who had a reasonable right not only that a lot of talk about castles angels being put here this is all castles problem this is all castles putting people in here in this country to to mess up our society being Americans look at any neighborhood you know bars on the windows and things like that come on you know well that castrocial retard thank god nobody's getting carried away I say I just am sick and tear the whole bunch of crap you know I've been to 20 years of this swivel and it just keeps getting worse and worse every time you take you make a little bit of progress you take a half a step forward and 45 steps backward every time you all just young got at by the way I heard a beginning a hang show yesterday I wish maybe we'll someday get the first call off an issue the goddess in the near penis looks like a faggot and thanks to oh yeah he kind of yeah I realize Hank isn't here today is not as way out to Vegas I hope he has a great time but it's real easy for the you know the jock mentality like in a morning show and certain other shows to get involved in this homophobic crap I'll be the one to call the faggot okay let a spade call a spade a spade however that old saying goes yeah I heard your call you jackass and I kind of like think about it for a few seconds before I guess he decided to embark to launch out with hey that's what kind of oh yeah we know what those faggot's look like right Maddoq on Maddoq on here let's get back in about again to why you're at it you know why you don't like a zor gubernat Maddoq it's so anyway we got a 82 parts series on old Cuban trolls that George is gonna be doing starting next week 26 passed noon at 5.60 WQM are you selling your home maybe looking to buy one maybe you're moving out of day oh what a bad idea come on somebody's got to stay there plenty up Capitolboy when the And his brain was in his home. He twisted that one game. That was the best to get fame. We are the real quick-a-head. Well, you're talking about time I don't want to stop. Whoa, whoa, whoa. This is a wild, wild, wild, wild. Longing just below. His campaign was far too far to come. He betrayed all the French and make the move. The treatment was so much never, not it was wrong. He's been in career spoof at all the time. Now and not safe from the red, I'll be safe. They can no see the catch. Hail to the coward in the sea. Oh, what? Oh, you're following me. Oh, whoa, whoa. Oh, whoa. Now he's on the planet. Oh, whoa. Wow, that's a giant of town. Oh, I got a fact here that I would waste his time reading too because it's just a single thing you can want. One, your fact either of you's a dirty press, it's me, it's hysterical. He says, along all the other, condemning me and the colors and everybody else. As far as humans going back to Cuba after Castro, that's absurd. Cubans have already been uprooted once in a lifetime. Why would the Cubans that have successful business and Florida lawyers, doctors and engineers be uprooted again? So if that's the case and the successful here, what's the problem? Oh, I'm sorry. You are gullible here today. Yeah, well why? What did it do to me? Just take a few more relatives out if there's any left there, which I doubt there can be too many, and that's it. You're loving North Dakota. Here's one of the says I was born in Cuba 40 years ago, and aged 12, my parents were granted a leave and we left the island and the settling residents in Madrid, Spain. We struggled for four years, not only to make a living, but working toward obtaining a visa to leave the Spain and reach the US. The original goal behind my family's decision to leave their entire family is just to get me, there are only some out of Castro's Cuba and on the land of opportunity. We eventually arrived in the US in 1977. They concluded to a long and painful struggle, but a legal struggle that would achieve our original goals, live in prosper in the US just to gain freedom. My parents sacrificed everything, their homes and families to gain my freedom, and they did it legally. Not by swimming here, taking a raft or hiring an agent. Regrettfully, I believe, most of my Cuban compatriots have forgotten their own roots and their own reasons for leaving the island. We left seeking freedom while condemning dictatorship. But once a year, our payback to the country to open the doors to so many of us is our adopted version of insulin's dictatorship and the science. It's embarrassing and simply intolerable to see people force their way of thinking under a community that has given us the opportunity to something and great deal of people around the world would die for. Freedom like a spoiled child that says freedom of exclamation. Like a spoiled child that didn't get their way. And embarrassing day for those of us of Cuba decided to say, there you go, thank you sir, whoever wrote this, Maryel didn't read the last part of that too well because the punctuation kind of like Taylor, but I understand. Yes sir, how you doing amigo? There's our colleague Edman. Got some good water for us today. Which I think there's something next to it. 560, 505, 60, pound 560, one mobile one line. Yep, I want to try to keep imposing and imposing and inflicting and making excuses. The fact is we got a lot of bigots out there. We got people of hate Cubans and Jews and Fags and this one. Oh, that's a black. But that's not what we're talking about here. I think that you've been people. I mean, when I hear such stuff, it's just so pathetic. And again, you're not fooling me because I've been through this. I've been around a block with this gap too many times before. It's just a cover for the fact that you don't want to. And it wasn't 800 people by the way, one. It was thousands of people. It was more than 900 and one spot. More than a thousand over there in another spot. I would say like about 3000 is what it was. Which of course does it represent 1.23 million people at us correct? But still, it's too many. And too much silence going on. And too many people are going to be in the same tune. Nobody's saying, hey, this isn't the way to get our things done. And nobody can tell you the fact that all arrested the town is just being held up. And once again, internationally, we're being made to look like the banana republic that we are. But again, I'd like you to anybody care about that because nobody cares about this place anyway. How was Junior Olympics coming by the way? The Pan-Angain. Here's Miami Beach. I mean, good afternoon. Last minute reports from Radio Manbij. Radio Manbij. Radio Manbij. I don't know, they're going to have a protest and massive protest. Stuff with 8.3 and 13 Avenue. Now, is this a protest to celebrate our victory in my car to go away? So what are you, how can that be a protest? Well, you tell me. It's crazy. Now, it's talking in series for me to tell you. This is not accidental. It's a well-planned situation to gain control, more control of this South Florida. They are very worried because they have been serious talk after many years of confrontation between the United States and Cuba. And that makes the ultra-high wing elements in the Cuban community very worried. But trying to do now is against, again, to continue that same confrontation of many, many, many years we have with them. This is not a joke. These people were dropped. These people came from the Bahamas because no way that they could get up to 84th and calling in that kind of small, little, rigidity boat. So I can tell you, this is one thing for your authority to worry. The Cuban and the community are not different than any other people in the United States. What happened is they take what they have given them and more. And if you want to blame somebody, don't blame this ultra-high wing fanatics. They are like a bunch of car-following leaders. Is the politicians and the authorities in this community? And the media. And the two of them, of course. No, and then the English, like with me. They didn't say that. And those people are still at the same stations. More to what they do, they ditch about, but they don't do anything about the hero. It's probably in this moment. They're leaving their all of these things because they play it into the hand, trying to get power, time to share the power with the politician, the Cuban politician, which they never did before. They used to confront an act like a normal United States, and they're trying to do it because they find the best way to have power in this community is to share that power with the Cuban politician. So maybe somebody in this community will wait to what is happening. Because what is happening is very, very serious. Okay, I'm going to see you. 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Thank you so much to Peter Leonard. And thanks to the people who learned crafters for coming through for me. And this is our great now. They put a stud in there. Nothing like going on vacation with a stud. Or he's not going. Here's a fact by the way, this is understand you're having a problem with your eyeglasses. My name is Dave Field. I'm district manager for four eyes optical company. I'm dispatching one of my stats to the radio station with a, oh, why is he doing that? What time did this come over? Or 10, 22 in a morning while I guess he must never gotten here. I hope he don't come here because I already got my, he must certainly talking about him. Thank you so much, Dave. Next time we'll take you up on real quick. I'm going to say this thing. The guy from the water hill store was on his way here. But he must have heard that we already sent Peter Leonard on a way to do the job. Thank you Dave from a four eyes. Go, boss. He also, you more. Oh, dry. Now the prospect of you. And the power you put there. Did you say his life? If your eyes either die, he started God for his death. I hear you! You have a brand new style too. We love the way you want to or do. We speak. You're just in the breezy mic. You're taking the two of us over there. You're just in the breezy mic. Boom, with the speed of our good sound. And the bad guy straight to hell. When a filming starts to flow, you're just in the breezy mic. It's gonna be a bit... It's gonna be a bit... It's gonna be a bit... Drawing on a mobile, you run WQAM. Hello. How are you doing, Hank? Hey. Man, I'm disgusted to... I'm Cuban, I'm disgusted by... Mayor Penelis number one. I think it's a little vague. And he's just... What did you call him? I don't want to repeat it. No, go ahead. He's a little vague. He's a little vague. Is he? And he looks like one. I mean, he's just... he's just... he's a little bit... He's a little bit... he's a little bit... Where's he again? That damn vague. I can't stand it. Yeah, he's a little squishy. I guess because he'd always met a conaster, a little... ...squishing. I've got an air hammer. Yeah! He's been to Sped, and he won't be on today. What? He's been to Sped, and for making that homophobic remark, you managed to be on. Yeah! For the Sped, and Hank Goldberg, it's who today. Here's the facts from Luis by the way that says, I would like to start by saying I enjoy your show. Always agree on all your views on certain topics. He'll cut! Especially on his Cuban parade of bull... I thank you for mentioning earlier that he was an on his Sped, and don't generalize those suspense with Cubans. Here you go, George. Because I'm not Cuban, isn't it? And I was as pissed off as everybody else, because I was stuck in that traffic. I don't want to be classified together with those other spics. Thanks, Neil, and keep up a good show. And by the way, how come you don't like the Cuban people? I just added that. I just added that all the ways because I thought it was most amusing. So George made a good point here several times, over these last 25 years, and that is that the Mexican State the Puerto Ricans and Puerto Ricans had to columnize that the Venezuelan State the Peruvians, and everybody hates the Cubans, because they keep doing these things, and if they would stop, we all like them a lot better. Five...and that's how that song by Tom Liergo? Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. There's another good one for bulk of Brian, by the way. The Vatican Fag, or is that national, whatever it is? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I'm talking about the truth so much. One just thing, where you did with Bob Lincoln, that you ripped off in the Vegas trip. Who got ripped off? The problem, you put it to the show. Did you go on the trip? Yes, I did go. Yeah, and how come now? How many years ago was that, sir? It was like a couple of years or it. No, no, wasn't a couple of years. Last year, we did with Bob Lincoln, was like five years ago. Right. And something is there? And how come you're waiting until five years later to launch a complaint? I didn't have any complaints. Did you say nobody had the guts to come out and set it? And come out and set it? And set it. And set it. And set it. What? I thought the hotel, that was the worst hotel. If I invited to Miami, am I going to put you in the hotel? I'm going to put you in the bathroom. The Imperial Palace is the worst hotel in Las Vegas. We didn't have any problems there. What are the worst ones? No, what is that? Because absolutely not. The Imperial Palace is five. It's not one of the most fancy, fancy or brand new. There was an audition in which how come you're waiting until now? Because you've got to have an ethnic chip on your shoulder to complain about a tickle as Vegas with Bob Lincoln, which I don't want to hear your bull crap. Okay, asshole. Say, don't deal with the issues. Attack me now. That's right. Attack me. Always a terrible trip. So, don't go again. Okay, asshole. Hey, probably still had a great time. And by the way, when we went back to the European Piero Palace, we went to the MGM. What is that it to do with blocking traffic? It has nothing to do with anything. Don't you understand? Like I said, he has no response. So, attack me. Attack the messenger because he can't respond because like I said before, it's not rocket science is very simple common sense. So, he's a professional Cuban. So, therefore, he's just like the Olinie, but with a Alicia camera out with it. Why don't you like the human people? That Alicia camera out with it, okay? This guy, he's got to go through Bob Lincoln. And by the way, did what did I attack Bob Lincoln on the year 50 million times for this? Eight million times? And we don't see him anymore, by the way, since he tried to palm me up on it, the seminar with Bob Atkins and Julian Whitaker guy. I didn't say the right things on it. I don't see no public anymore, but those vitamins. And with those travel books, we'll survive without him. I was the one to complain about how did this guy think I felt after having nearly having a nervous breakdown with Bob Lincoln and those two nightmare trips to Vegas. That second year standing there looking for the plane that was sitting there on the other side of the runway. Oh, well, somebody didn't play the gauntlet fees while Bob's on a phone setting up his son's wedding in Vegas. And I'm the one that everybody's coming to. Me, I want to end of course. Did we get any support from the radio station from Bob Green, your good friend? No, no. From Mick Alpall? No. Anybody, of course, not. Because they weren't making a lot of money on the deal, so screw me. You know, he wanted this deal and the screw him. And then, of course, we had the Steve Nickel deal with you. You could post personal friend, Rocky, I rent a rea whatever her name was. Rocky, a road. What was your name? Rutton, but Rocky, Rutton, Berg, how could I forget? You're not promoting this and I've got it, damn it. Are you spending any money on it? No, we're giving you $15 million worth of free promotion, bitch. You're not promoting it and I was promised. That was told by Steve Nickel. So anyway, have a good time in Vegas here and I don't go to the Imperial Palace anymore, but it's not that bad, great location right next to Atholam. Huh? I hate the Imperial Palace. And so do I. I don't stay there, but I'm not saying it's a great location. I don't say I love the location's great. In addition to which, have we ever been in Imperial Palace before? No. So what's that? I know. So if you want to make it complete, I'm sure you'll find Bob Lincoln in the phone book. And if you do find it by the way, let us know. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, I like one. Okay, sir. Listen, I have a question. I don't understand why this Cuban people feel that we owe them anything. Do you hate the Cuban people? I don't hate the Cuban people. I don't know what the stand is that I pay enough in taxes. Yeah. And these people, it's the living this country is a privilege. Yeah. What we did out on the coastline. We protect our country. We don't need any more people coming into this country. That is, we can't take care of the 260 million people we got already. And we need more people coming up on shore and demanding to be here. Yeah, let me ask you this. What's going to happen when the Cubans cast their dives? And you may have already been dead for a few years. They may just re-running those video tapes. Yeah, I think so. What happens when they do die and clicks in their heads that, wait, it's going to party over 10 million people in a fort on shoreline. That was an example the other day, we're going to do it six. What are we going to do 10 million? Yeah, no, I think what we're going to have is about a half a million swimming back. Yeah, 10 million. We need to push them all back. Okay, thank you. There you go. Five to see. There you go. You get people pissed off right away. They say, okay, don't let the door slam you in the answer in a way out. Five six, seven, five, 60, pump, five, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, but these people are saying, well, that's their saying these things because they're emotional to when they get pissed off. And that's that's the kind of hatred you engender when you do these kinds of unacceptable things for no good reason whatsoever. That's unacceptable. I don't care where the people on channel four or channel six or channel seven or 10 or the guy named Harold or the son, I don't care what they tell you. Because I know they're just pandering. I could come on here and suck around to and put on his big act. All of this was so courageous. It was another smuggling routine is what it was. That's all it was. There was six people smuggled in and the Spanish language media got on there and every politician that could get his teeth into it and get a piece of this act and suck the blooded drive for every ounce that could squeeze out of it. And that's the deal you see and it is only a small fraction of the Cuban population of this town, but they know that every time they want to whip up their troops, they can get at at least a guaranteed number of people a few thousand every time to go out there and to act like a bunch of crazy people and do whatever they want. They know that. Radio Mombie and radio Lamparo also all these other piece of craft stations that do nothing but keep singing the same guy named song 24 hours a day. Do you have a good day? Do you have the same old tired crap just put it on the guy named record of it like where I step on singing. Put it on the new planet. Here's a mobile in the Gabel. Hello. Yeah, how you got Neil? Okay sir. Look at Neil. I'm going to start a Cuban fading started to eat other Cubans here in the club in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to hear what you're going to do. I'm going to hear what you're going to do. I'm going to hear what you're going to do. Okay. I think it's a lot of it. My mom approved. I was raised by a beautiful generous American couple and consider myself Cuban American. I wear American flagd shirts and all this business. This year has got me so pissed off that I mean understood, but stopping traffic is not the way to get people on this side. Yeah. And if I see you in my lane and I'm going to get later doing something, I'm going to instantly try not to have a breakshubble. I think I might develop some breaksshubble real quick. There you go. Hopefully, you know, and another thing is I got to say, well, my kids are my leader. Will he finish winning? Will he? Could I back? I mean give me a break. Will he? Tint is my leader. I mean, who is you ever have somebody that makes cigars or somebody that smokes cigars? And you get smoke to use it for something else and then get a little. Okay. God bless you, sir. Thank you. Okay. Next. By the way, I forgot to mention this again. So maybe they either had nobody show up there or they had a few people show up for one or the other, but they didn't bug us for another thing on this. Oh, yeah. They did bug us about I forgot. Oh. Did they have anybody show up? I'm sure I have. Huh? The QAM van is at the Amigo gas station, 2105, this game, both are North Miami Beach right now. It says to one o'clock, but if there's Martha probably left. Not the QAM goodies and wild wild west movie stuff. And maybe if you're lucky they'll let you buy some of those QAM t-shirts and hats that they're selling in the employees you're at QAM. Oh. At a discounted rate. Like 50 bucks a pop. I mean, that that is something I'm going to take with me on my vacation and think about for hours and hours. They are selling station promotional things to the people who work here. Only the measly beeslead and Gregory could possibly ever come up with a scam like this. There wasn't enough that we got that frantic facts from that Porsche Leper up in Philadelphia. You can't even put a loaf of bread on the table for his family because they owned the $75 since before Jesus was a baby who did a string and job on a Marlins. That was a bad amount. But now they're selling stuff to the people who are working. Whoever heard of working in a place where they said you went anything. Whoever heard of such a thing. In fact, I maybe we can have the QAM commissary. How does that sound? The company store. The company freaking store. And there you go. Maybe we could pay John Harry someday. Yeah, if we just open a QAM company store. You want some water? Yeah. She can have the water concession, the water not see. You want some water that will cost you two bucks. Profimble for the course. Yeah. It's unreal. Mobile and Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm doing okay. I'm American of Cuban origin. I must say I'm a call. And discussed it at the display of ignorance and arrogance by a local minority of Cubans in this community. And I hope the rest of the soft part of the community doesn't generalize. And thank you. I don't, but I'm trying to do that because these people are very visible. And these weren't just the old usual people that we see clamoring and carrying on. These unfortunately for whatever reason were mostly young and middle aged people. A lot of young people. And what tell us that all about? Well, the fact is that they come here. I'm not so sure about that. I think a lot of these people were born here. Well, again, mostly the reason are rivals. Like these guys are just showed up. They're making them out to be heroes. You don't know who they are. And a lot of them come here, crime, political persecution, a crime for political asylum. And Neil, I know many of them who as soon as they get their green card. They go back to Cuba to spend dollars and have fun and bring Mama Sita, the near-fisier or whatever. So they are not political refugees or economic migrants. Right. No question about it. Okay. And so you have a, and the main culprits are, like you said, the Spanish stations, Cuba, Mambi, whip up all the simple minds of fools and so friendly. And that has been their gimmick for the past 30 years. Yeah. That's how they stay on here. That's how they stay on here. That's how they stay on business. When you can actually, and feel the answer to her out, that's how they want to keep all the people, you know, whip them into a fancy place. Right. And secondly, the Spinalist politicians we have. You know, when I heard Pamele say, the preservation that, well, people have a right to them, the frustration and protest in front of them, I can't have a crossway. I mean, they may have Pamele as you are wrong. People have a right to organize protest, but they don't have a right to disrupt the free flow of traffic for the rest of us. Right. You know. Okay, pal. Have a great day. Okay. Why did you tell her? Why? Oh, Jake off the way. It's good to ring in warm up. I'm so like him to win. Friends. Or. Now we get him say, think him about moving to my aminway. Think, they'll blend in. Go back. Go back. Go back to hell. You move it, though. Go back. Go back. Go back. You hell where you been, though. Go back, okay. We'll go to the next door, though. Don't forget to go for a kill. I can't see anything. I'm firing at you. Oh, who? What do you say to be who? Why? I'm just, I feel your way. I'm a savage, you're why there's a person. What been a person? Have I got to wait with this? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Except those people are so profound by the way who all said, no. Get down loud, okay. Don't come here. Don't even think about it because the answer is low. No. No. No. No. No. No. This is back. I can see clearly now. Too bad we don't have Johnny Nash. Don't we want to play that song? No. No. You're probably here at the one that knew 103.5. Now that Paxton and queer channel, butchered up she entered into the piece of crap. They just added a couple of letters after the SH. What it be, huh? Here's a highly, a hello. Hi, Alia. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm thinking tired of what's going on with these Cubans blocking the thing, blocking the highway. This is so ridiculous. It's embarrassing for us, the Cubans because we got some, you know, these are Cubans out there, but I mean, you know what I mean? I mean, I mean, I mean, okay, well, we're going to do that. Starting tomorrow, we're going to find out where the decent Cubans will all the decent Cubans please raise their hands, okay? If you're going to forget about it because you got to the bag over your head. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, 2, 1. I want to go on vacation, by the way. George Montana is going to be filling in this time. Where's that Montagna? Oh, that's right. It's a time and I forgot. No, I need to. I'm going to go in here. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Oh, sorry. We could check this speaker phone. Are you there? I'm here, are you there? I have a protest. Go right ahead. I've spent $120,000 on my education at the University Miami. Right. I can't get a job because I can't be suspended. Right. So I sit here right now talking to you stuff and envelope. Uh-huh. So I want to get all the reason graduates to meet me down on this game, Boulevard, and you were on the program blocking traffic. Okay. Sweetheart. All right. Thank you. Good luck. Good luck. Poor baby. Of course, the problem was she spent all that money at the University of Miami, but they were getting education there. Oh, but she didn't understand it. Too late now. Sounded very articulate, very nice to me. The problem is, no, it's big at a pot of man, and she's out. She's out. Well, too bad. Oh, yeah, we've heard that before. We've heard it before in all the alienation and all the hostile attitudes, and can't we just get along like Rodney King said. Can't we just get along like most of the law enforcement officers and soft Florida are saying, can't we just get along at that hot young chicks house? Do you agree anymore about that story? I think pretty soon. No. I doubt it. They got to the big old soft Florida brum and swept that baby around the covers. Here's a mobile in Miami, Lake, Sala. Yes, sir. I know how this is Cuban school of wine and things. Please don't generalize. It's not a little skewven, but maybe the first one to generalize. I find from Georgia, because I don't lady, but could you? Maybe say, no, no, thank you. Those are the new caragwans. Those used. Not that I'm generalizing. Those bags, right? I hate them all, just the same. And then they're all back. Okay, whatever you say, I'm not the anybody. I understand what you said. Oh, I said send everybody back. Or did he come? Hunger? 560560. I don't start getting an antiwood sky. He had a point to make. I'm not sure that I did I get it. Oh, but somewhere along the line here, eventually, if I would left the amount of couple hours he might have made a point. What he was trying to say was that the same people that are saying don't generalize about the Cuban, they would be very quick to generalize about other ethnic minority groups. And in some cases he might have a point, except, of course, the old lady who said, why are you having a Cuban? Oh, I'm telling you that just reverberate. It's like sweet music in my ears. This is the sound of that lady. She was, you know, just like every now and then you get a call from a real story or typical New Yorker who sounds like a stereotypical New Yorker. I mean, just the perfectest fits the role perfectly. And she was just to a tea. Just like Molly Goldberg was the old Jewish grandma's. This lady was the old Mama Cita. That's all. It was perfect. Well, you need to do that people. Here's a lady in pop it'll be, chill out. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I really don't like what you're saying about the Cuban. Which is what? What am I saying about the Cuban? What am I saying about the Cuban? What am I saying about the Cuban? Well, you're allowing all these people to call and insult us. Okay. What do you mean by that? I'm allowing everybody to matter what their viewpoint is to call in and say what they think. And if they get to up noxious, I cut them off. Is that okay? Or not? Or should I look off? And she hangs up the phone. She hangs up the phone. We've had Cubans call in. We've had Red Nix. We've had, uh, uh, I'm Cuban. His pants. We've had every kind of person on the phone. People are whipped up and pissed off about this. And she's upset that I'm allowing them to say it because, you know, it is only American. People are supposed to say, and we've had plenty of calls that didn't make it on the ears. We are because they were too obnoxious that I dumped and didn't make it to the light of day. And then I'm giving you the opportunity here to say your piece. And as soon as I say the slightest thing that you don't want to listen to, click. Well, guess what? Okay. Have a great life. Have a real great life because obviously you must be busy taking it up the butt. Eight minutes after one. Well, she's probably got a big fat. Rectome. Not that we want to stereotype the originabilized. But we hear about that. Up the butt. Stuff all the time in that particular part of town where she's from. Eight minutes after one. And that side of the railroad track. Not that we want to generalize. Don't be so. This is not at it. Water. 14 fees above the keys. 17. It's like I think a long week with smoke. It's been a 4 fee. And all three holds. And in both rooms six. It's like I said, it's a long week to a tree. When can we get on the way, you better get that finger out of your ear. You don't know what that finger is. Ben. That's five compartments. And it looks like a big pile of knowledge. Consamphal. But the first four compartments reach. But not five. How do the barber stand way? Not five. It's like I think a long week. When I'm fed of each. The water was filled with the tops of the butt hits. There's no stopings. Here. The fire is hard from this moment of matter. What's the do? Me, John. Big three. Titanic. Will found it. It's just one of touchable. Good luck. We're all counting on you. I'm pleased you make it. You're headlines. There's a sail. I'm pennies. Got how I need to draw. I mean, I want to get rich. Where did you get that dress? Awesome. Shoes and that. Oh, geez. 13 at 5. 50 WC. We got the mad dog Jim. Oh, right. He doesn't have any nice thanks on this weight of Vegas to be on vacation, but he will be on Airfund Vegas tomorrow. Oh, plunge in his brains out. And I'm sure telling yes winning a lot of money whether he is or not. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes sir, how are you doing? Pretty good. Uh, I think you make him good points. I think we should offer a get about the label about his been black and white. Or98.dependor. It can just try to be American. They try to be 100% expensive and deviant on eating Americans. Just be people, theخرification. Bamik. Right? You got remember 2 now what do we go from here? I don't know. I'm not trying to say the good and bad, but they shock how's that? Well that's why the pressure on a key, but it seemed to be good to be the one when we have a total of my opinion you think our politicians are doing a good job. You think they're doing things that bring the community together? No, I don't think that, but who can you blame? I mean our government allows these things to happen. Yeah. I mean the one thing that we... Well isn't our government composed of the politicians that you just said you don't have an opinion on all of our other? Well, I got an opinion, but you know... I'm not just some like an inanimate object or is it the made up of people? Yes, it made up of people, but you have to remember too that you know it's up to our government to make a stand on immigration. Yeah. And so, I mean, last night with a prime example, I mean, when you can go out and go through a lot of six people just to go through immigration like that, when you still got 10 to 15 people still waiting in the country legally. Right. American Iraq to the rest of the software. I would hate to think that, well, that's where it is. He would hate to think, but that's where it is. 560, 50560, I shouldn't have said that because now he's spoiled his whole day, his whole life. Okay, go back in the law law and certain pretend that there are people who are going to bat for all the rest of the Syrian software. See they've written off software, they've written it all off, they don't really care, that's the federal government, they don't give a crap about us, I mean they want to vote in federal elections, but other than that, they don't care. That happened way back toward the end of Reagan. In fact, I can remember having a guy in this, this was choice, I had a two guest on my night of W. News years and years ago, this was around the 80, 81-mariel bullet of time. And basically they said that this is, I mean they didn't put in these words, I'm paraphrasing, but this is dumping ground for Latin America, and that's what they've decided, and they basically written off software for any other purposes whatsoever. And that's just the way it's going to be, and if you don't like it, too bad, and I'm paraphrasing that much, I mean they were pretty blunt about it. And I said back in a little bit of a duck's master's blunt, that was long before I found Nixon all those great cigars. He's got, I've got up up one and I went to, okay, here's homestead, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I probably will have agreed with a lady called in earlier about where she died all the money and can't give a job. I think we ought to use this to our advantage. Is, uh, get a bunch of our friends with us. Okay, but you go right ahead sir. I don't want any part of it. 567, I mean, you know, talk about the responding to aberrant behavior by doing it yourself. No, I don't, I don't participate nor do I encourage the market to, I condemn it, okay? I condemn it violently, strongly enthusiastically, hardly unilaterally, it's said over in so long. Just don't do it. If somebody else is out there, you know, crap in the street, that doesn't mean you should go out there in squat two. You follow what I'm saying sir? You get it or not? I didn't think so. Here's Pinecrest, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, uh, born and raised here 52 years. So when the tanks and I'm said went down there, said Tom Ford, you know, protect these people yesterday. My wife needed chemotherapy. Could get to the hospital, okay? Shism and the likely cancer. So anybody who lives in the out there, list this. Thank you. Okay. And good luck to you sir. Is there anything I could say about that? No. No. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line. But the politicians don't care about this guy or his wife. Do they know or about anybody else who like, you know, old people over there on the beach? No. Or anybody who was in the middle of all that traffic that may have been, uh, any of these things. They don't care. And none of you assholes in the media by the way on any of our channels are talking about these things. Because it's just amazing. It's astonishing. We're talking about 4 million people here in John Florida and there's only one group of people that's got any constituency and the rest of us and all can go to hell. That's beautiful. Thank you so much, channel 46710. Thank you so very much for carrying it up not to send you very best and blow it out to your ass while you're at it. Here's Papino, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a quick. I got two questions. What about Neptune and Gania? You know, they have cops regulating the traffic in there. But they got problems with the illegal firework. I don't see how they, they can match that. And the second one is about, you know, okay, anybody get that? No. Here. Yeah, what was it Neptune or Uranus? I think it was the spectrum. Uranus he was on. Here's Pepper Pines, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I know, I don't know. Okay. I'm going to comment on a long portion standpoint of you. Which regards the incident. People need to realize that there were contingencies of officers mobilize to deal with the situation. However, you know, I don't need to say no more about county government and the individual who's running behind me, they're county. Yeah. The issue would have been addressed. But decisions were made. People need to realize that the officer work in the road doesn't make the decision. Right, well, obviously. So the issue and the decisions were made at a higher level. Sure. The second issue is, I think the county doesn't realize that they have set a precedent because of any other ethnic, religious, homophobic, whatever group you want to call. Right. It decides to go on an expressway and shut a roadway down. Yeah. So be able to do it because of any action is taken against them. Now we consider discriminatory and I'll have to be lost who is probably going to follow. Absolutely correct. The third issue is, do you think that any other major metropolitan area, including a county that we both live in, what have tolerated the actions of the individuals that night? No, of course not. So it just upsets me. No, I understand. I understand that you've got to do your job and you don't make policy. Well, you know, we have to go by that policy and we do what we're told. Okay. But I feel sorry for all the people that were stuck in that traffic. And I feel really bad for the individual, just call regarding his wife. But those are those of us who are out here who are not at 16 year old palsus, we're still trying to do a job. Okay. Hang in there, Proud. I take care now. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 5, 6, 60 on the 18. And then you can go back again at the vacuum of leadership. Vacuum of leadership for all the rest of the people. And it's not, it's not just a question of human to question of the people. At least few thousand people who go without their in a streets and participate in these things and are the ones that make all the noise and all of the disruption, the 3000 or 4000 or 2000, however many it is each and every time this stuff goes on, whether it's about to go with his little damn banana boat a couple of months ago or the fact that you were able to replace some stupid baseball games or this thing yesterday, whatever it is. So it's not that they're catering to 1.3 million people. What they're catering to is the few thousand people. The listeners, the lackeys of Spanish language radio who go out there and disrupt the whole community. Those are the people at one of our South Florida. 4 million people whose lives and fate and everyday life is determined at quality of that life by a few thousand selfish imbecils who have no concern for anybody else. Nice going there, penis and their carolio and all of you other pandering assholes you. 3000 not a 4 million, that's not a very good constituency if you ask me. And I'm going to tell you, Mayor penis, by the way, come to Tuen, Ithad July. You and your cronies and merits, dear home, you're in for one hell of a big surprise. The chance you got about as much chance of passing that penny sales tax with his metro fail and your bus bull crap as you have a walk out in the backyard and find in 75 million builders from Netherlands just flew in with a bunch of free dope. Okay, no chance. None. Thursday, July 29th. I'm where we already got a Marks on a calendar. We're going to spend the entire goddamn day that day and I'll make sure that everybody also immediately does the same thing. To get everybody who's registered in the county out there to vote a big fat. No. On his bull crap that you're trying to put over on the public again with a fixed election on a Thursday in the middle of July, when 90% of the people with a brain are out of town. Why don't you just get a billboard campaign going, hey, we got another fixed election coming up. We got you screwed. Because that's what you got in mind. Because you know that if you try to do it like in the middle of a, you know, like in November on ordinary election days, there wouldn't be a Chinaman's chance in hell that you get any, but it's not even a prayer when most of the people are here. Well, let's pull a fast one again and it's got this guy ought to be impeached this mayor penis. He ought to be impeached his freaking little pansy as ought to be impeached right now. Because he's not the mayor of all the people of the day county. He's the mayor of a bunch of his, there are a few irresponsible people who go out to wherever Spanish language radio tells him to do and break the God damn law. That's who he's the mayor of. And everybody else be damned. And by the way, nice back behind the door deal with Mickey Harrison too. The Cone is over there to hear old. Tony, ridder in those assholes. Nice school on mayor penis. You phony. His name should be changed from a penis to a pinga. That's what he is. Mayor Penga. That's what I'm going to start calling him from this day forward. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Just to show you how bad this count is. I go downtown in Miami and pull comments everyone's along. The metro day building. And you walk in there and there's not one person that's speaking English. Okay. Thank you. Here's a lady in four lotterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Okay. I just wanted to say that all the people that are calling about the Cubans are very obvious because see it only took like you said three or four thousand people. But we do have millions that were available to go if this thing last at any one. Well, what do you mean they were available to go? Well, in other words, you're speaking for all the Cubans in South Florida ladies. That what you are. You're the folks lady. Lady Lemme tell you something blow it out your ass. That's right. And I got news for I wouldn't let her run one more second because I didn't because that's exactly the last kind of call that I'm going to put on this show. Some bitch trying to speak for one point three million people who not only hit a head every opportunity to be out there, but they didn't and they weren't and they wouldn't be. Wonderful lovely people like you. I got news for I'm not an abuse of you sweetheart because you are a flaming asshole. You're an imbacil. You need to be on a garden in banana boat going one way. Do South or east or wherever anywhere offshore out of here. We have an endless supply of people who do whatever it takes to what is that great. Isn't that fantastic? She's the director of community relations for South Florida. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. God. There's another lady that probably is taking it up the butt. Too much. Protecting her brain. This is the amazing Gilbert. We minding you not to drink and drive this honey. Feed this. They're in the boat. My devotion and my eyes don't feel in brown. They're broke. When you're my feet now, we have to fall down. I'm wrong. The sweet sensation of strange sounds on my body. In light under what this shot, I've seen don't think it's nice. Don't think it's too close. Offends not dancing in the aisle. With a road that I should make them stop. But it always makes me smile. If I pull or raise your style. Fare for a day and a night. Drive them away from the windows. Oh, right. When my ears stand sway. Drive them away from the windows. And leave for a day and drive me. The way we're chenest but you'll mean. Look at home. 131 at 560 WQA and 560 75050. On the AT&T wireless line, as if we need to give those numbers out today. You mad dog man. Yeah. The goal bird between two and six this afternoon. I'm sure we'll have his own. First vacation observations of the passing scene. You're in South Florida. As if we haven't all been through this over and over and over again. Here's Kendall. Hello. How you doing now? Okay sir. The problem with Mayor Lentina is from the rest of these. Mayor Pingong. Yep. And the rest of these Cuban politicians is they don't understand where democracy is all about. Democracy is doing what's best for the majority while protecting the rights of the minority. Right. Very well. Not doing what's best for the minority while stepping on the rights of the majority. Right. And it's pretty ironic that this agreement is shot about Castro and the communistas. But they're becoming the same tech. And it's getting ridiculous. And I just hope that as voters, we can do something about it. Well, starts July 29. Don't forget. Yes sir. Just say no to Mayor Pingong. Got it. Thank you. I'm sure that they'll be trying to make political hangout of what's happened these last couple of days. Come that election. Oh look at here's the big hero. Here's the leader of the county. And he would never lead you astray and be sure and you know vote yes and support Mayor Pingong. Because this thing is going to be great. This metro rail train to know where that's already a billion dollar boom dial and everybody laughs at all over the world. And we'll see if we got you know a few people still have some balls and they county and a brain larger than God damn ball bearing. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. I think it's so stupid what these cubes are doing. I mean, they think they own the whole world here doing this thing. I mean, I have to take a relative to the hospital. Okay. At that time, guess what? I couldn't make it to the hospital. I don't think that was funny. Yeah. I think that's the most ridiculous thing in the world. Okay. And a few years back, I needed some help from the government. Okay. I couldn't get help from the government. But now they come from Cuba. They come from Cuba. And they get all the help in the world. And everything in the world, you know, and then they come here and sit on their ass for nine months without doing anything. You think that's right. I think that's all. So unfair to us. That's a washing gown or an air-aguality. That sure is man. I think you know what? Let me just say one thing. Take a mama and go to the school. Okay. 5. 6. I don't know. You're the interpreter. You didn't make any copy. Okay. Okay. 5. Of course no matter what you would have said, he would have said, okay. We saw the point. And of course, I know, no bigoted Bonnie. I know nothing. You don't have to agree so fast. Here's Hylia, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. When Cuba becomes free, I'm the one who's going to go. The first one who'll go back. Yeah. I'm the fourth one who's going to go back. Thank you, Melania. No, no, no. So I don't have to put up with asses like you. Okay. Well, thanks for listening to the video around your show on 5. I'm going to give it to Cuba because we know you've only got another 150 choices on your A and F and dial. But thank you so much for listening to this show. And by the way, call the cops because if there is somebody they're holding your gun, you had four seedless and five, 60. We want to know who exactly it is. Because maybe we can boost our ratings by doing that all over town. Five, six. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. I am just wounded the quick pal. I'm just so wounded. I don't know whether the screen read a banana. Here's the call from you, of him. Yes, sir. I'm going to go. I can barely hear this guy. Yes, sir. Oh, like you said, it was a call from you. There you go. What do you expect? Am I going to get in calls from you? Do we ever get calls from you? Oh, you know, just like that poor young lady has spent, what do you say 400,000, 600,000 dollars to try to get an education for family wasted a million dollars to try to get a education of you and now she's sitting on a street corner stuff and envelopes. Go to our real school pal. Okay. Go to like Miami date or something like that or no, or anything. Here's a mobile informeyer's hello. Mobile informeyer's going once on our dime, 12 minutes and 18 seconds, it couldn't handle it. Okay. Probably got chopped off. 560, 50560 on the 18th, wireless line. Mobile informeyer's hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I was in the queue for about two years. You were one? I was in the queue for two years. Is that where they put the clothes to none, you know? That's why I'm cool. Okay. Miami, I'm not thinking of further away you speak, but it's so hard to understand. I have a deep fact. You have a one? A deep fact. Okay. I want to make it common. Go ahead. Just a little louder. I was in Cuba two years ago and I have compassion for those people who tried to get into this country. What if you think this thing through? This is the legacy of lots of Kenosa and the dance Cuban American fund, no, whatever they want to call it. Foundation, yes. We should be having relations with the country years ago. I mean, it wouldn't have any pre-ful starving to that and anything free to remember. That is correct. That's why observations. Okay. Thank you, sir. Five six have nice enemies. Just sound like it. You know, it's just one of those things. The least he was up front of him. He had a five six seven five six. Five six. Five six. The only 18th. Wireless line. Of course, if there was a guy that wouldn't be people with, though, but you know, lot of things. Two more on the knee, all these other things that are going on. And the guy just keeps missing and missing and missing. Here's the crawl springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. When I turn on the radio, we have sort of in again today. I'm just thinking for myself, basically, you could have stayed home and played a better meal. Because this thought, this not the first time, sadly, and not the replay. It happens over and over. Okay, I said yesterday in your right of repetition, they keep making the same stupid idiotic mistakes over and over again. All these things keep playing over and over. You could have stayed home, played the best in the old and nobody would know the difference. Because they got them thing has happened before. And while we're going to happen again. Sure. That's the status part. Well, they're promising Saturday. They're going to be out there stirring up a bunch of crap again. By the way, I'm an American board in Cuba, but I think it's this particular, you know, cutting off traffic and everything else. Not the proper thing to do. Okay. Thanks, Bill. See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's not a tough one. It's not too tough to figure out. You don't go out there and block off the roads. You don't go out there and jeopardize public safety. You don't disrupt other people's lives because you got an asked to grind. Okay. And it was so right on target with so many people said, you know, when you start caving in and you keep caving in every time. Over, okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, we're helpless. We won't, we won't. I have a word of the devil draw the line. At what point do you draw the line? And say, hey, we're the guy then government. We, this is a country of laws. We're going to enforce the laws. If you want to change the laws, go to your Indiana, Rosanna, Danna. And we'll work on changing laws and discuss it. But stop trying to stick it off everybody else's button destroyed their lives because you all better. Because you got your, your one dimensional. Get the blinders off. There's a whole big world out there. I know it comes in a great shock to you. But there's a big, big wide real world out there. And unfortunately, we're not in it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. And have a nice day. Okay, that was good. I got to the break anyway. That was probably an act of, uh, Bill God. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 21 before 2 a 2 a 1. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know that you keep on checking my salary. I plan to put some fairway to you. Afterbody. Yeah. And my weather's broken. I'm not so steady to you. It's come on to me. And what's the things in my head? And a sound song. Upside. But it's beer on a day. You know. Yeah. Everything's in the room. All right. I'm on the way. I'm on the way. I'm on the way. I'm on the way. I'm on the way. But you could go to jail and then leave with me. And get a free. You and your friend are me. She was 25 but she's just a team. Look at me. I've been my life. I'm free. Daddy, go to court. I've got some work to do. They curse I've had to tell me. Girl, I'm not good. When she's blind me. I've got to tell me. I'm on the way. Oh, my show. All right. She's a good man. She's a good man. She's a good guy. She's a good guy. Yeah. Yeah. The girl is so spray-baited. And I'm on the way. She's a good man. She's a good man. She's a good man. She's a good man. She's a good man. On 45 and 5. 60 W2M. Here's a facts from Havi. A young Cuban who says the so-called leader of the demo. Cross-genalmen is that Jackass and Ramon Salaw Sanchez. With nothing but a meteor horror. And one of the instigators of the civil disobedience. He says basically he ought to take it up the button. What he says. Thank you, Havi. I'm sure you can get it up the button. Something like that. Anyway, it's according to two. We got Jim Mad Dog managed for Havi to a clock. It's a great day at a big city. And maybe someday we'll like to come out or think so. Oh, I'll come out someday soon. Like someday in the next 4,500 years. Because 6,000 years from now, who's got a member on this crap? Just keep that in mind. Here's Miami. Hello. New God. Speaking. New. I'm second time all this Cuba's washing up on the God damn short. What's that? They're going to get a God damn lunch truck. And you'll throw a foot out there? Oh, didn't you see it? Yeah, they had many in no cheese and whatever else they were selling. Cheese, I mean, it was me. I thought it had some ribbons on two when they were going to own the boat. Yeah. You know, please. Okay. Oh, oh. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 6. The effect of good news is, I mean, air in every dark cloud is almost silver lining. The good news is that they're going to move these six Cuban to wash the bunch or into the condo that O.J. was going to buy in Cocoa Plot. There you go. So at least we're keeping his eyes on it here. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Me though. Yes, sir. Yeah, this is our first time called a long time listener. My question is about the two men that's walking off all the highways. Yes. We have little less Americans going over there and catch those Cuba. Walk it off his highways because if we did, he knew what he would do for us. Yeah, he'd say thanks for the memories need rolling right out. Yeah, I don't think we're going to walk up our own catch those Cuba and see what happens. Okay, let's give it a shot. Hey. And have a great day. Hey. Up the butt. 5.6705. 60. On the ATT wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, you're really filing a jail to the Cuban, they think. Yeah. I mean, you're really jailed so much. No. Are you? No, I applaud them. They stay enough for the right. Yeah. They mobilize. Is there anything to have a right to block off traffic? Where is it? Where does it say that? Where does it say that? Where does it say that? One other way. We're not going to say an asshole like he's better right to own a phone. Is it say that he worked? No, come to two. No. Go confiscate his phone. Okay. Because he's an asshole. 5.6705. 60. On the ATT wireless line. Now I'm jealous. Here's a mobile of color rage, Chilla. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah. Two things. Why do I agree with you that what the Cuban civil is wrong? And I mean, a little bit of it's been here since I was three years old. I'm 43. So that's the American as you can get. But there's something that's interesting here. And you got to think about this. Okay. I got to mind him for one thing. At least like the guy in Hollywood using the green, what they stand up. My wife made this comment because I'm married on America. And if the Americans would do the same thing, you wouldn't have this BS that's going on in the schools. You wouldn't have this BS that's going on in our government knowledge corruption. I'm not talking about going out and blocking the road. That's wrong. But at least standing up for your rights and it seems like a lot of American. Well, the American don't care about education. No, you understand that the Americans care about education. We'd have better schools. It's not a priority. Americans don't give a crap about that because if they did, they'd be screaming Bloody murder and something would happen. They don't care about that. Why? That's going to run us in the end. Well, it's already is. But you get, you know, you reap what you saw. Harvard old crap goes. Yep. Okay. I have a great deal. Thank you. Yeah. I mean, you know, if people make enough noise, the old saying about the, the squeaky wheel gets the something. What does it go up the button? Yeah, that's right. But if they're not squeak in it, I mean, if they threaten to take away social security now, the right tomorrow, then you'd hear some screaming in the Ellen. If they threatened to close down the early bird dinners all over town. Oh, you hear screaming in the Ellen. But people are screaming about the wrong crap. That's the problem. But this guy, I mean, you know, his intentions are good. But you want to change human nature or the at least of the American people. They're just indifferent. They don't give a crap. They're just in law law land. Like Howard Beale said, they got their steel belted radios in their big screen color TV. And that's all even alone in the cut the crap. Is that what he said? Uh-huh.