Sports Radio 560 WTAM My Ami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rodgers you heard Talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for dating Brownard You're in your own 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil his guest's co-alurs or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WTQAM Beesley Reed Acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group Now Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Alright Yeah What's it in that whole watchin' whitewater dale talking about how bumper sealin' 95-yard rail when Southern's lead with the bullet and the dish up onto the screen Tain his partner and Bishop, he said this just in So I witness soon it's the bonno Martinez and the two live crew Oh, they're dead sales coming off at 530s, he pulls them from the stores Cause they so jerked, he's so dirty Oh, they're so dirty, they curse all the time Oh, they're so dirty, so dirty, old, they're so dirty They curse all the time Bob had heard the album and he was a Paul, he said, thank you, Chen, it's Reno I'm glad that you're called, we got some take on stand, I'll guess this 30's rhyme Besides, it's really close to election time The proud we're just friends that I will not fail ya We'll censor any mention of Denny, failed ya The selling fixed a kid going through to vertice the two live crew Yes, they so dirty Oh, they're so dirty, old, they're so dirty, old, they're so dirty They curse all the time Oh, they're so dirty, so, so dirty, old, they curse all the time He can't crap a bunch, so show he had guts The most of the people said the guy is a pun He read the land of that noise pollution Even though it went against the constitution And what did Luzu do in all of this job? So 10,000 more copies at 1295 He bought a brand-new Mercedes He's really hurtty driving it to the bank Because he's so dirty, old, they're so dirty, old, they're so dirty They curse all the time, old, they're so dirty, so, so dirty, old, they're so dirty They curse all the time Oh, wow 10,03, at 5,60 WQM, happy Monday, till let's start right off the bat This week with a message from yours, truly the FCC FU Okay, that's my message to the FCC You're not fooling anybody, we realize that we do live in a police state And now we're not only have the word police, we got the humor police The humor police We are government has got the time, this is with all the tax money that we pay Your government has got the time, they have an agency where a bunch of old-futty studies A bunch of anal retentival farts sit around, listening to tapes of stuff The signing, wow, did he say Reckham, too many times, and there was the tongue in her eye And all this other stuff And then when they finished it all up by the way, like they did 10 years ago at IOD They passed a message back to me saying, oh, our favorite one was boys, one sex and a morning We're going to find you for playing it, but nevertheless, that was our favorite one, I was really great Yeah, it was great So, what we had this thing Friday that we were very confused about, and of course around here, well you understand, our people are always Eeeeeeey A little confused, the last one said, or anything But this RNR, which is the radio and records, and of course they have this crap sheet that they facts to all the radio stations that subscribe to them They put this thing out, which we got Friday morning, FCC, C, SLAP, WDQM, Miami with $35,000 in decency fine Well, this is the mole, not the mole, but the mole Over at RNR, who's got that in at the FCC with somebody, because before we were even notified Before anybody knew about it, this asshole at RNR had the information, which is very nice That's always comforting to know that, but nevertheless, he's still better wrong because we weren't slapped with anything What we were given was noticed that maybe possibly alleged, etc. and so on And when you look at the list, wait, we're not going to talk about it on the air because we don't want Greg running around Go away Eeeeeey Churching for that hole on his head with his finger But when you hear the things that we're supposedly going to get fine for that, we'll play it on this show A year ago, May may have 98, you will just dive your anti-appearance And it says the Beesley Broadcasting Sports Station is 30 days to appeal And by the way, night's going for local media, oh, literally blew this story And we could use the publicity by the way, since our work for a company that doesn't believe in promotion The many kind of way or shape or form, we could use a little publicity here Do they have the newspapers, have anything about this? No No TV station, even Channel 10 I bet you, which hates me like poison And anytime they can put anything on the air that will put me in a bad light, they put a, did they put anything on about this? No Not that I know of So I think the all got sucked in there at the very end when Eric said us that facts about WQM and Naples And about how maybe it wasn't really a local story The only reason that that was in there is because the Beesley's, the headquarters of this company are over there in Naples But nevertheless, it's not very exciting and we're in Oh, and I think we got a tone to show now notes you No I think we got to be real polite Stop doing all this disgusting stuff Should we do that? No, no No Should we cave in? No You can keep hawking a trinic from now until the end of time And like I've said before, you ain't over the ten of assholes up there in Washington You make it up as you go along, always have always will And you give us purposely this vague and ambiguous and tenuous definition about sexual organs and activity And about ex-category activities Oh, don't play that You know what I think we're going to get to find a thousand dollars for each Huh? Wow, we're just starting to ring it up, okay? Just duck it in that cash register going baby Oh Wow We're already in the hole. It's only early Monday We've been on here for like six and a half minutes And we're already about 20 grand in the hole Overgrown children In this police state of ours I've never less and you know how psychic I'm always telling you that I am I wonder which day it was Maybe somebody in the audience remembers what day it was I was asking about Martin the Gronsky data rely And I'm scouring through my paper this morning I was always looking at the obituaries section first Oh my the way did I tell you who called my new doctor? Did I tell you that? You told me off the air Didn't find his name in the obituaries today, dammit Everyday I keep looking dammit, yeah Calls my new doctor Was listening to the show this fag show Anyway, so I saw some sentinel obituaries Martin a Gronsky TV veteran Oh, 84 he's dead He died of congestive heart failure He was 84 he's dead Commentator created the talking hits formats Still popular today Martin a Gronsky from a Gronsky in company I bet you there are five people in this audience who remember Martin a Gronsky Even you don't know who the hell that was Which I'm amazed I mean a really ugly guy Really ugly man he talked a little bit like that But he was a good guy, you know he was one of our people a real good liberal guy Like I said one of all nice people A real good Jewish liberal guy But nevertheless it was pretty interesting show He used to have that what was the name James Kilpactric there right wing And then the Carl Rowan And then the guy in the wheelchair And he had to kind of like in the little he was excited It was on there too that they dusted off the mothballs And brought back out again last week for junior And you know something here it is it's Monday the 26th it's a week and a half after the accident Have they stopped? No, no they can't stop It's like a runaway freight train is a junior stuff John John they can't stop it Air me talking head show yesterday was on and again They were all over like stink on The FCC Yeah Oh I got news for this FCC business I find I don't even I'm kidding find a word for it's almost amusing because it's so childish and so pathetic Oh But children might be listening I had children are on the listening to what Penis Children never hear of a penis you think No or vagina And of course we know that nobody in America heard of oral sex keep in mind This is a year ago may when a whole country was in rural den Monica gate And where was he sticking his cigar in which Right going all of a sudden stuff which orifice was going on in Ken Star comes out with the most The the serious report in the history of the US government And we were worried about a few blow jobs just something like that Or whether we had the Police in the right place which we did by the way But nevertheless So typical If you think that there's free speech in America boy you're living in a real In law land Ten past that at five sixty wqm your free speech station for the ninety Oh, notice the sports shows never get fined either if you ever notice that All right I think that's also when there it ten o'clock at night till six and morning And also on the sports shows they can see those words No We're talking about big counties Really are you snowing the bathroom Yeah, normal Right out Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be the same God, you sure is in there enough a lot Are you all right in there, Willie? Almost finished Coming soon to theaters everywhere It's Yes When I found my dad's forno Willie, where did all the clean eggs go? And what's this delivered to floor? Were you eating in here again? From the press and off were teen to the happiest guy in school Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's whole chest Oh, it's okay mom You and that go out I'll stay here in much house I don't mind when I found my dad's forno Made of PG 13 all kids age 13 must see this thing Oh, right 15 at five sixty wqm Saitanic lyrics by mexican singer caused devil over ruckus This is my favorite story of the year so far At first the twenty second introduction to the song Yannow no more by mexican pop rock bad drug Varia Trevi seemed low in gravel like an album played in slow motion Gonzalo and Donio producer editor for radio unica network 1210 a.m. was intrigued He taped the song and played it backward I want you to stop and think about this okay Stop and think about people who are playing songs backward again I thought we were finished with that all right with a back masking We're not finished Yeah, there we go In fact, let's do the show back let's play all the bits backwards and see if the FCC can figure them out Oh, yeah, there you go Let's say all the seven words backwards and see if we get fine backwards Oh, and by the way if they ever do get those fine to say ever do let me find against the beesleys How long before you think they get to check Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Don't be stressed out Wow Anyway getting back to this he taped the song and played it backward on Wednesday's edition of ASTATARDA a nationwide show based in Miami and was surprised they're trevy at a man giving orders Though is his name mal you did it wrong Poor Aso debase obeyed a ser that's what you have to obey TNK obeyed a ser you must obey among Spanish language media here and in Mexico The discovery has touched off a firestorm in the media. Oh people calling the messages say tannick Gloria trevy is a hotty That's only added the controversy over trevy who along with their manager sergio and dry day has been accused in the Mexican court of kidnapping and corruption of minors In two cases involving teenagers the parents of a teenage girl accused the couple of kidnapping They're now 19 year old daughter three years ago saying that we're going to help her in the music business another girl accused and dry day of rape and kidnapping and named trevy is in the Campus they got a fountain named after a don't they in Rome? Trevy and her manager are talking after disappearing from Mexico once the charges were filed earlier this year The couple returned this week of the state of Marellos, but I've yet to speak with authorities there over reporters How do you like that? Gonzalo and Donio on 1210 Radiol Unica he's playing craft backwards You know what we got to do we got to take that we got to take that I See how it sounds backward Can we do it now? Well fire fire it off. Okay Good Good Do more time Okay, now we can play a backward I hope you're listening Gonzalo because there's definitely a satanic message in in there Anyone? Yeah Is that it? Yeah Oh man I could loop it But it won't loop backwards loop us Okay, by the way here's a great outgoal scene piece even better than that tasteless Ben and Jerry's thing on the John John Here's a full page ahead in screw magazine July 26 What kind of man reads screw and here's a big almost full page picture of John Cardinal O'Connor It says after a hard day of upholding the outdated and theological rules of the Catholic Church There's nothing better than a man like Cardinal Connor likes doing Then ravaging the rump of some defenseless choir boy But like many decade and so this to corruptors of innocence The cardinal occasionally likes to vary his dates after all how many cute choir boys can a Cardinal cornhole before he craves a change It's at times like these that is holding his screws out of St. Patts to pick up the ladies copy of screw magazine Oh The perverted papers knows that the world's greatest newspaper is the place to turn to score the ass-reaming his guilty Catholic conscience tells him he needs Whether from a dominatrix a tranny or gay hustler right out of a Tom of Finland drawing Cardinal Connor knows that if they advertise in screw His prostate will get the man of the message so desperately needs and rightly deserves Cardinal Connor says screw always helps the right thing Help to be fine the right thing to stick up my oh, yeah, we don't want to say that because black domes. I'll get upset about that too. Nice going there. Oh Here's a call from Miami. Hello, you know, I do this for a case sir. Hey, you know, it's a dickless. They don't ban which stop from TV You're just getting along messages to everybody to see to it But but they try to ban here radio show. It'll really make people laugh and have a good time. Isn't that a big good? Woodstock was given people a wrong message is like if he gets pissed off about the water being too expensive You don't burn the place down as in it. Yeah, like like stuff like that. You know, I'll crap like that. Okay. Thank you sir. Okay. I'm under why we had a call already Hey, it's only Monday, you know Anyway, I'm gonna tell you how we may be making a transition now the most ridiculous front page in the history of so-called journalism I used to turn very loosely journalism when it comes to either of our local papers here Yesterday's Miami Harold on the front page. This goes to show you what's really going down here baby Well, first before we even get to the front page on top on the very top above the mast head It says Sunday Tony Martin money troubles of the dolphin sports one. See Now we're starting to get a little warm. Okay, but then it says the hero that on Lisa Harold here You go here's a big big-ass full-color picture of Levi on as in you think Levi's going to win any more games for the dolphin for the Marlon's Ed. Oh for the dolphin. Oh for the a panther. Oh for anybody here Time to go Walker empty and goodbye said Levi on her name is tries to make the most of his departure to pitch for the San Francisco Giants And here's Dan La Bastard now is when baseball hurts the most Marlon's are rebuilding They're rebuilding and rebuilding and rebuilding and they get somebody to people like and then they get with a him and we're gonna rebuild some more We're gonna get some 12-year-old kids some 10-year-old kids some eight-year-old kids Because we're rebuilding So I mean forget about the fact that this should be the last draw this should be the incident that causes there to be no people in the ballpark from now on None just the ushers just the people of concession people and just the players and the those who have to be there by law Anybody else know Too bad they've taken off to the road now. They're right for little for you Too bad that they don't have because I see on a Sunday yesterday on a Sunday they had 14,000 and Some announced and they don't want in a few games lately That's a bit step at a right direction which means they probably really had about seven or eight thousand people in there if they were lucky But the idea that this is a front page story with a full-color picture that tells you the kind of news paper We got here in this town front page leave on careful leave on traded In a town where nobody cares about the Marlins about baseball anymore about leave on about any of this stuff nobody cares Don't confuse these people with the fact if anybody cared somebody would show up there, okay? Nobody cares, but let's build a stadium for John Henry So we can get a 500 foot yacht. That's what I say we don't want to lose no money Now this is the week by the way this Thursday. This is what we've been building up to and I'm very very very very depressed Very depressed. Now let's see what about overall? Overall Oh boy, it's pretty damn close corner the Harold pool This was on page 14 a yesterday's paper on the transit tax this Thursday on the yet Phantom tax In June it was 50 to 39 percent yes But now in July and the poll they just took Is 46 percent and now is 45 percent on the side of nine percent And it's real interesting when you look at the demographic breakdown of how this support came out Now you would expect Hispanics to be in favor because the leader of this is mayor penis. Okay, can I say that on the ear anymore? No, I'm sorry mayor pinga. He's the leader of this So as a result there are a lot of people who vote a long ethnic lines no matter what it was you know If if the proposal on the ballot on Thursday would be for all residents of date County to chop off their left foot There's still would be you know a lot of hispanics say okay, okay Among white non Hispanic people are anglo's in date County 53 percent in this latest July poll say no and only 41 percent say Among cubit Americans in the latest poll 47 percent say 42 percent say no, which is still pretty close Other Hispanics meaning Brazilians and Mexicans and Ecuadorians and San Salvadorians and Columbia, Venezuela and people of that ilk and don't ask me why 59 percent say only 39 percent say no, what is that all about they're gonna be the ones hardest hit yeah On you well wait a minute here's where you kids better. I've saved the best for last Among dark-complexed date County of voters blacks 48 percent say And only 41 percent say no now how many black people are gonna be riding a metro rail okay How many black folks in date County do we have who are really a not financial he challenged? Who want to pay that extra 15.6 percent sales tax that extra 1 percent? Maybe 10 How are you getting sucked in how is it that somebody in the black community has done such a piss poor job of Educating the people there the people may come out in voters. There's they that this is gonna be of no Value them whatsoever. It's only gonna hit them again in the pocket before her's most bunch of little crap But you know this something how they're setting us up for this and Carl highest in by the way How about three times here right to call them makes sense this is one of me yesterday Which I will read by the way. It's great. Nice going Carl I'm looking care to read about your alligators in your damn manatees But once they're great while this guy actually says something in the Harold no less Transit and plan hides money pit says Carl high-essent Which you notice how they're setting this thing up again for real real just like the first one 46 to 45 oh it's nippentuck and then of course Thursday late in the evening Somehow magically to come up with just enough votes from home instead to put it over the top like they did last time with a metro fail Am I saying that they fixed elections here in South Florida? Yeah, we have dishonest elections We have dead people who vote yeah, they rig it so that they can get whatever they want If they pull this no job off on the people of this town man, it's gonna be one of the saddest things that will ever happen here It's one thing to make them mistake the first time And even though it's 20 years later after you've seen the history after you've seen the billion dollar boom dog And the failure and revealed by the way by the same people that are encouraging to vote for this again to trust the same people like mirrored steerheim that put it over on you in the first place And there are people that stupid are gonna go on vote yes on Thursday anybody. Oh my god We need a stupid test in this town Do you or your family suffer from things the makers of Zyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various Things Zyfan winter of the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects or work for two years running Scyther talk to your doctor today Some swallowing the brain in fitness and large amount of various blends and that's him always why to get history Attentations and plays of local sub-inessociated to use subscibe on other possible side effects and food times Business loss of boy loss of color loss of key strengthening of a hair a version of swing music zombies and night sex talking like Roger Beaver if you're getting exploding head in the gut some patients have reported blood vision for all in talking us Graduating the phrase good to go not news broken bones. Love you iblamic of high cholesterol lowest in wet packing costs dry He soft-dwaying me sexes clock watching and we're cool. Yes, I'm more significant number Scyther users are reporting vocational thoughts of chestband random loss of limbs cows are counting We see poor hit twisting the deterrence final straight and toying the line hit eggs muscle and it's Claudique and his gas cousin incessant stern and working Get your conceit list of side effects on our website www.siphane side effects are you kidding me question mark.org side fan keep away from cat dogs snakes children the young at heart and goats Zipin medicine for today's thanks. Yeah, we need to get a bunch of that stuff so we can total line. Oh Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Neil. Yes, man. How you doing? Okay Tech this out my husband works in a grocery store dealing with the public and He had one of his clients come up to a nest today and told him that he was authorized to give Any voter $30 for voting yes to the tax on Thursday. Hmm. I was out great. Don't be so stupid So this is what's gonna happen on Thursday And it calls the Alex Penela sucks. All right. Thank you sweetheart Now, of course we have no way of verifying that I want to make sure you understand that it's just an anonymous call out there But she sounded pretty reasonable to me didn't she didn't she sound reasonable oh yeah I don't want to say that they buy votes in date County that their desperate to try to put this over Let me read Carl Huyson's column. Okay. It's a little lengthy, but it's one of the great columns ever written in the history mankind at this particular time Anyway, especially in a horseball paper like the hero He says before you ride drive or walk to the polls July 29 remember a few things about the transportation plan that Mimey-Dademeer Alex penis is so exuberally promoting First and foremost it's a metro rail tax a penny will be added to every dollar you spend at the store and the bulk of that extra tax will go toward new elevated train tracks Estimated cost as much as a hundred million dollars per mile That's not a typo a hundred million dollars per mile The barn storming mayor doesn't dwell on the metro rail part of his plan due to the fact that metro rail is an ongoing flop No politician wants to be seen as throwing good money after bad especially the public's money So Penelis is wisely focusing attention on the less whimsical aspect of his proposal Expanding bus services yanking out toolbox on for expressways freeing up more funds for needy causes These are good things that will bring out eager voters the issue of metro rail will bring them out too The mostly on the opposing side It's not that people hate the idea of trains what people hate is waste and an efficiency and Intermountable debt the trademark of metro rail and many mass transit projects History teaches several unhappy lessons one it will cause billions more to build metro rail than they say Two it will take years longer to complete than they say three far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict and four Somebody will make a fortune off the construction That's one reason Penelis was able to quickly raise more than a million dollars in private funds to help sellers plan on TV for some companies Metro rail won't be just another project. It'll be a lifetime stipend The money will never dry up. That's the beauty of a sales tax. It's like a giant straw that just keeps on sucking But the mayor says come on people trust us don't worry about incompetence mismanagement or corruption not in Miami-Dade government That was funny right these are the same right bulbs who once paid two dollars per for foot for 97 miles of road striping that was never done nobody even bothered drive out and check The non-work was part of a juicy 58 million dollar package awarded by the county commission to church in tower a construction firm headed by the late political bully Jorge Moskanoza How do you like that oh Gee, you don't suppose church in town. I get a piece of the new metro action it says if not it's only because they're about muscle by other Co. companies with crafty lobbyists Correctly perceiving a trace of cynicism among scantelary voters Penelis's proposed a citizens oversight board to keep an eye on each penny collected and paid out for the new transit tax It would be a grand thing if that actually worked It would be even grander if the new railings were finished on time and under budget and if commuters and drove Abended their gas guesliss for the train and if Metro rail actually want to breaking even Such a thing has never happened in the anils of modern U.S. transportation. It won't happen here either By the time the final chapter of the metro rail saggy is written mayor penis will be a congressman Penelis or governor penis or more likely Grand pop penis and a few will recall his role in the penny tax. He might choose not to be called it himself If the transit tax passes hope for the best hope for new buses and less traffic congestion Hope for new trains that run on time and actually go where you need to know to go Hope that every new highway is scratched down the middle in other words hope for a miracle That's what Carl higherson says right there in a herald yesterday I don't call and you didn't even mention alligators or Manatees once Which is unusual for him There you go, lays it out pretty good And by the way, I hope you realize that even though the four the four tolls that they're taking down in a couple years is gonna be a whole bunch more new tools anyway So they're playing games with you They're giving you like a short term release and a long-term real pain in the wallet and on a highway And I look at these poor results here in July and even though it is coming up much more bare It seems to be in just one month to go from 50 to 39. Yes, the 50 4645 It seems it looks very much like the real people the rational people are starting to come back and say wait a minute This is a pile of crap We already got a billion dollar boom dog a lot there. Why should we spend billions more for pie in the sky than nobody wants to write anyway? This Thursday And it would appear once again that in Dave County the minorities as usual have the they have the upper hand in this How many non-ethnic Anglos we got left in Dave County seven seven people all seven of you need to go out and vote a hundred times and how about that call from that one who we just had? There's a real eye opener, okay? You think people might get paid off the go out there and vote yes this Thursday you think it might be because I'm telling you sure I'm sitting in his chair that the first metro rail freak in election 20 years ago was fixed They'll never convince me that the outcome of that election was accurate That thing I watched the election the election return is all evening long. It's losing it's losing it's losing It's close, but it's losing and then like in the wee hours the more all these votes from home stare just came in They put it over the top it pan Anybody believe it? No, no In addition to what you do understand that even if this thing goes through even if it passes There's no guarantee of a dime of federal money you do understand that don't you that they're all these other markets because the federal Dollars there just write up there's not that much left and all these other markets did major markets just dying for a piece So there isn't a guarantee that there'll be one penny of federal money to help build anything in the date county Pioneer sky and election in the middle of July Thursday July 29 do we ever have elections on a Thursday? No, we ever have elections in July in summer time and all this bullcraft about well They better do it now because otherwise in the fall when a government you know a hands up and money We definitely lose uh does anybody really believe that in their right mind? No This is the he always flip flop and he was against it in the first place now he does a complete turnaround Just like he was against the Mickey Harrison's big arena and then all of a sudden after they elected him all well Guess what we made a great deal. He's gonna build it after all Just a liar liar your pants are on fire And you can hit us with your alleged FTC fines with all your other bullcraft and run around town Everybody would unash the guy and a pervert mission at the fact is that at least there's one voice here in his town 20 years later who's been around here long enough to see the bullcraft and the cunning of the public and they the overtatching of the public And if you black people out there are stupid enough to go there and vote yes and give mayor penis your vote Then you get what you deserve Just one time get some good spot baby grow up here Very simple word even you can sit. No, there you go and And we can all spell it Yes, I'm a mouth it can't really over float it in two down and the redel heros that just can't do the down That's all the touring goes forth the way the other try to get to The only amni how to change the statement that do the amni and the rock Amni and the rock It's my song for It's perfect for a town Well, there's no like to the town Outside of what you do the best Like rubbing at the ends and shooting stories Scind vase and daylighter so they are against the hospitality antibodies that isn't that sorry to do long I read the website they gave the black cleaning story And then I wipe my ass up i wipe a shower And if I Follow 1046 and 560 WCM is depending on the turnout Hispanics and black voters could combine the test. Since they outnumber white non-Hispanic voters turn out to ring some elections is generally like this. But this issue is attracting wide attention, undecided voters, the poll shows good swing to vote of the county's more than 830,000 registered voters. 42.3% are Hispanic, 20.4% are black and 34.2% are white non-Hispanic. A little more than a third. How do you like that? You turn. Yeah. Well, there you go. There's a little bit of hope there. And maybe some more of who your friends will come around see the life. Maybe it all in fact maybe his name isn't there penis after all. Maybe his name is a Smith and it's in Larry. 560, 505, 60, p.5, 60. I'll tell you what, 40 dollars for a, how do you like that? Well, I'll do those bastards. $30 for a vote and 40. 50. We'll go $50. The bees will pay for it. How do you like that? Right. Of course you might have to wait a while for the cash. It's in a form of a check. There's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I want to talk to you about Europe. You know how you always say. I think dollars for an OVO. No. Yeah, go ahead, sir. You know, you always say Europe is great. I just got back a couple of days ago. Yes. It's two months. I loved it. At a great time. A problem I didn't counter, though, is the customer service there sucks. If you don't want to work hard, you ask them a question on the menu. What is this? Where would this? I wasn't Spain for the majority of the company. Oh, Spain sucks. I was in Portugal for a while. And I went to England for a bit. No. You were in Europe. I thought you were in Europe, you said. I was in Europe. You were on the periphery of Europe. Whatever. Well, it was the first time there. Yeah. And I went. And I was just, I was somewhat disappointed with the customer service. It wasn't there. They got pissed off. And I speak Spanish. And they still don't think they're like American people. There's just something. Why would somebody who lives here, you live where do you live? I went out of study abroad program. I live in Germany. I'm in law school here. And I went on a study abroad program. And I just got surprised. And it went. We were in Spain for about five weeks. Oh, woo. And now actually six weeks. Oh, I went to Portugal for a week. So, it's been. You haven't been in Europe, man. You need to like I said on the edges. You need to go like to the Scandinavian countries and the Holland and the Italy and the Switzerland. And to Germany, if I dare say that you need to go to the real countries in Europe. You were like on the edges of it. Have you ever? Hello? I'm here. Hello? Have you ever been to Spain? Yes. It was not. It wasn't bad. I had a great time. But no, we're about four years. I went all over. I was a person that you go to Madrid. Yeah, I was just got that. Madrid was a lot of it. It was one. Madrid. I was at an in Barcelona. And then on the southern coast. Uh-huh. And then we went to, I told you, you went to Portugal and I wanted to your brother for a little bit. I found the Madrid sucked to be honest with you. I didn't like Madrid either. I like Barcelona a lot better. Never been there. And the southern coast is mind me a lot of down here. There's the beach and the same crap that you're out here. But forgetting about the service. I mean, you can go anywhere and find something to bitch about. But what about the people? What do people, friends? The people were cool. The people were real nice. I had no problem with the people. But I'm just everywhere I went where you paid for a service, kind of a service need a hotel. They were just, they didn't want to be there. They didn't want to work. It was fun because I sent out a call of postcards. And, um, over the buddy in line, and we were like, this is, there's two people in front of us online. Well, let me ask you this. What do you think were the ancestors of the Mexican? The Spaniards. There you go. Well, the Spaniards and the ancestors of every Latin. Blazing didn't want to work, right? I mean, if I want to start any stereotypes of a better Mexican. Oh, much better scientific energy. It's the where their society functions. It's not it's the innocent. They've no incentive to work hard. Who invented chop with by the way the Mexican dirty were that? The Aztecs invented chocolate. Oh, I did that out all bad. Well, I'm glad you had a great time, pal. And next time you go back, go to some real countries. Believe me. All right. No, treat you great. Cool. See, yeah. There's a guy who was in Europe and says it was pretty good, except the service suck, but that's because he was in Madrid. That's what Isabella said that, you know, have you ever been to Spain? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, animal, mobile, and line. See you with this Indian thing, man. You're always picking on the Indians. What's wrong with you? What's wrong with the Indians? They like to gamble. I like to plunge their brains up. We like the American Indians. I mean, at least we can do what's going to give them our money. They're American Indians. Yeah. Nice people. You're a boy. You're a boy. You're a boy. And Cherokee. Right. And there must be a whole bunch of other Indians come out. Little thing. But also, the Mickey suit. Mark and Rampki's dead by the way. Oh, Mr. beginning of the show. I'm very depressed about that. Anybody in the Saudi Snow. Who that was? No. You know something. Sometimes it's not so bad to be an old fart. Because when looking at all the stuff that you know, everybody else goes, hey, like that. You say, ah, ah, ah, ah, there is something I know that they don't. Here's Kendall. Hello. And Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? I just want to let you know. Even though you're sick looking everything. You and Carvaya, sir and I are the only people know what's going on. Yeah. Like three of us, that's the start of a revolution right there. That's right. Doesn't take much. The Miami-Herald fails to tell everybody. He could talk about tax. Well, you're going to spend a penny on your purchases. What they fail to let the low income people know that that sales tax is going to affect their telephone bills, their water, their gas, their bill, like every thing that they pay utilities on, right. He's going to go up the landlord, most of these leases these people have. Have clauses as soon as he gets a tax increase, they could pass it onto them. So they think they're just going to go to the store. Oh, it's only a penny. And it's going to be bad for the economy of the economy because everybody is what? Go to go to a brewer. People are going to make any kind of a major purchase. They're going to go to a brewer. People who aren't business are going to lessen less shop in the county. Just overall, it's going to be an economic blow today county. And the Mayor kicks saying the tourists are going to pay 1. I have yet to have a tourist pay 1. 3 to my phone. Yes, my water. Right. So what could we, you know, give me the tourist the pay. And at the time you buy a car in the county, you think the tourists are going to come in and pay that extra 1%. Not at all. The other thing, the two other points, the Herald fails to mention. And they gave a steer high, a big call. Steer high told us the same garbage 20 years ago. 25 years ago, he stood there and made the same faces and the same promises. Don't these people remember? This is the same person who told you these lives 25 years ago. Right. And he's up there doing it now. Then we had the steer high and the higher show. Now we got to Dawton Pony show with steer high and Penelas. It's the same garbage. How do you like that woman I called about to with that story about 30 dollars for yes vote? I don't doubt that. I don't doubt this. That's not desperate. And then the other thing, the last thing people don't realize, the Miami Day and expressway authority, a group of 12 people who are not elected or a passing taxes on without any care of the public. You think this tax is the derivative. It only gets some bigger. They can pass like you said, once we pass this tax, if we pass it. Okay. And we get rid of the tollpods. Six months from now, they can put a tollpods up anywhere they want. Right. We all abolished these idiots. We had the Boston Tea Party to get rid of taxation. We had the Miami toll party and get rid of the tax in authority, which is the expressway authority. This tax doesn't get rid of these people. Amen. They're still there. And they're going to be there. And like you said, they're going to come back with new tolls. And if you read the Harold, they're given the same wives. The only paper I've read today is giving the truth. It's a big if the Fed's funded. Is this son said to know they're telling the truth? Penelas may not bring transit jackpot. I got to right here. That's right. So where these people live in? Okay, pal. Vote early and often. Thank you. Okay. Up to $100. Okay for a $150. $5.670. Pond 5.6. The animal will one line. Only three days away. But we're coming down to the deadline. I can't wait for Thursday. That's how excited I am. I don't even live in Dave County. I think I'm going to vote 20 or 30 times. Just to show them a thing or two. Just make up some names. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know a lot about politics, but it would seem to me that it's the first time they said, it's a made promise. The first time it said, oh, it's going to work out. And it's obvious that the metro rails are flops. Then why would people, I mean, why would they vote? Yes, I mean, I'm like I said, I don't know a lot about politics. It seems kind of obvious to me, you know. I would think that the poll would be about 80 to 20% against it. The people in this town have got any brain. But you've got to understand it's a very transient town. And how many people who are here right now are here 20 years ago. Most people weren't here. At the end of 20 years since I thought that's right. 20 years. Well, you're right. You got a lot of people moving to Broward. But I mean, still doesn't work. Don't people at all. And don't forget a lot of people can use 30 bucks. Yes, yes, definitely. And you know another thing. Yes, sir. I'll come this town. None of the girls are none of the girls put out nothing. Nothing. There's no good around here. Yeah. Well, that's all I got to say. I guess. Gotta come out. Maybe that 30 bucks might be a good start. I already voted for you. Take vote two or three times, man. I might work out for you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Don't be so stupid. Yeah. How about they do that? How about they bring in some hookers from out of town? And then they can get all the guys to go out and vote. Yes, huh? They might do it. Or at least they promised to vote. Yes, then they go in there in a few times. Yeah, that's it. Tell me you'll take the 30 dollars and then go in there and vote. No, anyway. That's a hell of a good idea. Well, they're going to be looking over your shoulders. That's a deal. Uh huh. Five six seven oh, or they're going to punch it up for you. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. We never had a first election this time. Yeah, no. We never had dead people vote. They're just sitting there waiting to put the squeeze on again. And to pull a bowl of horizon. Make a lot of money for those big construction companies. Probably is greedy bastard. They're the only ones that are going to gain from this. The only ones. And of course, mirrored steerheim. He gains because naturally he continues to run as a limpar. And may or ping a he gains because it's another feather in his political cap. So we can move on to be like Carl Hyson says whatever. You know, Governor Corley on a senator Corley on a vice president. Corley on a whatever it is he thinks he's going to be someday. We already know what he is now. He's an asshole. Exactly. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. Rolling sexy. Feeling. Cankey. Feeling. Old. Been coming to Frederick's of Hollywood. Florida. Retirement haven to the elderly. So you wear a plastic hair on it when it's sunny out. And a fur coat during the summer. Big deal. That doesn't mean you can't dump some crotchless panties in a barbed wire brought tonight. What? You've seen rubber panties. You look great in these snow grandma check up his jeez string and see through all their top combination. What? Oh, that's just nice beer. I can see myself really getting into that middle number. Touch you. Bring the husband. Bring your family. Bring your bed nurse. And come in to Frederick's of Hollywood. Florida. Look for one of the retirement community near you. Oh, and after 11 and 5. 60 WCM GM Mad Dog Madditch for Hank today to a clock from Mushelos State 2. Six o'clock we got to talk in baseball with Donnie baseball and six 30. We got to pregame the Marlins at the fillets. Biggie tonight at the 705. 5. 5. 6. 5. 60. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Neal Good morning. Yes sir. First of all. Thanks for all the entertainment and in focusing attention on things of importance here. You know, on everything. Have you touched on? I know you're talking about this. One percent sales tax increase for the metro rail. Yes sir. Have you touched on the article in today's Miami Harald about the tax break for elderly homeowners and how it connects with this tax? No. Okay. On the first page. Do you have the harald? Yes I do. You see where it says tax would fund 90 new miles? 20 minutes. 1. 1. 5. 7. 7. 8. 9. 7. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 8. 9. 7. 9. 9. 8. 9. 8. 9. 10. 8. 8. 9. 9. 5. 9. 8. 6. 6. senior citizens in the day. And it says that the total revenue loss would be over $5 million a year. And it says, and I quote, the county would reimburse cities for at least a portion of their loss under Penelis's penny sales tax plan up for voter approval on a Thursday, but city officials still concerned. This money is going to have to be made up somewhere. Typically, that means a decrease in service or increase in the tax rate for everyone else. So, you know, this man will why do us right off to that? Because of vote for Penelis, I thought was a vote against the arena. Right. That turned out to be not true. Right. And now, nobody seems to talk about that here's this tax that's being added on to, you know, for Metro Rail, which is worthless. I mean, anyway, nobody's going to use it. Right. And they don't say anything about that. Oh, get flat. There's going to be extra money. And we're going to give a tax break to all these other people. The only, the only people they tell about that are the old farts that they went around to the condos, Patryl, and then they're going to get a tax break and how they better go out and vote. Yes. See, they basically put enough enough plums in here for everybody. There's something for you. Old people, there's something for the bus riders. There's something for everybody to try to kind of public, and it is unbelievable boom dog also. We can do what they make the same mistake again. Right. Let me ask you one last thing. On, in your addition, does it have a map of where Metro Rail, where this new 90 miles is going to go? I don't see it. It's on page four in the data edition. Don't see it. Anyway, so there's 90 new miles in seven new lines. The major renovations for this thing is going to go from the port of Miami to the airport. Yeah. And then from there, it's going to go up to Pro Player. No, no, God, in the Broward edition. You don't have it. No. It's really amazing. Is there any talk about like either Wayne or the dolphins or the cruise line contributing any money for now for this extension or is this entirely going to fall on the taxpayers? Wayne? Yeah, for Pro Player. I mean, it's going to be used for the games. Oh, you mean the Metro Rail? Right. You think that Wayne is going to pay money for this? Oh, yeah, right. How about Mickey? Just like Wayne paid to build that access road. They're off the sawgrass, didn't he? Oh, yeah. Okay, pal. How about the banks of us? Yeah, Wayne's going to pay for it. By the way, you know, we were a gross crystal. They mentioned that on Friday show. And he's as much as I enjoy that place. And by the way, thanks for the free meal. As much as I love that place, it's great. The drive over there, if you live anywhere except in Fort Lauderdale, it's impossible. The drive from West Broward, it took me 45 minutes. No, granted, it was like six o'clock in day after noon. But I'm going to tell you, it was just unbelievable. And the idea of a stadium somewhere anywhere downtown Fort Lauderdale, even assuming that we had enough people who cared or that we had to team that anybody had deserved a pay to go see. A stadium in downtown. And as soon as they come up with these cockling things, you get all these commissioners jumping on a bad wagon and some of the people on the radio, oh yeah, that's a great idea. How do you get there? Is there any way to get there? No, no. It's ridiculous. On the face of it, it's ludicrous. Anybody ever tried driving east, like east of a 441 in Oakland on sunrise? I'm Broward. I'm commercial. No matter what time of the day, two o'clock in the afternoon, whatever it held it is, you just want to blow your brains out. It's hopeless. Talk about congestion for Lauderdale is like virtual gridlock. So we're going to have a stadium downtown. I didn't. For John Henry and his 6,000 foot yacht. Here's Boca. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Every time I'm down here, it's such a pleasure to listen to one of South Florida's gems and I appreciate it every time. And you know, just so many rip off Bob's Quaradio guys like Jim Phillips in Orlando. Yeah, we had last about two weeks ago. We had a whole bunch of people calling in here. Give me a song to dance about Jim Phillips. And then the real calls start coming in saying that he sucks. Yeah, he's the wannabe. He's the one of the be and he can't hold the candle to you. I got news for us. There are so few talented talk people in this country that if Jim Phillips really had serious talent, he wouldn't be sitting in Orlando all these years. I know. That's true because Orlando's a bum town, but it's you guys like you fill Henry's Steve doll and a few others. Okay. Better legends. Hey, finally. You know, I see what you're saying and I agree with most of what you're saying. It's not everything about this stupid metro rail thing. They keep in mind that transit systems in just about every city lose money. And it's more of a public service thing. But this sounds like a complete booze off around here the one the metro rail. Because that's nothing like the, you know, the one in the world. Let me tell you something. This, there's certain cities like Los Angeles for example, in Miami because of the geographical lay of the land because there's so big and spread out. There's no like central area like a downtown that anybody really wants to go to unless they work there. We're still already got that on the metro rail. A mass transit here is a joke. It's an impossibility. It's not the answer. It's too spread out. You're right. It keep up the good work. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the your such a all can't say that. Can I say that? No. No. Can't say that. I want to get the FCC. The federal censorship from which I'll upset again. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, before the week is out, we'll find out who filed a complaint. And we will tell you about that on the air. By the way, we will tell you that's going to be really interesting to find that out. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. And you. Yes, sir. You know, one thing is that I don't know if I can say this, but I want the school of merit to hear how I'm daughter. Yeah. I don't know if I can say this, but like her dad, I'm running grubbing flat. The other thing was that guy who called up little while ago about Spain. Yeah. Would that the no facts in the church boy? No. How did I come? No, wasn't. Have a great day, pal. Get your ears. Get though a little actually build up in there. I think 560 560 lots of openings here on a board. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You can tell these people are really pissed up and fired off. No. Aren't they? No. Are they fired off? Nine minutes after alive. We got some other news on there. We'll be side John John. Oh, thank God. They got Bill Humper back on there and they're talking about some missing plane in Colombia. Which that's unfortunate. Of course, the least it's some different piece of news story than that John John stuff. I mean, get over it already. Will you please please please I'm begging you crazy people in the media. He's still dead. Want a lolly top little boy? In theaters now from the director of Leave it to Beaver and the producer of the spy who shag me. It's the spy who shagged Beaver. To all make you home. Yeah. I know that. To all make you home. Yeah. I guess you're right. Yeah. Really. Really. Yeah. We shag now. We're showy. Shag and I said. I've got the breakfast dishes here. I'm going to be out. Just spy who shags Beaver. You're wearing something. You ain't got a new. Oh, be hey. Let me tell you. See, this is back to the coast of Wagon for you. Yeah, baby. 114, 10 at 560, WQM, the scum sentilist moring says. Penny Gamble may not bring transit jackpot. Just a couple of short paragraphs. Okay, to put something's in better perspective. It says if my me date county voters decide this Thursday, they want to pay a penny more for dollar and sales tax to wonder right public transit. It would get more buses. But no guarantee that no metro airlines will be built. They would see tools on a four major roads disappear. But watch new tow boats. Pup, uh, poop up, pop up on other roads and poop up. They would invest in a sweeping mask transit plan to curb congestion. One transportation experts and even supporters say may not put a big debt in Miami-Dade growing gridlock. Hmm. And like Carl Heisen says estimated cost of that extra train track that extra metro rail, $100 million a mile. Let's hear it. What a bargain, huh? Tim Fossilman and Miami faxes me this. Let her recent to the editor of the hurl was he doubts will make it in there. He says legislated gridlock, you didn't need a crystal ball back in June 96 to predict that we'd be unable to meet the challenge brought on by expanded development within the county. I pass in New York and it's a meeting the 1993 five cents capital improvement local option gas tax. The county commission guaranteed the worst thing a present roadways and reduction in planned improvements. In what I see is a false grand gesture the county commission reduced the then five cent gas tax by two cents. We are now asked to exchange a once an increase in the sales tax rate for the discarded two cents a gallon gas tax. Had the county commission acted in proper fast in 1996 we might not have some of the problems generated by three years of lost revenue. I've always felt the best way to generate tax revenue and support of transit is to tax branded sources. The obvious revenue sources the local option gas tax. The pair of a school side in the childening to purchase yet more school supplies in November shouldn't be subjected to an additional sales tax. I call upon those planning on voting on Thursday July 29th the vote. No says Tim only this will force the county commission to consider better options to provide reliable and safe transit throughout the county. Just vote no what Tim says. What anybody with a brain will tell you. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Oh Dr. Mark. What happened in Dr. Mark? I didn't make him wait. Hello. Dr. Mark you'll have to call back bad phone. Maybe he had his phone thing ran out. What happened to my good close personal friend Dr. Mark? 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Maybe that's him again right now. Should I wait? Maybe Dr. Mark would like to hear the results of my blood test that I had last Thursday. Here's my any hello. What what is going on with the phone now all of a sudden? My any? Okay great let's try West Miami. Hello. Hello. New sir. Hey how's it going? Okay. Hey I give you 100% this whole tax thing sucks. You know the ones that they should be taking the money out of her those fat bastard like rich inches and okay great. Let's talk this in adults here all of a sudden. What just happened here on my phone there? What just happened and half my my call just got farted off of the phone. I'm starting a little bit paranoid about what's going on here right now. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T. What did you give me for like that's a big good. Dr. Mark. Oh it's Dr. Mark. Well like I said. Hi. I had a choice to get to the phone or my car. So I chose my car. Thanks for very much. Yeah. He way I left the message that you're a resident. I've been in and out of class all week and I have another week to go. Yeah. So I was willing even. I'm in West Broward all day. I was willing to even make a meeting somewhere, a house, call or whatever. You're way behind the time. I had my blood on on Thursday. I heard that just now. I'm happy. You're a man of great patients that I knew that you I knew you'd wait for me sir. I'm not a man of great patients. I might not cholesterol was 209. I have to three months of not taking the protocol. My triglycerides were 110. And I'm still waiting for my home-o-system which will take us you know another few days. Yeah. Well you're doing what you can about it. Right. Anyway. I'm off the Glionation amount of the glucofage which seems to be working very well for me. Very good. I'm happy. I'm using my vacation time to further my education. Right. I'm taking classes out in West Broward. I want to be one of the hospitals out here. And I also wanted to call and found that there we are. Yes. We're headed out towards the University Drive. Anyway, I want to see Voward that anything across more than $100 dollars. I will drive the Broward for if this if the tax passes. Right. You're shows always been influential and I think that the polls going in the other direction show that your position is going to be the one of the wins I think. Our position I'll say. If the cost more than $100, this is my tax more than $1. I will easily drive the Broward. In fact, when this thing passes it's going to increase the congestion and roads because everybody's going to be driving with the Broward. Right. I want to say. Okay, Mark. You want to, I'll eat my tax number with Georgia later on. And if you want to submit over to me, I'll be happy to take a look at that. Okay, hang on. Okay, tell me. But tell me. I don't have it yet. But when I get the actual print out, I'll send it over. Okay. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18T wireless line. If you join us in this hour, if you missed the first hour, it's right there on page 14A in a Broward. I see when I'm talking about the Harold, evidently, there's so much difference between the two county additions. Maybe they figured they can't get away with as much propaganda in the Broward edition. I don't know. But I'm 14A. And yesterday's Broward Harold, they got the Appal results from the Harold and Channel 6 pool of 600 voters who said that there were certain the vote this Thursday in the erection. And according to this poll, it's nip and talk. It is known as to those where as last month in June, it was 50 to 39% in favor. Now it's 4645% in favor and dropping fast. And of course, keep in mind, back in June, nobody has spent one dime to oppose it. But now is there starting to see both sides of the story, more and more people are saying no white, non-Hispanics, us anglers, were the ones who better turn out in big numbers. If I lived in date county, I'd vote 75 times even for free on Thursday just to say no over and over again. Blacks pretty close, but very depressing. 48% say yes in 41% say no, why do blacks in date county want higher sales tax? Does that make any sense to anybody with a brain? No. Somebody knows the station, somebody on jams there, managed keeps talking, he's listening to 99 jams, they'd better interrupt the rat crap where they'll log it up time to get somebody on there to wake these bastards up, okay, and tell I'm just saying to another boom doggo. And then of course, we got that Hispanic problem because it's near our pingas tax. So naturally, we got a little bit of a problem there, a big problem. Although even there are the numbers are getting closer and closer and more and more, the whole of the others are saying no. Here's Miami, hello. Here's Miami, I know I'm a friend. Okay sir. No one thing is, the number he has noticed how may up the melus are peaches, as you would say. Are these promising a piece of a pie to anybody and everybody? Everybody, everybody's in on the action of this thing. And the thing is, there's not enough pie to go around. And the second law, I just want to say to you, remember the half penny that we voted for for Jackson and now Jackson, Mama Hospital is in fiscal troubles. Yeah. I mean, they did an audit on them and I mean, there's gross mismatch. And it's pretty hard to have a pie to divvy up among anybody when you got a losing project when you're losing tons and tons of cash. And then of course, the taxpayers have to light up subsidizing it. Of course, like always. Yeah. Feel it, sir. Okay, sir. You're pretty, you're pretty. Potorally an off-and-pale. Just say, like Nancy, you're ready to say to anybody with Santa, stupid little red dress. No, no. Keep saying to Nancy, just say to the bureaucrats, to the bull crap artists. Now, this this panelist, he's a slippery as a grease. I'll take it in. I mean, talk about smooth and slick and slippery. He must be, uh, he must be dipped in olive oil or something. Dipped in, uh, trapped. Air v, uh, comes along makes a big song to that. He gets elected. He's going to oppose. He's not going to sit back and let Mickey Eris and run day. County, he's not going to let one dime a taxpayer money. And then Mickey comes along and, oh, yeah, I'll put up the mind of build it. But then, of course, the county will have to subsidize and run forever and ever, and Mayor Pinguus is, oh, yeah, I got a great deal for you guys. This is after after he already got elected based on saying, no, then he says, yes. He was the one that was against increasing the sales tax. And all of a sudden, now it's a great deal for everybody. And now the one he's pushing it like, uh, he's got a hornia. And like Carl Heisson says, long, long after the taxpayers and they'd count a year stuck here, having to pay the increased sales tax and having to suffer the fallout from yet another boom dog will he'll be long gone, long gone. With his political career in one hand, and got only knows in the other hand. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I know, are you great. It just shows good as always. I'm a browner thank God, but I'm just listening to this for the past four weeks. Did I hear you say $100 million per mile? It is absolutely correct, sir. Oh, my God. Because I was thinking, how many metro-vade buses can we build for $100 million? You know, also, why? How much more highway could we build for $100 million? Oh, my God. Yeah, you can run. I know people don't like highways, but you know, something it's a driving area. It's all a stop for it. It's a driving place. People use their automobiles because that's the lay of the land. That's just the way it is. That was my second point. Number one, I mean, how many people actually use the transit system metro rail, not many most people drive. Right. So what good is this crap? I'm going to do anyway. Most people want to drive their own car. It's just a rip off. And then why don't they increase the metro rail traces to drive the rail to support the new system that they want to build instead of trying to build the taxpayers who don't even use it. Oh, they're famous for that here. Taxing people for things that they'll never use. Just like they want the taxpayers to build a new baseball state, a new play toy for this beginner John Henry, and the 99% of us will never go there. Yep, you got it. And you know what? And it's one of the things real quick, I'm let you go. I don't see how this thing can pass because I know a lot of the voters are out of town and you keep stressing that, but how can they pass the tax that, you know, they're not going to get the votes for. You know what I'm saying? There's too many people that will not use the transit system. So I don't think they've built it. But I've seen how you're talking logically. And it's just like back 20 years ago when they passed it the first time, logic would tell you that nobody in homestead, which is so many miles from anywhere the metro rail went in or will go now, nobody there would have any reason to be willing to pay extra taxes to build a road of transit and to go to the North. And yet supposedly, the late at night, all the votes that put it over the top came in from way down to rent, cut my rage in a homestead and down there with a metro rail doesn't go. Yeah, well, they probably used a thousand ali a snage for one person. I think that's how they got that pass. Okay, pal. Thanks, guys. Just say no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, you know, if you like going to Shorty's for ribs, I guess it's fine. Or if you want to shop at day land or if you want to go downtown, you work downtown. Anybody short of that? Forget it. Hey, to break the news, you may or penis, but there these amazing things with four wheels and a steering wheel and then gin, they're called automobiles and with the elected and not, I know there's pollution involved and a lot of men. You got to build more roads. And by the way, keep in mind, like it says in a scum sentence or where they tell it like it is, four toll boots going to disappear if this thing passes and as many as you live in more are going to pop up on roads all over in a very short time. They then may or doesn't tell you about that. All they do is do everything in their power to spring that 25 cent increase on those four roads. Oh, at a time when nobody really knew about it and causes much congestion and take all the pictures of it. And of course, the local news media are very willingly. As usual, goes right along, willing co-conspirators, putting all the pictures of all the frustrated drivers on, oh my god, and you know something, now that they've had a couple of weeks of time pass and people know those 50 cent tolls on there, do we see any more of that crap? Oh, it doesn't take any longer to pay 50 cents that it takes to pay a quarter. Yeah, how about that, huh? Yeah. Wow, figure that out. Sit down with your calculator and figure that out with your advocacy. Holy Macaron, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple East, you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. And I'll time for language lesson of the day. Repeat after me. Repeat for Pa, and stop it in Albano. Oh, it's stop for Seably. I'll go with some whetto, I eat, which means my father must have been in the bathroom either that or something died in there. Oh, the love bomb. And this is kind of interesting. It says, I remember when I attended my senior high back in 1988, 88, 88, 88. We used to have people running for mayor and commissioner of Miami come in and visit us every time. The funny thing I can remember is they would pay clubs money for helping them advertise and also for their vote. $25 might not seem to be too much because when I was 18 years old, we were paying them for their vote. They were 18 old enough to go vote. They were paying them long history. Whatever was, well, 25 year old with inflation PS smoke too long hits for me, but we five minutes after my facts so I could run down stairs and hear it. Oh, yeah, I played it. I thought he meant to do it. Oh, we can't do that because then the FCC will really be in her end week. We're smoking weed on the air by the way. Oh, everyone, we're smoking marijuana on radio. Okay, here on 560 WQA in right now. Joe is smoking and Georgia smoking and I got a guy then big bomb going right here. Okay, right off to my left. Big one. There you go. Yeah, we're doing it. Crazy people, the federal censorship commission, like I said before, a bunch of anal retented assholes got nothing better to do with our tax money that were paying so they can decide what's naughty and what's nice and what you can say and what's funny and what's not crazy people. There's a mobile in Davy, hello. Mobile in Davy. Hello. Yes, morning, how are you? Great. Listen, I was when you'd go out into marketing, the original market, that's real real. Yeah. And we had a real hard process. We couldn't figure out how to market it because it didn't go anywhere. So we've silky way free sheets on it for the first week. First day was over 19 sheets for cut with knives. Brand new trains. All right. All right. Did they do a good job or not? Yeah, that's great. Anyway, I thought you liked to hear about that. Well, what expect people that can't afford the right, at least they can chop it up a little bit and be facing. It was amazing. It was amazing. All right, great. Good Neil. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Five, six, seven. Just say, there is the OK. Not too many people here. So if you're one of them, just go out there. If you're registered, vote in Dave County, just go out and say, no, 20 or 30 or 40 times. We just checked with up to $250 of vote per me. No vote will pay a 300 bucks. The bees will take care of it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, Neil. Good morning. Good morning, sir. I was still laughing about the sound of your bomb on the radio. Yeah. Well, it's not a joke. We might everybody do the FCC. No, it's a smoking marijuana right here on the air. Okay. And if you can see the white smoke signals come out of the top of the building, you'll know that the Neil's been elected as the new Pope. Well, I was going to make some serious commentary. I mean, this transit issue and respond to a couple of things that I heard you say. And since we are located in Dave County, we want Mayor Pingu to know that we're breaking the law right here in Dave County. We're smoking weed on the air. So you better send the Metro cops over here right now and bus us. Go ahead. They're probably on their way. But they are probably writing Metro. What they don't realize is they can lock me up. I live in Broward so I can't vote anyway. Go ahead. I was just curious as to a couple of things. One thing you indicated was that you need to build more highways and in Dave County. Yes, sir. With the spread and sprawl, but there is here. That's very, very true. And it's very, and I'm only telling you something, sir. I hate to interrupt you. But you know, back 20 years ago, when they started with this Metro rail horseball, a lot of us were screaming then. The myth of this Dixie highway business. Dixie highway is not a highway as you know. All of this is just a piece of crap road with stop lights every two blocks. And then that's just so congested that you want to blow your brains up. That was what needed to be corrected with that so-called South Dixie highway. So then all of a South, they could have some breathing room, but they didn't do that. Instead, they built that the elevated train that nobody rides and doesn't go anywhere except to the front of the road building. Well, that's that's unfortunate that people don't use it. And of course, they never build it. Well, they don't use it because it doesn't go where people want to go. Well, I don't know. I don't know that I would be high personally when it was so quick to say that they promised a feeder line to that Metro rail. Yeah. It would go all up and down in the different communities in the suburbs, both South and North didn't happen. No. Well, they had one, the thing called cac, Kendalaria is something. Yeah. Yeah. That did. And that was about it where it was needed where the people would have the most usage here. I don't like to be racist or anything, but you know, in the in the lower income areas, they tend to use public transit more than others. Yeah. And at the same time, there's about one single mass transit or public transportation system in this country that is self-supporting. It just can't be as far as because people just don't like to the pay for it. But anyhow, it's an extension of the highway system. How do you intend to finance that a food day county? Because that's a joint venture of the state, the feds, and the county. Yeah. And they need a dedicated source. The state of Florida is, because I've heard you rail about them also is pretty marginally about building highway structures down here. Always seem to be doing this constantly, widening 995, and rebuilding the Palmetto. And I'm not North, I mean, up in the north part of this state, they think that's a marvelous highway. It's like, I tend to go nowhere to nowhere. Yeah. You know, and it gets to be silly. I mean, this is a, this is a big huge urban area. I think there must be at least two and a half million people. You're well, I mean, that's that many. But pretty damn close. We're in big county. Yeah, over two minutes. And yeah. Yeah. So, and then it's spread out like crazy. And you got to have some kind of an efficient transportation system. And you got to have some way to pay. Well, sir, let me let me say this year after the hundred dollar boom dollar, 20 years ago, when like the highest in says, there's no guarantee that any of this extra rail in the metro rail is going to be built. There's no guarantees at all that'll even ever happen. I understand that because what's the point of the people in the day county, forking out next to a 1% sales tax? I've written anything. 5 virtually. It was dedicated for highway improvement. Yeah. You see. But it's not. Well, I just want to think I said in the thanks before if they, if they were using the local option, gas tax for highway improvement, then you've got something. The commission took that away. Yes. You know, I mean, that will yield. They will be rough. They're saving their so why isn't the Biden and Mayor trying to bring it back? Well, he was on the commission when it popped up. I could answer that question. I said to him, I mean, I'm not a politician. Well, I think the best deal is just hang out with the quarterlands and have a great day. Good luck. He's not the mayor. That's why we're talking to wicked stuff here today because there were so many press with all the corrupt politicians and people trying to buy votes for 30 bucks of pop. Hey, we're willing to pay 420. Don't be sure to pay 430, 430 votes for a vote on Thursday. Just send the invoice to the bees. Of course, you may not live long enough to connect it. Collected, how's that guy up in Greenmore, New Jersey? By the way, get it yet? How about George with that first appearance he did? Remember George's first appearance at Prime Crow was a little bit rusty? Do you get paid for that yet? No. What was it? No. Oh. 567560. Well, of course, we don't have money to pay for that stuff anymore with these fines we may be getting now, you know? Which by the way, nice job on the local media, really covering that story. Excellent. But they got leave on on the front page of the hero. Front page of the hero leave on is resigning carefully. Are there more than 7 people who give a flying crap about that? No. No. Hey, there's a new show in town that opened this weekend at the drama center called naked boy thinking it's a must see a huge success in Los Angeles for more than a year and a half. It almost opens simultaneously off Broadway in New York as well as South Florida to raise reviews. naked boy singing is an outrageous new musical review revolving around male nudity. I don't think we can say that because the federal centers of commission gets a real upset about body parts. Oh, Neil, my queen. Go. Listen to me. It's a stand behind steam for sofaking. You understand? Where everything is out to the high sofaking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises on just low. They're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I say this stuff is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. I staff that sofaking turdies and prices that are sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, frank and stine. Sofaking good. You said a fracking sofaking good. It's 144 at 5.50 WQAM. Everybody says basically oh, on Thursday. Okay. Just keep that in mind because they're trying to put a peer based on I want call. We got what we can't verify. But if you're wouldn't surprise me especially in a corrupt place like Dave County, then maybe some people might try to have their votes bought. That would be a first wouldn't it? Oh, yeah. And by the way, something great. I want to look at a positive side. Something sensational happened this weekend. The main foreign party just said to Ross P. Row, they said go away. You silly old man roll up your sleeves and go away and do do do do all over the place. Again out of our face. I just go on Jesse. I'm going to tell you right now that Jesse, the body of in Turan, or before I'm party, will run for president sometime in our lifetime and I'm predicting Killwin. I think so. I'll get my vote. In fact, I would go. I would go vote 40 or 50 times for him because unlike Ross P. Row, who turned a reform party into a bunch of civilmen who didn't say anything but a lot of glittering generality, we're all out there, and they didn't do it. All that crap that he was doing, this guy actually has got some ideas. In fact, Jesse the body says, he'll come over to your house and help you. Right. With that whole problem, he got there. By the way, we're smoking some bad weight here. I want everybody at the government to know about that. What you ask holes? Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I work in my amy. I'm sorry. I know. But listen to this number. I make a modest income. If I, I'm looking at these numbers. If I spend $30,000 on taxable income. Yes, sir. That means my tax is one of $300. If I buy a car or what I plan to do for a $20,000,000, it's going to hit me with another $200 in sales tax on that. Right. So that means this next year, my tax is going to go up $500. They're talking of penny sales tax, but my personal tax on a modest income is going up $500. Right. So if I get a salary, how many times would you have to go through those four toll booths in order to pay or how many other toll booths they put in for that $500. It's a pretty sense of pop. This is unbelievable. I'm looking at a $500 tax increase to save 25 cents a few times a year. This is unbelievable. If they market it, that way, they'll never get a vote. They talk about one-lousy penny. In the meantime, I'm looking at a $500 increase in expenses next year. These people are asshole. Right. Just say no, please. That's right. Okay. Have a good day. Okay. We're going to get them on on Thursday, man. I'm going to tell you something. Even if I got the walking pneumonia, I'm going to be your out Thursday encouraging, begging, pleading. Wipe the $500 for a vote for every vote no on Thursday. Okay. Joe Costello says he'll take care of it. Personal. In fact, you know how we always send the guys out in the van. In the QAM van, what we're going to do is we're going to have same and Chris saying that if you were going to be out there Thursday, handing out $100 bills, everybody you vote. Oh, maybe five or six of those if you're lucky. Okay. Because we got to counteract the corruption in date County. Those people that are handing out offering $30 for a yes vote, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. Good morning. I really enjoy your show now. Thank you. But to give my two cents of opinion on the comment, to begin with the mayor, he's a fraud. As you mentioned, he did state prior to election. No arena was going to be vote. It wasn't, he didn't get the seat hot. And he, that's right. His ass wasn't even warm on the seat before he said. And he made a deal with the owner. That's right. Two years ago, I think it was, we voted to save our parents home for amendment three. This was supposed to be to save our parents and for the elderly that there'll be a cap on their taxes over the property because they're on a fixing come. They don't get enough income to pay the taxes. Yeah. And now this gentleman that's locally said that this penny taxes related to the elderly. I don't see how because we voted for this amendment two years ago and it never was put in place. And now they're probably saying it in the Miami, Harold, to get the elderly to vote again. Right. There you go. I mean, forget it. This guy is beyond belief. Just say no. No. Okay. Yeah. I practiced for two days. Okay. Now what was that about our lunch today about the good friend Brad and Tony's who loves us? Yeah. Lunch is on its way and no problem. Yeah. So everyone wants to know who is this JP guy who orders food on the weekend and then doesn't want to pay for it and tell me your last name. And I don't know what story he told the driver. Brad was very nice about it and everything like that. But he was to collect the bill from this JP guy who he doesn't know from Adam, Joe Castella. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Leparately is a scooting food. Thanks to that he's on the free food list. He is. We did not agree to food listing you whatever he wants. Yeah. Brad doesn't know. When you look like that, you can get whatever you want. That's what I said. Brad doesn't know. I love him from his toes all the way to the top of his head. That's for you, Squidart. Now I don't want to get involved in the middle of that. Don't go messing up our free lunch is JP. Plus, tell Brad he's going to be leaving the couple of weeks going back to uh uh Gainesville anyway. Brad wants his money from this kid. How much? 20 bucks or something like that. I'll take care of it. Okay. All depending. Okay. Here's a letter by the way from Jerry Growlick and Miami. You know it's always a good idea to factor something across out your last name when it's in the newspaper because then it made it then it's just sure better. I'm going to use your name on here. Why would a guy said a letter to the editor of the Harold and then facts me a copy of it and crossed out his last name because I got the Harold sitting right here. So, and actually being a real old wise guy like I am, I open up the Harold and there's a good letter. Jerry Growlick and Miami says, Mayor Alex Pinga is a clever political trickster in a typical tax and spend liberal. He campaigned against public financial participation in the American Airlines and we didn't then after his election reversed his decision. Now he's trying to deceive the voters with misleading language on a ballot regarding the 1% sales tax increase as well as the nature of the project that'll be financed. He'll get his tax increase because nowhere, a way to adhere the line that you're a user, nowhere is the dumbing of America more prevalent than in Miami-Dade County. Jerry Growlick and Miami, who faxes me the same letter and crosses out his last name. Jerry, it's a great letter but how could you be that stupid? I think I'm not going to look at the paper and then why would you why would you have your name printed in the paper but you don't want it on his show? You see what I'm saying? Does that make any sense to you? No, great letter Jerry Growlick. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line and we had one cup. Oh, and by the way did we get a call about the Mechitae Titini yet? I bet you this hot sports station of ours here. I bet you we haven't even talked about that yet on our big hot shot sports station. Joe Costello sitting in there with his finger in his nose wondering who the hell is that? Demitri Titini number five for the Philadelphia Flyers 22 year old defenseman who was killed in the tragic voting accident this weekend fell overboard in the motor. The blade sliced his neck wide open and they pulled him up on the button. He just bled to death. Yeah, with his lovely young wife back there in Russia probably in Siberia now. 22 years old tremendous young player he's dead. Did not did we get any coverage on that to speak out? No, John John. There's still a hockin away on John John. Martin Growsky and he entertained me in his dull boring way without a Growsky and company. You sure I used to enjoy that? He used to be on channel 10 for about 100 years. I used to watch that. There's some dull people on there but nevertheless they once or while had something to say. He killed some time. He entertained me. He's dead. Is any of that? No, not even one comment about that. But John John because his last name was Kennedy. I said to somebody in the airport yesterday in Toronto. I said, you know something. If a wouldn't have been Demitri Titini, if it would have been shelved in Kennedy, the former the abused the hockey player. If it would have been him that got killed in the voting accident, it would have got a lot of publicity because his last name was Kennedy. And the guy said, 560, 1060, 1060, 1060, 1060 on the AT&T Wireless line. And by the way I have absolute confirmation about Terry Murray, the coach of the Panthers, he's an asshole. Absolutely confirmation. The team hates him like poison. Just keep that in mind, okay? Because it's not that far down the road. We're going to be starting with that BS again. The BS being the Panther organization. Here's a mobile in port Saint Lucy, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I keep books for several companies up in Saint Lucy and Martin County. And a couple of them do deliveries in other counties that have higher tax rates. When they get their money from the company and then they fill out their coupon that goes to the state. Yeah. All we do is just itemize the total amount of money that came from a higher tax counting. And that money gets sent to the state. And then the state takes it for the foot of the fund and then divides it among the counties that have that higher rate. So there's no guarantees that they counties even get that penny. I mean that's how ridiculous whole thing is. Thanks for the good news. Sorry. Okay. 560, 1050, 560. We got to look at 6,000 open lines here. We're three days away from this bitter election from this another fraud in this town. Does anybody give a credit? Oh, no. Oh, they're same. He'll take care of it. By the way, don't forget, Sam's going to be out there on election day in a QAM van. Handing out $500 to everybody that comes by promises to vote. No. From his own bank account, two by the way. These leaves are too cheap. They won't pay for it. 560, 50560, 560, on the AT&T line. Highly. Hello. Highly. Yes. Hello. Yes. Yes. Neil, I'm calling. I heard you come at what you made about the black people voting on the tax high. I just would like to say at first I was kind of angry because you used to work black. But then I had to turn around and I reached a refill of it. I just would like to urge all black people to feel that does live in day County. Yeah. You go out and vote no because you know what? Then I'm going to benefit from it. No God damn we. Right. I use the word black because it says right here in the poll, it says white non-Hispanic black Cuban American, other Hispanics. That's the way it's determined here. But I thought about it and I'm urging it's very few of us that don't still live here in day County. Right. Please, I'm urging you, especially the young black. Do not vote yes for that because it's, we're not going to benefit from it. No way, no way. It always beg fires, right. Vote early and often sweet are. Thank you. God bless you. There you go. There's the voice of black, uh, day County. Oh, no. It's what they said, Mayor. I hope you're listening. You and your students like Merit Steer. I'm hope you listen right now. You just wait. You got a real surprise coming in fact it's going to be so overwhelmingly no-one Thursday that you won't be able to get enough dead people and dummy up enough phony votes to put it over the top like they did 20 years ago with the first one. Six thousand open lines on at board five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, it looks like another Jordan night day. I'll tell you that. Roar. Well, I know. I miss the moon, just moon, just down Well, I'll be now If that's your flow, I'll throw my mouth I'll get starving, I'll stop the flu Loading my games, can be a flu Loading my games, can be a flu Loading my games, can be a flu Come on to it, five sixty WM by the way, he ain't coming back, I hate to break the news He's dead and he's not coming back, let's move on with life please Five sixty, five sixty, pound five sixty on a mobile one line There's Greg Reed standing in there with that hand on a forehead deal again Eeeeeeey, nobody does best He's got his jacket off now, so he's really rolled up his sleeves Now we really know he's going to work, huh? We know he's serious, it means business, okay? Don't mess with us, that's what he just said, don't f with us Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir How you doing? It's Carlos here Miami Yes sir, I disagree with your penny tax I think it's a good idea because the traffic down here Miami And I think, you know how proud it is, monkey see monkey do Once they see our penny tax, you're going to follow with their own penny tax That's what I think They're going to put their penny tax in for what? I don't know, you don't have a Broward, monkey see monkey do Mucky there's okay, there's the best call we've had today in favor of the Boom dog, monkey see monkey do What was he just showing you by the way? Was that the thing in a book? The ratings of the team ratings, yes, for that period zero on question point five Yeah But you understand the children as defined as people under 12 teams are 12 to 17 are But if you would look in there, there is nobody under the age of 12, especially in May Because the kids are all in school So the possibility of them listening, the likelihood of them listening is non-existent But hey, I'll give him something to keep busy with for a while, you know 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I sure hope their attorneys are better than those dull loners guys We had it Cox, oh boy That might Disney thought we're really great attorneys, yeah Remember what that one attorney told me that time when we had those frivolous lawsuits the boy Gary one and the other What was that guy that worked on the weekend that old guy? That age discrimination one What that was his name that guy used to work at BZ and Boston Larry Justice, remember those two frivolous lawsuits And I go in there for a meeting with one of the corporate attorneys in the system Why do you know this is good for a young guy, you know, you're because an older guy would never have said this Good for us because as long as this thing drags on the meter keeps running for us and I thought And that's good Good bad Bob Green didn't hear that direct 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line Here's Miami, hello Yes sir, my name's Don Yes, Don? Oh, I got some information for you, I'm against the tax I get $800 a month off of social security Right, I'm going to take $8 on my monthly stretch The state comprehensive enhancement of transportation staff tax Systems tax is on every gallon gasoline I gasoline is taxed by the state for the county Six cents plus three cents That's nine cents tax are getting now for another penny They're also got this transportation enhancement tax for 4.8 Which gives you a total of 14 and a half cents or 14.8 cents Tax to dig in now Adding another penny really does not cut it for me I'd like to find that what they're doing with them What about a half million dollars a day that they're getting off the gasoline tax? What are they doing with it? Okay, Don, look at their pockets, you might find some of it 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line Here's Miami, hello Hello, sir, my name is Noo Yes, I am Yes, yes, for the pit of the attack on Thursday I think it's a great idea and I'm an insider I want you to find some new addresses Do you want to use a bank on the addresses system? Yeah, okay, I'm interested in the things that you don't watch it I don't have a pin of 10 for the addresses I don't have a pin of 10 I'm not paying you a lot of attention I'm interested in the money, I don't want to have a pin of 10 I'm interested in the addresses I mean, let me tell you, when you learn to speak English, Bell, call me back in one We can have a conversation, not going to understand at least Every third word that would be a good start, okay, and how much do they pay to make that call? Get out of here 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line 400 open lines, here's Miami, hello Yes, ma'am I am totally against this transit tax I remember I was here when they tried to push this metro rail through What do you mean they tried to push it through? Well, they did, but look what a flop it is Remember all the 250,000 people a day that was going to ride it And if you ride over on my Lomberi Road at 74th Street where the rail yard is Look at all those cars parked there All those empty trains that are going nowhere, they're parked And we're paying for them to be parked They used to have, I think, six cars on a train They're down the floor And the black people are being snuckered on this Because the major part of that money I understand is going to go for a new metro rail Which will go up 27th Avenue And if you go up 27th Avenue, most of the area is black Which means it is going to display a lot of homes and businesses And the other leg they want to put down 836 over to Miami Beach Which will go through over town And all of these people are going to be displaced again Look what happened when they put i9-9 through all the time It destroyed the area And the poor black people are going to be the ones that are suffering most You might think, oh, it's 50 cents a day But it spread out over a period Where if you buy a car, a washing machine, a house, clothes, your paying for it all right All the sales tax and it will never end Never, and they're never satisfied They went to 6.5% but if you spend the dollar, your paying 7 cents What are they doing with the other half cents? I mean, when they throw away all the crooks that are in office And kicked them out, the people might believe in what they're saying But right now, the people don't believe it I've been walking around in the hot sun Passing out literature in my neighborhood Great, good for you So keep up to good work, you know Okay, just vote for all you're often voted 8 o'clock 9 o'clock on Thursday 11 o'clock at night after they close the polls, just to make sure Oh, because that's when those that you mark my words Remember, I told you here today on Monday, July 26 That's fat and you told you that this is going to be just like the first one It's going to go allegedly right down to the wire and lay the night these votes from the outlying Districts will come trickling in just enough to put this thing over the top There'll be just another couple thousand dead people will vote Just enough to put this thing over on a public again 10 minutes passed and by the way, I'm coughing up the 20 bucks to pay for a cheap piece lunches Which I think is extraordinary for a guy like me, how can a guy like me afford to be doing something like that? Just because there people running around here tossing my name around, okay? I don't want to mention fat rich I don't want to mention that fat rich was eating fruit with the track last Wednesday Because then I would have to mention that he had that minor stroke, which he asked me not to mention on the ear But I can't help it because I'm psychotic over it Wouldn't you think that after you have something that happened to you like that just a few days later? Just for a few weeks you'd at least, you know, oh, I can do it about it. Okay stop stop killing yourself You crazy fat man Well, your mother tells her she was rummaging through your garbage Yeah rummaging through there, so came on There you go, start rummaging through the bull Crazy old lady Hey, you want to agree to a guy, and mix a guy and by the way, they can put all the labels on there you want A lot of us are going to stop smoking those great numbers, okay? And the cigars too Crazy ass government, we got repression repression repression and in the meantime They're nuking our meat, you realize that now, don't you? They're radiating the meat I read an article about that last night You would never eat another piece of meat as long as you live if you read that what they're doing to us But they're worried about labeling cigars You go right ahead, it's a free country to appoint, okay? As long as they can't catch you At smoke one of those great predominant reserve or those predominant squared or one of those Cuban bullets Let's get a great cigars they make down the dose rears lot for this you on San Jose They're all fantastic throughout first rate and next really knows how to make the best cigars anywhere in the universe Just back in the church And how much of the things Jose This town was once alive They even had free grades There were things to do all night And drower than this day Let's be old smart walking dead At the power to collect But broken videos You just got off the boat I heard the alragers cry This is the day that my army died Are you? Everyone who's walking they defend Are the ones who brought us home to pay attention to my army Can you believe there was a time They had to feed those in hell as hell Try to work in that it's a crime But the accelerant had failed When the brain's at K-2 down And door the box up down They pissed the Lord of the police The big guy came straight I heard the alragers cry This is the day that my army died Why did the great place to come to this But the self-serving apple groves it with the big, powerful real rosers cry And the power to the power to the power to the power The company that's 560 WQAM Just one short paragraph in Carl Heisen's brilliant column And yesterday's hero even though he's usually sleeping with the alragers By the way, JP just to chill out, okay? Just relax. Take it out and trade. History teaches several unhappy lessons One of them will cost billions more to build metro rail than they say Two it'll take years longer to complete than they say Three far fewer commuters will ever write it than they predict And for somebody will make a fortune off the construction 560-70560-Pont 560 on a mobile one line We're talking about One of our favorite people in the history of the human race today Passed away recently What was it then? Martin and Gransky Didn't just to meetry turtishny People die, good people die, some of them die young like to meetry Did they get any coverage at all? No And at butt sucking Larry King, oh my god I'm very remarkable young man, Ray, are remarkable for what? Man, is there a butt on a face of the earth that Larry wouldn't suck? No, here's my any hello. Hey, no? Yes sir. Yes, I'm going to green for that lady they called earlier about this Can you sell a tank? I'm not going to vote no, I'm going to vote no Good, for years we've been working with African Americans, I've been promised jobs On these contexts to give and I'm going to get the contracts We're not going to get the job. The only thing you're going to get like as a case with this shaft You got it, buddy. This facet, consolidation company would get these contracts And again, we'll be misplanted or sent off somewhere else other than where we live now You got it. I'm voting hell no Alright, there you go. So far the Black community on this show is saying We've talked to 45,000 black brothers and sisters and uncles and mothers and whatever And they all say, no, except I won't guy that I couldn't understand where he was sent Who was obviously reading a bunch of propaganda that he was programmed Hey, by the way, Mary, won't be any good to have a bunch of plants calling in on his show. Vote to any good. You're still going to get your hands whipped on Thursday 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. We got 2 or 3 hundred waiting for you there Jim Mad Dogman, it's again for a hank today this time from Shulah State to a two o'clock Donnie B with his half hour of whatever that is. Clock and baseball six o'clock If you ever noticed a Donnie B for a guy that's sports intern little old. You know he To just turn 45 are you where that? George, you know the Donnie B just had his 47 birthday No, it's pretty old for a sports like the day over 60. What is the title 52 on Friday? Happy birthday Donnie B just turned 54 over the weekend You know maybe that's why he likes Chris Moore because it rhymes with 54 And then we got the Marlins in the Philly tonight. Anybody excited about that one. No. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I live at Broward County up there in Carl Springs and obviously this penny sales sack is not going to affect me directly But it's going to affect everyone in Broward County in a very indirect and down the roadway It's just like Hurricane Andrews when all the missets from the county moved up to Broward County Is this penny sales sack passes you're going to have a lot more missets from the county. Oh, it's a Broward County in Carl Springs. They're the eight person plantate all over the place and you know like I just wanted to answer that other idiot that said that Broward County monkey see monkey do Yeah, our taxes have been six percent and date has been six and a half or several years We haven't fault that's right. We're not about the follows. They're in any discussion about Broward And you know what are going to do start a metro rail. Where's that going to go? Now the people in date county if they want to do anything they have to write up and they have to do something About the partner in this crime that's being perpetrated against them. The partner in this crime is the Miami-Herald And I say that they should say no to the Harold God bless you sir. Thank you. Okay There's you got a listen, Broward doesn't want any more of you intruders from date move it on in you know what I'm saying Nothing we want to sound on friendly, but enough is enough Little hospitality is a nice thing just don't overdo it don't over extend you're welcome 560. Look at that 6,000 open lines and I'm sitting here watching these lines pop off like Confetti 560 and pound 560 on a mobile one line boys. It a battle here in the summertime or what you know Huh, it's not Here's Miami hello. Hello Neo. Yes sir. Neo. What the hell? Why don't I happen with a half penny sales tax for Jackson Memorial? Whatever. Yeah, I was supposed to uh, I was for to build the trauma center, right? Yeah So I'm gonna center how to build a lot. We're still paying for it. Yeah, you know what? We're gonna pay for your things forever That's right forever. I mean like other albatrists like putting a newsroom out your own neck Exactly. I know politicians only one if you go to tax you're lit for it for the rest of your life That's right. You'll never get rid of it. You'll ever take a bath here in the county that you move on They're gonna vote for this thing that you move to watch you can see and back up my room. Very again Mm-hmm. You know, you've got some good drugs anyway. Yeah. Well, yeah. They they're more or less in the same plateau there, you know Yeah, it's sad it's a rip off Jackson Memorial Hospital is completely a rip off. They're taking money from us. What have they done? Nothing There's people why better why so if they why so up or move out one of the two amen Amazement. They know this. He comes and vote him out of office. What do you mean there? They don't do it get him out. Okay, see you right nearly Thursday morning pal I'll be there. Okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line We're talking about Martin and Gronsky today and to meet you traditionally And of course anybody else who died recently whose last name wasn't Kennedy Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm voting no No, yeah, yeah, sure. I'm a whole new. Yeah. Yeah, and I don't agree with that Okay, much as crossies. Okay, and don't be a don't be playing that stuff backwards I'll come in. We're gonna call's about that. About that old black magic about that whatever that thing was They're back masking in on the other side on Roda Rodio Unica. They're back masking and they're finding all kinds of crap in the trevy fountain That's where the devil lives baby. That's where he's heading right in fact. I wouldn't be surprised if he finds the devil and the chupacabra Both in the trevy fountain right now as I speak in Rome. Let's go to Rome. What do you say? Oh, not Georgia. Not New York. I'm talking about Italian. Talk about a real city or they're living and reading people in some real serious Post. By the way, great lunch from our friend Brad at Tony's today and I sent the 20 dollars over to pay for my young and personal friend who thinks that he's a you know Neil Jr. Well, I told him he could go ahead and but not let he's here on a weekend You know, not when he's here alone on a weekend probably with some people I can't stand like maybe even Oh, you know something I would be great to say a little bit of lunch. I've eaten already. I would puke it up right back now If I found out that someone had food that was shared on the weekend was eaten by just a guy could go that would just that would just send me off the defense He's got to learn how to do it to yeah ask for the owner and right, you know talk to Brad smooth wind a little bit You know tell me a lot cut a lot to him. I don't think he's your guy, but nevertheless No seriously. You got to do it right on don't do it just to start getting arrogant a year young and personal 19 year old punk. Okay, is a good guy never stole a freight train One of my best close personal friends, but you got to know how to do it a little bit of tact, okay? Don't be like a bull in an elephant shop. Or how's that thing go? Here's a here's a mobile and West Palm hello. Neil. Yes sir. Great. Life can change a subject for a way to hit my apolitics. I've a little studio show for quite some time and I hear you often bash Florida and what a toilet it is and I used to disagree with you based on never being anywhere else I took a trip up to a northeastern state and I did not want to come home. Maybe it's beautiful there. The people are different And notice that people don't lock their doors and when those are half down and you know they're often very liberal But I realize why and that's because I didn't see my nor the anywhere you look. Yeah. So that's what I wanted to say. Where was this? Where was this? Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. It was beautiful. There were no Amish. I didn't see any Amish. There are a lot of them up there. This is like, you know, up there and I'm like, but the minorities you do meet and talk to. There's a decent respectful law by the people and it's something about Florida and what it is that you had to chip on the shoulder or what? Yeah. And I was very unfriendly hostile place you're right sir. Well good luck. You start exploring the world. You find out there's some real great people out there and some living in breathing cities, you know, like Toronto. Five six and go leave school. They know it's almost that time man. Let's get that hockey talk on what do you think come on. That's our problem. We need a lot more hockey talk on the show. We can we'll let that out about a one share. The son of a blonde man. All right. I know that you keep on checking my time. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. Oh, my breath. She must win the five of she's just a team. Looks like me. Other my lips are clean. Daddy called her husband. Oh, my breath's off my back. And they cause I'll have to be a man. No, no, my breath. There's money. My blood's doing great. Oh, my soul. Black, black, don't you? She's working. She's working. You should be scared of the... Yeah, there's no role in those brand leaders. And I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. She's looking my body. I'm sure this will be five of she's just a team. All 33 at five, six, you've got to come by the way. I don't want to look into the scouts the thing in detail. But that FCC complaint, you know, or we're allegedly going to get fine. To show you how brilliant they are up in Washington, I think some of them are a literate. Not only have they bunch of anal retinive assholes, but like on a transcript, they've got a similar thing that we're allegedly played on the show a year ago. May. So anyway, in this particular one. Blackdom, tell. It damn their children. So they've got to written out as wrecked WRECK, wrecked him. It damn near. Are you ready for that? Is it supposed to wreck them? Hell, it damn their children. Okay, nice going up there. Okay, commissioners, you're about to rocket science. Is it me sure? Let me know which was your favorite one again. Like you did 10 years ago, so we're all done with this. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, me, I've got a long time listener. I've got three quick questions. Number one, what do you think is the best blacksative? Uh-huh. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Again, another hell. No, no. Yeah. For my vote. Uh-huh. And about that SOB that was just going on talking about misfits from Dave County, Andrew. Hurricane Andrew. Huh? I was up there and cash in hand, uh, ready to lease a house for a year, two years, whatever it took to move my family out so that I could rebuild. Right. And I was treated with nothing but disrespect, rudeness. More so than I ever found here in Miami. Here you go. So, when he ever said that, we're polite. You know, I just said, uh, whatever he said. Right. Oh, he's an asshole. Okay, thanks. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. When you got to understand when the median age is 100 plus 10 in the, oh, it's going to be a lot of root old for it. Okay. They got their aches and pains. They do a lot of convention all the time. What's wrong with that? You know, oh, a good middle name. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a call from Charlotte'sville, Virginia. Hello. How you doing Neil? Yes sir. I'm just wondering, I just, I just found a found you on the internet here and I hear it you're talking about trying to expand the metro rail and it was junk when I was down there. And I, and then we'll pick up exactly what they're trying to do here. The way they're trying to do is make a lot of business for all these, uh, construction companies, you know, that are good bodies with all the politicians. That's right. They're trying to do it. They're going to take it out to the airport? No. Well, eight thirty six. Definitely. Yeah. Definitely not. Are they going to take it out to the orange wall? No, not to the orange wall. Take it into the P.P. park. And of course, by the time they would get that like built the Marlins would either be out of town or have a new stadium. And so it will be there for a few weeks a year when the dolphins play. Eight home games. Of course. And it is that anything ever going to get done on time down there. No. Never. Just come on back to where a couple of days in Voting O.P. I'll do it. Okay. Thank you. Bye. God bless you. We'll send you a plane ticket. Okay. The bees are just saying, well, send you a plane ticket. That's what we'll do. We're going to take it out of J.P. Of course, you didn't have to get paid. So that's going to be kind of tough to do. But we'll work it out in some way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I got more people. This is fat rich from the new Roger show. This is J.P. from the new. Well, see, I told him to do that anyway. I take full responsibility. I told him to do that. But you got to do it with a little bit of tact. Don't talk to the P on's over there. You got to talk to somebody. That's, you know, not Tony, of course. You're not Brad because he would know you're not what you say you are. Like most people I've made done here, they're not what they say they are. And by the way, you know, I'm so glad I worked my way to that because here's a little message for all you young people out there since it is July. It is the summertime. We do have kids listening on the summertime. I do want to make sure, and in your made, we don't have any kids listening to our own school. But here's a very important message for you. Okay. Like all these people who deny like a Ricky Martin. Anybody's delivered. Anybody else. Somebody's a person who says that he's not gay. That person is gay. Okay. Any person who publicly denies being gay, not a cone. Tell you right now. Anybody who says that he's straight. Maybe. Maybe a chance. Okay. But as soon as somebody says, oh, no, I'm not easy. That's the one. Just like Georgian, he's always telling you, oh, no, I got a wife. Not a cone. Just highly, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Just wanted to know how stupid can soft flow it is. Oh, I think you're in for a real shock. You'll be amazed at how stupid these people are. I'm surprised nobody raised this thing to nobody said anything about it. But just last week, a lot of these commissioners and the airport director, they're up in Washington, requesting more money for the airport expansion. This was a plan. That was going to be $1.6 billion. And it was going to be done by the year 2001. Now that's talking about 2008 and something like $4.6 billion. Oh, I'll read you. And over here today, I got today's arrow. My amycetra or decounny section. And it has all the proposed routes for the Metro Rail in this and then. And they're talking about the seven new lines. Well, five of those seven lines are either in conceptual or early planning stages. Like Carl Heisen says, there's a good chance even if they pass this text that there will never be one new inch of Metro Rail. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Get out there early pal. And also here. I'll read you. Yeah. It has all the places it's going to be going. And to the port of Miami, it's going to have two underground stations. Why underground? I guess because they cost more money to build them underground. Could be. And our people are going to benefit from or maybe Nikki is going to like intercept all those people going underground and stick it and they're going to wind up on the other side on his cruise ships. Could be. They go in a little bit. We're going to come out on the other side on a ship. And I'll read you. And talk about wages. I can about the the major money going of the county. It's got to be settled. You'll pay. Okay. Thanks. That's what everybody seems to be saying. Have a great day. Pal get out there early and often. You know what I'm saying? Out. 560. 560. Pound 560. On our prestigious mobile one line here on a Monday. Making some serious progress. I predict that nobody in their bright mind is going to go out there and vote. I'm not Thursday. In their right mind you understand. And we do have a lot of crazy people out there. And we also have a lot of other people for thirty dollars. We'll vote whatever you want. And don't forget that always very enthusiastic bunch of dead people. Or what do you do? What do you need to be bought out anytime? That's right. Just waiting in the wings. In fact, let's let Amberto Hernandez out. Just on Thursday. One more time. Come on. Bert. You can do it. He's got connections there. This is the meal Roger. So. Look at his brain. Any questions? Phone. No more will he rise. There's no more doctor. On the answer, prize. Phone. Won't you anymore. But scottie would. Go for foot shore. We love phones. We must hold the accultry dark. We love phones. They can't stay there like they did fast. No. The boys gone underground with no man has gone before. And phones. They're going on this trip. Especially when. He said scavenged him. Dead phones. We're going to miss you. 45 at 5.60 WKOM. And we missed phones. I mean, did I have a big deal about him? Damn it. No. Here's the facts. Somebody from Rochester, New York to less. Wait till you hear this. Please tell date people to take the $30 but vote no on the increase. Now wait till I get to this last sentence. Leave a. I'm sure it's supposed to say booger. But it's spelled B.O.G.G.E.R. Leave a boger on the Yes pole. Is that like Ty Yellow Ribbon around the old oak tree? No. I'm going to tell you about the Yellow Baga. Big brown boger on the Yes pole. Please. Okay. Whatever you say from Rochester New York. Probably a little bit too much done in box. Too many Whitehots affected their brain. See it the Vicinar is okay for some garbage. 5.670560. 5.660 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'm the one guy from Miami. That's a 20 for yes. I'll tell you around. Every major city has a train system. I'm going to rely on the road. There's a limit. How many roads you can build around the town? What about the train system? We got another losing money. Hand over. Limpers. How about that one? There's a company. How about the fact that there's no guarantees. There's no guarantees. There's no guarantee. There's no guarantee. There's no guarantee. How do you know that? In other words, you trust the track record and local politicians. And you're just so confident it will. Withers to come in from the city. The phone's on. And that's another thing sir. That you're brainwashed. There's no guarantees. If you would read something. There is absolutely no guarantee. They're all this competition for those federal dollars. There's no guarantee. We're going to get any of it. And what if we don't? I don't be the first one who's satisfied with my car, man. Okay. We'll come over and help you out. He wants to be there. In fact, just wrap it up to Woodstock. They'll set fire to it. Take up a bunch of cheap bottle water and charge them too much. And I'll show you what's for those such a race on fire and no time. See, this is what you get when you got a bunch of young punks up there. I realized there was 225,000 people. And it'll like took a few. We're always here in those excuses to pee on everybody's parade and start those fires. And you know, of course, to show you when it's hotter and how you start over charging people for crappy bottle water. They're going to get pissed off, you know. What else can we do? I will say this much about the 60s. All these people that are trying to relive the 60s because they've discovered for whatever reason that the 90s suck in their opinion. The only great thing from the 60s was the music. That was the best thing of the 60s. Not the drugs, not the sex. I mean, sex ain't any different in the 90s than it was in the 60s. In fact, people are getting more of it. They're denying it more. But they're doing it. But the music, well, music, that's what it was all about. Let's play Motown the rest of the week. I really find for that. And we can. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. Hey, miss. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Okay. And I got a question for you about the fan-thers. No. Almost thing. What do you think? Wow, what are we going to sign next? Probably somebody you never heard of before. Probably somebody who's real cheap. Probably somebody who wants to be treated in an infantile way who might play for Terry Murray. Is there any such person on the face of the earth? No. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. There's your typical soft-flowed sports hockey fan there. Really knows his crap. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Great. I just wanted to enlighten you on why the black boat is being swayed. Yes, sir. There are two pilot kind of propaganda. The band is being put out here. Well, there are two politicians. One being carry me. The other one being that the fucking Uncle Tom Willie Logan. Oh, running spot. I remember who she didn't like. That is absolutely correct. Running spots on the black radio station. Talking about how this proposition or this referendum will help the black community. Oh, yeah. How the metro rail will run into those areas as well as the 60,000 jobs that is allegedly to provide. Or going to be targeted to quote unquote us. So, you know, that's why they're under the belief that it's going to help them. Never going to happen. Not at all. Not at all. In addition, which, and it just like the guy said before, like they do with the expressways, not just here, but in all major cities when they build them through black ghetto neighborhoods. What happens? Everybody gets displaced and they tear the place up and the gotoing those. What's going to happen with those people? You know, I don't understand how anybody in the black community and they counted because listen to Willie Logan any longer anyway. Right. It's a matter of, you know, and let give you the gemster who's doing his vector to store the public education system to make sure that the minorities are all in the crappy schools possible. And everybody else can, you know, get a handout to go someplace else. Just so he can keep this prestige just knows up in the upper echelon of policy. Right. That's right. You know, so he's looking just as bad as the rest of the Hispanic population that turns on their people and does whatever tool. He's doing the same thing. You know, and it's all about it's always about doing something for their people. Not doing something for every. I mean, it's an interesting that it never happens for their people either. It's very clear. It doesn't, but you know, it's just goes to show you. You start looking out what's so called for our own. Whatever happened to looking out for the community. Yeah. And my understanding of what you live. Well, it's my understanding that the community is everybody. Not just the specific classification of people. Yeah. Well, when we had the thing with a Cuban's in the Coast Guard, if you recall, I would just remember me your pink thing. Oh, these are our people are people. Well, that's why I live in Bramford like you. Okay. See you. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got about 200, 400 open lines here in our nine minutes to kill here on a marginal Monday. It's kind of marginal, but you can smell it in the air. Can't you? It's really heating up as we close it towards Thursday. We're going to have a barn burner here on Thursday. Ruff the $600 now for a. Oh, for every no vote. Cash money. 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, folks. What is it? Yes, folks. Yes, what? Folks. What language are you speaking, sir? English. Yeah. And what did you say again? Yes, folks. Yes, folks. Yes, folks. Yeah. Is there a comma in there? Nope. How you be spelling that? I just started the right way. How you spelling? I'd be spelling the right way. Yeah, I'd be spelling. Okay, spoilers. Woo. Wow. 567. I mean, they speak for themselves. A few of these calls here today. They require no editorial comment, no embellishment from my part whatsoever. They be speaking for themselves. Yes, votes. Yes, sir. 560. By the way, what's the number online seven? We have a number on that one because this guy's no longer amusing the or a slightly humorous. So I think we'll just give a number out maybe he will want to talk to some other people since he doesn't want to talk to me. And he thinks he's a very humorous guy. No, God. Oh, figure is a. 560. 560. 560. 560. On a mobile online. What a surprise. Here's a call from the keys. Hello. No. Yes, sir. How you doing pal? Okay, sir. I'm great. Just a little bit of a go. So I'm sure you're doing the same thing. Ah. True story. Last Tuesday went and bought my wife. Brand new S.U.B.99. Down here, we got 7.5% interest on taxes here in the Florida kids. What data? About the truck. Save ourselves over $400. Vote? No. On that toast, Dad. Okay. Just to keep you a little bit inside. That was only one vehicle. Right. That's right. One guy and one car. That's it. Okay. Thanks. Okay. People are coming up from the keys. Well, they come up if they raise the tax and date. No. That's his point. Excellent. 560. 560. 560. On a mobile one line. We got 6248 open lines here. I can feel that nauseous feeling in the pit of my stomach every time I hear that in the Jordan night and especially the video. See some songs are enhanced when you see the video. Like beautiful stranger by Madonna because it's got all the Austin powers to video. But some of the song there should not be a video. You know what I'm saying Jordan? You get it? Uh-huh. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Okay. Nice talking to you too. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. There's starting to spazz out now. Yes, sir. I just wanted to confirm. I'm in Marepinga is okay. Great. So far so we're down to basically the I guess that's three hours ain't bad. I can handle three hour show. 560. 560. 560 on a mobile one line. See as soon as one spazz gets on. That's all the other ones. Since basically nobody here's got to bring in their head or an original Float in their mind. And all the other spazs. Oh, my feet spazz Monday. Yeah. Shoulder start to sound like it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. You know, I'm already. I live in the city right. And I'm already. I never heard it. You know what they have. Both yet. Both yet. Just to stay at the first day. I've heard anybody say. Both. Yeah. Right. And you said you said about hour book. When you pay a dollar for stuff. You protect the four feet. One feet. I'm a six point five. You pay a dollar. You pay a seven cents on the dollar. Right. So. You know, I just came. Okay. And it's taken part there. He said effort. What he said. He's votein' no. He said effort. I don't say that. Not now, man. Because the federal censorship commission be knocking on your door between on midnight and I'll take away all your possessions and your first morning, thirdborn. And anybody else in between. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Isn't it great to live in a community where there's this much, this vibrant, excitement and interest and concern about what's going on? Which is the only reason, by the way, that they're always able to put one over on. You're every time they want. You know, because most of the people here are in Lala and their favorite song is Ehh. That's their theme song. That's the Anthem for Dave County. Ehhh! All that song is that one sing, a chorus song, full withAS, please sing along the lines and practise Elle   eigene G force lifting, the one is the juillage dmg y I'm queer and biad mission. I'm a fact who likes to involve. I can't convince this mission. It's that, but that's not all. I already knew that through the promise it's not all. Just so proud of you, you can still join this guy from the referral station round five. In that round five, you can join this boy and I and I suffer. I like that, life's. I live a beautiful of all. I live a beautiful of all, now we're going to do that. It'll choose people. I thought one of the ditches who walked like this. I found the newer ditches. I liked to wear a dress. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. I thought I'd go to the beach. Are you fucking kidding me? 103 and 550 WQM. Happy Monday to you for more of your close personal friends here at 3-speed radio 5-60 WQM. We're even a X-Shox can say. Only one. Here's Miami. Yes, sir. Thanks for reading my letter earlier. Was this a guy that blocked out his last name? No, no, no. I don't know. I don't know what I used to give you my name. I would have got to do that. He puts a letter on the other to what his name is name in there. In my newspaper this one, which I had read, and then he facts me a copy of it and crossed it out his last name. Well, I don't know that he said it. So maybe with somebody else trying to protect him. I don't know. That's possible, but highly unlikely. But anyway. Yeah, but even if it's in the paper, I mean, hello. Exactly. You get everything. Anyway, again, reiterating. Please. Hey, they've totally missed the damage to this point. Why are we going to expect that they will manage correctly, up Penny? They can't. You know, it's interesting. On the front page of the Sunsepolis morning, there's a big thing you're grand vision for Miami. And it's got Joe Carrillo on there. And he says, I just want to quote one thing that he said. And of course, I wouldn't trust him from here to the wall, but nevertheless, he says, this is a city that has more potential than any other meaning Miami. Not only in America, but worldwide. The only thing we have standing in the way of this city, reaching its greatest potential, is the corruption we have here. Now, this coming right from Joe Carrillo's mouth. I mean, are we going to trust the politicians to take this extra 1% sales tax and spend it on the things that they promised us? No. That's not in your life. Yeah, that was it. And I have already had feelings with another government that, yes, we're going to, we're asking you to approve this. And we'll get approved from the government. We're matching funds. And we'll have this wonderful facility. Never happened. Okay, Tim. Thank you. Have a great day. There's a guy who's going to vote four times. I guarantee you that. And we'll cost any money to get him to vote five, six, seven, six, six, six, six, six on the AT&T Wireless line. And if you that have been here actually during both the situation during the first referendum on the metro rail, which was just a nightmare, I think it was 1980. Am I right about that? I believe so. About 20 years ago. Anybody that was here then? And so what went down in the lives that were made in all the money that was wasted? And then even Elf, even Elf President, the Reagan said, after the whole thing went down about a year later, he said, air for the money that it cost to build a metro rail in Miami. They could have bought every man and woman in date County, a new car, a new limousine and not spent a billion dollars that they spent to build that boom notgal, that nobody was riding. Nice going Ronnie, of course you forget. Here's a mobile in the four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I got a little story for you. My mother-in-law is reporting to get in Christian. Oh, and she knows I don't believe in God. God, and all that stuff. So you don't have a cabin client as a CK or whatever. She buys me a T-shirt that has a CK on it, but it's Christ's King. So my wife's daughter's her, why did you buy that for him? He's not going to wear it. She goes, he goes, he doesn't believe in it. He doesn't believe in it. Well, he's our creator. Yeah. Did you get it now? Did you get it George? Did you get it folks? No, late with. Okay. 560, 50560, Pomp 560, on a AT&T wireless line. Anybody get it? No. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I got a course with for you. They say that I've been hearing that if you do buy a major purchase in Brown County, they're going to tax you with a resident as you live in. Yeah. How true is it? If you live in Dave County, oh, you mean if you live in Dave and you go to Brown, if I have car. Yeah. And they'll tax it. If you buy a car and it's registered in Dave County, yes, of course, then it would depend on where you live. No, where you live, if you live in Dave County. That's what I do. But are there anything besides the car and the woods the answer would be no. Okay. Got it. Okay. That's my understanding. I'm pretty damn sure I'm right. Am I right? I'm pretty sure. 560, 50560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. But that's not what you're doing. Great. Okay. Two things, corruption and weak money community basically sums it all up. You went through it already once in the city of New Orleans, which right now has a 10% city tax as we speak. And you can see it. Miss management of money, first of all, they are. Oh, thank you. There's no corruption there in New Orleans. Yeah. They basically went through it and that's why it's a 10% now because it keeps going higher and higher. They had no choice but to raise it. And that community itself gathers millions of dollars and tourism. Now, I know my name because as well, and that's where most of them when he comes from. But to raise the taxes, this is a go higher and higher. And the 7% is going to turn an 8% to 8% to 8% to 8% to 9% to 9% I watch myself. I've seen it growing myself. And that's what's going to happen. It's the money that the tax that you have right now, you have to do. Which you can with the money that you have now instead of right raising for corruption and whatnot. Yeah, you respect that 2 cents. Take it back again. The local option gas tax. I don't think anybody would scream about that and do something with that. Built some more damn roads, wide and some existing roads. But stop giving us this song of the dance and threatening us by clocking up the traffic and trying to foster everybody in the voting. Yes. And you know, get somebody out there to pick by sidewalk too. Okay. Come on. Nobody out there by the moment. Okay. Yeah, get somebody out there for some storm source and the acreage by the way. Can't afford that. Well, you know, mayor, velter, you need to get 44 grand. But he's given it back. Let's hear it for the old mayor. 120 this week. 560, 5050 5060. I mean, see, this is like it's like walking through a minefield here when you get into politics. But the good part of it is there's nobody walking through it because other than the politicians themselves. Everybody else is walking around. Yeah. Yeah. So they basically have a clear field. They can do whatever it only want. Because this is probably of any metropolitan area of this size, the most uninvolved, most in the end of the hall. Most La La Land place you'll ever find. And if you black people are going to trust whiny again, if you're going to trust Uncle Tom again. But all a bull crap, whether it's really low going to whether it's a mayor, pinga or whichever one of these guys you trust. That they're going to give you all these jobs and do all these wonderful things for. Then you must be unbelievably stupid. God, how many times have you heard the same sad song over and over again? Empty promises. Oh, and then he is a dog. Oh, and Peter's now from the director of Star Trek and the producer of this spy, who shag me? It's this spy, who shags? Spot or I'll make you hold him. Sir, would you mind explaining that case and please? Thank you, Hooray, baby. Yes, yes, yes. Spot, baby. And that's quite impossible. You've really, really. And that's for my anatomy being different from yours. I am delighted. Well, they're asked for a lot of the belief. Very long, and judging from what you've seen so far, I've really hope you're here. The spy, who shags? She'll be shag now or she'll be shagging now and say. I wonder what Star Trek Command will say about that in long and prosper. Yeah, baby. Okay, let me look it up in the book. Yeah? George, is this from the 60s? I think you're out of your mind. Like, 60s now, either. You're crazy too, if you wait. Oh. 1070. Like I said. Okay, 560, 505, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, we're going to all music now because we don't want to say anything that might offend anybody out there. And we're getting real nervous about that. Here's, uh, okay. Hello. You. Yes, sir. You know, ridiculous. At the media is still going on about this whole JFK tragedy. You can either find it. Yeah, okay, get a life pal. Okay, that's one of your chronic buddies out there. Get a life sweetheart. That bit that that that little baby talk that something's new on a barf up a great lunch. Great lunch today by the way, Brad. And we apologize for profusely from some of your imitators around here. 567.05. 60. Are you serious? He called up Brad to apologize? Yeah. That won't do them any good next time. Oh, you will. And he's just sitting the stage for the next 3 million once. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, man. Hi, feeling. Okay. I wanted to confirm your report about a Ricky Martin. He's definitely bisexual. He admitted it on a on a Latin television program maybe two years ago. Uh-huh. And, you know, he keeps saying that he's with this woman that he's totally straight, but he's just lying. And I don't know what's going on. I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart. But the bi-saxial woman part is maybe he wants to say something. He wants that next to a woman on a bus. You know what I'm saying? That's just post to a woman as I think Ricky ever got. And my other comment, what's going on with the wrestling Federation? They're resorting to having women from men now or she nails? I don't know. I'm not my bag, but talk to somebody who knows about that crap. Okay. I'm not the one. Talk to one of our sportsguides. There we go. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Good. I'm going to talk to you about the radio station for exposing these frauds, swindlers, these chisers that are running dead county. You know, trying to push into the ground. I was trying to push this down or throw. And I mean, I've also made a comment. I was around with the first metro rail. And something that I don't think too many people bought up about the massive real estate fraud that went on during the first time around. Yeah. And I just encourage everyone to go out there and vote and the message to these politicians. No mode taxes. I said, let him the shock of their lives on Thursday. I live in Grower, but I wish just for one day I could be in date County because I vote at least 40 or 50 times. And may or less stay or harm get out of dodge. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We got rid of him once and then just like a bad penny, he keeps showing up again. Fine. What was the guy saying, John Dyer? That's right. John Dyer is the one that screwed us up. He was in on the original metro. He was one of the planners of that deal. He was like the transportation director. And then he went out to Los Angeles and the swindled them out of a whole song to dance and put together a boom dog or a little system that never worked out. John Dyer as in. We're dying over here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. That enough of the second car kids you play all the time. You bury that. You haven't played that in years. You got to get that out again. That's good. Yeah. And about that fake play you have the time. You're going to be in the front row of seats. Did every performance? No. You don't need a proper seat. Yes. So, I'm stuck there. It's okay. And thanks for listening by the way to the highly rated Neil Rogers show here on 560 WQM. You've got to be in the front. You've got to be in the front. You've got to be in the front. No. George will be there though. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Another retard. Another one of those mental cases out there are man with no life whatsoever. Who's got the radio turn up real loud. Probably sitting on his goddamn radio right now getting real vibrations on his back. Have a great day, pal. Good talk and ask what's like you because it's nice to know that you're out there. Here's a mobile in-door. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Some people don't seem to remember. But when Maristar Heine before during a metro rail thing. You didn't hear? Do you remember there was another tax increase? It was supposed to be all law enforcement, fire, and the people all voted before. Don't remember. And then boom. A week after Sir Heine and the commission got it. They said no we can use it for whatever we want. And they took none of it to what it was voted for. That's a real. Don't remember. Yeah, that's another Maristar Heine trick. You're asking me. Maybe somebody else would remember. I would remember the vote. You're watching. We have a real problem here because I like I told somebody in the first hour to show to the, it's such a transient area that there just aren't very many of us who were here. That's one of your as a group of parents. That's a pretty creative first time. In addition to which how many of us could survive 20 years here without getting there a lot of this place. That's true. I forget about that sometimes since I've been under all my life. But there is hope. I'll be gone soon. I'll go back to heck. Oh, they're all bailing out, damn it. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way for that jackass that no return before that ain't a return return. And no further talking. And keep a whole re out the more mine. The funds are so good. And come on on on. Pock six. Oh yeah. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. What happened to our friends in four miars are we on the year over there today? I'll be took a soft because of that whole FTC business, you know. You never beat two cusses. Probably put that good old time religion back on there again. All right. Those are the people at the FTC ought to be at there. Those are the ones most of them ought to be in jail. Pretty fraughting all these pathetic, lonely old people, mostly women out of their lifetime savings with all this fraudulent bull crap. Oh no, we can't touch that. It's in the name of religion. Yeah, right. Here's the rail. Yes, sir. I'm working to rail. I'm one of those poor slas that have been here for like one metro rail started more than 20 years plus. Oh, I have to say I am out of here next month. I have to stay in the street. But I will vote and vote off in this Thursday. And that's going to be no. And I'm telling, like, I've been telling everybody that I know to vote no. To vote no. You're doing pretty good. I worked a mid. I should have so many of you will be here much of your show. Yeah. But I've been reading the paper and you talk about mass information and lies that people are at the Penelas and everybody else is trying to feed the public. It's not going to fly. And I don't think it's going to pass. I think a lot of people are going to rise up. I know it was a good call yesterday on a son. Sunday's paper by Pearl Highson. Oh, hi. Yeah, right it on the ear before was great. It's great. And it's great. And it'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. It'll be a miracle. They'll be the miracle, they'll be the miracle. They'll be at the bottom of the. The miracle. is good. Before we have nothing but a bunch of corrupt politicians in here, thank God, we don't have those people like very shriber and Johnny Jones. And I mean, the list goes on forever. Houseburner man, there's doing. Cardio Girston doing by the way, anybody seen him lately? Oh, wonder how he's doing with all that money that he disappeared within Mercedes. And that was hot, Chixie was a, you know, he had a little nose problem. Whatever happened with that, never heard any more about that. Just like the thing, what else cops in that prostitution ring, they were running down there. You know, you people in the media here, who are you fooling? Who are you, kiddin? We got leave on her and his on a front page like I said, we never got one call about that. Here's yesterday's arrow, okay? This is supposed to be a major market newspaper, a one famous newspaper that's not just a piece of crap that most peraquets by the way start pouting if you put it in the bottom of their cage. They start doing real bad sports if you put it in the cage. Careful, leave on trade. This is the same newspaper that just kind of dropped the ball along with the other one, but it was a day County story. Drop the ball on that story about the prostitution ring with a 16 year old. Not just an ordinary prostitution ring, but with miners, okay? With underage girls. All these cops come in from all around date County showing up there and you know, somebody's got a list and the who was being naughty and nice. And all of a sudden, like you guys said one day last week, it just dried up like a big prune. Turned into a weird dance like a plump turns into a prune. Like your great turns into a reason. Maybe they got hooked up. Not could be it. Maybe they hooked up Barry Jackass with himself. Well, here's a call from four miles, hello. You got? Yes, sir. Are we on over there? We're on over here. All right. You're on over here. Well, they're going to say the crap over here that doing over on your coast. What do you mean the sale tax was 67%. And I got to tell you, half the meat heads that live in this county. They think it's a great idea. For what? What are they going to do with it? We signs have a party. No, we just need a few more family members and local government. That's all a little bit more corruption. You know, mice or cars are going up. Anyhow, we love your show. Thanks a lot, Pax. For being there. Say how to the muslies. And tell them that guy up in Jersey still wants to 75 bucks. Oh, yeah. You people at the FCC, you could find these people all you want. You could wait till health reasons over before you get the money. I guess right around whatever next license we know all the time would be. Maybe right about that. And maybe it might be time for them to pay up. Well, 32 to a fine 50 WQM. By the way, I heard the rumor is that they're going to be making a picture to show and saying them backwards. Yeah, what's his name? Grantellol Andonio. He's going to be recording the show and sending them backwards to the FCC to prove that we're back masking on his show. Why we're smoking with it? We got that bond with up. Singing a song and doing our... What answer right? You know what else rhymes with song and uh... Long? Don't say it. Ding. Ding. Yeah. Which is dead. 560505060 pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Well, I'm telling you this thing is they're getting hard. Okay, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Question. Uh, is watching over the weekend or when those sapeto is inducted into the Hall of Fame? Yes, sir. What is this thing with the developer for him? But they have a guy that was a convicted drug dealer in the... What is this? This guy's phone crapped up. You have to come to me back, pal. I think what he's trying to say is, see that don't care about drugs. Whether you're sold drugs, whether you did drugs, the only thing that professional sports cares about is gambling because it makes them look better. Reflect badly on the game. If you would read that book, Frozen Cahn's about the NFL about all these uh... Huddlers that are playing in the national football league, it makes it very very clear. Whether it's baseball or football, any professional sports, they maybe they don't give a crap about any of these things. You can meet up your women. You can uh, you know, do all the drugs in peddle of drugs. They don't give a crap about that money laundering. All I care about is if you're I would get a gambling thing. That's why back in the days when Mickey Mantle I think it was, had like a very minor interest to get some stock in a casino in Atlantic City. And right away, the Major League baseball step in an amazing, divest himself of that interest because oh, it's a gambling thing. You see, they pee in their pants if anybody would believe that there's gambling involved. And thank god, nobody gambles on Major League Sports. 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Two things. First of all, my thing that you people want to realize that there's a provision in this thing that says they can bring the toll back in five years. Right. So fun. Expansion that was already planned. Correct. And the second thing is I think you ought to go on by a lot of stock in Atlantic and search and dollar because they're going to be making fortunes after Thursday. You think you think is going to pass? Well, the ghost must go those out there. Again, all the dead people. Yeah, right. And the problem that Bertrand and his out for one day too. Okay. Thank you, sir. He's right. Gonna have 40,000 dead people vote on Thursday to put it over the time. 560505050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Pardon me. I have the flu. So if I tell my come dragon, I'd be going to just end my life. You're dragon. Oh boy. I'm a dragon. Anyway, many years ago when you used to this street talk, pardon the pun. You had somebody on your show at local politician. She was a woman. And she was talking about taxes. I think it was when they were trying to put I95 through and them back in those days. And what do you mean put I95 here? Well, it wasn't complete. They were still building section. Oh, yeah. There were bill and North North, North and part of the app. Well, North and Ford pierced away. Right. And she was talking about well, we need more taxes through. And I know you don't remember the conversation. I know you got the gist of it. I said to her, well, if the tax base increases because you have more people and you need more roads, you getting more money. Why do you need to increase the tax base? And her answer was, well, for start up. I said, okay, let's take that. So what happens two years down the pipe after it's paid for? And her answer was, well, you know, to try to woman getting an allowance from a husband, she gets $50 in the next year. She wants more. And it's like to turn bike. Exactly. To turn bikes and all the toll roads down here was supposed to be paid off a year as a girl. Right. And all these cock and any politicians that come up with this same garbage which by the way happened to me very recently in my local town of Davy. Yeah. Where they increased the rate of $15 a year because they needed more paramedics and they needed more fires higher engines because they built a new community with million dollar homes where they speak of the paying tons of taxes. So where they raised in the tax for? They're getting more tax. Well, I'm going to tell you this. I mean, after the long torture and history of lies and abuse and corruption in the stand, anybody who lives with their more than five minutes who believes the word of the politician, especially this this pitch-squeak mayor of ours in Dave County who comes in here in the very first thing he does is lie to the public. It's elected on a totally false premise and turns around and stabs the public in the back. And I don't care how wonderful it looks down there. And how glamorous it looks. The fact is it's going to cost the taxpayers and arm like the subsidized that place for the rest of time. It was long as it's there. Exactly. And the point is that the taxes will never go down but their tax space increases. And all these people out there that's these nuts that are going to vote for it. Ask yourself last time the taxes went up to the same below. Yeah, what happened when everything was paid up? What did they do with the excess money besides stuff? And you know something I remember like it was yesterday the same thing about minorities getting the jobs and all the promises that were made and the minorities didn't get the jobs then and they aren't going to get the jobs now. And if they're that stupid that they're going to believe all this bullcraft that's been better than by the establishment then they deserve what they get. I don't care I live in Broward County, Scrum. If they're that part of it is mostly the minorities and the ones that fall for it. Yeah, what do they think it's going to do and some good? Well, so you know sooner or later you got to get smart and have a great day for your future. Okay, 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Or look at the size of that FedEx box. I think that's our $50 million from Ed McMan. Yeah, in small bills hang around Carlisle share a little with you. Not too much. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. We're running. I got that so much money. So much money and it's funny. Why don't you go to speak? Think I'm here with me. Yes, because I am so glad. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Everybody go to home. Listen up. Let's say, boy, I committed to a next world for all. Yes, the body says just saying to Ross Perole and goodbye, audio is your out. Thank you for that. Now, what's the worry going to do for guest ordering that period of time? 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kindle. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know, uh, uh, I'm good out today a lot driving around and I've gone through the 874, the Don Shula, down by my mid-AIDS staff, uh, retimes today. So I've come up down and back up again. And I noticed, uh, I'm on these roads all the time. I've noticed that they had less of the, uh, the stalls open, I guess you call them. And I asked where the toll takers and she smiled and said, well, they've kind of cut back a little bit this week. Yeah, this week. It's sunny of guns. You know, they're just trying to put this on your ears. They're doing it over. And, in fact, you remember that week and a couple of weekends ago, I remember came back from my vacation. Right. And, you know, I'm going eastbound on a wood mile lock instead of going away. I usually the way 36 to the ball met over the 75. I go eastbound to try to get to 95 from the airport. And here they got the big backup on the road. That's what I see 50 cent. And I had no idea where this came from. Low and low and behold, I get on the early next day and find out that this has all been planned. It's all been orchestrated at the timing of it. And they get on and the mirror gets on the early the next morning and says, Oh, well, I hope that the people are frustrated enough that they understand that we're so congested and they'll vote for the penny sales tax. Yeah, well, they're going out of their way to make your life miserable to try to brainwash you when they're getting sucked into this penny sales tax. Yeah, the virus would just have somebody come up and slash your tires. Right. That's right. Oh, boots. I'm not right. It is so frustrating. You know, and it's equal to with the silky fits. Why exactly? Just the line. No, okay. 5605. I mean, this is, and of course, the media, they're moving. Well, you know, they're just walking around like they don't understand what's going on. When are we going to have somebody in his town on television or in the newspapers? Who says something besides Carl Heissard about three times a year when he's not worried about the manatees? I mean, what are we going to have somebody who gets on and it says, take a look at this. This is a disgrace. They're screwing up your life. They're doing this intentionally to try to frustrate you into voting the way that they want you to. Not my imagination in this guy. But he's personal experience. Oh, well, this week they've got the number of boots open cut down so that it can congest traffic as much as possible to get you frustrated. So on, there's that even against your better judgment. You might go out there and vote like an idiot. That, you know, that alone should piss. In fact, maybe that's one of the reasons that it turned around so badly between June and July, you know, that more and more people are getting turned off to their heavy handed tactics are trying to force them into voting a certain way. You got to keep on thinking mind that there are a hell of a lot of people out of town or a lot of living and reading people on vacation won't be here on Thursday. And maybe that isn't so bad after all. Because that'll give those of you who are most highly motivated to just say no opportunity to go out there and do something to make a difference this time. Here's color red, Chillow. Yeah, no, yes, sir. Well, hi, long time listener. Yet today I got home and I looked at the cover of the mine in Harold, the lead sponsor named is front page. The wolffully and right above that Tony Martin and I called the hero, sir, and I spoke to a nice long young lady named Jasmine. Probably talked to her for about 10, 15 minutes or so. Yeah. And she was really nice to me. I had her cracking up and it's just ridiculous. I mean, the things they put on a major market newspaper. The front page blast all over it. I mean, I thought it was ridiculous when they put very jackasses color on the front page about this new sports station on 2400 on the AM dial. It's not even on the area, but to put a whole front page with a right picture because the much like this is a major bullet, and first of all, it's been rumored for weeks that we're going to trade Levi number one. Number two, nobody's interested in the Marlins anymore. They had 14,000 people for a Saturday game yesterday in the middle of about I think five out of six winning speakers. Nobody cares. And to put this on the front page like this is major news. It's unbelievable. If you went to the local section we need some help. Yeah. The story there was about later, Coutelby, which certainly wanted more news than it's just ridiculous now. listen to it and keep it up, you're great, love your show. And God bless us. Thanks. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. And the reason, like I've said before, that this town has deteriorated the way that it has is because there just aren't enough people here who give a damn. That's why it didn't take me too many years. It's a few too many, but it didn't take me too many years before I realized that I was spinning my wheels, wasting my time. I was going to move a limb, doing all that topical crap with a guess and try to be a mover and a shaker and making a difference in his town. Okay, how can you make a difference when nobody gives a crap? So instead of trying to make people give a crap, you just come on here and you say crap, that's it. And all of a sudden, they're all lamb. You're always great. You're like that. Oh, yeah, another. Eeeeh. Eeeeh. Loll-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-