Sports radio 560WQAM Miami Sports Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers' U.S. Dr. Dr. Dr. Neil called 567-056-B. Cold Free for dating Rower in Philadelphia. Dr. Dr. Neil 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil is yes, all are there. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-Renette positions or the Beesley broadcast group? No, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-0A L. Mad Marliner on Sports radio 560-0A L. Oh, thank you, baby. Yeah, we're here. Oh, Ryan. Well, there's a nice green day rain in the forecast, you can't even hear. Now the KK have good days because of your parents. Yeah. If you are yellow or purple or God for it, Rows, you'll be like new salinity hanging upside down. You should lock and roll your guns with half-in-power. But if you want to kill those lights, step them to the showers, and then some pre-takes that cast on your right-suffin thing away, are you glad that you've got it for a pack today? Happy Canada, I am all. That's also a 560-0A L. Mad Marliner very strange Wednesday. Must be chronic Wednesday based on last two minutes. I heard they're in a worse team. Must be all chronic. Is that what it is? Yes, evidently. So Suzanne Smith and Boiton Beesley tend to be nice thanks. But guess what, Suzanne? And I want to nip this in the blood because I don't want to waste any time here today. It would be these people crawling. Oh, Neil, just see that front line thing on PBS about the Russian mafia and the Asian hockey league. No, I did not see it because it was on CDC like two years ago. And it's an old re-hagion. It's very old news. And it's much to do about nothing. It's quite about people who's going on about this morning. Much to do about nothing, but thank you, Suzanne. Thank you for the facts. So they're going to be, you know, people wanting to talk about that. And I don't want to talk about it because it's a bunch of crap. It's about to steal old news. You know, like Mussolini's got a headache, stuff like that. Well, I guess wealth is still won't have a, and when they call them wealth is still. I never really understood for sure what that meant. Now I think we know, for sure. He won't have no more headaches. Sex claims spurred last and this day and will Chamberlain is dead at 63. The claim was shocking. Will Chamberlain said he had sex with 20,000 women. The revelation made him fodder for comedians and turn the Hall of Famer into a reference for a sexual, Raggedosio. Maybe we'll find out today which kind of audiences had sex with most women. What would be a believable number? Not in the thousand, certainly. Huh? Two, three dozen this week. In his 1991 biography of you from above and he did mean above as in looking down there, looking down below. Chamberlain, well, when you're seven, one, everybody is underneath you. Chamberlain devoted an entire chapter to sex. He said that if he had a count as sexual encounters, he'd be closing in on 20,000 women. Oh, yes, that's correct. 20,000 different ladies he wrote. Not the same woman like over and over again because you know, for I'd be despised alive. 20,000 different pitches. Wonder if any of more like co-course. How much he even had to do co-course in homestay and OJ? Anyway, at my age, that equals up to having sex with 1.2 women a day every day since I was 15. Where do you have sex with that point, two of a woman? I sure hope not in her. Back home. God. The reaction was swift and severe. Chamberlain jokes about that they also became a lightning rod for those disco-alpha of sex with 20,000 women. You must have a lightning rod. For those disgusted by his promiscuity, Arthur Asheville people harshly criticized Chamberlain and Magic Johnson the former Lakers star who announced that he had contracted the AIDS virus month after Chamberlain's revelation. In his 1993 memoir, Asheville, he didn't believe Chamberlain's claim. I felt more pity than sorrow for Willis as much of a counting back far down him. And then if the form of a wave of public criticism, but you know what? I don't think he cared about the public criticism. Do you? No. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I don't like that. I just can't stand goodie to issues. If he had sex with 40,000 women, that's his business. And if he had big enough balls to brag about it, what's wrong with that? I guarantee there was probably a lot more truth to that than a lot of you guys out there, especially these locker room types that are always bragging about how much they're getting laid who haven't got laid the maybe ever in fact. You know what I'm talking about? Okay, you know the types. Oh yeah, I did this one. I did. And of course they're not doing any bikes, maybe themselves. Maybe if they can find it. So Willis still does that. And of course we'll find out today if we got anybody in the audience can measure up to him. Of course he was seven foot one. He was a very grotesque looking guy. There's no question about that. As most seven. And there were very few seven foot tall guys who are good looking. Let's face it. He was especially, I mean, imposing gruesome looking guy. But when you're seven one. Can you use the measure what he was dragging around? Here's Carl Springs, hello. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Okay sir. You just reminded me of that scene in young funk and steam where she Terry got to it. You must have had a large bunch of muckin' doors. Great, something like that, yeah. So I have just a couple of quick points and I'll let you go. I don't want to ruin the first call all the day. But vanilla ice, you know what's your, what, what, what are you like vanilla? And I get to wilt. I like vanilla. I like to wilt up. I even like Kate Winsley. Yeah, why don't you have crappy taste? What can I say? I don't know. Not everybody can have good taste. I know. I know. I think if you divide wolves three bounds by the number of women he slept with, you can probably accumulate a good IQ in that sense. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. And maybe you maybe have the Charles on a shopping screen. Probably. I feel it's with, with work or Peter work. I'm so I can't, I keep confusing work done in Peter work. Because like I said the other day. And I'm the only one that pays any attention to these things. Don't you find it a little bit strange that the same college, the same university, a simultaneously they both did play together at the same time until work done be moving on to the Pros. But I mean, what is that? All these Jews have the end war where we're coming to the national anthem at their games now. So maybe that's where speed was. He was on a shopping speed at dealers with those other boys with those other shows. Had some ugly stuff there, I'm not sure all last night. It wasn't bad enough that the game was so bad. Oh God, that was a horrendous game. But, uh, Pavel Brewer with a groin, Scott Melonby with a scary, scary smashing of the boards right at the, uh, was siren there at the end of the game with a concussion. I think seldom is any team want a game in the history of their franchise and had to be as costly as that wouldn't was for the Panthers last night. That was gruesome to watch. Of course, I get a little problem with ruts in the ice. How long have I been talking about that? I've been screaming about that and nobody seems to care. And the season's not even two weeks old this year. Already you got all these guys getting suspended for beating the crap out of each other, sparing and slashing and just all kinds of unconscionable unacceptable crap. And you got all these guys getting injured already because the ice is so bad. That's why Brewer went down. I mean, you know, maybe people were wanting to tell you that. That was a run in the ice that happened here last year. The first game that he played here fell down a couple of times. You see it here all the time. Bad ice all over the league is Gary Bettman care. Oh, buddy, and league care. Oh, no, it's only these guys livelihoods. And the same thing happened in Melonby there at the end. Rutney ice, boom down he went, spin around right with the head into the boards. It looked really scary. Just laid there, laid there for like an interminable time. Took him to the hospital and Montreal last night, 1215. He walked out. He's got a concussion. Thank God nothing worse than that. But a horrendous, grotesque scene to have to watch their last night. And the game wasn't too great either. Correntice will take the two points. Thank you, but not too pretty. Eight minutes after 10 we got more O.J. stuff today. Never ends. It just never ends. It never be ended. And then we got Mayor Pinguas all over the place. Nice going CBS. They'd mayor orders police, the scratch bear guns. How do you like that? And you guys call it as guns down by CBS. That mayor, Pinguaman. He's an asshole. Something you look at him and you know what he looks like. He looks like a stupid little twerp. Yeah, that too. And you know what? He looks like it because that's what he is. He's a little punky, stupid idiotic jerk. That's what he is. A little wise guy, a little dummy. Yeah, little piece of crap. Most of us have had more meaningful stuff come out of our vacuum. In our lives than him. I wouldn't even dignify him by calling material. That would be an insult to turds all over the world. That's what Jason said. You know, analization that's either busy, dropping them or just, I factively, they're of. What is his story, by the way? Why is he so anal? That's right. I forgot he's a sports nerd. Jewish sports nerd. Kind of like, what's his name? Clare? No, no. Oh, by the way, Clare, it stops. Stop sucking hanks ass so much. What's with your clearance? Jesus Christ. You know, and Hank, yes, they what? What happened? Hank, he's at one day he's like rational. The next day he's regressing. Just when I think he's on a right road to recovery. He's back sucking Eddie Pope's ass again yesterday. Oh, hey, come on. What a disgusting thought that is. Eddie, the Pope rhymes with dope has written anything coherent in a hundred years. Even mentioned Eddie Pope, but everybody in town, a little bit like their ass off, and Hank was just had his head all the way in there yesterday. So I sure hope that the stuff he got off to you me doesn't rub off inside of Eddie Pope. Oh, that was terrible, Hank. But anyway, you know, you're intradible about opinion every now and then. You're right, you're right. I was on a business trip in the middle of, and I pulled into a garner with a. So I could call the boys back at first, but first I decided to get something. I ordered them. But frankly, it was a little underdone after a couple of minutes I started to. And I had a make a straight for the. I proceeded to my guts out when I came back out. I felt so bad that I decided to. My doctor. So I over to the. Pick up the and call those. Operator. I gave her my doctor's number and she told me I'd have to. She told me I'd have to deposit big. So I told her I was out of change and that this was a medical. Well, she just. Oh, and then she. On me after I got out of the hospital, I canceled my. Sorry, bought a big and went down to the phone company to. Or brings out. Look, I may be. But nobody's going to make it. Not me. 15 to five, 16 WQM. Hank will be on a two league. I've just collected booster. I've just collected booster. Panters had to honor to play those. Maple Leaf. To the clock tonight. So the O.J. Sagger continues. Now there's. You know, and of course, everybody else is a liar. It's kind of like around here. Everybody else is a liar except for. J. Calls up 911 calls the police. They're playing the transcripts on every guy damn channel. It's ever been invented in some that aren't on the area. They got to write their on tape. But all I was a misunderstanding. And he never said it was her it was some other girl. And he never said it was Pedro Guerrero. He was also a misunderstanding. And that's how to run. So on. Jesus Christ. Talk about a bunch of neurotic crap. Just what we needed here in South Florida was more neurotic crap. Now the mom. And of course, you remember the blonde. The the cold look. I like that the one in between and between. When he murdered Nicole and then this one. The blonde. They was hanging out with that he supposedly was going off to with the Bahamas. To their love nest. And then their parents said. She said. Well, thanks. And they kept talking about drugs and all the coke. How come that coke thing keeps sticking its ugly white nose into whatever he goes? Where's it the other way around? It keeps sticking its the end itself. It was nose everywhere it goes. Yeah. Mom of O.J. is girlfriend. I hope they break up. He should only croak. I think is what she means. The mother of O.J. Since his girlfriend, Christy Prodicenter daughter has been trying to break off the romance. And even move the South Florida for a new life. But the former football star keeps pursuing her. Is the word pursuing or maybe stalking? Huh? Huh? She told me they weren't seeing each other. But she still talks to him. So that means he can still get to her and visit her. Can't he bella more said on Tuesday for many apples home? I hope they break up. On Sunday Simpson and Prodic are viewed in the West. Can't a her West Kendall townhouse. Simpson called 911 seeking help saying Prodic was high on drugs. Prodic 26 works in the skin care business. Move the South Florida from Los Angeles couple. Not to go. And Simpson 52 is still resides in California. Is a frequent visitor to her least unit. He's bringing her unit. His unit to her unit. On Tuesday, they're both explaining away the fight. And please for help saying it all bit a big misunderstanding. Yeah. Right. Simpson who flew back to Los Angeles told KABC television. The incident had nothing to do with me, my girlfriend. And Prodic echoed that outside her time. I was saying the woman Simpson described as being loaded out of her mind was not her. But a mutual female friend, somebody else, I had nothing to do with it. But. But. The Miami did County officer responded to the servant's call on to this. They said, read my report. It's all there. Read my lips. In the report, officer Alan DeHaze zoos quotes Simpson naming Prodic and Laging she is one of the drug problem. Prodic's mother is done the same thing in several tabloid TV shows. She said the football star are quit out of the murder of X-Wax and Colbond. Simpson and a friend is a bad influence on her daughter. Prodic, Simpson almost three years ago, while she worked as a cocktail waitress. I'll remember Frano, he was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time. Customers couldn't even get a drink. She didn't use to do drugs until they started to hang it around together. Bill Morrison. How do you like that? I don't know. Maybe she just had a nose problem. I have no idea. See George has got this thing about co-chorus, crack horrors. I don't have a thing about him. I just know about him. Oh, well, that's what I'm talking about. You probably do some of them. Most of them. The, that led. That led drug use. What does McCain difference? Probably some people around to building have some connections. Maybe they even have Pedro Guerrero's home phone number. That led drug use is what brought Miami-Dade police to the townhouse on the Sunday night. I'm in a tour of here. It seems to have called 9-11 complaining that his girlfriend was out of the influence. It's at a month or so on. And then it goes out about the Haysus gave the domestic violence brochure and left for this partner. He said, I got the impression he was going to look for a protein. Then the other article. The other article. Even better. This is great. Two police officers arrived at the townhouse and found only Simpson there. And they report they wrote, Mr. Simpson advised that he and his girlfriend, Ms. Prote, were having a verbal dispute. Mr. Simpson further advised that Ms. Prote was under the influence of an unknown substance. Mr. Simpson then advised Ms. Prote that he was going to take her to the hospital for treatment. At this time, Ms. Prote told Mr. Simpson that he was going to call police if he didn't leave. I think it like that. She was going to call the police if he didn't leave. Mr. Simpson said, I'm sorry to sound awfully familiar again. Oh, man. I'm concerned from his protease safety. Mr. Simpson called 911. Ms. Prote then fled the scene in an unknown direction in the listed vehicle, a white 1997 Ford, a white 1997 Ford. Must thank convertible. Tim, wouldn't that have been perfect if we would have been a white Ford Bronco? Oh my god. We'd have been wet in our pants right now. A white Mustang convertible with California tax parked in front of Brody's townhouse was Monday. He was leased in her name in 1997 record show. The officers gave Simpson a domestic violence brochure and then left. And now they're both saying, all we had nothing to do with that. It was somebody else and we don't know no Pedro Guerrero and that's it. We don't know no godfather. Who's wants any olive oil business with this some crack hole but other than that. He don't know godfather and that's the end of that. Lies and bullcraft and just psychosis come on right here to your town boys and girls. Just what we needed was another crazy person. Oh, say here. That's just what we needed. Just go away. Oh man. That's what we say. Don't go away, man. Just go away. Just take all your crack holes and all your bullcraft and all your threats and 911. One call just take it someplace else. And the best part of is the channel for it. Have you yesterday where they interviewed her? So they got some other friend. He was either Haitian or like some, I don't know, some Caribbean jungle guy. They got him on there and he comes up with a story about, oh no. It was all big misunderstanding. It was some other girl that they were conservative. And they didn't know what to do with her because they were so terrified. She was all messed up on drugs. And so they called O.J. and LA and he flew down here to take care of the front. Yeah. But you know, it's only, you know, you make the reservation. You hop on to plane. Totally what? Seven hours by the time you get to the airport. You get to, if you're assuming you get a flight right away and a five hour flight, you get down here. And you know how fast you can run through that, that hurts counter to get to Renacart. Does anybody believe that story? No, no, of course not. More crazy, crazy crap. All surfing around. Oh, man. Our good best buddy of Roy. Come to the other people in this building. And they can't figure out why we just, you know, I see I don't like scumbags. Even assuming he didn't murder those two people, which we know for sure he did. But even assuming he didn't, he still has scumbags. He's the lowest form of subhuman scumb. We don't want anything to do with him. We don't want him here. We have enough scumbags here already. You could put the chicken fat and the refrigerator uncovered overnight and never be able to scrape off enough scumb like you got here already. So the last thing we need here is more scumb. Speaking of the mayor, by the way. Cuban band faces battle over on coral. That's right. They're not going to just sit back in to take this really easy. Siding concerns over pubic safety. Local officials said to the, they were exploring ways to block a promised return engagement by Cuban band band, Los Bamban, who said it in a concert at the Miami Arena prompted some Cuban exiles demonstrating outside to hurl slurs and bottles of concert coars. Miami did mayor Alex Pinguas said he was drafting a letter to the White House and the US State Department asking officials to deny visas that would allow the band to return the US. Take away their visa to master cart and their goddamn discover cart. How do you like that? But state department officials said public safety concerns based on recent protests are not grounds for denying Los Bamban visas as long as promoters obey federal rules limiting the money the band receives to travel expenses in the small per day. Separately, Miami City Attorney Alejandro Villarrello, whatever the hell is named, is Delarello. Began exploring whether a threat of physical harm to concert gorson demonstrators could prop the city to see the court ordered a block to return performance by Los Bamban and Pettles. Now, wait till you hear this. I mean, do you talk about a slap in the face? This guy must take where all his dumb as he is. This mayor Pinguas. That's why he put that petty sales tax out of balance. He thought you people were just as stupid as he is. Mayor Pinguas says he thinks Castro sympathizes and agents were posing as demonstrators outside Saturday's concert to edge egg on the crowd. He's got egg on his push for saying something like that. Because all those other good upstanding humans, we know they would never do anything like that. It's all a communist plot. That's right. He said they would do so again. If the band is there in December, they send coming a pinko sympathizers and the crappest there was be out there again. Hurling rocks and bottles and he's because his good constituents, they don't do crapp like that. God, this is a crazy person. This is a person who belongs in a goddamn rubber room. It is my obligation is mayor to protect the safety and welfare of people in this community. You said, Los Bamban, King, they had their day. They're rights to the concert gorson protected yada yada yada yada. Et cetera. It's so on in the concert they lost all that money. Why the whole thing come back? Oh, handy. By the way, Debbie, oh, handy. And so she lost 50 grand on Saturday. But expect this show profits from the second concert. And you know something. We don't care. That's her problem. The focus on public safety by local officials. Den's from recognition that the first amendment. How do you like that? Grudging recognition that the first amendment makes it virtually impossible for government to stop Los Bamban from performing. So they have to come up with some of their cock and maybe you've excused like they really care about the welfare and the safety of the public. They don't like they cared about the welfare and safety of the public. Like if people were going to like be dying and have to go by ambulance to the hospital over on the causeway a few months ago when the same crazy people or people of their ilk were blocking the goddamn roads because they were pissed off at the Coast Guard. They have to save the and the welfare of the public. You lying sack a crap. Who the hell are you kidding man? What a jackass. What a disgrace. And speaking of jackasses, commissioner Tomas Raga Lotto tried it and failed on Tuesday to get the city commission to approve a resolution ordering municipal officials to prevent another concert by the band. Which would have been pointless anyway. That's how it's time in the executive director of the ACU points out. He says the suit by the city would be stupid and needles and absolutely a losing lawsuit. They haven't got a goddamn total stand on. Right as well, bringing piglet base. They're concerned about the safety and the welfare of this community. So if a bunch of his constituents want to go out there and block off the goddamn roads. And create a goddamn hazard and prevent ambulances and other emergency vehicles from getting from the 28th point eight of point B, then they got nothing to say about that. Then it's okay and they understand it. They're they're sympathizing with it and holding their goddamn hand. The same people are so conservative. The only thing they're concerned about is panoring again. To these anti-communist crazy people, let's all you care about. They are penga. You're not fooling anybody. We saw that election on July 27. We saw just how many people you're fooling. I've seen more people in the goddamn telephone booth. The number of people you're fooling you asshole. You idiot you scumbag you. Maybe O.J. can start dating the mayor. I think that'd be a good match. Maybe then they can both take a powder. I'm going to find a land where I'll boil for a cup. Touchstone pictures presents Robert Downey's Junior and Christian Slater in. Bunked but buddy, you ain't hard time. Oh, I've dropped the soap. Oh, but buddy, do it hard time. Coming to a theater near you. After watching this film, you won't be able to sit for a week. 1032 at 560WKM now you notice right at the beginning. I said, don't waste my time with this frontline PBS crap about the Russian Namapia hockey. But it's an old story. It's old. It's much to do about nothing. It's a bunch of bull crap. And yes, there were attempts to extort money from players. Year, this is going back years now. It's an old story from two years ago on CBC that those of us who really followed the game know something about it. No all about it. It's much to do about nothing. It's like yesterday's god damn a halivar. And here's a guy wasting facts. But how many trees do they have to chop down to make the paper that this guy's wasting now? Facts in me all this crap from the internet about this, which is all going right in a way, spask it right now. And which I have no interest. I've already seen it when it was on the CBC the first time. I didn't watch it the second time. And I sure as hell didn't watch it on frontline on PBS live night. So stop wasting our facts paper. You idiot you. Boy, this town is unbelievable. Wait till I find out President Lincoln's got a headache. Man, then you're really going to see some psychosis. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Okay, nice talking. A 31 minutes. By the way, line four was left there, but I have a feeling. Yeah. Oh wait a minute, does it work? That's a good sound. Oh, that's a good sound. It might actually work at Evans' work. And line seven. Wouldn't that be something? Because the in-house phones are working today. And maybe all the call in line are working today. Wouldn't that be something? Here's Carl Springs, hello. Oh Jay, just trying to keep his co-co-off and be killed by Russian mafia. Yeah. That's it. And Nicole was killed by Russian mafia. Okay, thank you. Here's for a lot of deal, hello. You know how you doing? Okay. Got a couple of comments. First, you know, I hope OJ gets, I know you'd laugh. I hope you stays there already. But I'm telling you, I know the media is loving it. That he's down here, especially channel seven of the potentials. And channel four, channel four, channel four, trying to out do each other. Well, yeah, I heard OJ in intensive. Yeah, I mean, they take, when they, when they put, you know, when five of the clock comes, they give you the touch stores are going to cover. And one of them was that OJ made a 911 call. Rick Sanchez is so happy. You could see it. And you know, it's how they all got this new thing. Now, OJ exclusively, only on four, really on seven. Who gives a craft, Steinware, stop trying to web presses with the fact that you've got this Smart Me garbage excuse for news on a year. Well, yeah. And another thing I want to talk to you, well, I had a pretty simple but accurate message of counting how many chicks I'd dang in college. Yeah. We had a, meema roommate had a, we had a huge corona bottle that was like a piggy bank. We oversized piggy bank. We put a coin in there. The next day every time we were dumb dang and banging a chick. So, idea, after much, fourth year of college, a counter to pay it about two 60. He had about two 20. So, I don't know how to give her take a couple around two 60, two seven year from my four year career in college. Not bad. No, we'll change the limit. But you got a long way to go. Well, no, I got to go for an Ivan bang another chicken about a year. Yeah, we believe you. Okay. Thanks, pal. Yeah, we believe. Do we believe? No. Oh, I see, met two dollars in 20 cents in quarters. I thought he met two hundred and twenty coins. So, let's see, 2020 cents. That's four eight. That's not bad. And how do you get to 20 cents out of a quarter? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So, when we get back to a mayor, Pinga. They had mayor orders police to scrap spare guns. This is only after CBS, once again, humiliated and degraded and embarrassed him and show what a jackass a little twerpious. A national television, by the way. Miami-Dade County Mayor Alex Pinga has ordered that surplus county police weapon. Be reduced to scrap metal. Following a CBS news report that found despite good intentions. That some officers gunned it up in the hands of criminals. The news report is a particular embarrassment for Miami-Dade, which has sued the gun and distributed because of the cost of local gun-related crime. So, I guess the philosophy is, well, let's just ship the crime someplace else. Nice going, Mayor. The networks three-month investigation discovered that poor Miami-Dade police weapons were connected to crimes in Chicago, including one attempted murder case in which a maintenance worker was shot three times after being mistaken for a gang member. CBS also found in the Spide A Miami-Dade County policy that used weapons that used weapons to be kept within law enforcement community. The guns often turn up in shops where they could be bought by the public. So, CBS correspondent Vince Gunn-Zolles. Penelis an advocate of gun control was spearheaded the county's lawsuit to compel 26 manufactured to design safer weapons. City was disturbed by the finding. He was disturbed by the finding and the embarrassment that they had been a little television again right there on CBS and rather giving them that evil CBSI look. Quite frankly, this underscores the problem we have with the gun manufacturers of this country, Mayor Pinguissette. Last year, they counted, tried to stop the exact practice that CBS uncovered. They had carried keys for police supply of Indian and the anti-anodivine reselled 1200 guns to others in law enforcement community. Keys were one of the nation's largest gun dealers with the only company to respond to the county's bid. Company owner, Doug Keyes were whom the hero could not reach for come and two. They said his business screened all the buyers. They had guns for a day to guns to comply with the policy. But CBS traced the weapons. Among the findings, 250 ended up at a farm supplies during Kentucky. Forty went to lose police supply in Hylia, which exported them to Costa Rica for we see Alta Consumers. Well, you know, we don't care about those Costa Rica. You might almost anyway let them lose their souls. But I'm sure he said his brains out. There you go. Nice going, Mayor Pinguissette. Here's some rise, hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I like to find out why Simpson is not arrested for having cocaine when they are arrest guys with little roaches in their cars. Who said they found cocaine on him? Everybody knows he does it. The guy isn't he arrested. This is place of the whereabouts. Well, I guess they haven't looked in the right place yet. Like in the right nostril. Well, no, no, check out the apartment that he's in or wherever he is. Yeah. And why isn't he arrested for this? I don't know. Maybe they figured small potatoes. I have to have to have two murders. What's a little white powder, you know? Yeah, that's a good point. You, you're right. Okay, thank you. 567.0560. On the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, we have two very, very tragic episodes in that Montreal game. I started. We got such great hockey fans down here. What are they all talking about today? Oh, yeah, frontline to see that last night. Did you see it? No, I was actually watching a game. Even though it was boring. I was watching our team play. And Brue, get hurt with the injured groin and Scott Melon be looked like almost got killed with the end of the game, which I was only a concussion. Anybody with anything to say about that? No. It's just amazing to me just that they just don't get it here. They don't get it. They don't get it. They're out of contact. They're out of touch with like reality with the real world out there. Somebody get them all a satellite dish. Somebody get them a compact. There's something. God. Hey, did you see that thing about the mafia? Yeah, yeah. And by the way, there is no mafia. Gordon did stop Florida a major blow job. For today's breaking win news, we go to the WWE World Wrestling Federation. Let me say something, Stan. You know, I've made me the Ice State Champion. But I'm going to hit everything aside. I'm not going to wait for a challenge from you. I'm going to get you a challenge right here right now. And a few people don't like it. And that's today breaking. We're breaking win news. 1044 or 560 WQAM. Well, I've said it once. Maybe we could pack Mayor Pinguette and OG like I said under a bus and just to send Luis. Cool things kind of cool down. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning sir. How are you? Okay sir. I got a couple things. I want to regret the yesterday that that he just played with the juror was perfectly time. Yesterday we're talking about the venture interview. Which he promised to re-read today. No, I didn't say re-read. I said it would finish him. I said it would finish him. I just started now. And I'm glad because I was in an out of the car yesterday. I couldn't have heard it. The thing he said is the guy's right on the money. He's right on the mark. I mean he's like the most honest man I've run in. Right. And any political arena ever. And they religious angles that they're put him down and degrading him. Aren't they don't they preach tolerance and forgiveness? No they preach hate and intolerant. Absolutely. That's the reason they haven't controlled any money because they always find skate quotes. They don't have any skate quotes. They don't have any skate quotes. They don't have any business a long time ago. But they hide that under forgiveness and tolerance. Now only forgive doesn't tolerance for each other. They'll like Jimmy Swagger. When they'll probably pay for the public. They'll probably forgive for them and all that. Right. Okay. On the other things. You were talking about it. It's been spreading with the mayor. What's his space? This is going to kick. Yeah. That's it. The concert last Saturday. And all these clowns and regalato being the one of the biggest clowns. The people you were you were excelling yesterday about. No one would call in. No one would talk about. The centers. Yeah. People who don't care. Don't speak. Yeah. But we were amazingly for the first time every yesterday. We had a whole bunch of people who did. Yes, you did. We did call. It was great. But the people who don't talk. Who don't put down their leaders are the ones who elected these clowns. How do you know that? You make sure you think that they voted. The only people who vote in day counting are those old human. They're the ones who elected the crazy Cubans. Right. They're running a stand count. That's correct. And when people finally wake up and realize that. Maybe we'll get some leadership. And you're not a believe that. You're not a believe that. You're not a believe that. You're not going to have any leadership in day counting. I'm not going to happen. We will never live long enough to see that happen. I agree. 100% with you sir. And something. One equation was left out. The discussion was a mayor of Miami, Corolla, who is probably a pretty good mayor. But he came out. What may as you say that? He appears to be. He's better than for us. Right. He's not as proud as for us. I wouldn't say he's a good mayor. Very hard. That's not. But he came out against this concert. Quickly for political reasons. Yeah. Why would anybody come out against this or any other reason? What's the other reason? Okay. You win. I don't think they go. Let's get there. Yeah. Yeah. Mayor Corolla. He's too busy trying to get baseball in Miami. That's what he wants. Oh yeah. Well that's another. That just keeps coming back to just like O.J. Just won't go away. Let John Henry. John Henry and you're just like O.J. Okay. Nobody can stand yet. And you won't go away. I must be crazy. I must be not. Let's be. Downtown Waterdale. High Ed Marlin site search. As they continue putting this crap on the front pages of our newspapers, this is on the front page of the Haroldus morning. By Tyler Bridges, Brad Bennett and Peter Horrisky, underline the hall part. Mayor Jim Noodle opposes the newer oversight that team owner John Henry looked at in four lotter. But nevertheless Mayor Carl Royale, he's all for it in Dave County. That's right. He's all for it. Don't worry. By Centennial Park. This is in a city where they're goddamn bankrupt, where they don't have two nickels to rub together. But we're going to come up with somebody's tax money to build a $400 million or $300 million stadium for a billionaire. Is that going to happen? No, you can take it to the bag, Mayor Carl Royale. It isn't going to happen better than the nuts. Yeah, better than the nuts. It's not going to happen. All right. Never going to happen. And by the way, I was, you know, I hear now on the Hank show yesterday, Pat Riley is getting on his hand in the crime trying to sell tickets. Oh, won't you please buy some tickets to the heat? That's he's going to start pretty soon. Oh, you'll play in the paper. You can hear the people all go, no, no, no, thanks. Yeah, he's under squirting a few weeks. Doing a tough right in the middle of those commercials there. Vogue like a little child. Come on, won't somebody please fill up those seats? Only eight bucks. Now, dollar a dollar. We'll pay you to put your ass in the seats. No, thank you. So let's build a baseball stadium down there. In a city that's God damn bankrupt where the education is a joke in a county where they just got through with this whole series around on channel four news, which it's like everything else. All these exposés. You see it for a couple of days. And then it goes away. And that's the end of it. Like we got the improstitution ring down to right candle that they keep telling us, oh, there's an internal investigation. You just wait. We're waiting. How long was that about 100 years ago that that went on? And we still haven't heard another guy damn word about it. In fact, we got the second prostitution ring that they uncovered a couple of days ago and we haven't heard any more about that. So when you talk about the attention span of the American public being short, even my penis isn't that short. It's unbelievable. For our two minutes they get all worked up a lot of the old G's in this terrible kids can't even have lunch and kids are getting killed trying to leave the campus. And there's no textbooks and all of this stuff. Nobody really cares because if they cared, you'll better believe they be doing something about it. See what we have is people riding and protesting and acting like barbarians because they don't like a rock group that came into play a concert because they're communistas. Then you get a bunch of wild people act in crazy out there by the arena. But when somebody tells them that their kids aren't getting a goddamn lunch break every day or any food in the cafeteria or that they don't have a textbook to bring up. What's that? What's that guy to do with the cast? Exactly. What's that guy to do with the communista? Toast the education system or a bunch of communistas anyway. But you're almost not a coin, I'm sorry. And cheese. That's on a menu. And that's on a menu for lunch today and all your schools all over town. Not a coin in cheese. All the good Catholics like it, they're used to it. They're waiting till Friday for it though. I do like macaroni and cheese. Can't eat it, but boy, I do like it. Especially like baked. So like it's a little dark on top and on time like crusty on top like you're underware. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Yeah, you can't even criticize O.J., he's a horrible famer. Okay, great. I tell you what, maybe you and Lawrence Phillips and O.J., can all up together. Okay, you asshole. He's a hola flamer. Drop dead and take O.J. with you. Okay. I constantly criticize him. Like I criticize any other murdering son of a bitch. He's a hola flamer. Call one of the sports nerd shows around. They're the ones that glamorize. They'll be scumbag like spree. They're talking about everybody's got a nickname. No matter how aberrant they're behavior is, no matter how many times they try to choke their coast to that, no matter what kind of barbaric stuff they do. They all got a nickname and it's all a big joke. Haha, yeah. I'm going to, that's our poll question today. Which is worse scumbag, jocks or people who admire scumbag jocks? One last morning, there were more than guys that question. Wow, well spree, he's here as something. Haha, that's spree. Yeah, he's a panic. He's a real laugh riot. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Dale. Yes sir. Regarding the O.J. thing, I live in the crossings in Kendall and I read his story. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the n- there goes the hood. So it's a big deal. A lot of four sales signs popping up there. But I read him down the wave of O.J., that O.J. apparently put the crossing soundhouse to dress as his permanent dress on the police report, which makes me wonder how he posthfully passed the most or with the association screening. I mean, when you, we live there for two and a half years, you've got to fill out a form, you've a lot of detail. Yeah. You can sign permission for a cutter report. I mean, what did the guy put? You know, murderer, and we'll play golf for food. I mean, it's her apartment, you understand. It's her, it's her, it's her, it's her pan. He just, he put himself down as a resident, though. He put it down as permanent a dress. Well, it's another lie, like all the other stuff. Okay, but yeah, definitely, there's a little bit of interest in my neighborhood. Now, some people, of course, like to know the ride, the other people saying, I'll get to have a ride a year. Some people like to know the ride. Oh, yeah. It's a little perverse to think of these. But, yeah, there's just a lebby in neighborhood. You know, but if my breaks should go and home one day, well, hey, you know, like yourself. There you go. Go to use. Okay. I hope you have good aim. 560, 560. 560. 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. The Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, this is Jim. I took your advice. I got a life. I left Miami after about 30 years. Uh-huh. My kids now have school books. We moved over to Marco Island. And I know we have a bunch of old parts, but they're not noisy. Hispanic parts. Uh, I do. There's nothing worse than a noisy Hispanic part. And I do believe in, and a lot of what you say is my, my children even questioned when you get off about the pope and the biggest cat in all that. And she says, well, why would God talk to this one guy? Why doesn't he talk to all of us? So, my kids are even into questioning the pope and all the boys in the back rooms and everything. And I just want you know, I watched the game last night. I was concerned for Mel and B. I don't miss Miami. I come in twice a week. And I really, I listen to your show. I pick up everything I need to know about Miami. And I'm glad I'm out of here. And as I said, a couple months ago in your show. Those guys who want to go back to New York got to get on a button. Go on back to New York. Demon. Okay. Thanks. Have a great life. Thank you. I've got to watch out for that Spanish or fly. That's right. That's our pool question, which is more exciting. Spanish fly or Spanish. I mean, I think it's a really high high. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, tremendous response today about brewery and Mel and B. Both getting injured and looking like Mel and B was dead there. The other begins, are they talking about that? Oh, back that turn and I come and work this morning. Listen to the worst thing. And B.F. Was going on about that stupid P.M. Yes thing. That was on. And it comes in here during the commercial break and in guilty. And B.F. was going on. I was pretty interesting. And I said, no, it was not interesting. The whole style crap is what it is. Old, style crap. I mean, I'm turning on the radio expecting me to hear about, you know, our superstar player gets injured with a groin pool, which if you saw a yogurt last year, what's the, you know, what you get a groin pool as any new jocks out there and no or people are follow this stuff. It can be chronic and recurring and really be a real pain in the ass. Pain in the groin. And then of course the Mel and B thing there at the end of the game. No, nobody's got all to say about that. We, we, you can't complain about the sports knowledge in this town. There is none. There is none. It doesn't exist. You could go out there with a goddamn, with a search party. And you won't find it. It doesn't exist. That's why this radio station is a miracle. It would be like having an all-ahead room station in the middle of the North Pole with a 20-year. Yeah. How can you do that? Seriously. It would be like opening up a goddamn Hall of Austin in Saudi Arabia. And doing great business. I don't understand for the life of me. I don't understand it. All you got is a bunch of people. I've got to have a, I've got any idea what they're talking about. Then, terrifying. Oh yeah. What about that? Peter work. Yeah. They're talking about that crap again. Like there's something even worth talking about on that level. And I'm sorry. I don't think I can't even spell his own name. Lavera Lavener, Anis. And these sports shocks, like I said, the sports nerds. They're oblivious to that. I'm the only one who notices anyone to that stuff. They're oblivious because oh, it's all part of the equals with the territory. It goes with a whole literate bull crack. Lavener, Anis. Greatness. ["洁 advice, youophone dances and善phones," they hear on the street and see please, if I didn't get down on my knees, and that nobody should ever know. That team showed me his whole hero. Also, he thought it was a wearer dress, comes in handy for easy access. They reach up on their their and give it a grab, and like in best, when they're not sex-sized, the parents got mad at him when he got caught, at least until the Vatican paid them all off. They just about to add his own, and do what he's trying to get for his advice or for his little family. It's 11.05. It's 11.05.60. I'm looking to the rest of the just event to interview her and play, well, I'm not going to read the rest of it on here. It'll be a waste of time. You write the whole thing, right? No. Oh, I like the lady read it. Tom, just not. What? What she do that way. No, no, but I'm not going to read the rest of it because it's going to take too much time out of the show. I read all the important stuff, and the rest of it is about his time and the seals and AV seals, and all this other stuff. Just much to do about nothing. You know what I'm saying? It's much to do about nothing. So why waste all that time? Plus I hate reading on a year. I can't stand it. It's terminal. It's pandrists. I much rather talk to all these brilliant articulate but the college out there. Yeah, yeah, here always are superstitious in the whole of fame. Ha ha ha. Here's the curl gable, shall I? I mean, yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, I was like, we really haven't heard it. But my point is on most van van, and yes, you got pretty well dug. And I just have to say that everyone that's reading Miami to Broward is pretty much the same as all the Cubans fleeing Castro. So I wonder if I've started protests. What do you think of that for the December? Okay, I guess the protest. Protest, do I want? Protest, those van van for my second minus the Constitution for the rest of you guys are violating. I want to start a protest against the protest. And anti-protest protest? Yeah, I'm poured off. Okay, great. I can't wait for this. Okay, well, all come down from Broward and help you on. All right. Okay, thanks. Okay, there's the anti-protest protest. And this is where we get that organized. We'll pass it along to you. Okay. We'll put it on the Spanish language station. We'll get them so confused. They wouldn't even know which side of the street to be on. That's right. Are we now re-in the anti-protest? Are we in a protest line? Are we the, are we? What are we? Much assholes, I think. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The other concern about the safety and the welfare of the people in the day county. What a joke that is. 4, are they lucky as hell that somebody didn't die in an ambulance that got blocked off of their months ago when they were doing a Coast Guard crap. They're on a, on a causeway, on a MacArthur causeway. They're lucky or in a hell. And nobody died. We need emergency help. And of course, then who would have been responsible? Well, we didn't know not. Okay, we don't make it do about it because, yeah. Because Ricky Ricardo runs big county, that's why. Isn't that right? Uh-huh. I have a heard and sing. He ain't singing too good anymore. Love him, Eric. Oh, he does a real good Boba Lewis what I hear. Here's Papino, hello. Yes, sir. Not spotting, I mean, I got so sick of even seeing that name of the newspaper. I didn't even realize until a couple of days ago, while they were so pissed off, like you, with ass, who cares? Right, exactly who cares? This is like, good. All the stuff that's going on down here. And this is the kind of stuff that the politicians and that these crazy old people, this is the kind of thing that gets them all motivated in the psychotic. Right. Well, important stuff, they can be bothered with that. Lost man, man. Right. They had a call from Park O'Iron if you went into the gun. I had never been to Mark O'Iron until about three weeks ago. I want to weekend stay with every stay. You've got old enough to be called. I mean, you have this distrust, each front resource set up with the Marriott and the Hottie. All these beautiful resorts, and there was nobody, nobody there. I mean, it was like such a ghost town. Oh, this huge public being. There was nobody there under the age of 100. I mean, how do you go and not enjoy it for you vacation? It was terrible. I can the only place there was any bloody with six or more people in there was like the Bill of Jack came on Monday night in a bar. Let me take it to this. I always laugh at people because some of the people on here are very perroke. And they don't know. I mean, you've granted you got a free thing. But so next to key, Captiva and Marco Island. If you talk to a lot of people there, it's not for the Tatea. Those are three of the places they love going for a week. Or we can get away for what? What were the points? There's nothing to point. If I want to go to a place where it's totally dead, there's a lot of old people. Just come to sunrise. You don't have to go all the way over there. I think this switch gears totally here. On the way home last, I have a short drive home from work. And I was just cruising the dial and I got the Panther game. And I had never listened to. I mean, just never listened to Panther's game. Just because of the broadcast, it was more. I turned down last night. And there was actually some life and some activity going on. And with the broadcast, I remember Jigsaw's a guy. I was a big islander span before I moved down here. And after last time I was really into him. I don't follow with enough to know who's good and who's bad. I know who's bad because it's a Chris Moore. I mean, you turn on the game and you hear the skate on the ice. Here's a murmur. Yeah, you know, he was actually going on. He wouldn't describe it. And you hear nothing. No voices for five minutes. Five seconds, rather. And you just hear quick, quick, quick. I'm not going to have to stick. And I mean, I'm like, it's just to have some action and something going on. Who was the worst excuse for a sportscaster in the history of radio? He was really, really bad. And there were actually people when it was the term in the he wasn't coming back. We're calling up and saying, oh, well, Mr. Mead. Oh, yeah, well, there were kissing his ass. And again, you got to understand because he was here. He got kicked out of New Jersey because even up there at the devil fan as few of them as there were. They couldn't put up with it. He was here because these people had nothing to compare with because they don't know, oh, he's really great. He's just entertaining. He's funny. He was pushed there. I don't know how we know whether or not Jigs is good or bad. I mean, he's no, wow. He's an improvement. He's a big improvement. Now, we'll, yesterday in closing here, the probably the tackiest thing I ever heard was one, once Hank went to his, like, 10 or 12 minute break. I flipped around. When the 1700. Yeah. That's what I heard that will change well and died. Right. So there's more testies to strad on the phone. And he's placing a call to will, answer machine. Out in California and gets will family. You're, you're, they're, are okay. This is a big different talking. They say, oh, God, you know, john, we've the son of a dead man. That means, hey, no, he's leaving a message to a dead man. Hi, this is 1700, the fan in Miami. We're leaving this message for the will, for the will, family. And that he starts talking to will. Will, we love you. We miss you. I just like square the crowd. They gotta be like that. It was for, they gotta talk to somebody on that station. Yeah. Mine as well be the dead. And he's talking to me like I'm gonna leave a mess in now. This is for Wilts family now We're sorry for your loss You know our hearts are with you and then I'm gonna go back to you will you're gonna be missed and thank you for all of the thank you for a Wonderful years We love you will any hang up the phone do we? And it wasn't even like Howard you know doing a group. He's guys at various Oh yeah, you're this town is like when were you looking for his desperate okay? I'm not a great thing I know see you Well of course I can relate to that cuz all these years I've been in town 22 years talking to a lot of dead people Got a few live ones out there couple of live wires one or two and well he sure could score maybe 20,000 women So what if he exaggerated a couple thousand here a couple thousand there what's what's the video and you wonder why he died at 63? Maybe he was kind of like drained of energy. You ever think that was possible just a little bit of drained at that point Leakin in the waste anytime. I'll tell you that I'm in the chapter 11 at 5. 60 QA Well turn burn down and no one knew what pinnacles that this was gonna do this only brimstone That's the net gun the hottest burn up a jerk must in the bargain And a panic to everyone up there white called up an extra member that had my life variety Own Joe's beer joint product all defense it's just like Joe's he preached against He said a nope really want to be a hip friend. I got a son this guy who plays about half That's we're all excited about revival week and then moved by the spirit so to speak Well all the souls we saved and money we spent we thought I'll tell this to sell that hint I got a famous evangelist supposed to come and run out of chairs for your little subs Tells that hell you should use the whole thing place They not all the different box amazing race. I ain't supposed to be open cuz of them blue laws But we'll open the night at the start right with y'all Creatures in well I reckon at the okay the good Lord works in mysterious ways is don't talk about Joshua judges and Ruth and I reckon I could do it from the DJ That's the first Baptist bar her and grill See only church in the Bible belt the smells like a whiskey steel when the sinners finish one more round We'll have dinner on the ground and no insides to help right. We don't get killed The evangelist in the world that's why they showed up around happy hour Look around the joy and it take a real well that the white ministry has gone to hell This meals that don't use Sunday school and two chickens in the background shooting pool We're sharing the Lord with a gym main rep who was taking his meal some one dance That one white was written from the book a look to a tall group trucker about the puke had John 16 remember I was trying to drive as out forgetting The evangelist yelled about the lights in the bears and white you can't save any souls in here That's way something but I didn't say them they could have played Baptist out of me in Creatures that well we don't really need y'all here. You didn't do a very good job last year Only save one simmer has taught me why there's a little SLB the set my church home Oh God bear joint has done been revived only been here an hour and then say five Chirits got mirrors and the big dance floor, but I finally found the block. I'll tell me Oh That's the first I've just Are and real It's the only church in the mouth about the smells like a whiskey still not a sting glass When they anywhere in sight just the blood stain floor and neon lights in the community to wine and here is always We're here every Sunday we're living large the only church with a cupboard And if you don't like our doctrine and think we ain't about we'll have our bouncer throw your butt out Oh the first Baptist bar and Grilled 15 to 5 60 W to Q I am Here's the North Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. No first time color all right Random brown bag bag at the school. I used to take a jar of sandwich and I'm not a salad yet Look with that to the okay. Thank you when you get that when you get the bag off of your phone I maybe just got the That wasn't the bag I had in mind, okay? Whoo, I think he's squeezing it in the bag too That's a lot of brown bag. I take a jelly sandwich to skull every day. Okay, I need a little bratty kid Thank you, sir. There's an instant solution for our problems 5 670 5 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wow back when he went to school by before Goodman burn made the Britain breath. Oh my god Here's Miami, hello Morning Neil. Yes, sir. There's many of your colors Professor comments by stating their hyphenated heritage. Let me say that I'm a Cuban Cuban I wanted to comment on the incident of the vanbon We had here But before that I wanted to say that I disagree with the yesterday You said that low-pricity couldn't sing a lick and he was one of the best Paul said well I love the Christie The yesterday thinking he could sing well compare him to us monkey Robinson the leasing or the majors the diamonds Or regularity Martin Better all the time Anyway, what I was going to say is that I agree that if you don't want to see a show by just not showing up you can vote with your feet So you don't have to go out there and make a spectacle of yourself But there are two sides to this coin and you got to realize that in a place like Cuba whether there is a big Tator ship you don't start and become popular in 1969 and 30 years later you're still on the top Unless you're part of the system you're part of the machinery I think the members of the administrative interior there and That's to have to know quite well that if you brought them here that this being the backyard of The Cuban exile that they would cross a rock and then I would give this place a black eye Well, I think it was a manipulated political situation How come they went to all these other places? They've been all over North America Oh no, I agree They've been to New York to venture California They've been around there weren't Toronto. They've been there. They may have a small Cuban community up there They didn't have any riots or any protests. Oh, I don't know. I agree But he knew that if he did that here that the station is and The people that here we get all rolled up about their presence and Obviously, those people can go on the air and say in other words In some other words the junior pan and games and the senior pan and games the reason that they have those games is so they give Castro a vehicle to same two Bonaclates here in the pistol see I and I mean what you're saying on the face of it is ridiculous because there are artists And there are sporting events and there are all sorts of other things that happen all over the country Without any of this hysteria Well, it was just like the people I ran a slut all the way from here up to Baltimore to protest when the Cuban national team was playing the baseball game up there Well, don't you think that he could have a forecast at 50 steps of this initial occurring here? I'm of course So that he's the largest predictable is the weather he's loving every minute of it You see if they were smart which they're not if they were smart they would turn the other cheek They would ignore it. They wouldn't get two minutes publicity They wouldn't become a back in December and nobody would carry he wouldn't have another great PR of it But they just keep making him look better and better and better and given him more public relations and keep even a black eye To this community because there was predictable as the weather in and hell And it also puts more money to go to Castro's pocket right? They can you okay? Yeah, I mean, you know, give it a rest already just for once forget about it Put it aside go you know go to the confides do something more constructive go play pinacle go play in domino park But of course most of it lies with the Spanish language radio stations that cung that they only exist Because they constantly are whipping these people up into a frenzy Pandering to their worth hatred in his story over and over again. They're the ones that keep bringing these people out just like they did back when a Coast Guard episode happens Getting on here and encouraging people to go out there and do all this crap 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here sunrise hello Yes, sir, okay, just a Jim and a drug test by like companies line yes, and I was the gentleman went to stay to meet that this is a government policy mandated by the federal government Given to give us drug cast yeah, we don't work for the federal government do Who's we my company how do I know how do I know what company you are now? The which I'm going to tell you know you have to tell me the name of the company Okay, well, yeah, I mean I go in there and I said turn off these two well, I'll stay for work Right, I don't know if I don't take the task I will be Terminated if they find anything in my ear and I'll be terminated Well, I mean so I have the special compartment my diagram beat my case. Do you my dog? Right, oh, right that makes me You know, well, you will send you that OJ's doing it, okay? Take care of him 560 I mean the whole thing with drug testing the whole thing with drugs I mean what's the point even talking about it? What is the point? This is the American F and Wade baby. It's a criminal problem. That's right. We got to catch the criminals We got to catch the dangerous people the people are smoking a wacky weed and by the way Clarence get your head on Hank's ass already. Will you please God? 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line I was so embarrassed for him yesterday. We just the demoralizing be grading All I think this happens fingers. He's on a full. Oh, yes hammer. Oh, yes hammer just forget ignore him for a while Okay, just to be a man step up and you know on your own two feet Thanks in the middle of his lives, but oh thanks for talking to me. Have a fine Shut up shut up on a spot. Thanks, haver Just boot up a little bit 560 50560 pound 560 on a man to a clock. I'm sorry Every time I see currents I think yeah, I do what does he do that Maybe he's been watching that kosher coach of the national predators that very trots it looks like Dracula Yeah, he looks just like him. Of course nobody here knows who that is. Do they know? Oh? This hotbed of hockey history are here I mean, I love it. I'm glad we got the team and all that other good stuff I don't understand why we have a hockey team here Why do we have a hockey team? There are no hockey fans just for you. Thank you. Thank you Wayne God bless you Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I was going to talk about my new ain't get in sir I love it, man But not a life yeah, yeah, it's great. Oh, yeah Then I heard that last bit you did and I I dare you to find me one person that think you was funny You with a stupid last track man. Oh, yeah, this is the guy with the song it's the song It's a dance about the last track every time I play a Bob and Tom, but I guess what everybody here was laughing at it So we'll back in play with your eight one point eight incher Another one of those the chronic Julios with the same song to dance about the laugh track and it wasn't funny Then what do you listen for asshole you got your 18 inch your go while yank it 567 560 pound 560 you're so predictable. That's so boring. It's so plundered and always the same material always the same terminal material material I got news for a Bob and time I got more talent in their little fingers then you got in your whole goddamn puke and dozing body, okay? Puts Who but he didn't miss the banana board, you know, here's a lady in Miami lake, so Hello, yes, man. Hi, Neil. You know that a puke gives us calling you all the time Perfect. Oh, that this is a little set up deal. Remember to call the other day to try to get that name on a year which you didn't get on this time We got a little family of assholes calling now Try to get somebody's name on here that we don't even know who it is nor do we care less that beautiful that was great 567 560 pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line here's some rise, hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's that? Not much. Hey, let me taste About your crazy people today people for the county and all the situation man. It's gonna hit noise appear to bro I'm telling Yeah, thank you. Thank you Well, okay, said You're not to drag an end 567 560 pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line Here's a mobile and hollywood hello Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just wanted to talk about religion for a second I just still happened to be flip it through the channel for late last night There's a program It's called Satan on one of the HBOs And they were talking about they were shown some footage of a little town in Oklahoma Like with a What they said called the church capital the world they had like small town with a bunch like 700 churches there yeah And they were showing they it cracked me up. It was they were showing these families they separated these families They said all of a sudden it would go to the ground out now but when they were children they said their parents used to put Satanism into And they separated from them from their parents and all of a sudden in front of the camera these guys started talking like in tongues and Satanism and And go and ballistic and and here's the here's our parents are Yeah, I know it's a religion that it means like through religion all their life So the truth Catholics was so call it Two crazy people yeah, but I mean these guys I mean you could just talk Well, it was wrong a little time Yeah, but I would say But they sit in front of the camera Chamberlain used to say what's wrong with little time Like this one thing is they said that they would possess my Satanism, but it looked like to mean like they had a problem physically like with You know something like like terrible Paul your something yeah They just looked like they had a handicap and next thing another sleeping and They started talking like the demon and This guy's for four to four to six dollars It's the best thing you've got to see it Yeah, this pastor here for like four to six dollars was sitting here Talking to him and these guys are just flipping out all over the whole family though It was crazy thing I've ever seen I was wrong I thought it sounds like religion to me. You know if the word crazy is in there's probably got something to do with religion I'm telling them okay watch out for those four tongues All right, yeah, okay. See you in hell. Yeah, the devil baby the devil Just don't think about the devil like devil him Because I know you buy devil to him and tell a little picture of the devil on there with the pitch fork in the tail and the a hornie years Look at that one call left at a board here on a business this morning five six seven Oh five sixty they've gone from the ridiculous to the sublime five six seven Oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line hey hang this up baby I saw Christianity and he was very tell This religious thing was not for me They held a big convention Let me in full of free I don't like the what I was about to see They were speaking in terms Match indeed See it What I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. I'm not a couple of those who are busy with the music. Ever for any fluid parts that you watched out for those gentrys coming, starting in and out of very very dangerous places. You know, this whole hell thing when you started when you come and I thought would see the devil didn't invent hell. God invented hell. Every time something bad happened or somebody does something an Brandon, oh, the devil made me do it. I'm possessed. Get the eggs as is. Get fought in there and out of the closet. closet. But the devil's not the one who invented hell, where your soul burns in torture and gets tortured eternally. That was that benevolent loving God that invented hell. So that if by some bad stroke of luck you don't believe in these fairy tales you're going to burn hell forever. The only choices are heaven, hell, purgatory, and then would chubby check you to limbo rock. Those are the only choices, or just in that box in the ground. What kind of sick and twisted minds, what kind of intelligent person could possibly believe these things? Oh, the Lord's eye God is a loving God, but he's not any's perfect, but he's also jealous, so you won't have any other gods be for keged jealous, and his wrath wax is hot, so his angry, he's got all of these human foibles. Isn't that a coincidence because man invented them. Man invented God in their own image. Oh, now we're getting it. Yeah, it's the other way around. Yeah. Man invented God. We just like them imperfect. heaven and hell. Isn't that a great prospect? Oh, yeah, your soul is going to burn. Of course, it doesn't like I told you before it does make any difference because you have no senses. You have no brain. You have no body. I ain't got no body. So you have no senses. You won't feel it anyway. No, you feel it. It burns. Is that what it does? Does it burn? That's what Linda said. It burns. She also said. He needs to go into the muskoumis. Yeah, she said that too. Everybody be nailed to a chair and walks the exercises. Okay. The cat looks sure it's all like it too much, but you'll love it. Especially that green piece soup. Campbell soup people like it. Here's a mobile and pepper pine, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought you were right on the money with that. Just you can sure article. Glad you read that on the air. Yeah. I just moved down from New York. I grew up in South Florida. And I mean, don't take this a wrong way, but I don't understand if the way you feel about South Florida is, you know, that's a terrible play. It is. It's a trend. And so, you know, but I mean, you've made a pretty good living, you know, you've done pretty well for yourself, living down here and being on the radio and making plenty of money. Yeah. That, uh, what do you say? Because what do you just said it? I mean, I know, but you despise it so much. Yeah. And while you got two years, 11 months and a few days to go, not that I'm counting. Well, I mean, then you be your audience. It's mostly, you know, was made up of, you know, by and large morons. And what makes you you the colors you're talking about. You're the colors. That's like one percent of the audience. Yeah. You think the colors are, in fact, if you're listening, then why you don't want to get more. What is it? Half of you can't speak English. Yeah. Oh, I mean, you know, or you could grammatically correct. Yeah. And what about you? Why do you listen to the show then? I find you interesting. Uh-huh. So what's the problem? What is the problem? I just don't think you should, you know, really. I'm not. You know, you're going to tell me what to say. You see, one of the reasons people do listen to this show is because I call them the way I see them. I would love to this town to be a wonderful place and a great place to live and a fun place. What's upon a time or wasn't so bad? Well, you know, something. And it's gotten worse and worse and more dangerous and crime ridden and more illegal alien and president. This is not a pleasant place to live. I know, but it's like, you, you know, you've had a successful career down here. So what does that have to do with it? It has a lot to do with it. It hasn't got a lot to do with it. It could be. What? If you don't like it, Lee. I will. And do you really live a month and say, my name or stand-loss, they just? Yeah. I mean, you talk so highly of those places. Yeah. You know, it's trying to end one and someday when I can afford it, I will live in one of those places. That's right. Yeah. I just found a kind of hypocritical. It's not hypocritical at all. It's an exact way for a reflection of the way I feel about it. But it's since you wanted to tell me what to say, I love it here. It's paradise. You feel better? Feel better? No. No. That's good. Okay. Yeah. What can you say about him? He's an asshole. Yeah. I'd say hypocritical to tell the truth of the way you feel. This is not a pleasant place to live for living and breathing. People to place for dead people. It's a place for people over the age of 100 and illegal aliens. That's all it's all about. Nobody hears a bit about the kid about education, about anything that means anything. All they care about is billionaires, spoiled billionaires, a lot of key buildings stadiums in the region and illegal aliens. That's all I care about here. It's a vananibode place. Everybody knows that. Well, I don't have so many guys like that. You make it so much money. Great. That's fine. That's the only reason I'm here. If that weren't the case, I'd be gone in a heartbeat, pal. After investing 23 years in this place, pouring my guts out. And he's not going to be other callers. What did he have to contribute besides I'm basically a male contests and a hypocrite? What did he have to offer us? Nothing. Zero. Zipity. Do that. And you're all a bunch of morons, do by the way. Everybody who listens, they're all morons except him. Thank God we got him. He's the smart guy. Not like Frano. Not dumb. He's smart. Probably saying a few Hail Mary's right now and rubbing his thing. You're up and all the boy. I'm a cat. No. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Boyd's side. Oh you. John, Rainbow's still alive. I want to make movies for him side. My right thing going great, plan to Hollywood's broke. I unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. My came in 82. That's why I wrote my penis in and never have a bruise. Rainbow 2 was an 85 late. Rainbow 3 was an 88. She was an activist. It's what it is. My gun. I did not make movies with my son. He's an emissary. He was in Rocky's five and daylight. The total movie. A little bit of cashies what I mean. I got to get a note on the pile of creed. I got a head and a look at movie for Broadway show like Xenagin. I get no money at this top of him. It was still doing it. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to pay the aim. Oh I got left this gentleman's life in. Let you deserve it. I need to make Rainbow 4 and 5. I got out. So calm me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. I like comedy. Action. Adventure. And drama. The deal I think I will not do is have sex with a llama. So give me a break for goodness sake. I use the piano for now. I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man talent for kepti basically on the run point. I got a little bit of cashies what I mean. I got to get a note on the pile of creed. I got a one-on-one movie or Broadway show like Xenagin. I get nobody ever saw a top-layer. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to pay the aim. All I got left is the split of women. That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rainbow 4. All right. It's 144.5. 60 WQ. I'm going to thank Goldberg Show. It's a big, big booster. I do mean big six o'clock tonight. Panthers at Toronto and Maple Leaf 7 o'clock tonight. A lot of calls about that pop-el-brace gun. Melon B last night. No. Nothing about that. This last guy, if I had a dollar for every color I've had like this over the 23 years, I wouldn't be here right now. I could retire and go someplace great. I'm listening because I find you very interesting. Can't you say this and can't you say that instead of what you say? No. No. I'm not going to say there's nothing worse than somebody trying to tell somebody else what to say. I like your show, but I would like you better if you would just say things that I would rather hear. Well, guess what? The answer is still. No. No. What a jerk. In other words, because I've been successful here because I've bring something out of the table and have been able to move from one station or another and get this big audience and bring a lot of revenue and make a lot of money for these people. I'll give you another example. That would, I'll give you even a much more specific example in the generality of an area. And that's this radio station. They're paying me a lot of money. So why not, you know, why doesn't somebody call it, oh, what you're always complaining and they're incompetent and they're stupid and they're making you look foolish with this OJ, but that's correct. Just because they're paying me a lot of money, doesn't mean I'm going to tell you great things about this company because they'd be, I would be lying. They're embarrassing. They're humiliating. They're whole mentality. They're only doing business. It's something I've never even dreamed of much less seen in a hundred years in a business. So this because they're paying me a lot of money. It doesn't mean I'm going to sit here and then pluck their ass and tell you how great the arts are. Not my style. And that's one of the reasons that this guy finds me interesting because I don't just sit here and kiss ass like most people let you come across. Okay? No matter who's asked it is. Well, but all depends. How's Miguel doing today? Oh, yeah, can't you just say, I mean, you know, I like you, but but I like it so much better. Well, too bad because the answer is still. How do you like that? No matter how many times you ask the same question, the answer will still be no. Sure, I would like it if this time was more like it was when I first came here. Wasn't that bad back then? It was almost livable. There were some signs of life, some living and breathing people. And if you're, if I'm inaccurate by telling you that this is basically a bunch of old parts who want to stifle everybody else and a bunch of banana-bo people, then you tell me where I'm wrong. I'd like to know what's wrong about that. Is that an inaccurate assessment? Am I making up these things about what happened for the eight-minute time at the arena the other night and about O.J. and all the other same trash coming back here over and over again. Am I in about the politicians trying to force more taxes over and a public for their own pet project so they can get their palm grease? Am I making those things up? No, I don't think so. So if you're looking for some guy that's just going to sugarcoil life and just go along with a program you're out, you're on the wrong spot on the dial pal. I'm not going to do it. Here's Pembroke Pine, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay, sir. I thought something was going to be interesting. And I had to give you a call. I was watching Hardball with Chris Ratties, Mark Hardball and he was interviewing that little nerd Gary Bauer. They were talking to me, I'm sorry. I just made a gutter will drink really fast. Yes, that's what I did too. When I saw him about the adventure interview of course this like the chance for all the other guys to get on a bash him now but then he was out and he was asking Bauer about his comment about religion being for week-mind of people and he said this is a part that was sick and he said, I don't think they're all week-minds. He said as a matter of fact, he said, I think back to that girl, a column by Cassie Bernal, he said, she chose to die rather than renounce her faith. He said, if I had to be stuck in a fox hole, I'd rather be with Cassie Bernal than trust these a big adventure on those are his exact words. What an asshole. And guess what, she's in a box in the ground now? She chose to die, Neil. Yeah, he's right. She did all die, she raised her hand. Yeah, well, she believed in God but God as usual was absent when needed. Yeah, he wasn't there. It never seemed to be in the right place at the right time. He's he's always busy like I said, bidding on ball games. That's why all the athletes keep praying to him. Neil, can I go to your camera, sir? Maybe. Man is saying. Okay. Have a great day. See you. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, you give me a guy like Jess even to her, especially a man who's in a public form whose governor of a state that actually we can find on the map. Some of us who's got the balls to say these things in public and refuses to backtrack and then you see what a real man is all about. As opposed to people like 99% 99 and 9% 10% of the media who just panned to say all the politically correct things because God forbid they might offend somebody. I'm going to tell you when you've got a public form and you're speaking on a regular basis and you're not offending anybody then you're not doing a good job. You're doing a real bad job if you're not offending somebody. You're not saying anything. Here's Haly, a hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Neil, I listen to you all the time. I'm doing a VRAG, I'm a trucker. But you know, I wish we had 25 other station right here of people like you. That's right, even. Do the people you know what Neil, we're going to shoot a code at world. People like to be bull-craft. Right. So that's what they like. And you've said, here, ways that you're gut in your time. You're not getting through these people because people don't have a fool. Oh, this time on the street. You look at Neil. It's kind of never going to change. Have you developed a run and look at our school system CD kids? Which my grandkids? Well, all my kids are grown. We'll see what my grandkids will be going in. Kids and these people have to just build their space, uh, stadium, millions of dollars. I mean, this is unbelievable. And these people sitting here and crying and they will go, we need a stadium. What's what's more important? I mean, yes, ridiculous. I just want to say, I don't have a lot of material, but I listen to your own time. I'm a trucker. And I just enjoy your show. I just wish you would more people like you that maybe so many people would get the message. But obviously they are not getting. Well, I'm not going to help you. God bless you with me. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, I drove out of here yesterday. I know where your home and it was a pick-up truck with some shfarts. Is in there waving in high five and give me the thumbs up. I thought it was a thumbs. Yeah, they were. See our dark-complicated friends. They love this show because the fact that there's actually somebody that speaks out, speaks his mind on it, that's, they're not used to that. They used to be repressed, you know. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, I'm going to come into Mara and I'm going to change my whole act for that one guy. Oh, God, this is paradise man. I'm making a lot of money. Therefore, must be great here. And since when is money, how much money you're making a barometer of the community that you're living? And where the hell did that come from? I don't understand that. I guarantee other people listening to me right now who are making a lot of money, who work for assholes? The only difference being that I'm probably one of the very few that can actually have the luxury going on here in Zix. I do work for assholes and saying it in public. If they don't like it, write me a check. That's all. I'll say goodbye. No problem at all. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Mara Mara. Hello. No. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. God created hell who created the devil. God. He did too. How are all? Well, if we're all pretty come from everything that's on the universe God created. You shouldn't let that third push your body. There's people like that out there working with you about that. Yeah, that third lecture. That's the first traded individual. Well, he's from the York don't forget. The clouded third push or more like it then, I guess. Anyway, anything on the Melambi? I got a concussion. Is that it? Yeah. No swelling or nothing like that? Well, I don't know if it's swelling out of earth's head either. I don't know. He just had a concussion. He walked out of the hospital. Oh, he did. Yeah, but as far as how long he'll be out or burry out the earth, we have no information. You know, you know how that goes. And very pulled this growing, right? He's pulling it. Yeah. He's pulling it out. I got ice on it right now. Okay. They're cooling it out. Lucky him. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See these people don't care about that. I mean, who is one of the most of the grotesque things that could have happened to us? And they're like, they don't care. There is absolutely no zero. I don't care how many of you show up in that place. Okay. I'm there almost at the time. But there is no knowledge. There is no interest. There is no passion forward. It's like, oh, if it's here, it's here. If it's not, but no cares, you know, it's nice to go and take into much of our money anyway. Something to belly itch about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Go for get our pizza loft deterred. By the way, I should mention this a lot more is postponed from my next food into the following week, because we want to make sure that we get all the new CDs in and the new one improved and good quality ones and the buttons and all the other good stuff. So, two of the October 26 from a 6 to 8 PM at the Pizza Lock and Davy spread the word. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No God. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. A nail according to a couple of reasons is that mom will number 5 when we are on the city? No. No. Also, I have great news for my amnies. Last week, I was reading an newspaper, I said believe me, for my amnies week. They say that Miami is the number one, the capital of the world for X to C users. All right. What do you think about that, mom? I heard they're raven about it. They even have people from New York and Cali over there saying that every time they were old, they wish they were here in Miami. Something we proud of for the first time. We're number one, baby. Don't ever forget it. And Neil, also on Sunday, will you be attending the wing thing? I think it's just something. The one? There's just a Y100, an FM station. They have a wing thing every year and 98 degrees will be performing on Sunday night. And you wisely chose the rule. Well, that's the thing. I was invited to be there. I said, no, I don't think so. I said, I'm not sure I can roll around in the fields with Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees. And they said no. And I know about in that case, forget it. And you know, also I hope you put me a big kiss for us, too. By the way, tell me, is an asshole. Yes? I hope I'll be seeing you on Saturday night. Again, uh, and I'm in the the Panthers. Yeah. So I'll be saying hi to you. All right. All right. Thank you, Nick. That's right. See we're just in Perex to see being here in South Florida. What's that other guy? Billy, it could have been. We always liked it. And all that raven concert, full crap. All of this is just a drug fest. So I mean, you know, don't lie about it. See, you want to go there in the dance and do a lot of drugs and do a lot more drugs and dance and do more drugs. And then that leads to be honest. Stop lying about it. 567. 0560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Western. Hello. Yeah, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. I enjoy your show. And I'm a first on call. Oh, great. And I also enjoyed the Julia to watch with you. Okay. The follow was next to you. Yes. I have to comment if I can. Two three points that he mentioned yesterday is about black and white among his fanics. Yeah. And he mentioned Puerto Ricans are have black. He may be right. But he can. This is Puerto Ricans bias. He hates Puerto Ricans. Why? I know that over. He just obsessed with his concern. I'm not even sure what he hates worse. Jews are Puerto Ricans. Yeah. But I know I understand it because I feel the vibe. Okay. Yeah. I'm a Cuban Puerto Ricans. Yeah. I'm in between. Oh, my God. But he has to remember that he's that black too. Right. And if he doesn't even realize he's in denial. Well, he's been in denial. Okay. And I listen to his show. When he always mentions the mentions on his show, that, you know, he always brings into Cuban ancestry. His Cuban ancestry is Spain and all that. That's okay. But I'm sick and title listener to that because every all your power abuse, especially Puerto Ricans has Spanish ancestry too. So tell them. Tell them. Tell them. I've been of a dreadnabian history that I would be a bragging about it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I understand. Well, I understand. I understand. But I was in Cuba by 19 years ago. Romans took them in about 20 minutes. You know, who'd held these? Well, I wasn't Cuba by 19 years ago. I had to go because of my job. Let me tell you that black and a lot of them. I would say not half. I would say 60%. Right. But this guy, if he's in denial, I mean, he's, but, you know, crap. I'll get off the exactly. The other bottle that's working on right now. Yeah. Cubans on that forget about all this. It's delivered in past tense. Well, yeah. There's nothing worse than a professional ethnic. You know, I'm a fancier. Yeah. I got you. Okay. But, tell them, he's all right. Yeah. He's all right, George. But stop being a professional too. And okay, I'll see what's that you just got out of here. I got to go. I don't want to do like Hank did yesterday and go to cut up with the two breaks back to back. That's going on. He was, uh, I guess it was that at Pope Column just softened up Hank's brain. It'll be okay today. Mommy, Mommy. My dogs, panties are all red. New from the little lady doll factory. It's my first period Brenda. The doll that teaches your little girl what it's like to be a woman. Mommy, Mommy, why will Brenda stop crying? Most of the time, Brenda's a normal doll. But once a month, she gets a visitor that turns her into a cranky doll. And that's when the fun begins. Mommy, Mommy, why is Brenda also that's in the fetal position? Hold the string. And listen to Brenda tell you just what it feels like. Don't talk to me like that. Don't talk to me. Here, let's pick you as a bride and see how much you like it. You've grown and deeply in seeing this thinger, breathing, seeing a combat, seeing a see what's in she looks dreaming. My first period Brenda said doll, no little girl should be without him until separately. Too much to have to know in five, 60 QMR poll question today is why did God create hell? Isn't that a great question for all the believers out there? Why have God is a loving God? Why would any, any omnipotent being? Uh, why would he do such a thing? Create a horrendous place like hell. Any answers? No, not yet. I'm waiting. Well, you have to have some place to send the sinners, you know? Oh, that's right. Forgot about that. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T. See, it wouldn't be good enough just to be private the sinners from the wonderman of going to heaven and having eternal life so you can go up there and praise God for returning. Oh God, you're good. Oh God, all you're good. God, you're forever. That wouldn't be bad. You know, bad enough punishment just that you go in the ground and that's it. No, we have to go even beyond that because this sick twisted SNM God that mankind invented. He wants to make sure you really get it in the old. That's right. So that's why he invented hell. Here's deer fields. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. You know the best thing about this town. What is that? I mean, yeah, right. I go to Windsor for five days. I come home and I have to read a newspaper nothing changes. Right. Oh, that's for sure. Nothing actually changed. See, I make the same mistake five times a year. I get five weeks vacation every year. I go on vacation. I'm out of here for 10 days. I come back and for some strange reason. I'm in such a good mood. I expect that something you're going to change and it's unrealistic. It's never going to change exactly. That just lost fan van thing that he were talking about. Same old cramps. Yeah. It's like enough. I don't know. I don't understand. I've never heard a million times. I know. It's really bad. But I did meet somebody up there that you may know while he had a seat. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, friend of my in-law. What about great harness racing drivers from Puppet O'Park? How's it going? A while he came from Nova Scotia. He's the one Windsor. I didn't know that my in-laws were one of the people who were horsemen up at Rhine Burnett. Right. And I met him through him. I can come up with my in-laws. Yeah, he was nice. Big hockey fan too. Oh yeah. I'll tell you I got to see the Windsor Spitfires up there. Right. You want to talk about hockey games? Cool. That's real hockey. Yeah. Those kids play. I mean, they're out there for a job. It was great. But it just, you know, you come back here and it's the same old thing. Yeah. Same tired tired stuff. You got it. I don't tell you. I got near New York. Thanks for the good news. All right. I feel better already. Thank you. Thank you. 5605050505050. How's it going? Wally. How's it going? How's it going? See, while it's the hockey games every now and then? Come on. Spices. Hey, how's it going? Neil, how many runs away? Because he was mommy asked too many questions about that horse that I bet on at the track. Hey, while they come on, what's going on? Didn't begin. Well, they come on one more time. No. Not this time. 56050505050. I don't think I ever cashed a ticket. I won't hinted to see my life. But he's a good guy. Never stole a freight train, eh? Here's a lady in Weston. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I knew how hard you. Great. I am a baseball player. A Marlin fan and a huge Jo Angel fan. Right. And are you familiar with the article that was out in the paper about a month ago regarding David Brian. Yeah, the very jackass color right. Uh-huh. Well, according to the realtor's in the area of Weston, Jo Angel's house is for sale. Sure. When on the market two days after he sees an ended. Right. So there must be some truth to the article. Well, he's not coming back. So Angel's not coming back? No. Is that for sure? Positive. He's not coming back this year. Is coming here? Right. Or if you don't have another year left in the country. Right, but he won't be coming back. I'm sure they're going to pay him off. Well, I really suck. I agree. I think he did a fine job in that. You know, I don't like some of the aspects of what he does. He does a little too much of that John Miller stuff. But I think he did a really excellent job, especially under impossible circumstances. He's last two years trying to, you know, make excitement out of that. And the way that when it all goes back by the way, and I have this on absolute authority, it all goes back to John Henry. He was the one who made the decision. He's the one who leaked the information to Barry Jack asked before the season ended and totally unacceptable. What an ugly way to do it. Right. I mean, I'm not on a lot of nice way to repay a guy who did a good job for you. Absolutely. I have a lot of respect for Jo Angel and none for Henry. And why couldn't they have divined it up? Why couldn't they have let the each guy, they both do a real good job? Why couldn't they let David Bryan do half of the game on radio and half on TV? And the same with Jo Angel, why couldn't they do that instead of pissing off Jo Angel and the shipping amount? Absolutely. I think it sucks. Well, I think he'll be better off for it. Yeah, maybe you'll go somewhere where a team that doesn't lose 100 games. Let's help them. Okay. All right. Thanks. We're close to it. Oh, they didn't lose 100 games. You don't know. Not only 98, I think. Yeah. Typical lacking of class. Baby, that's old John Henry. Stand up there in a stand. Looking for fame. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. One and a round like a bigger, like one of those slippers on the streets of Voyoung Street in Toronto. I have to spare some change, Mr. No, I don't think so. Well, how did I stay anyway? That's John Henry. The only differences that unlike those slippers, you don't have two Tumi, Illunies and Tumi's to rub together. There's guys. I'm all five billion here. But he wants our money. Some way. And just like that thing in a paper today. I love the way they always said that in their words. I went my ass with the editor. What? Come on. You got to hear somewhere, Mr. Oh, here it is. About the downtown for a lot of the other day. I'll say it. And they continue with this. Let's go, boy. Keep telling us where they want us to build it for him. And you know how much money we're going to have to put in there. And the last paragraph in this story in a hero this morning. Team wants aid. Oh, yeah. The final decision as the team has said all along will depend on which site comes with the required public contribution. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Today no tax sources have been confirmed. Although the team has been focusing their research on taxes that hit tourists not residents. Among them taxes on hotel bills and car rentals. No. No. No, not going to happen. It took that full 62% that even if the tax on the tourist, no, we don't want to go in for that. No, no. Not when we got kids going to port a party for schools in Broward County. We don't have any kind of tax money. Any tax revenue at all. That's going to be your pocket. Okay. You must be. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And idiot. Can you. It's true. I can have an orgasm just driving down on 95. But only if you're driving the driving me. Four kids hanging up together. Eleus holds in their wrapped TV. Don't get better. The chef just like it late. She's going to see if there's a hole up the gut. If when they're round. There's things. What's in Thailand is talking dirt. And at least once a week we hear you. I can't wait. You're back. Oh, it's so weird. But the one that follows. And can't make the liberty. He gets hit in the head. And then he's dead. Do you grab nor in humans and they eat it. Hey, Joe. Hey. You're back. Okay. Do you want to know what I think? What? It's going to be a good day. It's going to be a good day. It's going to be a good day. About 14 at 5.60 WM. So how come we haven't heard about why God invented Hell. Yeah. It's already 12.15. I have to question like almost a quarter of an hour ago. I thought we had a had 6,000 calls by now. Telling us that the good news. Well, then it's a lot of fire under our asses. Figuratively speaking under our back domes. Yeah. So they know to make sure that we're all these people. We're all the people are so much better than we are. I know you're out there. Listen. I'll do you class it religion is out there. Why don't you give us the information. Maybe I'm wrong about this one. Maybe the dog done it. 5.670560, count five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The search for hell. Of course, when you live in top Florida, you don't have to look too far. Oh, she there he goes again. Yeah. I'm doing a gesture that one guy. Am I doing the whole rest of the show for him? He really stimulated me a lot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any help? Yes, sir. Just call to tell you that I think you're the Dan Rainer or Radio. And it's going to be a sad day when you're done on a little miss. Yes, sir. And also interesting thing. Ben Athenau is on hold and some old Cuban guy on a bicycle pulls up. Athenau got to get to US one and I first got to the West Coast Spanish. I said no, but to us one. Do us one, yeah. Do us one, yeah. And then he goes, and goes to the town on to us one. I said, I'm on hold. See you. Excellent. Good job, pal. I'm shooting this. I'm shooting this. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. We've got a couple of open lines there. We're waiting. I'm sure that somebody on one of those open lines is going to call and give us the real story of the truth and save us from ourselves. Because we sure don't want to be in that lake of fire. I'd rather be in Canada. They will like any day of the week. I'd rather be in Lake Ontario. Taking my chances. Done on that goddamn burning lake of fire. I'd rather be in a ring of fire with Johnny Cash. At least he's got the good powder. That's what OJ said. Is that line four screwed up again or what? WDQAM? Yeah, dear Phil. Yes, sir. Let's go to dear Phil, hello. Yeah, I want to know if God can make a rock so heavy that even he can't pick it up. Good question. We'll take a poll on that. Thank you. You know, it's line four is screwed up. I didn't ring. I think you just caught it when it was, uh, I had my thumb on it just at the right time. Always good idea. All your kids out there. Make sure you got your thumb on it just at the right time. Okay. Thanks and get really messy. Are you sure it's working? It's working. Oh, thank God. It's the last thing we need. Now, how about your internal office phone that we're working? Yeah, so so. I can use it. Sometimes. Is it work? One of our fields like it. Yeah. Now, don't start getting push you. Okay, professional. Even. I wish I was half black. You are. Fort Lauderdale. How long? I could say, nigger. The way I kind of the girl's out with her kept her panties. Uh-huh. All right. Let myself. Yeah. I'm going to go red wing. Okay. Well, I hope you enjoy your three-per. Oh, go red wings. That's that idea. Yeah. Go red wings. That's game here. The other night, by the way. Lucky to escape with a tie. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T. Warnless line. Here's Royal Palm Beach, hello. Royal Palm Beach. How many colors would we have from Royal Palm Beach? I don't have to say it more than once. Unless maybe they're retarded. Oh, gone. 2 8 2 8. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound five 60. I love when that happens. Oh, how many. How many times do I have to say it before you find us? Oh, yeah. It must be me. Maybe I better say hello. Something. Jesus. Kate. Christ. That other guy was right about the colors. Here's Kendall. Hello. I know. I know. Okay, sir. I've called you a few times in the past. No, and a lot of times it's hard to get through. So I don't bother. But today you really, you know, for you to sit there, hour after hour and day after day and stand up for the community and stand up for the people here and stand up for the, you know, the town here. Yeah. Stand up against these billionaire asshole. Right. You know, I'm sitting here. I'm starting to shake. You know, I'm getting really frustrated. Me too. The Scott Dan Monty about the lottery. They banned bulldozers years ago. The lottery money. That's what I'm saying. I got him kid here. One year old, and I'm scared to death at the Senate and any school. Whether being public or private comes in here, scared in my booth. I don't blame it. I just like to take a few minutes. You know, to thank you for standing up for the community. And, uh, at least we have somebody with a voice, you know, representing us. Thanks a lot. And I know your God. I'll pray for us. Thank you. There you go. There's a guy who's appreciative. Okay. Because like I said, the evident day would all have Danny Marino stuff. Even though it's just a sports thing. Here's a guy that's done real good for the town for almost 20 years. And a minute that he farts the wrong flavor. They're ready to hop on his ass and just beat him to a pulp. And the same thing with me and anybody else that comes in. I mean, I don't have to raise money for charity. I don't have to pat myself on the back. I don't have to take on John Henry and Wayne Hypinga and Mayor penis. I do it because I believe the things that I'm telling you. I have to tell you that the management of this radio station a bunch of long kids about a cheap prick. I don't have to tell you, but it happens to me true. Inept unconscionable. So I'll reach out and pat myself on a goddamn back and go see my carapractor tomorrow. How do you like that? Thank you sir. God bless you for at least caring enough to send you very best. But it's a lot easier to rip in tears. See they like doing that. Yeah. Well, you know, I find you very interesting, but you say this and I'd rather have you say that. Well, no, I'm not going to do it. But you understand, I'm not going to say what some asshole out there wants me to say. If that's the case, then that guy can come in and do the show tomorrow. And I'll just take the money. Thank you. Well, we're all Palm Beach is back. Hello. Yes, sir. Sorry about that. You know, I know. Sorry, I can say I am. You're only caller because when I do call, I do say we're all Palm because we usually loose it. Anyway, you know, my wife died in Mary 11 years and we have a daughter, young daughter. Yes, and recently she came to me and said she wants to start sending church. Oh, that's an obvious and we pretty much never really spoke spoke much about the religion in any way. But she feels it might be a good result of foundation for the order at least to learn the history of religion. So here is why dilemma, I'm just, you know, I'm a lot of good books, you know, how old is your daughter? Eight. Hey, my mother was taken her to like a Sunday school when she stayed down there. And she's beginning to enjoy it. And because, you know, the public school of course is, you know, getting the coloring and a bunch of fun stuff. But overall, here she is, she says, well, maybe it's time to do that. So, you know, I pretty much didn't say yes or no, though, but my feelings are that are the same as you and most of the other call. Yeah, what I would do is that would wait until she's maybe a little bit older and then get her some great books on comparative religions of the world and let her pick her own poison or not as the case may be as opposed to getting brain wash and indoctrinated, which is what they do in Sunday school. Right. Because I'm a very fair father and I, and husband too, and I don't want to step in anyone's feet and she is a good girl. And I, right. The same thing we have better than our forefathers, it's our fair father. Yeah, right. So, just call it, you know, that my right advice pal, don't do it. Don't sacrifice her brain to the religionist, please. I probably, probably a father's out there and husband's it probably has to go through the same thing here and probably much to back off by just watch football. So, anyway, they're gone again. Right. That's the bottom line. Which is not a good idea. Actually, it's already the football lot more. And then before I go, since there is a possible stop on the storm threat this weekend in South Florida, I'm not going to be knew about that or not. Sure. And I say these protests should get on that raft, so I hadn't back before the storm has been. Okay. Okay. Okay. He redeemed himself there and of course nobody is still told us about the why God invented hell. I think that's a very important question. Leave it to me to come up with the questions. I don't think they have all the answers. You religious start to want to have all the answers or the answer. It's almost 12.30 already. Half an hour goes by and we still haven't found out why God created hell. Probably the same reason he doesn't get rid of Lucifer. You know, Lucifer, you know, Lucifer reminds me of O.J. Yeah, he's evil. He's pesky and he just refuses to go away. But God being all powerful, he can just snap his fingers or whatever he's testicles, his tentacles, whatever he's got. And there goes Lucifer, never see him again. Oh my gosh, can you imagine how wonderful it would be? No more shootings in Colorado, no more shootings on the streets of Miami, no more people join their babies off the banister, no more this craft. No more evil. Because if Satan is responsible for all the evil things in the world and for leading man down to path to hell, all we got to do is get rid of him. So God must be playing some kind of game with us, especially since he knew ahead of time, I was all gonna come out anyway. He knew ahead of time I was gonna come up. Just like when he put Adam in the head to the test in the garden, oh, he gave him free, he gave him free, well, the only problem is he knew what the resolution was gonna be anyway. And what the choice would be. He already knew that. So what's an SNM game? It's kind of like you're a QIM. I'm gonna give you a whole bunch of ways to fail. That's what I'm gonna do. And if you can still succeed, well, well, you must be fantastic. But what I'm really gonna do is keep strolling hoops in front of him, I'm gonna throw a rings of fire, and I'm gonna throw a locus, everything in your way to see if I can't make you fail. Just like they do here at QIM. Maybe we've seen the face of God, George. Maybe it's Greg Reed. Yeah, going like that. Maybe we need maybe all this place needs a good exercise. But the problem is, Christ compels you. The problem Christ compels you. Yeah, power Christ compels you. How are getting there? We've seen the face of God. It's Greg Reed. So who's Satan? I don't know. But he's your talks like when the Blair. Here's a mobile and West Palm beach, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey, I know why no. I guess he's quiet in the living room rug like Linda Blair too. Anyway, go ahead, sir. Okay, I wanted to call you a long time ago, but I got that guy out there. Do you remember when you came back from one of your vacations? Yes, sir. You were talking about how you was getting on the A36, and you kind of like blacked out and you didn't wake up until the last time. Right. That's right. I didn't like it. I don't know what it was. I had like a gap. I couldn't tell you. By all right, you shouldn't crash and burn, right? By all right, you shouldn't shoot up half of it, right? No, I wouldn't say that. No, on the law of averages, if you do, I mean, if your mind goes blank and you kind of forget your own mind. I'm not going to mind when blank. I just, uh, my attention span or whatever. I just wasn't paying any attention. Okay, under those. Are you suggesting that God was the one to come home safely? Is that it? Yes, he carried you home the whole way. I see. And why would he do that when I don't even believe in him? Because he's giving you a chance for you to believe in him. Uh-huh. And what about all those people who do believe in that he doesn't just straighten the rise out. They fall asleep at the wheel and bang their dead. How about them? What was their time? Look at what you're doing there. It wasn't time. It was there at your time. Like those teenagers in Denver that got killed in the school. It was their time to go. Exactly. Uh-huh. That's when he wanted. He didn't want you right now. Or you'd been dead? Yeah. I'm telling you that. Why don't want him either? You should believe. Who invented hell? Who invented hell, sir? I can't answer that. Okay. See, no answer. The Bible says you'll be a fucking devil talk. He's in the sound of like one of those NRA guys with all of them. We just didn't force the existing law. You know, with the same old tired rhetoric there. There we know for God damn news paper. They found in the T-rooms somewhere. Off a P.O.L.P.A. literature. Same crap. The Lord guided me home. Oh, thank you God. Thank you God. 26 past known. At 5.60 W.K.A.M. So that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So you're a atheist. Completely rooted in science. So with no beliefs outside of what you can see with your own two eyes. Well then chances are that the Old Testament didn't do it for you. And neither did the deal with. So with the Lord's final attempt to break your story as around. Check out the latest book from God entitled, Screw you to. You're a great, full little bastard. Start off in chapter one with who do you think cause the flood that wiped out your house last week? And then move on to such later chapters as step outside. There you will. And drop to your knees and pray or those hemorrhoids won't ever go away. It's screw you to. You ungrateful little bastard. The latest release from God. It's better than the book of Mormon better than the Torah. And the Bible combined by yours today. It's something you want to come up with. It's because the panthers have recalled right when you find no Voscellsa from Louisville. Because obviously with Melon be hurt last night. It would vary with that groin. He's pulling it. You got the two people out there and how long we don't know yet. Scott Melon be by the way. We'll meet up with the team in Toronto. And is he going to be playing tonight? No. But you know you get a concussion like that. Who do you want to know? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. As we continue looking for the reason for hell. Why did God invent hell? So I was like a very reasonable question to me. I asked to go to question. He said, eh. He's got all the other answers. But when I asked him something very basic, why would anybody? Why would anybody? Love and creator invent something as grow test and horrendous and disgusting as Hades as hell as this lake of fire as this towering inferno. The answer is. I don't know. Well, think about it. Okay. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Happned. Yes sir. What's the box? I'm doing okay. Yeah. I got to tell you the rascal house just reopened the place is beautiful. I know you don't like the rascal house. Oh, it's great. Yeah. I don't like the rascal house. 560, 560, at least go ahead and don't the most of them go to the rascal house. So it's one leg up on new pal. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, water sling. There's an old fart and old jewel in hell and Dale by the way. Who thinks the rascal house is good? You know what I'm saying? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. How you doing, Neil? Okay. We're just in hell. He gave us the Miami-Herald. Look at the three A of the, the Harald today. Under sports. For one. Look what he said about it nationally, American League Championship. As the Boston Red Soxer Cleveland, India. Oh, wait a minute. Three A. Yeah. It's a little rundown of New summary. Uh, as the Red Soxer Indians prepared for night skiing. Well, yeah. The Red Soxer Indians, India's get another shot at it. Okay. Because we took all our land away from them. Thank you sir. You bet they got a stake from the Harald. Leafs stop out of with them. Did they do the, they lost the game. Uh, Indians in the Red Soxer, is that it? No. Red Soxer and Yankees last time we all checked. What don't tell Joe Costello with you, and until the Albejavs have to take that Yankee off it on it. So he thinks he's going to work today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. If it's in the Harald, you know, be on the shadow of it out. That it's probably a pilot. Right. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hey, hey, don't you. Okay, sir. It's good to hear from you. First one caller. All right. Actually, I'm taking, I'm head now. So I just wanted to call it, you know, I'm living and breeding person. Oh, right. Uh, I grew up here and I just can't take anymore. And having more for the, for the school system for so long. Um, part of the problem is we got so many teachers out there that are just a kid that's the kids. And I'm tired of it. Like I want to, I was looking for advancement here, but I'm getting out. I don't want to, I don't want to work with these people. And there are much business, and miserable people. So it's good to talk to you. Uh, wish you the best. And, um, take care. Okay, best of luck, pal. Thanks a lot. See you. There's the amount it's getting out of here. An education, no less. Anybody who never write mind, want to work in education here? No support from the politicians. No support from the taxpayers and a parent. No support from anybody. And in the meantime, your kids at a one to the like, you know, it's kind of pot luck. Some of them through a miracle. They can work their way through and spend for themselves and come out on top and be okay. And then there's all bunch of other kids who might actually turn out to be a lot brighter if they had like text books and a real education system. And people are really cared. But those are course, are things that are on American down here. All we care about here is like that old fart from Helen Dale, the early bird dinner. That's all we care. Sure, you're the two men I had a dumpy because you said crap. You must have been thinking about the food that they're going to slap out of your plate over there with all the old rascals. Two men I had a dumpy because he was the definitive thing about what's wrong with his town. And so many of us despise it like poison is the rotting, festering, direct like him. Dreck your Dreck on two legs, pal. You can smell it right to your bag. Here's a mobile in the Gabels. Hello. Mobile in the Gabels. Yeah, yeah. I know what I am positive. I'm a minister and I know why I got created hell. Yes. Stop all the baggage. Okay, I'm a minister. Yeah, doing a phone-e-boys. I'm a minister. They're staff all the baggage. Yes, stuff this. You should know a lot about stuffing, pal. Not even Thanksgiving yet. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wildest line. Don't you love that one. They do that phone-e-boys. Oh, I'm a minister and I'm a minister and I'm a... Must he must be related to that school or Lou Jack was talking about the other day. The one who lost it's nuts. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. I have a gun. Great. Like fix that, that's your Etch question. Number one, God being created hell. We did and what I'd like to suggest to people check out that movie, what dreams may come with rotten Williams. Okay, the part of that movie where Cuban didn't gymnast says that hell is probably not an actual place, but hell is a result of a person's life's gone bad. God did not create hell. There's nothing like it. Only human beings have done it. And I'm ten-eyed go-to-church, almost as often as I can. But we've been so indoctrinated as you call it a lot. And there's a lot of misleading things that are being said in the search of today that it's kind of ridiculous. What happens in Colin Buin is not a result of a kid's time, that child's time to go. It was just a crazy bastard who came in and shot up the whole place. That's how I beautify a whole thing. Thanks a lot, man. God bless you, sir. I'm actually going to make a lot of sense, okay? Yeah, I love the way that the thing ends by the way. I can go to the cool all the way through. The ends where they say, oh, it's just stop short. Takes your breath away. Makes you want to puke up green soup for weeks. There's the moment that everybody should see, okay? If you want to realize what a bunch of bull crap at all is, demons and devils and angels and all the, how many angels can dance on your records? And start pull questions today, okay? Yeah, how many angels can give you a head? I mean, dance on a head of a pin. And by the way, we haven't had anybody yet who's out there and will still yet. No guys calling claiming to do a screw more than 20,000 women today. Only one, I guess. Of course, I guess maybe God's God will Chamberlain because it takes a look around us, but he screwed us all. 22, 21 at 5, 60, WQM, they hate Goldberg show. Hey, stop it coming up at 2. Hopefully Hank Scott has come back to his sense. Hank, I guess this week in the last couple of years, it's alternate days. Some days he makes a lot of sense. And then what was that? Do you hear that? And then other days, like on the alternate days he starts just sticking to certain places where it don't belong. Like in any Pope's spectrum, that was embarrassed yesterday. Come on, Hank, you know, better than that. Ed Pope has written a column that made any sense in 600 years. Right, and like any Pope, you know, he just has seen our old man. Freedom and say cheese. There, paints. I don't think I'm not doing anymore. You used to watch me, Shane. Now you do stare at the floor. Don't dare penis. I don't like you. And then on. You used to be you who made a paper towel in a dirty bag. That's all we'd made it to get back. Now it's saying things, change that I think that you're the one who's lying there, paint a sword. I don't like you. And you know, he thinks they're ugly. I don't think I'm not doing anymore. When you get to drink it, you put me in places I've never been before. They're rotten. I don't like you. I can't believe you just get a grip on our man's hand. Related to the sand. And the turns are truly how we feel. If we put our hands together, we just stay on forever. Oh, well, she was running around. Who was running around? They really aim. So it was running around. They could not move it. Oh, heaven's gate. No, not heaven's gate. Get out of here, heaven's gate. And I didn't have it. Is that what it was? You know, that was not an heaven. That was the one with Chris Atkins, the male prostitute. Oh, who was dancing with whatever was. It was Linda Blair and Willie Eames. What's the member Willie Eames from eight inches is enough? What's wrong with you, man? Get with it. We're taking roller boogie. Our coral springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir. How are you today? I'm doing okay. And you're sure very much every day? Of course. Put the little lights in my day, last day? Yeah. A lot of questions, Mark. Two of course. Yeah. But I just want to say, I just flew back from Montreal. Let's see the game last night. Oh, I'm so sorry. It was a free free yes, but it would get to the time. This win, but I want to tell you at the end of the game. And that one being got hurt. Right. I could not believe half of those people in that forum. It stuck around. Right. And I was going to see him how he was doing. Right. When they lifted him up on the street. I gave him an ovation when they put him on the street. The ovation he got was, I mean, I was so surprised. And then what do I've seen with the Michael Irvin situation? I'm saying these people got a lot of class. Right. I'm like the asshole. It's amazing to see how the reaction. This is a game. It's not, you know, what are the war and people applaud it. That he was okay. Right. You know, I'm just, you know, the people here and the people there. Like two different people. You know. I was born and raised in Montreal. I've been living in Florida for over 20 years. And I go back every year just to get a, you know, bread to fresh air. And you will. Right. But you know, I wanted to mention that. And you're bigger than you. You're feeling. You know. Okay. Have a good day, sir. Thank you so much. You just do that in there. So fast. You're just sitting here absorbing all of the other good stuff. What are a little bit more civilized up there. And I'm saying. Uh-huh. Yeah. I think you do. Unlike those animals in Philadelphia who are like, you know, everybody, everybody, even the stars that played their Mike Schmidt. Anybody ever played in Philadelphia? Well, by the way, talk about getting boot out of town. I don't want to mention who had a real real real bad game last night. I don't want to mention number 34. Bees are. I don't want to say that rub it in before. Did he let in some bad goals on Peter Bond was got a head trick for the flyers. Left for the, uh, catch last night. And of course, he's a great player. Got a great shot. All three goals. Greece. See, these are when he was down here. He give up on Greece. You go again. But now I'm going to fill it off. He's going up two three four. He's going to go up four three four three. He goes again. Including the ones you gave the least in a playoff last year. I do not bees. Well, they're going to boo his ass out of town real fast. By the way, are you heard it here for his Roger Nielsen? He's going to get fired this week. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the mobile and Naples. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, I do. Okay, sir. Five seconds. Remember, uh, Satan invented hell. I have to do a college turn paper. Like nine million years ago. Satan invented hell. Yeah, well, uh, hear me out. I have to do this terrible turn paper we're doing. Uh, study of thisology as the religion. Yeah. And apparently, uh, Satan was an angel at the time. He was like, God's right hand, man. And, uh, who wanted to move up. And, uh, take God's place. Yeah. But when he found there was no advancement, he set up a don't kingdom which was hell. And, of course, God's kingdom was heaven. No. Yeah. No, God invented heaven and hell. No, I'm not well. Hear me out now. So then when, when God found it. And let me ask you this. Okay. Remember when God got pissed off at every living creature on the face of the year. When things were going to good and then we had the flood. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. No, no, but listen to me. Okay. How come if he got pissed off and he limited, even all the children, the babies, the infants, even all the innocent people who had nothing to do with this reading for being pissed off. The things weren't going right. How come he didn't eliminate the devil? That's what I'm saying is there's like two separate kingdoms. After after he was obviously God was one, anybody to get the, the two of the, somebody in the, he had an angel. Okay. He had a bad angel. He had an angel who was like, out of control. Okay. Why didn't you just say, you're going away? I'll eat it, but I guess he couldn't do it all the way. It couldn't be all the way. I'll eat it all the way. I'll eat it all the way. Okay. Thanks a lot, Kyle. Woo! Heavy, do the. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's called Let's rewrite history. Okay. We know Dan Wellet, the God done it. And pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Real my queen. Yes. God. Hello, are you okay? Man, I think that's a fear for me. I've been missing the hell out TV show for when. Yes. Why can't you make someone to kind of deal with some other TV station? I don't want to make any deal to put crap like that back on your own. You can't even be able to look forward to that. It was garbage. I was going to make me laugh. I was going to make you laugh, but it may be cry because it was done very poorly and embarrassingly. No, well, I mean, yeah, I was going to go to a real TV station. I'm not going to do it right. I might consider it, but then I have. I haven't watched where I'm going to receive. Yeah, and there's anybody else. Thank you. Oh, my god, it won't even offer like almost a year on there. I mean, it sucks. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay, sir. I have two versions of why why how was created? Okay. First of all, I think that hell was created by the church a long time ago to civilize this uncivilized world. A place where you would go with you were bad and so forth. You're not working real well, then that's exactly. Okay, and my second thing is is that just in case hell is true. OG, San Douche and Greg Reed, I'm going to need a place to go after we leave here. San Douche. Exactly. And you left out. Wrong. Wrong. Okay, thank you, sir. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the ATM. This is very amusing. Very humorous and that's fine because that's part of what the show is all about. But we're very serious here. Aren't we? No. Are we serious? How come a garden bed at hell if he's benevolent and loving and all this other stuff? And how come you don't make the goddamn devil go away and give us peace and strength really? Oh, it's all in God's plans. Well, I'll pass, thank you. If that's the kind of God that you want to believe in that plan all of this. Oh, yeah, but but all it's men's got free will. See, one minute it's all in God's plans. The next minute God's got free will. Well, if a man's got free will, then what are you praying to God for? He's not going to intervene. Air-reached statement. They come up with is another contradiction and then they turn another corner and another corner and all of a sudden you realize you're going around in a big circle. Jerk. Yeah, like a dog chasing its tail. That's what they got you doing. Going around in a big circle. With double talk like Al Kelly. Papa papa. Yeah, just double talk. Here's a lady mobile in four-launder to you. Hello. Hello, man. Yes, man. I thought about you on Sunday and I told my husband where I was reading this article on the mining house. I didn't get a chance to look into yesterday so if I'm redundant, I'd apologize. Okay. But did you happen to notice the article in there of the preacher who he has a following and they bring in their checkbook and money and they create a God to make the rich and millionaire? No. You've always been there. You're a dog. And the guy was like jumping around. You just do anything from Jerry Wires. Yeah. Show me the money. Show me the money. Show me the money. Yeah, I love it. Yeah, and they were playing this stuff. But I said to my husband, I will look. I know he's listening. I said, if Neil doesn't, if Neil does not write down there on Monday, he's so surprised. Well, I hope somebody else, somebody still got him. Maybe they'll send it to me. He was hilarious. Okay. I mean, I am a practicing Catholic. You know, that's my own personal thing. Yeah. I have to push it on anybody else. But I believe me. I kid me answering these questions. My kids are being brainwashed. Yeah. I have to school right now. I don't let those priests practice on any of your kids. Let me pick this up. I have girls. So I think I'm pretty. Okay. I said, don't let those sisters pray. You know, practice on any of your kids. Okay. But I can't answer it. It's questions because I don't sound so foolish to me. I mean, I'm an intelligent person, which can't everybody. Everybody's different. And I don't push what I believe on anybody. Yeah. There you go. I mean, I think we're a little free wine. Have a great day. Thank you. I'll pray for you. Okay. Thanks. Free way first free wine. But like I told you before, don't trick out of that challenge. So the priest put his lips on it and the other priest often like dips his tongue in there too. And yeah. What he does. He dips his tongue in there. Not necessarily in the wine. Oh, God. What a closet, baby. Let me tell you something. Okay. This whole bag here. You guys in the church. You're not fooling me. Maybe you're fooling some of those naive heterosexual people out there. You're not fooling me for a millisecond. I'm on the air. We want to you. God damn. Faggot. Okay. God. There's a fact in the church. Right. Right. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm not mobile. Here's a stationary in Miami. Yeah. Neil this morning. Goldie says that when our Schwarzscher gets back, he's going to replace his will. Yeah. It'll be great. Well, you know, it's like taking one statue out of the way. At least replacing it with the darker one. I don't know. What does that mean? You see Chris Wells last night. They set him up. Melon be with a great past all alone for the minute. Never even got a shot away. I know. It's terrible. Even a remand was a little costick about that. But maybe we can teach Jose to skate and he could be buried protection. Okay. Give him a machete instead of a stick sounds good to me. And also, the other was a god. Need your mark would have a pair. Okay. Yeah. If there was a god he'd be on some of the team. I'll tell you that. Oh, Robbie. Don't don't go away, Mad Robbie. Just please go away. 560-50560-pond-560 on the 18-T-Warmus line. There's a god because there she is. Yeah. He's thinking it's John Henry's ball. Mel's the one. I must be crazy. What's he thinking? That's John. The John Henry's ball. That's God's birthday. He's got upstairs. And who gives a crap if they're real or not? That's for you, Brittany. Okay. That's from all your fan out there. They're all yanking on it right now. But heads. It's the one to do out. Where black shoes with for me here to short. You can play the past. Atticus, you won't drive any import. Much wear in the movies. Many songs have to be. Everyone in the frame should have been in the beach. You're in my real love. You like driving because you hate any music. It has a good job. Father in love. You feel the eye of the creed. But I ain't clipping coups on every day of the week. I have nothing like you. Don't notice the dark track. And that don't drink contact on me. When I eat a thing that You're taught as my wife. I will not destroy her. You just gonna have to get over it. She needs a very desire. One or two and five, sixty W.M. Catholic Church, paying pregnant girl to keep baby high. I was in London, no less. Weeks after the Irish government, the British government, I'm so sorry. Weeks after the British government launched the moral crusade to cut the number of teenage pregnancies. The Roman Catholic Church in Scotland has revealed that is paying the bills of a poor pregnant 12-year-old to prevent her from having an abortion. 12-year-old girl and the Catholic Church is paying her off to make sure she has the baby. The announcement provoked a furious backlash on Monday from abortion rights advocates and renewed the debate about how to curb Britain's teenage pregnancy rate the highest in Western Europe. We're talking of money being offered to what child to keep a baby which removes choice to Sarah Colborn head of the National Abortion Campaign offering 12-year-olds cash for babies is tantamount to bribery, fueling Sue Carroll right for the newspaper, the London Daily Mirror. How do you like that? Paying off a 12-year-old girl to make sure she doesn't have an abortion so we can put another good Catholic baby on the face of the year if they were in London. We're saying he'd like the need to hemorrhide. Let's see, he needs more spotted dick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Yeah, when we were doing a Wimbledon I was in London spotted dick at the airport and Bert. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Are you doing the upper hand? Okay. You want to know why you got created? Yeah, so that people like you could call this show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in South Miami, hello. Mobile in South Miami. Okay, thank you. Okay, we're coming right down to the abitter end now. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. I don't know if people are following what into a coma, it's crowded, I don't know. Yeah, why don't we leave it there? What is it? Why are you on the phone? Related thing, I got an interesting prayer. Yes sir. When I was about 11, I was at a softball game with my church. Keep in score. I scored a run that the other team didn't think should have happened. So the two Christian teams got in a fist fight on a softball field. All right. Overall run scored in a game. There you go. Yeah. Sounds like Northern Ireland to me all over again. Most definitely. I'm on my lunch hour when I say out of somebody, if you don't mind. Okay, go ahead. Oh, sorry, is he gone? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's keep his game, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You sound like a communist guy. I mean, if you don't believe in God, I mean, you don't see any boy scout troops over in Cuba for Crane a log. And I want to say that. Uh-huh. Let me ask you something. Is it, uh, what, what brand are you drinking today? For me? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I want to hopefully shmaring off, sir. You know, maybe a cheaper brand. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Pardon me? I go and move to a 5, 4, buddy. Okay. All right. Put your teeth back into by the way, pal. People are starting to talk. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. That's a hard act to follow. No, he's beautiful. But I think I have an, um, I think I have an answer to your question. What got created, uh, hell. Yes. It's so that it'd be good. Uh, he created hell as a consequence for man's actions. In other words, I remember when I was in college, if I drank too much, it was great when I was getting high, but the next morning I woke up at the hangover, I talked to myself, geez, I don't think I want to do that anymore. Mm-hmm. Um, and attend commandments. You with me, right? Almost no. Okay. Okay. Okay. The attend command. Command. Command. Sam, where the, I'm listening. Okay. Anyway, the attend commandments. What, what problem do you have with that? Is that, is that not a bad, um, order to follow in life or no? What about that? So I'm not committed adultery. How many people are committing adultery? Um, again, that's, that's, what are the consequences to that? Actually, you're going to ruin a marriage. You're going to ruin a family. Maybe you're going to be not. But if you choose it, and didn't ruin well, well, well, Sam, but they're never going to be a smarty. You never got married. Well, 20,000. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, most of you guys are jealous. Okay. That right now. No. Anyway, anyway, you know, it's funny. It's ironic. The person like yourself, very intelligent, very bright, very humorous guy. Gotcha. Gotcha. Using you. I mean, what you're doing? God is using me to get one. Yes. To make sure that other people will open up their mind and realize how ridiculous the whole religion thing is? Yeah. And that's what you're going. That's one way to put it. That's one way to put it. Yeah. But if all the topics you choose, you know that people love the topic. Yeah. And, you know, at some point. Yeah, because they know that it's all a bunch of bullcraft that anybody with a half a brain that's using it and wants to feed themselves in the brainwashing, it knows how silly it all is. It's embarrassingly ridiculous. Well, I think God invented hell. So there's consequence for our actions. Yes. Yes. Okay. And then is that why the board again, Christians will tell you that if somebody like Hitler would have accepted Christ on his deathbed that he would have gone to heaven? Look, we got out of that. I was going to say that. I'm going to say that's good. And you know, to get into the politics of politics. Well, I forget about the politics of it. We're talking morality. You know, good, bad evil consequences of your evil. What kind of possible, what kind of possible incentive is there for there to be a good person if you can accept some kind of theory, T.L. and go to heaven? Who says that person accepts the fairytale and goes to heaven if they're not? That's what the board again, Christians tell us. Well, I don't know. I think that's the baitable. And I have a problem with somebody who says that, you know, I'm a Christian and I just killed six people that I know I'm going to have and well, there are only two people who know that. The person that's saying that and God. And God, yeah. And you and I are going to sit back and judge who's right. I don't know. No, we'll be in the boxes where we'll be sure when that day comes, we'll be in the box with all the other dead people that have a great day. There has to be a consequence where actions don't just eat a parallel between drinking too much and you're going to be in the box. Don't just eat a parallel between that and burning in the eternal lake of fire, because the Lord is a good loving God. And everything is evil, man. Everything is wicked. Everything you would like, whether it's having too many beers, whether it's going out and getting laid. Everything that's good is evil and you're going to burn and hell if you do it. That's right. The SNM God, there has never been more SNM, more twisted, sick crap that in the evil book. They call it the good book, they should call it the bad book. The bad book says a polycrack. Media is sick and it's hot bad. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word, out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word, it's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. F. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, flicking which means to strike. In English, F. falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John F. Surely. It's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the F. F. Work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to F. F. Much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is F. F. Beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a F. As part of a word, I have so F. F. Unleadly, for, in F. F. Incredible. And, as almost every word in a sentence, F. F. F. F. F. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the verse of telephoto. As in these examples, describing situations such as fraud, I got F. F. The F. The used car lock. This may, off F. F. Trouble. I guess I'm really F. F. Now. Aggression. So F. With me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside? And play hide and go F. Here's yourself. I'm sure you can think of many more examples. There's a lot of them. And proudly. F. F. You. All right. 115 at 5. 60 W. Come. So here's the word from my clearance. Povellbury will be evaluated before game time in Toronto tonight. So he actually could play tonight. The least want that to happen. No. Just a sit-em-out. You're in the rest. And the Scott Melonby, of course, will miss the game. Did I need to have a concussion from, slamming to the end boards last night. But maybe not as bad as everyone thinks will be evaluated tomorrow. They'll take a look at him. And see how it goes. May not miss that much time. Thank God. Here's the cross-brings. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I can tell you who God is. We're invented. How, see you on. Yeah. That's it. That's who he is. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Larry. I was lurking into an voice. 5.6705. 60. Pound 5. 60 on the AT&T. Wartel's five. Play was going to say we're invited to X to C. They're all raving about it on the beach. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. If anyone doesn't believe how exists, they got a good down to Miami. Yeah. Bottom line. O.J. Do I use my 9mm or my 9mm or my 9mm or my 9mm? Well, I see you on the golf course. 5.6705. 60. Pound 5. 60 on the AT&T. Wartel's life. I think there's a message in your O.J. I think they're trying to convey it to you slowly, but surely in your little slow on the uptick. They don't watch you here. Oh, man. I'm just the way it is. Maybe in Pocifstein, New York, they might not notice you too much. Okay? Maybe if you had lost like on 12th street and downtown Detroit, they wouldn't notice you. Kind of blend in. We just don't watch your eyes here. And the rest of you were out too crazy about either. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. No one's talked about what a great game covered kid isn't playing for the last three days. Are you playing good? Is he going to be playing tonight? No Sean Burst playing. He's back from his home. Sean Burst, how did he go? Right. Now what's the situation with the people off? Oh, we from next to Tuesday. Oh, they got a B. B. What? What? It's going to be out for next week? No, no, week from next Tuesday. Oh, we from next to Tuesday, 18. Oh, great. Great. Okay, pal. See you there. See you there. Bye. There you go. That's you up. Then I'm ready. Reminded. Maybe Pizseloth has been postponed from next to Tuesday. I mean, if you go over there, hey, hello, Sergeant Ice Meal. Are good buddy, Ponytail, but we're not going to be doing our thing. They're next to Tuesday. We had a postponed. To make sure we get the repropressed disc in. We don't want to go there. And you know, put too much pressure on this whole thing. Want to make sure we got all the good stuff. And then, you know, do it the best we can. Percent or one in spite of the fact that this place, yeah, why you've already has you. You know, it's just a lot of aggravation. Just a lot of aggravation, a lot of tourists, a lot of ineptness and a lot of incompetence. And a lot of people have been in this place who had no business even being a lot in the door. That's part of the problem. People just like I told you before many months ago, needle in a paycheck every couple of weeks just wandering around just to go into the motions and not do a good job moving that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Neil, I just wanted to comment on a couple of points. First, I'm now the Cuban's going crazy, the spacious. It's so funny. I'm sitting there. I'm ready to go outside a night or a Friday when everyone was. I flip on the TV while I'm getting dressed. And I see this guy screaming three to leave it at that in the back, freedom. And yet, they're preventing people from expressing their freedom to go to whatever concert they want. Yeah. And how about, you know, they're always yelling, Viva, Cuba, Libre, how about Viva, Los Estados, and needles Libre, how about that? Yeah, you know, I don't know. Right in here. And you know what? I mean, they're rushing through all the Hispanics and I hate it when we get going to stop with the humans because this Cuban suck. That's what I hear. Yeah, that's what I hear too. But, and then, you know what? I feel like the Cubans are wrestling. I hear the real buzzy. But anyway, you know what? This, I tell sorry for the Cuban starting to Cuba right now. But for all this old Cubans that came over, yeah. They deserve what they got. They had all the wealth. They never spread the wealth around to the poor black. Mm-hmm. They basically kept the people like a slave, as farm hands, just cutting came. You got doing nothing for them. And you know, they got what they deserved. And now they're over here, wine and bitching. Yeah. Instead of ever trying to fix the problem. I think of your sensationality. We could send them all back right now and see just how they can benefit for themselves. I think it would be great. It'd be beautiful to have their next revenge on. Yeah, they're beautiful. Send them back to that then in every public. They claim it's so great. And I'm going to go home and start packing. Maybe notice for me. So, as soon as I get out of here. You know what? I'll help you, man. Okay, thank you. There you go. And of course, you always need a life raft. So, maybe we'll throw it a Guaya bearer, too. 560, 5050, POM5060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I, yeah, wonder, according to you, I don't have a love for hockey. I saw a movie called Mystery Alaska. Yeah. Well, I saw the previous one there, right? I, you'll love it. But if you're hockey players, that's what I hear. It's really a good movie. Got good story line. And I heard that very high-reviewed by Greener James. I won't spoil and tell you about it. It was great. That's one thing I wanted to mention to a great show. I have a little personal experience. What we mentioned. And I share it with you. Sure. I would have you in the drug alcoholic. And do organize crime in a fallway. And somebody shared with me about how a James life to take place if you put faith in Jesus. And I guess, I'm completely delivered and debt free. And enjoy my life and enjoy my family. Yeah, well, I'll ask you about your show. You can say something sarcastic. I'm telling you about what I've went through and what he did for me personally. I haven't even said anything yet. Well, I'm waiting. I'm scared to your man. I just got your saying. Like Jesse Ventura said, religion is a crutch for week-minded people. Obviously, you had a problem. That was a problem. I was a very strong will person. Yeah. And but I was empty inside. It was a boy inside my heart. It was in a fine mind. But you need to crutch. It's a best crutch I ever found. Well, it's a war spirit. Great one man. Okay. I mean, it's a heavenly one. It feels good. More power to you, sir. Thank you. Go through the movie. Enjoy it. And I'll pray for you. And they'll make a code too. See the omega code. Okay. You're not here. So here's a guy that's calling in who's found Jesus. But he still wants me to go see him. We'll be with the naked young hockey players. Thank you, sir. I bless you. We'll all pray for you. Mr. Rielansky said it's pretty good. Even though George don't want to see it. I'm telling you, there's got to be some hot chicks in there. And he movie that's got hot teenage hockey players. He's got to have some hot young and a chicks in there. Oh, I know it's a hockey movie. That's right. I'm sorry. Always to look at him cable. I'm just saying that they're disconnecting the game show channel from Boca Brian's cable. No, just to punish him for being such a sour post. They're taking off the game show channel. And at that point he's just going to go home and end it off. I mean, what's life without Alan Ludden? You know, I do love that bit. But nobody in Saudi misunderstands. In fact, every time I play Alan Lary in Bird, it's like a command performance. Because Boca Brian and I do only was old enough to understand it. Yeah, I get out of here with him. Yeah, next movie. Next one. Daily and here with Dorothea, the ghost of Dorothea, Kail Gowlin and Arlene Francis and Tupy Sales and Bennett's turf. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Listen, I'm not going to talk to my line. What is it? Yeah, yeah. About the religion thing. You know, it works for that guy that's good. But you know, it's like, if you look back on the Greeks and had all the jobs they had a lot for everything. Oh, yeah. In fact, the Greeks that was their favorite line was old god. That's good. Exactly. And so we look back on that we actually study it in school now on what a far is that was. Yeah. We're so big. We call our God God. Right. Oh, yeah. Every every, you know, culture that comes along there, God is the right one there. And it's it's there only been about 45,000 gods throughout the ages and it's all a bunch of bull crab. It's very tales. Exactly. Very tale. Like Jesse Ventura says, it's fun for the people minded. It's very tales for weak people. And if like I said to this guy, if it does him some good, if that's what he needs that question to leave on fine, just don't try to pawn it off on anybody else and use it as excuse to condemn everybody else, which obviously he doesn't. And right, exactly. They got less them. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Go have that. And you know, another thing. We don't go have at it because then he'll be the deer to be in trouble. Yeah. Exactly. He's just, he's just crazy. These that's the sparks is like we'll tumble and they're having it. And all the wars that have been caught on over the sprint half of them, it's over religion. Well, more than that. Yeah. I would say religion or property or loading one of the other way. And then I think in Pakistan where they had the military coup yesterday, you do realize that the conflict between the Indians and the Pakistanis is all over religion. You do understand that too, don't you? Exactly. Exactly. Which was ridiculous. They thought it all out of the room. When they throw the dirt on you, they throw the dirt on you. Right. And it's going to happen to everybody. And that's where we're all equal. Should treat each other nice. We're all going to float and get over it. And when the warms come out together, they're not choosing. That's right. I have a great day. And in closing, in closing, I went off through grade school with pony tail. So if you ever want to know some stories, I got them. Okay. I feel like I feel like it. Okay. There you go. We got pony tail by the short hairs. If he's got any. Which I don't want to see. But I just, you know, he's a great guy, but I don't want to see him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Tim or I. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Listen, that guy said not being one that just talked to you. Do you want me for? He said he was in the organized crime. Yeah. Yeah. He must be Henry Hill. Now he found a doctor. Oh, be good things. He may have done, right? Right. Listen. Okay. Sure. Listen. For those of us who live in Broward County and have media one services. Yes. Have great news. So the end of November. Yes. They're closing their customer service offices here in Broward County, on the beach. 200 employees will be left without work. And they're moving everything to Jacksonville. So if you have an outage, you will be calling Jacksonville. Oh, that's great. And then Jacksonville will be relaying everything down ten years to Pompano. Oh, more great service for media one. Great. Well, what gets me is that as usual, like any other big American company, they wait until close to the holidays. They're going to holiday to fire. Right. We're going to have to be happy Thanksgiving and Merry Christmas and happy to know. Right. Right. Well, thanks for the good news. They may not be good, but at least they're consistent. Yeah. Don't keep your day shone, Neil. It's on. Okay. It's cooking. It's perfectly. And have a great day, sir. There you go. More bad news is the consumer once again gets screwed. And the little guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. But God is looking out for us. Okay. God will protect us against all these corporate giants. Morning. No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pomp 5, 60 on the 18, T. Well, let's not. Now, one person that is told us so why God invented hell is one person that any kind of a even semi intelligent. I think that's pretty much how to. What's that? The incentive. The threat of horrible pain and suffering to force you to do the right thing. I mean, that's evil and sadistic. What kind of a sadistic prick would do that? He wanted to show those angels loose for the angels because that's where they're going to wind up along with us. Uh-huh. Amen. It's like these crazy religious who always say, oh, I was, you know, when we have some natural disaster. Oh, in fact, even in the insurance companies, they got in their active God. So that all, you know, he's pissed off at some of a bunch of people. But all the innocent ones that get blown away their life doesn't mean anything either because he doesn't have good aim. There aren't a win of sentient. He doesn't have good aim. Don't you understand he's got bad aim. He's all these people. He's got bad aim. So look out for God. He's going to get you. If he's either O.J. will get you or God will get you first. O.J. has got better aim as well. I hear. Kiss me over. I'll be more on my. With the holidays approaching and your entire family coming over to visit, you need to be ready. Oh, man. Uncle George, was that you? That was me, that was your sister. That was George. I was not. I actually think we're sharing grandmother kids. And grandma lets one go. Everyone knows it's not the light to make a big seat over it. But how are you to know? Hi grandma. Well, with the all new old farce. You can't just mount the old farce apparatus in the family room. And when grandma rips one, the old farce will blink ever so slightly. Just enough so that grandma can't see it. But everyone else knows. Oh my. How much more pie says it? Yeah. They've grandma the embarrassment and pick up the old far today. 132. 560. 122. Big. Yeah. For now. God care. I don't know. Hell. No. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know不要 asking a The brainy guys do too. There's a beat to that over the years and the more. The mama. Oh, this is great. I think I might do the whole show with this thing every day. This is fantastic. What do you think? I don't have to get away. I think. I like that. I think this is great. It's also about your uniform. But no. I'm serious. No. I'm just in the. With a voice and shrimp. But they don't get hit by those button then. Here is the Miami Hill. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Come on. I'm going to play boot ready. Next. Okay. Great. Here's the homestead. Well. Coach, I'm going to play. Yeah. Yeah. You got that right. What's with your. My call comes from California State for another state. Yeah. And he gets a job where he's earning a command of dollars. Uh-huh. The state of California. Well, that's the one that he wants to come to Florida. Because they don't they don't have a reciprocal. There's something about the. The. They can't take his money. Right. Right. It's like a catch point. Two where they can't garnish his ways. Right. the other thing is he says it might not go but it'll take a standout. Got that right. You think that right? Got the major senderwood by the way to work is to clerk. Behind you. There you go. You take that place is bad to work for. I got two words for you. That's worth American Airlines. Oh yeah, I can imagine. I look good one man. Okay, thanks. Enjoy. And watch out for those damn hand grenades. You got that right. Okay. Please. No, you're saying that from the door. If place on your hand for minutes. There's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, this is Ben. I got a hockey question for you. I haven't heard any update on a Melon B. And Buried. Well, I'll give you the elatis as a half hour go. Buried is not as bad as we thought thank God. And he's going to be a bit of a value way to just before game time tonight. And Melon B. had a concussion but not a real bad one. And he's with a team in Toronto. We'll not play tonight. But they'll take a look at him again tomorrow. So that's not as bad as we feared. Oh, that's good here. What do you think of the pants so far this year? Well, undefeated. You can't do much better than that. It was a very exciting game last night. But you know, and then with the injuries, it was enough to tear your guts out. But what's not to like it. The whole question is can we keep them healthy? That's true. I'm fired up about the season. All right. There is a pants or fan. How do you like that? Oh, the only problem is, oh, I see you got to show it off. Oh, because he will not. You know, what? You're going without person. The fucking sub-talk. The thing. Art all of the points. Here's the poppin. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How were in it? Okay. I'm listening. Pound speak up. Speak up. How? We're at it. Okay. Thanks. As if we didn't already know that. 567560. Come on. Cut out what is crap. It's the vibrating. And Pound 5 will it must be multi-purpose. Pound 560 on the 18th of the wireless line. Here's four miles. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You don't have a great show, but you don't have no advertising. What's so ever in four miles? Really? Yeah. I mean, I, I found your phone. Well, both in some of the spare spots are over here to four miles. I mean, and I think it's thanks as you've got about 40 minutes to spot. So, we have an issue over there today. I'm paying for this call from four miles. And it's like a ridiculous article. Yeah, but the good news is that we've already ordered the 800 number and starting in just a few days. Yeah, I heard that before. Oh, seriously. But listen, I had a call because I was talking about, I was thinking about that, a hazing thing you were talking about and I was in the Navy before you were. Yes, sir. And like when we had the cross, you heard national daydlines. We had to do this thing called Walgain. When they had like, they had guys. We had to walk around. If you'd ever depressed before you'd walk around here, underwent have other guys. You'd teach you. And look over the side of the ship and while you're busy reading, you had to call for a flipper and stuff like that. Right. And then the top of it off we had this contest called the seed, the seed which contest. Yeah. And they had a guy from each division dressed up like a woman. And like we were up to see for already like 50 days. So I mean, these guys already look like, you know, women to begin with. Oh, one hand. Oh, it's like don't ask don't tell, but I mean, they had like the real baby. And they had a guy, you know, the biggest fatta guy to shoot. Oh, a lot of factory going out there and that with those seeming. And they're going down anything hard. It's a fine full of fiends. What are you doing? I'm fine. We believe you. Okay. Have a great day. You and the will. We'll still. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60. Oh. For all of us. Why? Here's Margie. Hello. Yeah. First time call or yes or for an touches about the religious thing. Every time I talk to somebody about religion, they're so into it. They can never answer any of my questions like, you know, God was everywhere in the beginning. And now talking, they talked double talk. They go, but they look like that. Yeah, they go. And but they still, they got that faith thing going. So I can't, are you with them there? Good for them. On the Panthers, I'm watching the game last night, not the Panthers game. But another one, I see some guy in a ground for 15 minutes. I don't see one clip of what happened. So eight plus for those guys in the, whatever crew that they're in because they suck. And third thing. What would you mean by that? Well, it was time to send your time. I was like, again, that was on last night was the flyers in the camps. Well, I'm a flyers fan, but I didn't see the game. I don't know. I actually don't understand why you were lucky to admit that. Yeah, I'm no longer fan actually. We're so bad. We haven't spent money on it. I thought, these are, he led it in a book five greasy goals last night. Nice one. That's in my pops told me. But I, not they didn't show a clip of the guy that, you know, Melody gets nailed. And they don't show for 15 minutes. They show him on the ground dying. But I don't see a clip of what happened. I just, you know, it pisses me off. Oh, no, nobody hit him. He just, uh, skated through a run. And got hit him and he just went right to the board. Yeah, I feel like one of those, uh, God frog gods. Well, no, I mean, I want you to get some times and nobody is fight going on. And the camera guy isn't even following him. They're just, uh, four does really bad when it comes to that. Very thing. I haven't, I haven't been late in a while. And I started to think about going, you know, find a nice guy. Maybe watch him for a frog at some head. Yeah, I don't think so. And I feel like the type five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T while he's lying. He's sticking of going gay. Great, I think maybe I think you'll let the litter out. And beat that gator me. There's nothing wrong with our T. Our close-up director is a fan. I asked him what was so upset. He's running around on the other side. He's a big fan. And then he's gone. He's gone, he's gone. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh. And four pp. And he was wondering why no one ever talked to me. He was then late. And then he's getting late. And then he's gone. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh. And then he's gone. And then he's gone. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh. And then he's gone. And then he's gone. Oh, shh, shh, shh. And then he's gone. Oh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh. Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shdoor, shshh, shsh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shhh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shsh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shsh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, sh as I mean it you feel somewhat powerless because it's not in our hands I mean we're not talking about a million dollars for this or this is one point five billion right with a big and it is a scary thing when you know that they're sending that kind of money to fight something is basically I mean whenever we're gonna no not fight fun you have the f-right but they're fun there no they're funding the bureaucracy that exists for this phony war on drugs like a multi billion dollar bureaucracy which is just a force and a total front well and I don't think I'd like to go to the Mexico said last week it's long overdue that we started the criminalizing drugs and dealing with this as a health problem not a criminal problem just a little bit when civilized country and I think when the American people wake up to that fact and hopefully will either elect people like a Jesse Bintour or someone who who have the Elise common sense which is never the rule of thumb in Washington common sense is they hey this is ridiculous and I'm not saying the Colombians are corrupt but there is a tremendous amount of corruption on the higher levels so this kind of money doesn't trickle down the words supposed to go it just is wasted money wasted tax money and it's you know I just I saw her on the CNN 10 minutes ago I thought you know I got to call and say something I insist this ridiculous we have to wake up in this country okay everything thank you to what what are you battling about Colombians are corrupt he said he didn't want to say the Colombians are corrupt yeah don't I Colombians are corrupt well so we know what that's the point I mean there you go pick it up more Hispanics again anybody but the Cubans okay thank you I know corrupt Cuban's here let's pick on a Cubans they've the Colombians alone okay they can help it there ugly oh here's the facts from Algo's the entonist he's gonna be in town you know we don't care about that we like you know but we don't care you're not you're not as important as you think you are all we do love that apartment and Amsterdam we never would go there clean it up a little bit maybe we'll go there sometime get that toilet the awkward up there what a mess what a slob here's pepper pie in yellow Neil yes sir oh I'm gonna have a chance to talk to you today this happened to be a Cuban that came year in 1972 and I can't really say be you at America because that's what I am I am an American right I will let me tell you know it is a lot being going on about his group band band and that a lot of people call you show and personally I'm not the one that is gonna go to demonstrate anything at all but I'm in theory before I came to this country you happen to be 23 years old I spent in half years in jail in Cuba yeah I'm only time was being the son of my father which spent 17 years in jail uh just what he said we in with a regime right they only claimed that he ever committed there was this agreeing with the regime of Castro right I guess that anybody that went to that he's entitled to go on that most rate also I didn't but I think that everybody's entitled to their own opinion I didn't anybody that anybody and they're first of all you're supposed to have a permit to demonstrate that's number one and number two and under any circumstances with the without a permit you're not entitled to to spit at people to throw rocks and bottles and batteries at people and try to intimidate them that has nothing to do with the freedom here and the very kind of same that the very kind of repressed