Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Continental called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or held 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-ween acquisitions or the Beesley-Broadcast booth. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560, you 8-ounce, What a success it's thanks to Miami-Towners! Have five to so, WQAM! Do you or your family suffer from things? The makers of Zyfan want you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things. Zyfan, when are the Department of Health for Stee just long-estlist of side effects or work for two years in the world? Zyfan, talk to your doctor today. Some swine the brain in the Thin Sunrisement of various glands and that same always why to get history of temptations and claims of low-custom associated with the use of Zyfan. Other possible scientific secret lines, Disney's loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key striking of a hair. A version of swing music zombies and night sweats talking like Roger E.R.K.S. It's your organization's clothing head and the gown. Some patients have reported blurred vision for a new talking Oscar and saying the phrase, Good to go, not news, broken bones, monkey eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bones, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, liver, bone, eye, bone, eye, bone, bone, That's only a few days after that Browsky was on her tune out a little dog by the way about how well we're responsible for her. But he wants to go see their crappy team. How do you like that? But anyway, speaking of whatever the hell they were just plugging on there that the phone he drugged, I'm going to find a good doctor today, you know? Not that I'm sicker when you think that I have anything unusual, little pain in the neck, but nothing major. But I need to find a real doctor. George has been nudging me this morning. I think he's right after all these years. Wouldn't it be nice if I found like a real doctor? Like somewhere up there in a plantation area, there must be a real doctor somewhere up there who's like around, you know, who's got like a real office and a secretary who answers the phone and makes real appointments. And I don't know why you're laughing. It's the truth. I've been on this endless search. I've been here for 175 years in this town. I had a, you know, Israeli pill doctor, whoever time I had a sniffle would go, oh, I've been taking another EKG because he was hoping something was wrong with my heart. Then I had that guy at the clinic over there. Another pill doctor, a pill pusher, can't find a real doctor when it's down. Then I got my new doctor called here on Friday, a car my new for like several years now. It was a very nice guy with a bad haircut, but nevertheless a nice guy, but he's unreachable number one and number two, you know, what does he do when you come right down to it? I need somebody tangible, somebody close to where I live. Like a doctor, a real goddamn honest to God, doctor. So anyway, I get in back and I don't want to dwell on this more than what, four or five more hours. But I find out yesterday, I don't want to say who told me that my mother told me because I don't want to create any rift in my family, you know, between the sisters. Find out that my wealthy aunt who lives in Hellendale and I'm not from New England, so I don't say aunt. My wealthy aunt in Hellendale was very distressed and offended by my comrade yesterday. Well, that's too bad, okay, because they guess rich people feel that if you have a lot of money, we're supposed to respect you. That makes you very important, okay, the idle rich. And I also find it very ironic because this is a woman who never met a Republican she didn't like because when you have a lot of money, you tend to like more Republican because they're good for people who have a lot of money. So if I offended my aunt in Hellendale or anybody else that last two days in my comment, tough crap is what I say, okay, to bad. And then having watched that second part on PBS, which I'm sure maybe five of us did last night between 10 of midnight on the Kennedy's, that only reinforced even more. By the way, they found the body and they have a big chuck at a plane and he's in there and the other to the besets, they haven't found yet, okay, but of course there's small potatoes because they're not the real thing. So they have found the body and guess what he's still dead. But if you watch that piece on public television last night, it only reinforced what I've said. There were three brothers. I mean, how many geniuses are you going to have in a same family? How many of the sires can you have in the same family? Especially when it was all started by the corrupt old the bastard. And yeah, if it's really interesting to watch this stuff, even the liability, no it, but to see it again on full before you rise in the documentary, which I think was done very fairly and very evenly and without, you know, sucking up to anybody. And the old man with his anti-human hateful, bigoted corrupt right wing mentality and how they evolved and how the sons moved off in a totally diametrically opposed position and how JFK who started totally in different being raised, you know, a blue blood blue nose with all the money, how toward the end of his life became interested in civil rights and then how Bobby really picked it up and after Martin Luther King died for those future weeks that Bobby Kennedy was still alive, he was the last great hope. So instead of like the guy that called me yesterday and gave me a big song to the answer about the three years of his life that were the only three years that counted. June 6, 1968, that was the end. That was the finito for idealistic Americans. That was the point at which we understood that forces control this government in this country that who are not going to take no for an answer. In other words, if you screw with them, they're going to screw you back and that's the end of it. And no matter how many hundreds of thousands of burnt out, drugged out hippies, ran up there to Woodstock, 30 years ago, are going to go up there this year, including Woody Graber, it's not going to change anything. They had a great time, they did a lot of drugs, got laid a lot and we're rolling around in the mud and fine. You know, no problem with that. But did it change anything? No. Was it going to change anything? No. If Bobby Kennedy would have lived, it would have changed a lot because he certainly would have won the nomination and he certainly would have beaten Nixon because Humphrey almost beat him as it turned out and he only disinsured himself from the Johnson policy on Vietnam just weeks before the election, just a little bit too late and still almost won. So there's no question that Bobby Kennedy would have won it election and of course then we would have pulled out of Vietnam and would have chanted that we would never wear a hat Nixon, we wouldn't have had watergate. So if you're talking about cynicism, it was really not the assassination of John Kennedy that was responsible for all of it. That was the beginning. But June 6, 1968, if you want to live in the past, which you can, that was the end. That was the final blow. That was the point at which the underlings, the underdogs, the small people in America lost whatever voice they were hoping to get. And now here we are and then you have to do the best to can. You can't live in the past. You can't keep wallowing in the memory of what you thought was going to be or should have been or hoped for it to be because it didn't. I find people who live in an end, and I don't want to get off on that tangent. Let me just say it again. Well I saw last night and believe me, I was choked up and brings tears to my eyes because that was a big, big admirer of the president of Bobby Kennedy and of Ted Kennedy, even his screwed up as his life has been and the drinking and the chap of Quittac and all the other stuff. But there were those three. There are no other great white hope in the Kennedy family. Okay, that's the end. That's the end of the line. And it really reinforced to me that everything I've said last two days was... Absolutely correct. Right. Because John Kennedy Jr. had none of the qualities of any of the three of them. He didn't look like them. He didn't talk like them. He didn't bring forward the ideals. The idea is that Bobby Kennedy was 42 years old. He was assassinated. His brother was 46 years old after three years in a white house. Here's a young man who was 38 years old. Who's not known for anything political except the glutezy magazine. I see there are a bunch of letters in the paper today and it letters to the editor in the hereled. Some say it's too much coverage of JFK tragedy and they got, you know, mixed bags, some say one thing, some say the other. It's all over. There did. It was a tragedy was an accident. He was not going to be the next great white hope. He was not going to be the president. He wasn't going to be son, other one of the great Kennedy's and for those people who love the Kennedy's and of course they're millions who hate him. And that's it. So if there are people out there offended by the fact that I said that is opposed to suck it around like everybody else has with this incestion. And it's still going on right now. So I got it. Oh, the way from the US has crashed. Oh, my god. I mean, we're talking crazy people. This isn't one of the great tragedies of our time. This isn't a significant event in my life. They're really good people who died tragically very young. People who have accomplished great things and if they would have been around longer would have accomplished even more great things. He wasn't one of them. In the fact that there's some very sad people out there living the past who only was some kind of a symbol and I really have no idea why get with it, get a life, get with the program, get out of that time tunnel already and come to the almost 21st century now. Okay. Christ. Oh, you're a bad guy. Yeah, my aunt was upset. She went well too. She was freaking bad. Okay. Are you in your will? Right. Me, of course not. I'll just go off here and I'll never upset you again. Okay, sweetheart. Can say how to big max for me to while you're at it. To show my your hands and knees and lick my boots. Long country and Huzima, Megma, Zubarita, the ridership. They can all be a triveness as a harmful effective smoking figure. Hello, I'm William Talon. I have to remember that Hamilton burgers. That's very nice. And now I'm dead. So take it from me. Get the habit and you won't wind up like I do. Don't smoke and you'll never die. Ever. It's message paid for by the Nullit and Dan Thysmoking to many more jolly. Damn it. Hey, anybody got a life? 1015 at 560 WCM. So I already got a couple of doctors numbers here. That's my project for the day. Find a real doctor up. You're somewhere in the plantation area. Somebody that can actually go to. Somebody who can take blood test like you know on a fairly regular basis. I realize they're not going to come down here like Dr. Mark and they're wandering here. We're going to make a big radio a production out of it. I'm not looking for that. I'm looking for somebody that I can go somewhere and like get a hold of somebody and do something. That's what I'm looking for. But nevertheless. Speaking of that. Read my newspaper this morning. Here's good news for all you diabetic out there. Study says alcohol. Good for diabetic. Moderate drinking is good and see how to understand this. Because being a non-boost person being I've been diabetic for like 12, 13, 14 years whatever this. And so I wouldn't even think of drinking good and this why I don't like it anyway. What's the point? See I've never been able to understand that. All you guys up there that are checking all that beer down. Don't tell me you like the taste of beer. Please don't tell me that. That's your sketch of drunk. Give it to your guys who will tell you they like to taste the beer. And additionally which I don't want to get drunk. Although after doing this show many days probably just as well that I never got into drinking big time. Anyway it says that a study out of Chicago moderate drinking is good for diabetes, hearts in the same way it's healthy for other people according to a new study. Every time you turn around here's another new study. And of course then you start doing whatever the new study says. And about six months later it says, oh, you better not be doing that because we found out a newer study says it wasn't such a good idea and you're going to croak. In the 12 year study diabetics who had one or two drinks daily were up to 80% less likely to die of heart disease than diabetics who did not drink said researchers led by Dr. Charles T. Valmadrid. Of the University of Wisconsin Medicine Medical School. Previous studies have found that among non-diabetics, moderate drinking reduces the risk of heart disease by 20 to 60%. The study is reported in the urinal of the American Medical Association. Dr. Bruce Zimmerman, president of the American Diabetes Association. And how do you say that? And we're chronologists at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. And there have been able to say that. Do I say that right? Endocrinologist. Just as in sound right to me. I mean I can say it. I just every time I say it. It's one of those words you see in print and you know what it is but you can't say it because it doesn't sound right. At the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. So the findings support the Association's position that precautions regarding alcohol used at a plant of the general public also apply to diabetics. How do you like that? It says moderate drinking appears a while away. Alcohol hinders the liver's ability to deliver sugar to the bloodstream. So doctors have been concerned that drinking might throw the diabetics blood sugar insulin balance off. But moderate drinking appears to improve blood sugar balance by reducing insulin resistance. A problem and adult onset diabetics was bodies make insulin but doesn't use it properly. I was having a rate. All 983 subjects in the study had adult onset diabetes or type 2 which it comes for 90% of cases. The researchers studied older diabetics because alcohol's heart benefits in previous studies have been found only in people older than 40. So if you're over 40 like I am, you type 2 diabetics like I am. I'm quite drinking. But it says alcohol. And I was asking Georgia of course is an expert on all kinds of intoxics might altering substances. And he said, well, but I beat, but I won't. But I bought a bite and say a guy dancing. A wine. See the problem with wine is that wine is loaded with fruit sugar. I mean you certainly can't sit down and drink mug and David and manage everything because that loaded with fruit sugar and is going to send your blood sugar rising no matter what this study says. Maybe a couple of Tom Collins would be nice. That's a nice swishy drink. What's wrong with that? Of course that's also got sugar in it doesn't it? Can't do that. How about some scotch? No seriously it's good because the Kennedy is getting money every time you buy a bottle of scotch we found that yesterday. Huh? He's not going to buy crap anyway. But why not get it over with? It's like taking confidence and it tastes bad but it's good for you. And it gives you an opportunity to get that winceing look at it. Like, yeah, it's bad. I look on your face. You know what I'm talking about? Just before you head to the bull. And you will quick-time green it. So there you go. I think I'm going to take up a little bit of boozing now which is good because when you're in this business I don't know too many people who don't want booze sounds in this business anyway. Here's the call from David. Hello. Hi, no. Yes sir. I know you're sitting down. I was driving on I know you five yesterday. Yeah. What's found in Hollywood? Yes. And there's his giant flag in the parking lot of David Busters. It's a giant American flag and it's flying at half staff. Yeah. So I called him and I asked him why is that flag flying at half staff. Uh-huh. They said, oh it's because of the Kennedy. I couldn't believe it. Now I asked him why. What would mean you couldn't believe it? There are people who are wrapped up in this crap like I told you who are all emotional about this. When I asked him, well, what's his significant threat? He's a president son. No. I just couldn't believe it. Anyways, that's what he said to you. He's a former president son. Yeah. Now that it was amazing. I don't get it. I'm just mystified. And I'll tell you the coverage that what they're doing now. I don't care if anybody agrees with me or not. I wasn't born yesterday. This thing that they're doing now is so morbid that it transcends my ability to describe it. You know what I'm saying? Right. It's in such poor taste. And it's such overkill if you part of that expression. That it's a sign of neurosis. I really think that these people are mentally ill. Yeah. I think Rick's answer is going to talk about Rick's answer. The talk about CNN. I'm talking about the networks. I'm talking about every goddamn news outlet in the universe in his country is hyperventilating on this. If we just had more of the major invention of history of the human-frican race. Well, you know that all ordering frogs who's right now. Yeah. I tried to test that shit that you were talking about. I looked at my TV guide at 10 o'clock. I didn't see anything on TV. But of course it wasn't because they preempted whatever we're supposed to be on. I was a special. Why didn't you instead of looking at the TV guide just turned on TV yet? Yeah. Well, I went. What guided? Anyway. Thanks Neil. Okay. I have a great day. Forget about the TV guide. Thanks ahead. The TV guide is printed weeks and weeks and weeks ahead. Just a dude had amazing things and flip over to channel two or whatever if you're up there in Palm Beach 29, whatever it's on. And how are you going to look at that? There it is. It's there. And he did miss a good show. By the way, we would have had a stay-up till midnight like I did. Very gut wrenching. He brings back a lot of memories, a lot of emotions. But it's got nothing to do with this guy. It has nothing to do with him. None. Zero. He's a deputy-duda. All it does like I said is reinforced the fact that he was not a not in his league. He wasn't even in the same ballpark. He was in the same universe with those three brothers. Whether you like him or hate him or are indifferent or whatever, which is unlikely by the Indian and different. By the way, bad news. Referend to Montseille's tax okay. The judge said yesterday. The referee end point. They are one in ads on your local TV like crazy. Run and ads to promote the penny sales tax show and all the traffic all bottled up. Oh, Dave County is the third worst in America. The traffic is so congested. You're going to be gagging and choking and dying from pollutants. And all the other crap that talking about week from tomorrow. The clock is running baby. Time is running out. A week from tomorrow. Is this bogus election on the penny sales tax? No. That's the word to keep in mind. No. And then right next to the article about how the judge said that the wording when a ballot is okay and it's not misleading the voters. So it's still going to be out of balance. Which is fine with me. I mean, might as well get it over with anyway. Right next to this is an article that says, Floridadale might make pitch for new ballpark. And and like I said this morning, I noticed that Joe Rose and Beethel are in there like sucking up. I mean, what's gone on here? What has transpired in the last few days that all of a sudden they're talking about, oh yeah, there's a good reason to go out to the ballpark and we're giving away Marlon tickets. Sounds really fishy to me. You know, we still got those lawsuits going worse to win them and they're still going us back and forth. But how are all of a sudden guys that have been telling it like it is? Are on their showing today for, you know, and go out there and subsidize a piece of crap, a bunch of garbage. They're slapping you in the face, but this thing for a lottery, I'll make a pitch for a new ballpark. This just makes me want to up chuck everything about it. The idea that the public would pay one penny for this and where they want to put it again. Downtown Fort Laterdale. Can you know, I'm one of those people. Unless I'm going to Ruth Chris and this is the honest goodness, too. Unless I'm going to Ruth Chris, I can't think of any other place that I go. East of I-95 in Fort Laterdale ever ever. Even East of Fort Laterdale. Even East of Fort Laterdale. Ever. Because it's impossible. It's hopeless. And this area there, looking at 15 or 16 acres is, but West of City Hall, 100, which is at 100 North Andrews Avenue. Can you tell me a quick way to get there? Can you tell me any way to get there unless you're coming in by helicopter? Fort talking crazy people. And like I said yesterday, the huts of these sports nerds who think that everybody else, including me, which I happen to be a sports fan, although baseball can take a flying crap for all I care. But the idea that all arrest of us who live in Broward are going to orientate are going to subsidize this so they can go and have their fun because they have the lives. Scrawia, if you want it, you pay for it. Why can't they put a goddamn tax on the tickets? Yeah, there you go. Put a tax on the tickets. They're always talking about what a bargain is to go see a Marlon game. Well put a surtext. Five bucks or seven. Whatever it is on every ticket so that the people who go to the games and want to have a baseball team here, let them pay for a new stadium. And all the taxpayers, the rest of us who say, who would we couldn't give a flying crap less, we don't have to get soaked again. So that a bunch of abored people if you were out there and dittled with themselves at a super baseball game. That's the way to do it. Let the people who want to go, let them pay for it. Or gee, you want to lose the Marlon? Couldn't care less. There's not a bigger hockey fan in this town. And yet when Wayne was blackmailing the people here and kept telling us three years ago that we were going to lose the Panthers, you know something, pack them a sandwich, okay. My life will go on. I'll go up there a few times a year to Toronto and see a real hockey town. You know where the people really are fans in a real building. Oh, they got that new synthetic one, but nevertheless, life will go on. I got my two satellite dishes. I'll watch all the hockey games I wanted in the comfort of my living room. On my new hatachi, why would you buy the way the picture is great? I think the guy would call yesterday and also let Friday to give me also a comic. You're wrong pal. I got that thing fine tune in the Justin. He had touch the other vision. I think now is better than the XPR. How do you like that? Can't have one. Why do we get a banana? I'll have whatever the hell I want to have, okay? You asshole? Why do I just love to watch the way these people operate? Okay, corkies from Pembert Pines sends over like tons and tons of food just now. Which of course my mother's making lunch later on. But they've been ever less that's okay. So I have this for breakfast. Totally unannounced, totally unexpected. And also our good close friend, what's his name? Al? What? What I just said. Our close friend, Al from next brings in our Pradoomo squared. A box of these beautiful stogies. Look at that. Oh man. The intelligent choice it says. For a real good fast tumor. Thanks, Al. So we got a banana. All of a sudden. And of course we had almost every line lit up. And as soon as we went into the break. And you know, I realize it's the 21st of July, okay? Don't try to tell me that your lives are low. So filled with so much activity now that people aren't holding on. Every time we go into a break now. What I've seen this week would nothing make you want to sit down and cry. So anyway, corkies, restaurant and caterers, they want you to know that they deliver. It says, I heard you like the bokeh burger and I think you like this as well. Or maybe better. What do you know? The veggie burger. And this is from Seymour, Paleo, the owner of corkies in Pembrac Pines at the corner of Pamanjansan. And they do have delivery by the way. They want you to know that. I said, sure. I'll say that. If you bring us a lot of free food like this, I'll say anything you want. And it was great little potato monkeys, which are the best in the world. Which of course I can't have, but I will anyway. And look at that. All kinds of sandwiches. Is that the veggie burger? Well, I can't have the bread, though. What is it? No, we have to take it off in the bread too. Five, six, seven. We had 400 lines live up here before. And all of a sudden they're like a plan hard to get a, sure I've even started yet today in your all runnin. Maniacs. What? What? Eight without the bread. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Two things. Remember, that person that was giving you a hard time yesterday just remind her that. Who's that? Uh, uh, uh. Who would give me a hard time? Oh, that person that you said a relative of yours. Oh, she didn't talk to me directly. She didn't tell my mother. Oh, she didn't give me any hard time. She's not going to call me up. Well, we still hear the dial tone. So, if as you want to know what hit her, she's not living in any of that 40 million dollars. Two things. You know, you remind that person that next, with Charles Lindberg, Joe Kennedy's senior was an American first her. And second. Second. And second. Never met a not the eating love. And second, we minored that Joe Kennedy Junior had a couple of both stage, uh, ships station up the coast of Ireland, uh, refueling German submarines. Very little known back here. Oh, right. Yeah. So, just, remind her of that. Yeah, I just, I just don't get it. I mean, where does this woman come off, especially somebody who's voted Republican most of her life? All of a sudden getting met under him. See, like I said before, the idle rich, they think that everybody's going to let him on. He was supposed to admire them and fall down and roll over in the caracari on like crazy because they're royalty, you know? All I say, Neil, before I let you go, is show me one person that this kid changed his life into a positive way. Exactly. I can't do it. I mean, not even his brother. I'm nearly there. There's a stupid article by some dark complex that bitch and one of the papers this morning about how she grew up with JFK Junior because her mother used to buy all the tabloids and he was on all of tabloids. It's the same thing with Diana, who would you want you to do about nothing? That's a history teacher. His father, even too much here as a president either. About 95% of the laws that he tried to pass to Congress were turned down. Yeah, and Johnson got the silver right. And then he came to redneck from Texas. And he doesn't. Johnson doesn't get much. Well, that's why I said the real great tragedy was on June 6th of 68 when Bobby Kennedy got assassinated because he was the one last great hope. He was the one who really went into the get-oes and saw the poverty and you know, and that was the miraculous part of it is because he came from this wealthy privileged corrupt family and yet Bobby Kennedy was the one who was able to reach out at touch the poor people and the people who had no voice. And you know, and that did last like a matter of months. That was the end of it. I mean, people forgot that that Kennedy killed Mary Joke of technique and Chuck McLeodick. Well, no, people didn't forget that, but he's still for me. He's still a best senator we got today. I mean, you're not going to give me the knock-tab. His personal life is in disaster, but in terms of politics, Ted Kennedy is a great man. Well, he and I'm going to meet Patrick Moynihan from New York. Yeah. They're going to try to put this lady there. Put the light on the back of the carpet bag or, right? Like so, Bobby Kennedy was a carpet bag or two only. At some ideas, which he doesn't have a great thacer. How about going back to you? I mean, so, you know, Mary Joke is still there. All the stuff happens in the water. The Kennedy's had this thing with the water. They grew up there on Cape Cog, you know, and Palm Beach, you're right there on the water. And a water problem. People kept showing up in the water all the time. You know, they can girdling sounds. What is that? And I see don't be sniffing the meat. You're going to bite into it, bite into it. But that's my philosophy. Don't sniff it before you bite into it. Oh, yeah. I'll have one of those. Let me have one of those. Let me have your pickle. What a beautiful spread from our good friends. And this is just a little appetizer. I want you to get panicky, okay? Especially now that I'm looking for a real doctor. Five, six. What are you laughing about? I'm looking for a real doctor that has a real office that has a real secretary that makes real appointments. That takes real blood test. That does something tangible. That's what I need, okay? Just in case. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one. You're being called in there, okay? So we don't. Here's a Davie. Hello. Good morning, Uncle. Yes, sir. Yes, I want to go. I called you and we're talking about religion. Shouldn't it be a little bit? Mm-hmm. And you mentioned to me that you really couldn't believe that there are so many people out there that actually bought into this religious book. Okay, I still can't believe it. But seriously, I got this review. I was like, think they are that stupid and delusional. And they really do believe this stuff. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you're right. Okay, that's all I wanted to say. Well, wait a minute. Before you go on, let me just say this to you. All right. I don't know if you ever watched your MTV or much music in it. If you ever scan, you know, our channel serving. Yeah. And you see all these ads. I don't want an oxytro Griffin. She's a nice lady and she's our good friend on the whole of Power 96. But the psychic crap and the tarot card readers and all the, do you ever have any idea how much money those people are making? And the same thing with these religious people that, you know, they get on there. And they want you to send them their money for, you know, to say a prayer for you, you know, and they make millions of dollars off of it. And people actually buy it. Oh, I believe it. And I'd say if I could have a dime for every stupid person on this planet, you've never seen me again. Hey, there's this, there's this channel. I don't know what the name of the channel is. But the jurist is this religious lady. She's got a blonde hair and it's like 10,000 feet tall. And she's got like, woman's got a lot of them. And Tammy's a baker. You mean the Jan Crotch? That must be her name. She's like, so silly looking. Yeah. I can't believe people actually watch this. And they're sending the money hand over lymph wristmen. Exactly. Okay, I have a great thing. Take a good look to us. Even the lame duck biscuit there is, you know, there's another example for you. I'll tell you one thing. That record wouldn't have sold five copies if he didn't at first of all, the name of it wasn't looking number one. And number two, if they didn't say stick it up your, you don't even say it. That's the best part because this is America. So God forbid, they should really say, on the record. They don't say it. No, they don't say that. If you listen to the, because he says stick it up your and the crowd is going, if you got it, get it out. Not right now. I'll give you time. I got to do the break. I got the, I had to believe some of it. But I'm talking about you. You don't have to believe any of the stuff they plan MTV. You want here any of the words on there. Like you will in Europe or in real countries, would I actually have, you know. Okay, stand by. And by the way, look at us. Just for shh, but I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. And I'm out. But anyway, that is in May 10, 44, 5, 60, WQAM. Well, we sure attracted a hell of a crowd for lunch today, didn't we? We got Christian Christian here, my two best-closed personal friends. Even JC had psychic vibes, he showed up today for lunch. Tommy sit in there, he was shoveling stuff. He doesn't even know what he's gotten as mouth. And he still says it's pretty good. So it must have been a Freudian slip you called him, JC. But I call him, JC. Well, that's my close friend over there at the Canada, my close personal friend. Oh, I got all kinds of stuff going on, man. Not a, well, not a good chance to do with anything meaningful, but nevertheless, Kill some good time. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, I think it's a conspiracy. I think the dog done it is what I think. I think he'll be Clinton. I mean, we're always hearing that stuff off the internet, you know, about how the Clinton's have killed all these 40 or 50 or 60 or 200 or 300 or 400 people. Maybe they had some of the do it because they were paranoid that JFK Junior was all his fantastic qualifications and his great political skills that he was going to run for a Center for New York, right? There you go. In fact, I say, let's bring back Ken Star. Here's Boca, hello. I need to help me make sense of what's going on in these universities. I'm a student at Bayou. Yes. And when you got a date football coach there, more than go. Yeah, great football coach. That's fantastic. I'm a bit angry that the systems that run these universities and not just universities, but I'm going to complain about the universities. All right, hey, RIPM and ASSMAN. I have to say my fees on time otherwise I don't get into class. Just to make it real quick, I got to class today in the morning, parking detail, you know, the police station that was open to late in the morning. I get a ticket. I appeal it. I don't know if I can go over paid for my classes this semester. Just to make sure I'm there. And they take out the $25 for that ticket, which I was appealing before I even get a kind of finalization on the ticket itself. Well, I go to complain to, hey, how can you take this money out of my account? It's my money that you're spending freely as you will. And they say to me, well, when you sign up, when you sign your name to 10 to 10, you sign a report on the public sector, that gives us the right to spend the money that we get back to you and anything that you owe. And I've got a big problem with that because they're not paying me the money. I'm paying you the money to attend. It's not like a mind-financial wage, which I don't understand how the hell I don't get it. But it just upset me. They were to say it's beginning of your college career or a college attendant so that you need to write down your bank of number. on your bank number. I don't want to minimize your dilemma, but the fact is that the audience is going into a coma. You understand what I'm saying? I'm saying I haven't launched a listening very patiently. I understand your frustration. But what's the bottom line of this? What are we supposed to do? The bottom line is we have no say. They spend your money freely where you have no say what to do. I apologize for boring you. And I'm not that I'm on sympathetic, but you understand that I have a job here trying to keep this down a week, which is very difficult. Right. I'm like interesting stuff. Right. All right, you know, thanks. I want to vent my anger. Okay. Like I said, carbon-ass and good luck to you. Five, six, seven, anybody said? No. Okay, come on. An interesting one. How are you? Shnullan burgers at FAU. And then I read a stupid letter to the editor in a paper, the other day, which I wish I would have a clip it out from some dumb bitch out there. Oh, isn't it great? There's only a small, it'll only be a short time before FAU becomes national champions. Yeah. As if number one I would make any difference. But number two, is this, is this woman on drug? Yeah. That was that's all about. Is she hallucinating? Yeah. Because this asshole with a mustache, who knows only one thing, other one, dimensional schmuck. So I'm going to tell you something. You professional sports people. You need serious help. You need the same kind of help, but they need in the God them news media that are hyperventilating over this much. You do about nothing, guys, that died in a plane crash. Well, that's the way it goes. Crap happens. Really good people. People at WORDBORM with a silver spoon in there. Correct. I owe the time and plane crashes. And nobody takes what is it? Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Freaking Wednesday, five, fricking days later. And they're still hyperventilating about it. There still haven't an nervous crap about it. Oh, and they found a biggest chunk in a plane this morning. And his body was in there and he still dead. And the set women they haven't found them yet. And they sleep with the fish. Yeah. And Seriously, you people in the media, I don't give a crap whether anybody agrees with me because I know it. If there's anything I know in the world, you people are sick. You're crazy. You're out of your rockers. You're the reason the American American is running around their goal. Eee! You have a goddamn picnic in heat. That's the reason we got so many morons running around in this country. Go and Eee! Which I love that by the way. Don't stop doing it. Eee! Five, six. And listen, it's great being surrounded by morons. Then you feel better about yourself. God, I'm a fricking genius. I'm not so smart. You know? But I'm a genius. Compare the average pus that's running around on a loose out there. If I could just find a damn doctor now. You know, when that has left a real secretary who answers the phone, I don't want to start making it a big story of a dance about my friend Dr. Mark. But he's busy. He don't have time for a doctor. He's busy being political. He's got the union and he's got his bandies. I'll listen to all these other things. You know? I like when I do business, I can call a number. Somebody actually answers. You know, like, can I help you? Would you like to make an appointment? Are you dying? You know, it's that he heard like a five minute speech given me his holes in philosophy about life. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How do you like part two, Neil? Great. You missed part one. That was even better. Yeah. We have a that would have been too depressing of all the thing about the old man. Yeah. How many know all about the old man? What a pretty was. Did you get the 100 number? I left you yesterday for order of the video. Yeah. What is it again? You got it? 1,800, 3,28. I believe it's 7,271. No, but don't. George has got it. He wrote it down. Don't give one out that you believe it. Is that it? All right. Yes. 3,287,271. 1,800 is called the American Experience. Right. Get it. Right. And it's, uh, I don't think it's one whole tape is two tapes. Okay. And I mean, it's wonderful. I mean, you know, it tells the truth. Okay. It does. It doesn't kill the lily and it doesn't romanticize anybody. It tells the good and the bad and everything in between. You just stay she keeps narrated. It's, I mean, very well. Well, that's been to this for me, then. I mean, it's almost as good as Peter Graves doing it. Guess what? Yeah. I bet you they'll stop searching now that they found the Jeff. No, no. I'm not a matter of fact, they're not there. They're still exhaustively searching for the other two bodies because they want to make it look good now. Oh, of course. The one. There won't find them. Okay, pal. See you later. See you. I wonder if they did this on purpose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I mean, it's just, it's just lunacy. And anybody who, who endorses this crap, anybody who's getting sucked into this stuff, you need mental health, man. Just like the people in the media. You need a freaking life. You need a search party. They should take this Coast Guard search party. And instead of searcher for any more bodies, they should help some of you people find a life. Christ. Oh, John John. What are we going to do about John John? He's dead, okay. It's very sad. He's dead. He never stole a freight train. He never drove anybody off of bridge that we found out about anyway. And that's ready, said. People buy every day. Good people, crappy people in between people. Not so rich people, not so famous people. People who didn't have their own magazine. People who never make it on the cover of the tabloids. They die every stinking God damn day. And how can I be talking about this again today? I can't believe it. How can they, and how can they still be doing this stuff today? I'd rather watch that lymphedic biscuit video and I'd rather die than ever see that again. So it, they don't say ass. They say, ah, they make the sound like they're going to say ass. But they don't have the balls to say ass because this is America. Let's say every other word in that thing. It's okay for all those kids watching MTV to be out there getting all the ass. They want that's okay. But to say it, that's another story. God forbid, they should say, he's an asshole. Oh my God. In fact, TRL. And this is the best part. You know, that's tape. You do understand, oh, speaking of the Kennedy thing. That show is on live. It's live at about 4 or 4 30 in the afternoon. Okay, TRL for the first time you see it. And then they tape it and they run to 8 9, whatever they feel like it. And they have kind of any regular schedule on MTV because a lot of the reviewers are regular. So the guy, not, uh, I can never think of the guy's name that narrates. He's okay. Carson, I can never think of his name. Not him, but the other nerd they have on with him. Is that who it is Matt? So he's on there and he's talking about it. It's just totally inane. It has nothing to do with anything. And he brings in a story about well. Of course, everybody's preoccupied with a thing about John Kennedy Jr. and his wife Carolyn and her sister. And and he says, this is at 4 o'clock yesterday. He says, and of course, the search continues and we're still hoping for the best. Now, I realize that you people have MTV are exactly appealing to rocket scientists. Okay, even though I do watch it a lot because I like naked teenagers. But nevertheless, there's still, there's still hoping on 2v4 o'clock for people who went under Friday night at about 10 o'clock at night. This is what you get on the MTV. But anyway, they were shown a segment interview with what's his name. I don't even know what the guy's name is from a sugar ray. Carlos would know. You know, the real schmutz you looking guy that I thought that they airbrushed real good and rolling stone in one day looked really good. But he's a real schmutz back. It's not a mark, the grass. So they're interviewing him and his trailer, I guess. And he does look like trailer trash anyway. And he's talking about like, X-Retury stuff about taking a crap in it. And all of a sudden, you see, Carson, I know that's the end of that. And none of the, and then they showed it again last night anyway. So who are you kidding, Carson? Huh, who are you guys kidding? It's on tape and they still showed it again. You've phony bastard. I'm telling you, it's just a matter of time before they start that jerk off our 10 o'clock every night on the MTV. It's coming. So the speak. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Miramar, hello. Yeah, Neil. You've got a perfect explanation for all this hoopla over this one. All of these things, yes. It's the American F in way. Yeah. And it's going to be a good part for Leonardo's Caprio to play. So Leo, the Caprio is JFK Jr. Yeah, why not? Yeah, right. And if he did a play, it's funny, Coroni, only why not? Hey, hey, he could do anything, right? I say Leo, the Caprio is Joe Kennedy is the old man. Maybe. Just put on a pair of old glasses and there you go. Be good, thank for him. Uh huh. Yeah, he's out of this world. First change. Um, I just want to call somebody to do a spag? Yes, sir. Frankie, you missed work today, but you're a real douchebag, a weird Walgreens. Okay. Thank you. See you. Not as big a douchebag as Chris Reed though. Well, you know, Greg's out of town. Somebody's got to run the joint. Somebody's got to boss everybody around here. You know, why not Chris? oh One soap. Listen to the sounds Oh,�도b מ you think you've never been a dope genius? I if f- Mo bah You a- goodタ- Okay, the whole time fly? The five-work of the cheapest crappy plane that blows. A bunny that I had to copy. Oh, me. Where's that? Oh, me. Now, let's see those in one that's a nice few days. From what they called again on each other? If Dorothy killed Gannon for the last few days, you can hear a pit-solving gun at the gate for... ...and the few days down the downtown spa hall. Oh, no, it's louder, louder, louder. Who's the one who's the best out of the downtown spa hall in the day? Oh, no. That's a good one. That's a good one. You want to know what the most casual things you've ever heard in my life. You know, it's, uh, remind me next time I play it, that it was bad to do it. It's 11-a-1 at 5-60WKOM. We have about 20-30 open lines today. If you want to participate, if not that's okay too. Thanks to corkeys again for a great lunch today. We got the veggie burgers. We got potato locties. We got corn beef, which I haven't indulged in, because I don't want to overdo this, because then mom will get all upset. And I'd sure don't want to do that. Was really nice and pink, too. It was nice and pink. Oh, it's always good, but it's nice and pink, and the corn beef, too, by the way. 5-670560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't like mine too, right? You know what I'm saying? Nice shade of pink is good. Here's plantation, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a doctor for you. He's not a pill for sure. Dr. Morris Epstein. Well, don't go giving me, we don't want to start plugging doctors on the air. We want to plug Dr. Morris Epstein on the air. I always sounds very Jewish to me. He's five minutes from you. He's off guard, Boulevard Cross from West Side Regional. Yeah, but then I see. I want a doctor who has some ID who I am. You know what I'm saying? He's very good doctor. I'll see you all who I am. I don't know. I'm sure he's coming from you. But anyway, and also yes, you're talking about paw prints. Yeah. Do you remember Rosie Rosewell? Yeah, but see, when you start talking about this, anybody out of the age of 100 is out of the loop on the conversation. I remember only 60. Right. But anyway, I'll Rosie Rosewell. I'll box prints follow Rosie Rosewell. Bob Prince was much better than Rosewell. Open your window in many areas. Okay, Neil. Okay, Neil. Have a great day. Thanks to say how to Dr. Epstein. All the other Jewish doctors and Broward. I just need one. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60. Town five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. I'm going to you. Yes, sir. Everyone's imaging it. I got the perfect story. I know what happened in John John. Yeah. Good. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Yes. I'm calling from Miami. Uh-huh. That's what I just said. Here's a lady in Miami. All I hear are drilling and song and puking sounds into my feet from the construction workers. Go ahead. I'm just very disappointed in your show this morning about how you refer to John F. K. And why is that? How because I think that you should be a little more compassionate. There's one woman that walks too children. There's another sister that walks her only relative to the living. Yeah. And I find it very insensitive and very rude that this is the way you're carrying on. And that's what I want. What are there in our family? What is that? And I said that we disagree with. What I disagree with is the fact that you think that this search should be over. That they should look. That this shouldn't be on every day. I just find it. No, no. They can search all they want. But it doesn't have to be on television 24 hours a day. And then when they find something, they can enter up for 10 seconds. Like they would for anybody else of importance. And for most people who aren't celebrities, they wouldn't enter up at all with that. I'm not a celebrity. And I'm wouldn't be important if it were me either. But I won't be able. Why would it be any less important if it were you? Well, because I think your wife less meaningful than the best set. Absolutely not. But am I doing the accomplishments that he did? Like what? What were the accomplishments besides coming out with a third rate magazine? I'd like to hear the other accomplishments. Oh, looking at the bar exam twice. What were his other accomplishments? He has many. And he's got to tell me what they were. Tell me what they were. The library. He dedicated all those other things. All their money. Is the least going it back into charity? And all who's money? Not his money. The Kennedy family money. That's the Kennedy foundation. That's not his money. The Kennedy foundation exactly respect to them. That's not his. What? And respect to the Kennedy. She should be a little unsure of this. Then in their money, looking for him right now. No, they're not spending their money looking for him. The US government. The taxpayers are spending their money on this. The Kennedy's are paying for this. No trust me. The Kennedy's have a lot. Trust me. The Kennedy's aren't paying for this man. The US taxpayers are paying for it. Well, I just think you should be a little bit more compassionate when it comes to people's lives. Hi, but how about every other person that dies in a plane crash? How about all the hundreds of people that died in the TWA 747? Flight 800 that crash. Did we have this kind of coverage on then? We had coverage on the crash. But can you name me one person that died on that plane? I remember the children of one person that died on that plane. What was the name? And that's been a little bit of their name. Minnesota of John and Julia. No, but was there last name? I don't remember. I don't either. I don't know. I don't know the name of one person. I guarantee there were a lot of wonderful people who died that plane crash. Well, as I said, I just think that you know, you just need to be a little more compassionate. I'm not going to be more compassionate because he was not an important person, man. He's another person who died in a tragic accident like happens every single day. There are people who get hit by cars who die. Young people, they're little children like the two twins that died that got murdered. If he doesn't want to have a conversation, he puts the phone down. She slams the phone down and makes the nasty wrinkling crinkling sound because she can't. I just, man, I don't care what you think. You would totally your opinion, but don't tell me what I should think. If you want to think, if you want to have more compassion, if you're a better person than I am, that's for you. Okay. Wonderful. I'm here. I get paid to tell people what I think. Maybe I'll give you my ant's telephone number and you can call it up in Halendale. And you can come and iterate with her about how I'm sensitive. And what a heartless bastard I am because I'm not all but a better shape about every one of the Kennedy family. Okay. There were three Kennedy's who were very significant part of my life. The rest of them I wouldn't give you a 50 cents for. Okay, lady. I wouldn't give you a Canadian quarter for it. I wouldn't give you a Lunar Ratuni. 560560, the idea that because somebody is born into a wealthy family and they have the same last name. How about all the Roosevelt? How about Elliott Roosevelt? Anybody know what ever happened to him? No. James Roosevelt? No. Whatever happened. Which they all turned out by the way after FDR to be much into about nothing. Just because you're born into a wealthy, fair, famous family with every privilege in the universe doesn't make you some kind of special a privileged soul. Cool, they was glamorous. He was, yeah. Okay. Could have fooled me. Here's a lady in freeport. Hello. Yes, man. It's about the lady you called? Yes. I used to sit on. But anyway. Oh, I... That's right, dumb it. She needs to sit out. Anyway, like you said about Phil, I heard nothing about him. I don't even know him. Phil, the guy who died the comedian? Oh, Phil, the heart man. Yeah. He really had nothing about that. It was like very briefment. I wanted one or two days. And then we don't even know if his wife is in jail. Oh, I didn't jail. She shot herself. He said. Oh, yeah, that's right. That's right. Yeah. I might be in jail, but she's dead in jail. Yeah, that's sorry. They used to talk to dead body in there just to show her a thing or two. Right. But that's sorry. Didn't go alone long. No, of course I didn't pre-appled. They didn't stop the world because of great entertainer died. We have us a lot of laughs and was a talent person who we contributed to something. I've been talking about this in the third day in a row. And I still got to convince these people. Because your name is Kennedy doesn't get the whole house. Got a good of it. When you die. It doesn't make any sense. And if it was somebody on the street or we wouldn't even look in out for these people, you know, they wouldn't do this long. Looking out for them. I mean, it's still going on now. They won't show. Yeah, they won't show on time. I saw it on TV in a sick of seeing it. It's going 24 hours a day, it's going for a day, every day or a night. Oh, and that's to get us a done. Come back and look at those same radar. How do you like that? Did you hear that? No, I didn't hear. I do it again. Please, a plane had gone down. That's where they came up with this figure. They're definitely four and a half miles off the gate. Yeah. We have to find out exactly where it was. How close to gay head of the way. You can't find out how far you're getting. Holding. How low the plane was in the sky before it started going into this debt spin. I mean, what? What kind of morbid sickness is this? And these people are sitting there with a straight face and looking at us in the eye like they're journalists. Journalists, these are crazy people. I am so totally with you, New York. But I love you, sure, but listen to you for a long time and... No, no. Anyway, just keep the good work up. Okay, keep the good work up. Come in and thank you. All right. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon, 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line. This is important. God, damn it. Don't you understand it. Don't you get it? You better get it. And you too, you little speck. You better get with it. You little right wing, little funny, baloney, Cuban. You're goddamn big, big scrap. That hates the Kennedy's like poison because you'll hold a grudge 40 years later. Say, Houta. There, that's right. That's what the of the sets are probably returning into right now. Oh, that was bad. Wow, you know, that New England child. There ain't nothing like it. Sometimes when you take a powder, they turn you into a child. Look, what am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to put on an actin pretend to be all broken up about this? Oh, but to the sets. How about every other goddamn family? Every other family of it. How about Elizabeth Montgomery? I love Elizabeth Montgomery. She died. She was pretty young. She got a cancer or something, right? She was great. She had more town in her little goddamn finger than most of the candidates put together except for the three, you know, who I'm talking about. JFK and RFK in the 10th of the critic 10. Other than those three, Elizabeth Montgomery had more town than all the other candidates put together. That's right. We were being wixed with her when she died at an early age of a horrible disease. Did they make a big difference about that? No. Got like two lines in a newspaper. Misurable, crazy media people. You people should all be in jail when they are penis, they were you ought to be. Let all the marijuana people out of jail and stick to media people. And that's what I said. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Polooting the minds of the public, manipulating public opinion, turning their brains into freaking jail. That's what you're doing. So, great enough to decide how they pull this off. It's 11 after 10 at 5. 60 WKM, 11 after, well, whatever it is, it's somehow. I don't know. I'm in the Twilight Zone myself. You wanted me a lot more sensitive, God damn it, you little prick. I'm not your right about that part. Can't beat that gator me. I'm on happy guy. She's packing her bag. Till a race gone, I'll leave me for. No, you're not your. I'm waving goodbye. Where I'm going, fake. No, you're not your only jewelry, I need you to be. No, you're not your. I want to wake up in the White House and be alone. And find there's no sign of hell. The bitch and no mom. No more evil eye. I won't hear her name. Her run will make my life so sweet. No, you're so y'all. If you are left, her pair will be out of my hair. Yes, it's up to you, your new y'all. She's done awake up in a steady, so far away. While she's on time, it'll heal. I'll flick off all day. I can read time. While she goes to work, this game will make my life so sweet. No, you're not your only. All day on wet, her pair will get her out of my hair. Oh, please come through, new y'all. Come out, my miss. Boats for her hair. All right. 1118 at 5.50 WQAM. What a place, huh? What a place, let's go back to what stock. I wasn't even there in the first place. All the young pumps are going up to what stock now. They're going to go up there and get some magic mushrooms. They'll be an acid. All the weed that they can get, huh? What are you great, we're taking them all back. See, there's one guy, a good friend, what are you great, we're he never left of 60s. He's not trying to we live the 60s. He never left it. He's still in it. And if you don't believe me, just take a puke out of him. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. 20 minutes and 22 seconds later. Do you think they're gone? No. They're gone. Believe me. Wait a minute. Like I said, two ladies, hello. Hello. Yes. Hi, Hank. Can you hang on one second? I have Dr. Richard Policol for the likes of six with Neil. Dr. Colacol for the likes of six with me. Oh, hi. Dr. Walter. Okay, Dr. Policol for the likes of six. Dr. Polacol? Yeah. Can I put him on for you? Go ahead. This is another publicity. She can Dr. Chris, did I already got one of those? Hello? Oh, yes sir. Oh hi, Neil. How you doing? Oh, this is the reference to your earlier conversation about about my behavioral doctor. I need a real doctor. But here, when you call us up, we will answer the phone. We know what it made it answering system. I'll be at your service. I'm a board certified cardiologist and internist and we'll be happy to serve you. We were not going to do an AKG every time I have a. No, no, no. We don't believe in the likes. I'm going to knock you over on the beach. Who used to say, oh, every time I had a cold, he used to say, oh, I'm going to be talking about two or three AKG. I don't know what you'd like. We'll try to do practices, look medicine as we always do. Because really what I need our blood test, you know, I got to check my blood. Blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood. What's your full blood? My body. Who's my medical assistant? In my homocysteine levels, which I'm going to. Your homocysteine levels. Your healthy little laser. Your healthy little laser. It will do everything. We're a well equipped here. Well, when can you see me, doctor? Can you see today? To your clock? We're clock today. Yeah, that's where you're looking. Well, I'll tell you about give a to our G address because I don't want to tell you why I'm going to do this because I don't want to you to rob your show. And I appreciate I'll see you later. Okay, okay, I gave him the address. You did? Yeah, I did earlier. You got the address? I gave him the phone number. We need the address. Hang on. See, I don't think you want to talk to you, but nevertheless, you'll have to talk to him. Okay, how do you like that? I may have a doc in Alwarge. I'll just talk to some other doctors. So this guy, but yeah, you have a department. I haven't a appointment with whom? With Dr. A. But Dr. P says, I got an appointment today. You go see him both. See, what's going on with that? And I'm going to go on a shopping tour. Yeah, Dr. Zinbrower, it is that what I'm going to do. Sure, I can all take like about a quarter of blood. And after I have like a little mass of what used to be a body land and a grave, oh, well, this doctor says it was pretty bad, but this doctor says, well, what kind of a deal is that? But you told me to call up your doctor, uh, polycalf. Okay, sounds like an ice-dewish boy. Well, we'll see. It's always good to have like 20 or 30 different appointments because then you can cancel 18 or 19 of them. Get the address and I'll treat a clock, tell them I'll be there. And maybe the other one's some time. Five, six, seven. I mean, if we go from feast to famine, that's the way it is on a show. Either I don't have a doctor, I can talk to. Who's busy being a politician or whatever he's doing. Go in, uh, I like that. We're now all of a sudden, I got two doctors. We're probably going to have a fistfight. They're probably going to be on celebrity death match at MTV tonight. To see which one really gets to do kneel. So to speak. God, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Why are you so insensitive? Because I'm a prick. You're a prick. That's right. Tell that bitch to go back to Massachusetts. Go back to Massachusetts. You're a man. I got a man. I got a man. I got a man. I got a man. I got sucked into it on Saturday. And then I finally saw the light and said, you know, it's just like any other people that would die. And I did, I think the only way we can get away from this stuff in Channel 7 News and CNN. I was going to do a video on the channel. I was going to do a video on the channel. I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I was going to do a video on the channel. And I said, for 30 years today, they're running, they're talking about mumbling about, well, we're still hoping and they haven't found anything yet. And we're hoping, you know? I was just watching CNN earlier. And they just report a little glad thing. And went through John F. Kennedy's mind before he died and is the control panel. You know, and it's just like ridiculous. I mean, what else are you going to do? Maybe the people on MTV are a little bit slow. Maybe the things the Kennedy's are so special. They have gills to breathe under water with. Maybe that's it. I mean, I have a good day. And can I call these and my brother Jeff, a big hairy that douchebag. I'm going to go and get the baby for you. Well, I'm going to go to the doctor for the surgery, see if we can go to the doctor for the surgery. So I'm going to say, well, I'm going to go to the doctor for the surgery. So I'm going to go to the doctor for the surgery. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 15. So what's the deal? I got 12 doctors, report, I mean, Scott is going to be busy. I'm going to be, uh, they're going to have enough blood taken on me to fill a guy damn blood Mike, so really wouldn't need to tell Monday, so you can make more blood before them. Oh, no. every day. Tell some really good time, man. And you're for an sooner or later you'll find one that will give you something that will kill you. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Live. Here's plantation, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, one of your doctors. Oh yeah, I'm the guy who called you about Dr. West by the way. You, uh, well, that? Oh, thank you very much, by the way. Well, thank you very much. Well, I'm going to give you another name, Mr. But I want to write a one more doctor. I'm already got to my cold and doctor. I'd like to write this guy. Use an Indian. Oh, I don't go to Indians. Okay. Anyway, I want to say a lot of one of those things that my forehead. Anyway, one of the reasons I'm calling is because you talk to the mainstream, you know, the state, you know, when people get mad, they can't, uh, I don't know how you say it, but they can't dent it. Yeah. And you usually dent it for us? Yes. I'm reading the, uh, the paper today to some sentinel. I see a swelling face of this woman who was, um, got on, on bail for a million dollars. This is the SLA member who put bombs under a, uh, please, Clara, try to kill some drops. Yeah. And she's just smiling away and she, you know what, public opinion is just going to go, uh, right for her and say, you know, it's not, oh, you don't know. No, it's not. No, you can't mean what about that plan or the fry that bitch. Yeah. I know. I, we would see what about that black guy in Philadelphia who executed that top who made the commencement speech, uh, for that college out in California. Yeah. Everybody stood up and cheered him. What's going on in this world where we start, uh, making these guys who are killers, uh, putting them on pedestal. Yeah. Understand. See, that's another reason they were going to have the death penalty. I'd say, you know, have the trial on about 15 minutes and then fry them like before midnight. That's the way to do it. But you don't have to just like with Ted Bundy 10 years they were right. And by the way, thank God they never escaped either, you know what I'm saying? You guys have only broke out of jail twice. You know what about this guy and talk about Philadelphia right? Yeah. And he's got a lot of time in the radio and this poor wife is by herself for that sign and nobody's backing her up. You know, you're the only one who speaks up and off. Yeah. By the way, I hate to break the news to some of these people up there and for a lottery. Well, when there's some crazy person running around in the streets, waving a gun, uh, the cops don't really have time to stop and ask questions and find out I loaded or not. Okay. I know that may come as a great shot to some very ignorant people up there and for a lottery. I'll always look at the screen races and every time one of their people does something to go test it unacceptable and the cops have to find. But they don't have time to check and see how many bullets are in there. This is what I mean, this was great the way you, you, you, you, you, the talent, the way it is. I was supposed to the people can't stand it because they're emotional cripples. I think that's what I've called you for as probably taking my, uh, my, uh, antelunced to the McDonald's. Okay. Listen, since I get a good, you know, lead on back to West, when I just do this off to the air. So I don't, uh, to George. No, let me, let me try the other two first. All right. If I need you, I'll let you know under your. If I need you, I'll write a opinion. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Hey, Carrie. Dr. West is the best. Bye, bye. Thank you. I'm telling you a one thing. I may need a shrink before this day is over said drilling is going to go on a hole for out. What is that? That's our life. That's construction. Did you see Mark Mosley? Pocus head in here. He's trying to get some production work done. Yeah. He's right next door to where they're addressed. And of course, our program director, he's offered another meeting with a guy named Huracoon because we have another make busy project now here at this station. And that's all his Huracoon sports. And like I told him, it doesn't make a blip on the Richter scale. If the Huracoon's win airbie game for the next 50 years, it's still isn't going to make one blip in a ratings or one dime a profit for this station. All that does is make for a lot of work. Okay, and kill some time. And so now we got the nephew running the radio station because Sam is busy doing something with Jordan night, which I probably can't see on everybody's doing. Well, you know what I'm saying? Scored score. Do we do something together? There has something to do with back them for nevertheless. So the nephew's running the station now. Fossing the interns around. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, make it and feel real butch and macho. And he still smells bad. Fuck it in and hold it. If you like books on tape, listen closely for all of that. You may very well find almost isn't reading and every bit is expensive. And so, do you think books on tape are? Books on paper can take exactly the same words I hear on audio tapes. The only difference is I have to read each word to get the story. Books on paper. There's just my books on tape except that all passages have been provided in handy and easy to use. Tonscript form. I'm so glad I found out about books on paper. Instead of pushing buttons to try to fast forward through the boring part, all we have to do is flip the faces. It's so much easier. That's right. And books on tape are mean no moving parts. So, you can take them to the beach and not worry about sand getting into sensitive electronic components. Well, books on paper. It's very like rare to get. Books on paper. And coming soon, it's books on paper on tape. The audio recording of the transcript of the cassette. You know more convenient audio tape form. Twenty-seven before 11 at five, sixty-w-two, two, three, five, five, six, seven, I mean thank god they finally stopped with the drilling by the way. Of course they would have been better like before the spot start. It would have probably been a better idea. The better late they never. Yes? All set for tomorrow all set. Okay, I know why I said that. So if my mother's listening, don't panic. I'm not going to the doctor at 3 o'clock. And you can still go ahead and make lunch but not too much. And don't blame you that cork is right in all this food. Okay? And too bad that your sister is upset with what I said about the Kennedy yesterday. I don't do this show for your sister. Okay, ma. Okay. I'm not doing this show for rich millionaires living in the hell in the hell. We do McDonald's. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. I mean a lot of your sir. Yes sir. I want to explain to me. I was talking to somebody last night I had been there about you and I asked, do you happen with some meal and he said yes. I said, you basically agree with everything you said and you said, yeah. And then the good thing about meal is he's willing to very few people much well that they're not afraid to say it. Yeah. Which makes me a very happy person. I have a way that we can actually make a good thing on this JFK problem. The Kennedy S. to do is come on TV tomorrow and now she's going for a final running for the presidency and that indicates the run of JFK Junior and again he's a good little electrical every electoral vote out there. I think that would be pretty impressive. Yeah. And what's the algorithm I think about that? Oh, well. Yeah. I mean what what name is more positive? How can you be a guy with an ever-rescent personality like Al Gore? Well that's true. It's kind of bubbly. Yeah. No. If the JFK Junior that's bubbly now. That's true. That was bad. All right. Okay. Thank you. I don't care. I mean I make entaceless tacky jokes because of the fact that I'm ordinarily wouldn't do that. But I'm so pissed off of the attitude. There's so many idiotic people out there. He's a dead man. He's another person who died like everybody else that's sooner or later and it was premature and it was an accident and was unfortunate. And at the end of it there was no great significance to this man. Period. The John John. No. Well it was seriously. The more I hear about it the more makes me want to go to the John. John. And they're starting to guide the end drilling again. You people on there are crazy people. Why can't they do that? Like what is it? Hank said shoelas to the okay. They got four hours this afternoon. Hank's not in the building. We do not have a show originating in the building between 26. Six o'clock we got Donny Beat Baseball. They could take a half hour break there and then we got to Marlon Gain. The brave's at the Marlon. So I had a P.P. Park. So they got all those hours they could be doing this drill. They were drilling and sawing and hacking and noisy and without interrupting any goddamn show. But they wait until there's a show on the year where it's nonstop talking. They require the certain amount of attention and they're drilling up a storm and they're in a building apart because there's nobody here in a building to tell them to cut the crap. Because Bluff of course our macho program director, she's busy over there with her her cones. Okay. Having another holding another big meat over there about the her cones sports. I heard he's got the inside track I'm doing a play by play by the way. That's what I hear. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn, 5, 60 on the 8. I don't want to tell you who's going to bed for him but you can use your own imagination. Okay. I don't want to mention no. I don't want to say that was for me. Here's Weston. Hello. How are you doing from Spick City? Okay sir. I'm going to be honest with you. I rarely listen to your show but why you're talking about Kennedy. How can you survive without listening to the show? My friends are driving in his ultra boring ass town without listening to the show. I got to go to school. Okay. I got to be honest with you. I'm going to be thinking of nothing against him. Yes. But I really had something against the media and Tony Seguro. You have to tell me your kid. I was a jackass man. I'll tell you right now. He's an asshole. He's, you know, you have to duck Kennedy and Paul Casino over this morning. You have to duck Kennedy. You know. Paul Casino was on here to do what a Kennedy sub job to. It wasn't bad enough. He sucked in their penises at the other day on a penny sales tax. And then when, you know, Chris Farley done. I mean, that's not even great. The top story was like how serious had a failure. Yeah, seriously. This is having a sale. I want on sheets and pennies. Yeah. On white sheets. Yeah. Well, welcome to America man. It's a really sick place. I have a good one. And God bless you. Twenty-filled in five sixty-wc. Chris Farley, more town is little five finger than JFK. The KJ Junior Ever had his whole body. He's dead. John Candy, a more talent in the cuticle of his little finger than JFK Junior Ever had in his entire body. Did anybody care about that? No. No. Did they make a big timmison CNN and Fox and MSNBC and CNBC when he died? No. Maybe for about five minutes. I'll tell you what. I'm going to do the opposite. Instead of morning, you know what? I'm going to do the men's that I walk out of here. I'm going to light up one of these great, predominant squared. The intelligent choice it says on the box. The series Y2K. Or is that A2K? Is that what Michael said at the end of the movie and Godfather won when she got to divorce A2K? When she said she had the abortion? It was a son. It was a son. Remember that? I wouldn't bring another one of you. Get an E.G. Weedow, greaseball. I don't care how many of you. You're getting greaseballs. Come across out of the woodwork. I'm Italian Irish. I listen to my crowd McFriend. I know, band leader. Yeah. Let's just do the whole dialogue that the Godfather did. They okay, I feel like it. I just feel like it. Maybe one of these predominant squares that I put this in my post. I'll feel like, look at Bronsius, something like that. That I cannot do. Better get the boycott on me. Go to the pecoulos. The pecoulos. Listen to me. It's just stand by and stand for sofoking. And it's stand where everything is out to the high sofoking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sofoking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofoking prices aren't just low. They're sofoking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I take sofoking as a beautiful store, I mean sofoking beautiful. When I take a strappy helpful, I mean sofoking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofoking and enjoy a selection of sofoking huge. A staff that's sofoking courteous. And price is that a sofoking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it from me. Thank you from satisfied customer, Frank, and Stein. Sofoking good. You're sofoking good. Okay, so I'm 45 at 560 WQM. We have 220 only one open long. Look at that. 560. I'll tell you one thing. I can't like this up because it's an unspoken building. And I don't want Chris Reed running around going everybody. But you know, since he's running an enjoy. But he did go down there and get the construction people to stop about erection to left into a clock. I just go on Chris. He's in charge now. I don't even like that. And he realized when Chris is also going to be out, then Greg's son is going to come in and he'll be in charge. And then when Greg's son is like going off to school somewhere, then the daughter is one of them will be in charge. The ones that don't look anything like their alleged father. And then when they're out of town, I think that in Reke comes in and runs the joint. Here's a mobile in Evan, Tura. Hello. Hey, good afternoon. Yes, sir. Hey, I came and late in the conversation by Ernest to the Resoluer of a for new doctor is seeking to get lab work done. Yeah, I mean, at that part of it, I'd like to have a doctor that can, you know, every now and then go to and see. But I do need lab work done badly. That's really. Yeah, because we run a, we run a clinical laboratory down here in Dave County. You don't need to go to a doctor to the lab work. Yeah, but during Dave County, I don't want to spend any more time in Dave than I have to. Well, so we'll set up for bottom this out. Yeah, you want a nice, you shouldn't get nice. You're sharing the other, lobotomist down. Well, that too. A four bottom is you want to go to that. Move that to that chair. Oh, yeah. Do the show we could draw your board. I know you're as old should be, you know, the range. I have my medical director. Okay, here's all to the. If it's bad, then you can go with your doctor's office. Mm-hmm. Mom, not waiting to know doctor's office. I got to put him in tomorrow. I'll tell you when little hand hits the big end. They better be ready for me. You know what I'm saying? I'll go as you're out of there. But listen, I'll tell you what. Give George your number though, because that's that's a very good thing. Because I would like to do that now and end. So I couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. I couldn't do it. I didn't do it. I just ate. I had to be fasting to do these things right, you know. You know that. I can't do it. Take on the paper over your office. Great. Hold on and give George your rainfall. Okay. Thank you. There you go. I'm lying for. Take care of that. We'll get everything taken care of. In fact, we'll get all the stuff done again and here. I'll never have to leave the house. We'll bring a goddamn bed in here. A cot. We'll bring in my, a touchy, ultra vision big screen TV. We'll get up to the goddamn satellite dish. That's what we'll do. Maybe then I can be around a building here. And then I can be around and spice up some of these other boring shows on this station. 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Three to hell this morning. I saw a little article here about the court uphold gambling row and you see that. No. It's the set there. Bob put her worse. Most free for effort to shut down. Ganon machines on Hollywood. Seminole reservation got shut down to see itself. The suit brought the head 17 years of bickering. We need closure on this issue. But I was said one of the suit was filed in 1996. He may have gotten it too. Great. I'm so glad. Son of a day just said to Bobby Butterworth. That's it, man. Great. Great. God bless you, sir. I want to bring that up because I'm a gambler too. I love it. I blow all my money on gambling. And I'm going to continue to do that. I don't know what anybody doing. I had you want with an F.A. baby. Absolutely. All right. Thanks, man. There you go. Bobby, what Butterworth? Limpe is to get said. Get that. And everybody else the same thing. One. I thought you had that expected that expectation will come your face. Okay. We got 400 open lines now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. By the way, why don't we have a moment or two while the lines are filling up again. And if they do. And if not, who cares? There are two letters to the editor in a Harold this morning where this is Sun said like, I still can't tell. While I'm one of our crap papers, one says love and joy overcame prejudice and bigotry about all the couples that came out for the defensive marriage act that thing the couples that came out of, said, what's a lot of some Sydney Beeson by his president of the parents and friends of Les Bees and Gays in Fort Lauderdale. It's a short about four very short paragraphs. And then right next to it to the left of it is a 7,000 paragraph of a letter to the editor by May be Simpson and Margade. Maybe. Back I asked the what's his name? Who are those two people? He said, maybe Simpson. I said, God, I didn't even know she knew them. Article tells our children it's okay to be sinful, okay? Okay. Ray Scott Gold's article on July 11, there will be sorrow and suffering for Jews and Gentiles alike who keep on sinning. But there will be glory and honor and peace from God for all who will be him, whether they are Jews or Gentiles. For God treats everyone the same. He will punish sin where we're disfound Romans 2 9 through 15. Last week, sin was found on the front cover of the local section in your article for gate couples love recognized why must you propagate this sinful lifestyle? Why do our children have to read this material and think that God created man to mate with man and that it's okay? God says it's an abomination for man to mate with man and the end result is an eternity in hell. And the men instead of having a normal sex relationship with women burned would lost for each other, men doing shameful things with other men and as a result getting paid within their own souls with the penalty so they richly deserve Romans 2 27. It's also written on the wall to cope up by the way. As for the photo included with the article of Mike Flanagan, Rich Gaman, it's blasphemy. Do you know why? If Michael Flanagan who is seeing wearing a crucifix was a Christian indicative of one wearing a cross, following the teachings of the church, his mate would be a woman to marry and appropriate with bare fruit and multiply et cetera. Mostly et cetera. The crucifix in this case has no meaning at blasphemes and cheapens the sacrifice of God's only son, Jesus on the cross. The more the media promotes this sinful lifestyle, the more we will send our fellow brethren who swallow it, to hell too. Do you think there was a little play on word there or something when may said swallow it? Articles like this teach our children that any immoral lifestyle is okay. The truth is to love each other is to help each other know good and what is right. So all can be united one day in heaven forever. The trouble in your article is that man seems to think he knows more than God. I pray that some of their media will show and teach the truth right may be Simpson in Margay. Good. Yeah, how do you like that? Another good Christian out there another good Christian using her fairy tale beliefs to preach hate and sickness. Nice going May. 56050505050 on the 18T Wallace line here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Ed, what is it sir? I'm sorry. Oh yeah. So am I. 56050505050 he is so obvious man. Now one he's of all of him he's the worst he has just got the most annoying just sounds like a scraping your thing on a blackboard and fingernails too. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, I eat those. Okay. Yeah. Listen, you know, the media is the one ripping this law out of shape. And you know, you take it on yourself to take John Kennedy and the best family and rip them and destroy them with your words. And you know, and you're wondering what I mean to say. Race them. What does that mean? That doesn't have to work either. Yeah. And what happens to your thing when you die? Hello. Let me ask you this. Let me ask you this. My loud mouth. Fred, if I didn't have to work, you think I'd be sitting here talking to assholes like you? You jack ass. Yeah, if I had the money that they got, I'd be sitting here taking crap from some asshole like this. I don't think so. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 182, where the slime got 1700 open lines. You're all of a sudden the water's just open wide open. And Moses ain't even here yet. Here's Mark O'Wildland. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. On MSNBC, they were talking about how more tragic than a Kennedy plane crash this weekend is the fact that it's outfloored up every day. There's an overpaid, till about you can tag it that sucks. Okay, great. Okay, 2 in a row. Let's go for 3. Okay, let's see if we can get another one. 560, 560, 560, on the 182, where the slime is. Here's North Miami. Hello. Uncle Neil? Yes, sir. I just want to say I'm going to miss you. I'm finally getting out of here. I'm going to law school and circus. Yeah. And I've been raised on you. Ever since you did topics. And I just want to say I just signed for the poor bastards that lived down here. Except for you because you make a million a year of course. But I'm going to miss you. You were one of the few black spots in my last day. They kept me kind of saying. And that's it. Short and sweet to the point. Well, good luck, you're proud. Thank you. You'll need that up there. Yeah, you don't keep story. I visited the school and I was in the lounge there. And I heard, I was like, is that Hank? And he was on the, you know, any lounge talking about Delmont and all that. Oh, he's got me. Followed me. Uh-huh. He followed me. So, anyways. Take care. Have a great day, Paul. Good to you. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. This is your bill. What is it pillow biting? How's that go? Faggot. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I need to find out one thing. Square me out on one thing. If Ted Kennedy is so good, what's it he done for us? I want to make sure that you're not being hypocritical too. What, what does that mean you want to be sure that I'm not hypocritical? I'm not hypocritical. If you're putting down a hint of the innocent guy's thing, you won't be doing it. He's right now. Who want to answer and you want to just talk? I want to answer, I really do. Let me say this. He's been in the Senate for 35 freaking years from Massachusetts because of Kennedy. No one will know on the news. He would you, you don't want to answer, do you asshole, okay? Five six seven. Five sixty. See, here's another guy. He couldn't tell you when he was elected to the Senate. He couldn't tell you when chapter quit a cab. But he couldn't tell you when to play in crash happened. What he nearly got killed. He couldn't tell anything about Ted Kennedy. But blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. See, another example how talk is cheap. Every asshole just keeps making noises. You know what I'm saying? And that's what this guy just did. Five six, seven, oh five sixty. I'm not being hypocritical. See, that's my opinion. I love the way everybody says, oh, your hypocritical. They don't even know what the word means. They don't even understand what it means. Even if he was a lousy Senator, which in my opinion he has. But even if he was, he served the country in a Senate for 35 years. And not just because his name was Kennedy. Because if he hadn't been doing things to carry out the will of the people of Massachusetts for those 35 years, especially in light of chapat quick and the drinking and the boozing and the women and everything else, he never would have been reelected. asshole. So turn on ceasepants on day and tune in and see who the people are, who are introducing like medical health care legislation and all kinds of other stuff that has to do with important things that have to do with the American public. And after the elite in the rich in the sport of assholes who are putting out dumb magazines. But God forbid, because most, well, you know how you're just like most of the public, you're watching Lifetime. There's good. Who was bothered by? I'm Ricky, I'm not having a serious conflict on my rating. I'm Ricky. Hey, Ricky, when you're done with some of the times I'm rating. Hey, Ricky. I'm not having a bad time at the time, but I'm having a bad time at the time. I'm having a bad time at the time. My time is the best in sure you've got me all wrong. I'm done with the best in sure you like girls at all. You're like 10 years old, and you're running away. And you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like mayonnaise, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like this way then it's the same thing. you're like, that way, it's the same thing. you're like, you're like, you're like me, you're like, it's the same thing. you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you like違う, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like when you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like my brother, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like my- puppet, you are, you I have told you so many times before it's like being a turtle, you know, gives you that opportunity to put your head back into the shell and kind of hide five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami yeah near sir how you doing yeah let me ask your question what do you think about the best family following a food again for Kennedy for what for what for taking him up in the air hey I hate to break the news to you sir but she's the one that forced him to go he didn't want to go the police he didn't want to be in the airplane no sir you're wrong if you watch the news she was the one that insisted I'm going and also making the two stops and dropping her sister off okay what I should have done maybe was just like phone kind of low and dropped the sister at the bottom of the plane would maybe they might landed safely that's the possibility she was the one who insisted on going sir yeah when you think all ice going to be over need to deliver in when they when they've got the last drop of milk out of it that's what it'll be over when they squeak left out to blow it out and the next one goes something there you go okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line yeah maybe I'm a little hypocritical there because I think ten Kennedy's a great senator I got news for you man ten Kennedy in spite of being a real scumbag personally has got more brains in his god damn little finger than that other jackass has an entire body rubber will have here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale hello hi Neil yes sir first of all just I have to say it it may as me how people are like grabbing and clawing through the radio trying to hurt you yeah no there wouldn't be me man you know when it won't be the most every day on the 10th in the 25th of each month no I mean I'm seriously you know you listen to some of these people and you know that they're just sitting there and they're frustrated beyond all the leaves that that they can then why are they what are they listening for I don't know I'm just it just to stop me I mean don't you notice is I'm sure you do don't I notice it no I've never noticed it I mean it's it's a phenomenal thing to me how people just just sit there and and reach out and and try and they're clawing at you but that's this is South Dakota that's what you're supposed to was reach out and hurt someone I also well the reason I'm calling is there a couple of a few days ago I guess it was Friday you were talking about white flight yeah well I'm a white fighter and I will admit it and I have no second thoughts about why I did it or where I went to anything else like that and speaking from a person that lived in a racially mixed balance neighborhoods for 12 years as it started turning darker yeah I just I myself uncomfortable yes and I thought that things things weren't right I know there's no this changes in the well what are you doing with your phone why you're like you're are you twisting it and yanking it and your face and my ball it's a mobile but it sounds like you're twisting it around a little bit like you're twisting in the wind no no I'm just just talking it's just I'm walking around so while I walk around stand still stand still stop walking and we're getting brutal go well don't go into another side of the crew well that's what I'm saying and we heard a lot about a vertical last couple days I don't want to do it exactly well a little bit caliper hitchcock in James Stewart what you said is exactly true and and I think that maybe it takes a little car to admit it I don't know people are afraid to it these people are as fine listen and talk about hypocritical the average white person that moves out of a neighborhood because black people are moving it is going to make up eight million reasons before they'll come and it's like the mark firm and thing and like everybody is so supposedly outrage because of the inward because how many white people in this audience you think never use the word nigger huh and you think I'll find anybody in this audience that never use the word nigger whether they're white or black there's no such person probably not but I mean I think I find like more trash and the street and and uh my kid was the only white kid at the bus stop yeah and so on and so forth and I wasn't comfortable I look for the life of me I can't understand unless somebody is a wildly hysterical liberal I can't imagine why any white person would want to live in an almost entirely black neighborhood anymore that I can understand why a black person would want to live in an entirely white neighborhood except for the fact that if you're an affluent black person you don't want to live in a neighborhood that's like a ghetto or is like an a lower middle class kind of environment you want to live in what you feel is a safer moral desirable atmosphere I guess you're right because now we're out moved to this there are affluent black people right and it's an inspirationally mixed and I was never uncomfortable when when our neighborhood was racially mixed it it was not the same but when uh when I became a minority right I mean I said here my minority yes sir and I felt like I didn't belong there and you're right I'm glad you got out and they all said the neighborhood you held a lot better for it and I'm a great day pal I know yeah okay we got 6,482 open lines you're all of a sudden 5,670, 5,60, 5,60, on a mobile one line here's Boko hello hey uncle me I look only the festival of hates sir okay hey I'm maybe a glimmer of hope for you I came across this on the internet on MSNBC's homepage yeah there's actually an opinion column the guy's name is Rick Stangle and P.C. Stangle yeah and it's entitled Let the Myth Rest in Peace right getting over our obsession with the Kennedy right and so it's mainstream media out there I guess there's a little voice out there the best line that I saw in it in the mania of public grief that it tends to death of John Kennedy and other celebrities suggest a poverty in our own line right so it's beautiful so I feel like Bill from four miles yesterday who talked about his pathetic mean was crappy life over there and about how he's got to live by curiously through some celebrity there you go so if you have internet access there check it out the pretty good piece excellent I get a couple douche bags yes sir Nick and Ken down in Pembroke Pines you're a couple it's douche bag and God bless you thank you so much I have no life that's what they're all trying to say I have no life soon as I said that yesterday that's what the phones went did talking about people living by curiously to somebody else famous because supposedly those other famous people are so glamorous and most of them turn out to be misfits anyway and die some gruesome horrible death usually with drugs and booze oh no but they were their glow glamorous yeah great they're bunch of scumbags most of them it's like athletes I'm gonna be a plenty of athletes and except for hockey players most of them at least can speak some language most jocks are are at the very best boring and in most cases terminal pondress most exciting thing most of them can say is yeah and that's with difficulty that's just somebody else spells it for them there was no farmer who lives on here I said in the middle just taking his head some boys who were down by the prick there being no water there ain't on their marbles and sleeping then at half past four their team or young ladies she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass she pulled up for drase she showed them her ruck bulls and they said why club feet dark she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shovels and rescue send their promise their days hunt while the girl in the mail was rubbing her eye that's up there though down by the duck he looked like up man with a tiger bull home in the country with a bit bent out front if he asked her unlike least she showed him her netto betto who was subject to fit and maybe she's let him grab hold up her small dinner and with a movement so quick and then she'd been over and suck his candy so tasty made up butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go to yourself well I felt like I figured anyway okay 12 16 it's 5 60 WQAM as we continue our role in a long signal song for Latterdale make a pitch for a new ballpark any calls about that thanks refer into my lecture go on a week from tomorrow anybody got care about that oh letter the editor about the fact of any calls about that oh anything about the what's the other stuff it oh yeah chargers wrapped against any of the claim we go back to jail and so about the rest of the eight years sentence and bees if you look up the words scumbag if you want to just said about athletes here is denim a claim whose most famous comment by the way in history was 130 games 1967 I was living in Michigan saw him pitch many of the game at Tiger Stadium what a great picture he was you're 130 games scumbag also became a radio taco sports tacos most of them are scumbags and he had been indicted with john a junior goddy accused of contacting a scheme to sell worthless telephone calling cards however they could conclude that the reo case would be very difficult to approach you and they would do hit the fraud charges against McLean and Anthony ploma talo and Michael Zamboros the 55 year old McLean had been in westchester county jail waiting trial he'll return to federal prison in Louis rompensal vania where he needs to serve a not five more years of an eight years since from meet packers pension funds swindle remember that one he stole all our pension money uh remember those days i was going dead eight here's a mobile and hollywood hello yes sir hi Neil how are you great i've been listening to the first few months i think you're great i think your priorities are right in line and that's why everyone else is just uh i got a quick chapter report uh hop the term fight can't hollywood bill of art you got to take the term fight south it is completely closed down i'm in it south uh there's been an accident i'm calling also about the black thing when i was growing up i think hello yeah listen yeah when i grew up i grew up in carol city hialia opalaca and everyone of those that you could find me a black neighbor today oplack that does not look like a ghetto i would be amazed all right now the pre-cuers we can find you one that doesn't look like a ghetto will you move into what i'm here that of them you know i mean it was terrible i mean you get you know but i'm a fan of we found you a black neighborhood with all blacks in it that was really upscale and real classy and clean and very no i probably wouldn't i would lie to you so i'm not even saying they all look like a ghetto what difference is it make the fact if why don't you just say you don't want to live in a miranobio white person in the middle of an all black neighborhood i got to run with that yeah i do i do enjoy living amongst my own kind where the best feathers screw together that's how it works that's right monkey see monkey do don't say monkey man i'm not a procel that's right i won't be saying monkey listen so this genre can't anything yeah you know what you know who should be sad it should be the family members because they lost the family member not all these other idiots who moron down there that never knew the guy you didn't do anything for us like you said he has a magazine and he's the son of a president which we which we we which we even could uh what question that a lot of people funny was a nice guy but turned out he was a son of a president yeah i hear you yeah and uh you know i just think you're doing a great show and i enjoy listening to you and i like someone that speaks to my email and that's something and watch out for those farts is okay okay five six seven oh five when you called about that black thing which i have in my hand right now by the way uh it's kind of spongy after where i got done with it he actually said that it was in somebody's back home and i think it may have been his oh i'm still touching the damn thing god it's been washed five six seven oh five sixty by the way i was in the other day remember i had to go take a after the show like two days and a row i'm something about eating the timing of my lunches and i'm sitting in there and somebody i i'm not one of those people that looks to the crack in the door to see who it is taking a leak i'm also of course i might be him and he wasn't here yesterday but uh well you know he might turn around real quick but no seriously i i don't know what to the out of care who it is just get the hell out there and let me uh so okay and they call the noise i want and have a real good healthy one and this person whoever might have been oh i know who it was and i don't even know what his name is is it Carlos not Carlos so with the orange here are good friend but the other Carlos the one at the things his stuff doesn't stink you know the one i'm talking about the kind of chubby one yeah he thinks his stuff doesn't stink oh yeah that's who said that somebody said he's not like the most friendly guy oh probably probably Joe i think Joe hates him why does Joe hate him in that Chris guy so much but anyway so uh it was him because when i he was washing his hands after he took a leak well maybe he got some back splash and first of all you don't get back splash on your hands you don't get you ever get back splash on your hands sometimes and even if you did what difference does it make is you're you're in filthy yeah no it's not that's yucky no it is not it is to me no you're you're again you're rationalizing because it's one of your people okay if a little bit like a uh one of my pee he's something and he's uh got a little something in him and i shouldn't have said who it was it doesn't get you different so much of their lot of guys in this building who washed their hands just out of because they've been brainwashed then after they take a leak they got a while and i've been to this many times before but annoys me if i get something on my hands i'm gonna watch no look let me say it again if you respect your member you take a you you're if you're that concerned about hygiene you wash your hands before you take a leak not afterward sometimes i do if that thing is a many vatiatee you wash your hands before you touch it and god only knows if you're got to let anybody else touch it make sure they scrub like crazy and their hands too how you talking about here's bokeh hello bokeh going once what is it what is it sir hello yes yes speak to me sir what can we do for you okay have a great life jackass five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's hialia hello any of you okay sir um i wonder if you heard that i'm Ricky Martin has a contract that he can't get married for three years is that like to hide that he's in the closet he has a contract that he can't get married contract three years i don't know i heard it on Oprah went free like a friend of you and i hope for once you must be true i would get that girlfriend if you got a girlfriend so i'm going to read all real real stories come in better that than you're springer and that's true and as far as washing hands i watch before i touch my brother there you go actually nice to i smell as you got a respected and if i watch it i try and use napkins to test the cause you the stock because you don't know who's touch rubber gloves baby my pick have a great there you can you wash your hands after you take a leak what a bunch of panties man you some of you men out there some of you viral heterosexual men you're a bunch of pussy's barris for you wash your hands after you take a leak quite well what and those are probably guys that went to you event they're probably hurracum graduate with like Tommy cigaretteo god he's an asshole or you can say that again that's a compliment here's pop at obeech hello hello there a couple a couple of questions hypothetical i just got asked you i'm going to name five or six people tell me if they mattered if it would the day enhance or touch our lives you ready did they touch us well enhanced or did anything that made our lives more for you but fifty or sixty people i'm going to give you a mile and think about this is these are if he's ready if five or six hundred people that touch me and enhance my life a lot you don't know there names go ahead okay first one is uh uh Donald trump would it matter if he uh kicked the bucket well what you say would it matter when we be crying would we know i'm one you ask the radio told you're asking me if i would be crying i could always speak for my say though yourself that's what i'm no i would not okay he might be a lot of nothing blah blah water and no i would i would have a party you have to he's okay but again he did i mean you're asking a wrong guy on that's the i don't really care about how about that i'm a congressman born he's born he's a good guy but i'm not going to say what have you ever spraked on about it i'm sure dick Amy army might i love you okay thank you okay whatever you say oh god i like teaching quiet and i don't need to listen to bony fair bony frank crying and in my ear because i made a few bucks off of book i worked on okay dick 25 here a bony likes dick anyways what does that comment? i'm sure it's a joke a salesman just told me a car he said had only been driven by a lady he was trying not to smile but he gave a little while as i put in here the things just lurk well the car starts growing in the brakes won't stop it walk in the horn and for this re-insider think it's all about another roof and the door to the street through a hole in the floor and line a wide and powerful streets there don't real batsman in the backseat a friend day that a shoot at home when the thing is just makes me grow you just bought a crab car from your money oh way oh yes that the crab car could give it away i think that is starting it's a crappy car not a home i got an eight track with a paid second sight and a lighter light work but i cannot find it there's only one way you can start it yes better be on it when you park it i had time to go far right you take your hits you two young to die i think it's sad i think it's true but there are a friend things that i got through you just bought a crab car you can forget our day came out at the crab car will you go in a way think that transmission is a crappy car if a road and now it's starting to slow is a crappy car not a road god damn fucking idiot 12 31 at 560 wqa and here's a fact that says you're in and they healthy human is scored scorched sterile that's what's cracking for a lot of the hell says so what do you write about little urine okay a little back splash that's just an excuse you're making for being a panzy you don't wash your hands at the take a leak no real man washes his hands after he takes a leak what if my girlfriend wants to suck my fingers she's not gonna do that if there's urine on him what about your wife over five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line tell our well guess what honey my fingers are a little dirty but my his clean is a bill clean is a whistle here's my amy hello yes sir hi you all the going great uh about that angry letter the lady wrote about the gays and the bible and all that yes sir and Jesus i mean i mean you know it it's true that if you do read the bible it it um it's a brain to jello right it says it's in war and all that homosexuality but i think i think what people fail play was slavery was okay but homosexuality was all i think it's a personal decision i think if it fits you know you're you're being or whatever you know it's fine if it doesn't then you know you don't stoning all over that that was okay but homosexuality that was bad you know another thing is that you know we're reading it in English and Spanish and things but it was you know within Hebrew then it went to Greek it went to Latin and then finally and that that's what the Greeks scooted all our rectum yeah that's what are really went to all of the hands and the ancient prophets were were deciphering from even ancient language from the language of earth you know something no matter what language is in you know what it all says yeah that's what it all is a power crack you know a connection over how do do live in that live there you go right now do no harm man live in that live you can't be a good question do that you got to twist everybody else's arm and to tell them how to live their life you got to be a busy body because you got to save them even if they don't want to be saved five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello you know yes sir how are you doing buddy i'm doing great oh yeah you don't listen to your soul every day you know right yes sir and i had to show the hell driving two executive guys from like those computer people think and a guy told the term to read you all about what I know he called a boss and got me fired yeah you know I mean these guys you know you're specular kid there you know really not you're about for listening to this show right all kind of common as much a garbage as that he told me trying to bring you down he told me that you you should be in jail I should be in jail for what speaking the truth right you're exactly the kiffed but you know there's called for the VNP you know what was this point what places is this yeah yeah I went to a living with me amateur alone as in yeah you want the drivers well he found it because the guys said you know wouldn't do what say and basically we have to kiss the ass and I wouldn't just do it so well you ought to give George your number we got all the little services in town listen to show maybe we'll get you another job in two minutes okay hold on take care take the guys never online one they're okay lots of maniacs tell them to turn the damn radio down because they don't want to hear the show you ought to kiss this guy's ass that he got the show on a you ought to give them like an extra hundred dollar tip for having to show on is another public service don't you emotional cripples I can't stand the truth five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line see that's the reason that bull crap so much is that we got millions and millions of people out there who want to be bull crap they love it just feed me a lot more man just get out the big shovel and don't stop till I tell you I can't handle them all here's West Palm Beach Ella hey Neil how are you doing today sir I'm sick of society Neil I hate the fact that you travel around you let people emerge in and you know all you want that little hands they thank you people just right okay I don't know anybody but well that's cause you're in Florida man because they're rude because they're obnoxiously rude it's your own you don't want to talk to the light you just want to turn on that imaginary machine gun that's a funny your vehicle and that's right you let a woman cross the street right front of me she even acknowledge that I stopped a little she just walked right by yeah I'm like who the hell are you they all hate don't you understand they all have blinders on they're the only ones on the road the only ones on the sidewalk the only ones crossing the street they're the only ones don't confuse them with the factors the most I think I think Neil caught that my parents raised me right now you have some manners I always say thank you because man there are some rude and and let me tell you something every time when I go out of town no matter where it is I start acted like the people there in other words you get on the elevator you say hello or you know you hold the elevator open for the other people to get off first you come back here you get in your car and I'm even used my directionals here very much almost never any place else I'm driving like in Vegas when I get a rent a car I always turn the blinkers on I drive very politely but here I almost ever use it because nobody else does anyway so they're if they're meaningless they've been rendered meaningless no it was right that way here okay worst part is I do it because you know that you know hate cutting people off I do turn blinkers but then they speed up and they don't want you get over yeah right all right that happens all the time god bless you yeah okay back to you the only time I do that is use it is in the morning when I'm getting on 595 because that yeah and the people do use it there because there are people getting off of there and there are people also getting none and any place elsewhere people know how to drive like in Los Angeles on a freeways you put your breaker on you don't even have to look I mean you do look because you can't be too positive but you're the only we really have to look because you know that the person there behind you they're going to hit the break just tap it and let you in there that's the way people drive when you're out there in the road it's not like one person and everybody else get out of my freaking way that's not the way it works it's like a cooperative effort which here of course and in the vocabulary 560560 by the way I got some music standing by today if we get these phones real quiet we'll see seem to be starting to do this oh yeah I'm not making a route with it's your night anymore I'm going to the big time 567560 p560 on our prestigious mobile one line now what was that that was another one of those things because you would like to be smoking a cigar but you don't want to light it up water's pots you got good it's great rejoin yeah we're at smoking cigars we're talking who's gonna you first no No, no, no. Where all the fires are best to him in his new room. Why the sun came in, just moved and John John. Where all you know is that you're floating, I'll throw my life in the air. But again, stop it, I'll throw the blue. Lord in the luggage, can't be a clue. Okay. Lord in the luggage, can't be a clue. Lord in the luggage, can't be a clue. By the way, I mentioned this to guys in Chuck and Dan brought it in. I did that for us. I don't think I mentioned that. Chuck and Dan, so blame them, don't blame us. I think it's very tasteless and crude and disgusting and very ill-time, but nevertheless, I've played it anyway. It's 1244-560WQM, so what does this thing that guy facts me about, oh, this is from the internet. By Rick's single, the guy called about before. He says, let us not turn it into the origin of sediment and commerce of mindless mythologizing and cheap emotionalism that we saw with Princess Diana, and he goes on at great length, and he's right. I don't want to read the whole thing because quite frankly, it's just repeat what I've been saying. An office in up already, okay? And see it end by the way, which I'm not watching. I'm watching MPV and much music, anything else I can get my hands on. I might have some good naked people on, but nevertheless, every time I flip back to their 30 seconds ago, they still got breaking news. I got up this morning, it was breaking news. They found a big chunk of the planet as body was inside, and here it is. It's a quarter to one. That was seven o'clock. It was six hours ago. It was breaking news. And they're still breaking it. Jesus Christ and Saul, what the hell kind of crap is this? Breaking freaking news. They found the body, and you know something that was six hours ago they had to, and he still did. How do you like that? And you get up tomorrow morning at 7 o'clock, and he gets what? He'll still, and it'll still be breaking news. I don't you wish they'd like some small country would start like a little worse or something, anything. Please. I'm just making a note with. Maybe the loss of it can start one last, you know, big, uh, and that's it. Maybe Castro might have a bad debomble, but it's something that came out and are setting enough for the local station to release the interrupt and break in this crap. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Did you see on table last night they interviewed Larry Flampe? No, I did not. He was speaking about when he was invited by John John JFK Jr. to that White House correspondent, I think he was in a month of April. Yeah. And they asked him about this is the same guy who published nude photos of his mom, 24 years prior. And then he and P take him to a black tied dinner as his personal guest. Uh-huh. Oh, they were both publishers, man. Yeah, but still he has to be published something about my mom. You know, I'm not, you know, nude photos for the whole world. I'm not going to invite him. You know, if I'm buddy, buddy with him. Yeah. And then they also were talking about there's a lady she's called the social secretary for Jackie on asked it. Yeah. She was saying that that whole salute with stage that they even pull everybody know everybody knows that. Yeah, that they put something in his right hand because he kept saluting with his wrong hand when they were rehearsing. Well, they showed it again last night on a PBS thing. And you can see that she kind of nudges him and the fact that he's going by. And he put his hand very briefly and then he kind of like Carl's his fingers up. He didn't know what he was doing. He was barely three years old. Yeah. Why does everybody make a big say? You know, it reminds me of you. Remember when when Diana's casket when a procession went by Buckingham Palace and then they were the visual queen who they hated each other like poison. Yeah. She stood there and she grudgingly because of all the public side is there. She grudgingly gave that nod with the head, you know, that kind of salute. And then they made a big deal about that. Exactly. And she ain't three years old, but she acts like it. Have a great day, pal. You should take care. Okay. You know, all this little symbolism. Oh, do you see that? She had that look on her face and she nodded. And oh, yeah, she finally showing her respect to the fairy princess. No, the fairy princess is the one that just got married. His name is Prince Edward. That's the fairy princess. Not Diana. And hitting each other like like poison. You can't imagine how much they hated each other. And the top and all off. The whole family there. Not just Diana, but the whole bunch of them. They don't want to go up. They don't want to be whole in the snow. I wouldn't waste one of my little dogs bullets on them, okay? The winzers. Like I said the other day. Germans mask waiting as British and they're all curting and bowing down to them and Yadiyadiyada. Yeah, big, bigumous. The rich and the famous and the upondress. And the overindulged. That's what they need to do. Those constipated brits. They need to have a coup. One day. one day they get enough beers in them, enough of that cheap crap they drink and just go in there and just take over to hold God damn palace and kick the windows out. That's what I say. I don't think I'm going to have to get in the front and split up all the money. So all those starving brits over there don't have to be eaten so much spotted. Dick. Five six seven. Oh, and you said, tell me yesterday that there was a cockney thing, which I thought was a very bad choice of words. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one. Well, that's what you said. Here's a lady mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, you know, I'm changing such effective winkers. Back to one. Winkers? Winkers? Yes. That's what most people have blakers on their head. Well, we should be losing them as well to send an example for everybody. I think we all need to teach you people how to drive. Yeah. I should be sending an example. Yes. See, why don't worry about sending an example when I drive? I worry about a survival. Well, the ride knows nobody will be around your butt if you put on wankers. I don't think anybody's worried about we're ending my butt. Okay. Believe me. No chance. Okay. Well, I think we should all use thinkers and we should have public service announcements. And everything was stupid language for all these third world people in Haitian Creole and St. at Anninglish. Advidens will have to use the American traffic law. Benchamaking. Come on. Okay. Find Jamaican too. Whatever you want. But we need to teach you people that you need to use your turn signal. Do you need to drive respectfully? Yes. And you need to put your head like someone at rain. How come with traffic stops here when it rains? It's not snow for Christ's sake. It rains. You explain that once in a... Yeah. I don't get it. There's stupid and an F. I don't get it. We need to put head like on when it rains. It's dark out. You can't see other cars out of respect for your own softness. Your own softness. You put your life on. And you should use your hearing signal. Yeah. And we should be telling these people more all about this and public service announcements. We're going to check the dollar. Just do it. No excuses. Just do it. Just to blink it on and blink it off. There you go. It's okay. Nice going sweetheart. I hope that you make announcements over your... When it's raining out. I'm getting... I'm getting... So if it's not getting off here at 2 o'clock, I'm getting a megaphone. Going out here on 441, I'm going to start bisoning these bastards out. I think you said, why should you do it? Get one of your interns to do it. We'll get JP to go out there in the bitchamote. Yeah. Put on the phone up fine. It's just up for our hangs callers. He's going out there and bitching out some of the people on the road. Okay. Have a great day sweetheart and calm down. Hey listen. You're not even getting paid much less have it to take a bunch of crap from callers. I don't care what the nephew tells you. Okay. That's running around here today like he runs the joint. I am in my lifetime. Seriously, if this was a shoe shine stand, I never have seen a place like this. This is just astonishing. How this little inner circle of Greg Reed. How they just... It's like a pecking order. If I can use that word. Can I use that word? No. Like I said, a peckering order. And if this wasn't in here, well this one takes over. And then sand takes over. Like the trickle down thing, you know. And like if the important people from the inner circle aren't here, then the nephew takes over. He's running the joint. And probably soaking it too. And he's bossing around the interns. And you don't talk to the callers like that. And he's, you know, bossing around everybody. Except those of us who get paid for a living here. Who would tell him to eff off real fast. Next time he comes in for free food. I noticed he was eating okay today. Didn't seem to be having no gagging reflexure and that problem. I guess he'd like to price. 560560 there he is. Yeah, back to you. Okay, thanks for getting him to stop the assignment. Then leave my buddy alone here. Okay, he's under a lot of stress. And get laid yet today. 5, yeah. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Back on the handwashing issue. Yes. Don't know. Please don't tell me you'll wash your hands. After you take a leek, sir. Well, I just don't want to shake your hand ever. And probably the last thing I want is your urine on my hand. I don't pee on my hand, man. We must have a lot of people here with bad aim. I'd have never pee on my hand in my life. I'm 56 years old. I must be missing out on something. I have never pee on my hand in my life. Okay. How about worse than that? I don't want your last life lovers. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, my last night lovers, whatever he's done. He's on my penis. Yeah, wow. That's interesting. How does that work? Maybe on a re-case face. Well, he's just trying to clear up his complexion. No, maybe that big thing will go away someday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, what? I will see another guy making an apology. Make try to turn into a homophobic thing because he's the pansy. You're not fooling me for a minute. You can try to turn it around. Just like all that anal sex crap. You should have heard a little half an hour ago in here. I don't want to mention it was George that was trying to like a, pervert one of our young interns in here. That at least has enough common decency that he's not trying to penetrate his girlfriend. Let go, no. Got a little bit of decency here. That's the least of their problems. It was before before you opened up a big mouth. Well, he's got to move over to some Cuban chicks now, I guess. You know, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, I try to have a little sensitivity for my friends. I don't try to come on here. I mean, if you want to start a song at an answer about how you got Shannon's birthday is Friday, her 23rd birthday. Written in 75 big bowl letters on a counter up there because Crystal might be listening now. We have a special present plan for her. Now that you do, and about 230. And I hear you're going to have some serious competition. Who's going to deliver it? Here's a Markle Island Hill. That's great. It is great. Listen, here's the odd guy. I agree with you. The annual perpetrator in there. Yes. You don't, you're an entry dickie. It's nobody piece on the hand. Well, I'm a heard of such a thing. Listen, if you go to the bathroom, you watch your water hands first. You don't touch your beautiful penis with dirty hands. That's what I keep telling these people. They just don't get it. See, the thing that me or amuses me is that when people are brainwashed in a certain kind of behavior, which they do just by habit, and then somebody says, you know, you're doing something that really makes no sense that it's stupid. Instead of thinking about it and saying, you know something in your right, they right away react with hostility. Like what do you know? I had a fella after you said, don't you watch your hands? It's not it, it's my hand. I watched it before. Right. I don't piss him of him. Anyway, you know, can I see a douchebag? Yeah. Good old-down, you douchebag. Okay, clean up your act. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, unimobile one line. Aneal sex. What is wrong with you crazy? He had a sexual people. Okay. Oh, see, it's always the deflection angle, man. So to speak. Always trying to, you know, lay something off on the fags on this one. It's everybody but us. I'm not going to rehash so to speak. What we went through two shows here last year, I'll allow on this program. Two of the most painful days of my life. And I mean that literally just listening to all of this horrendous spectrum talk. God. That was the beginning of a whole epidemic that started in this town. And from that day forward, from that day forward, every time we get a collar we have to ask, where you fudge back them? Yeah. And usually the answer is, there we go. Every time we get a straight guy calling the answer is always, and when we get a flag calling the answer is usually, there's. Yeah. Thank God, there's me. I guess I'm the only one on the odd man out so to speak. Maybe that's why I'm still alive. Wow. Oh. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Okay. I know that you keep on checking out my dad. I know that you could sometimes read. Yeah. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, not that. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Oh, boy. Someone is calling me. Oh, boy. I got so perfect to see Because I have to tell things No, I'm not good, but it's fine And I've got to think well Oh, my show Oh, you're so nervous You're okay You should be scared of food You're a mental role in those great things And I know that I'm in the car And I know that I'm in the car I know that I'm in the car Whatever you're going to find, the great news The autograph signing and the parking lot The arm she's going to be on the 496 tomorrow morning out here tomorrow morning between 8 and 930 It's 1.02 at 5.60WC We have 40 years for the Open Line 5.675.60 Pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line And then on Friday morning between 8 and 930 between 8.930 Ricky Martin signing autographs for power 96 listeners in a parking lot here in our right outside our building. Here's a moment in Hollywood hello. Hey how you doing Neil pretty good sir. You know I noticed something very strange about this whole thing about Kennedy. I mean Caroline was on Caroline was on some rafting trip. She wasn't going to or first cousin's wedding. That's right. Yeah and then then when he when he gets killed rather than go to the family where everybody's an ionized boat. Yeah. He took the truck to the local Long Island and then on top of wall it is. Teddy goes over there. I think swine is friend of squatch it to get her to come back to high-end is for but she could he comes back alone and she goes out by lighting while everybody in the street is a circle crying in front of the guy's house. This is a country so we gotta control. Holy sick. And that's what she said. And not only that. Let me say what's the big chemist. Yeah. Let me tell you another thing. You think it's been bad so far. What do I think he's probably going to get buried on Channel 7 about 99 times? I'll tell you one thing if a ticker in Sanchez with him just once at all that'll be worth a price of admission. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line boy that election is a week from May ready for. Yeah. Just say no. Tamar Pinga just said. No. Tallies agree Robert. They merit steer high in two by the way. No. Just remember that great metro really gave you the first time. The billion dollar boom dog all the hell of the ones that they exposed it. Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach. I'll by the way the nephew lie. They're still hammering and banging and pounding and whatever. Mobile in Jensen Beach. They kneel. Yes sir. Lots of hospitality and stupidity out there today I think. Yes. And what I'm detecting from some of the colors and where they're calling in from. But on that being subject. You know let's get back to the peeing subject. Let's get back to the pigs. I was just recalling the last time I might have peed on myself. I think I'm going to kind of broken arm you know more you're even a one handed kind of a deal or that's the only somebody that's incapacitated might teel themselves. But other than you who would want to shake their hand anyway. I don't think so. And the last thing on the Kennedy deal. There are these are traffic controllers. New this guy was dead the first the first minute when he dropped off their screen. So that's our fancy journalism and hype and everything else that can. We got to hand it to a man it's only Wednesday in the middle of the day in this happened late Friday night and I guarantee you they can stretch us out to maybe 10 days easy. Well at least until the next defy escalator so anyway the help have a great day. And back to you. Okay five six seven we got the Ricky Martin stand in by. Yeah. New what calls we got 14 have got five. Come on we are you can do it. Why do you stop? You know something when you say Ricky Martin sucks it's not a knock it just effect. Five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line as we're continuing rolling along. It's only July twenty first we might make it to the summer what do you think. No we might just squeeze our way through this I had my doubts though. Let's talk about those old baseball announces again so we do that. That's good in your demographic is a hundred plus. I was thinking about that you know Hank and I had a good time fifteen minutes doing that yesterday by the way Hank will not be a tool is today he will be here in the building for whatever reason probably the equipment got peed on again over there at the coolest. But nevertheless you know we had a good time with that but I was thinking about myself well when I left here well that's interesting to us most people in our listening audience who are like you know 25 and 35 even 40 years old today remember rust hodges and the melaline and any of these people who are not present of course not. So if you're going to sit around and talk to old gezers like yours truly you mean Hank and all the other old parts then we're having a good time with it but the living and breathing people in the audience that we beg and plead and we pray that we can get a few of those on A.M. radio we don't want to chase them away by talking about a bunch of boring horsecraft like that so it was a lot of fun once we'll never do it again. How about that Mar Valbert? Here's a mobile somebody that can relate to mobile in their field be chill out. How you doing now? Pretty good sir. Just a comment on you we uh message you about Paul and the Ellen on the the quick and news you know the quick and news. What language are you speaking? What language are you speaking? I'll speak in English. English. Are you cocking anybody No I'm Scottish. Oh Scottish. Oh you're the best who invented golf. Shame on you. Hey we did the window one at the weekend or what? Wasn't embarrassing enough for those kills but then the chase and those balls around all over the place. Oh my god. It's wrong with that. Anyway let's do a little bit of an animal there and a couple of hours and then a couple of weeks ago there were four young Scottish guys walking around the streets of Amsterdam with kills and those high socks on and people were just laughing and would you say to the Facebook? What is it? Would you say that to the people? I wouldn't make any difference. They were so bloody drunk. They wouldn't own anyway. Go off so drunk the score. Shall we read drink this call? That's all right. That's all right. I'm not really sure what he said. I think he said. Yeah something like. Get out of here with us. Stop. 56056056560 on the 18 in the I'm telling you every now and then if you could see this thing it's just a good spatic. You've got the stick you've spoon it lad. Don't worry it's not a break. Why is this thing bizarre? Well of course the probably sound of parts from this just don't hold off you. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Neil. Yes sir. One time listener first time call. All right. As far as Jack Kennedy you John John or whatever they want to call him being the last great white hope. I would like to hear that. Where did you hear that? There are some of your people at politically they felt he was the last he was the one he wasn't politically he wasn't involved in politics he wasn't qualified to be a part of that because of his father he would eventually run for prison but while I just wanted to say that right now a lot of people that are talking politics read and thinking politics check to look at this guy Bill Bradley. I know this this is not a police. Yeah. Yeah but he may be a little boy. I'm not interested to have in basketball players his president milkater. He's not a basketball player. He wasn't a basketball player. He's a player you should play with a next and praise your hollow size. So what do you mean he's not a basketball player? You just what what what's one of your saying either he is a he's also a road scholar. Yeah. Okay. You have to center because you didn't like to read politics who's going. Yeah. Yeah. And let me tell you how many chances that Bill Bradley's got okay. I think that the Bradley company the people that make those games they got a better chance. I don't know anything about that. Okay. I don't know anything about that you probably know more about it than I do. Well I do. Yeah I do. In fact that I'm going to certainly think about him. Well we can see what bottom of the long. If it makes you a rigid or something man. What I think about him all day but he's got no chance. What am I George W. You think George W is? I think he's a one step away from JFK Junior. I think he's nothing weapons to be the son of a next president. That's what I think. And Al Gore. I mean what are you saying? We're going to like how about the mayor of Pingo? Who would you like? Bill Bradley ain't going to get it. Okay. He's got and when you got a worse personality than Al Gore what does that tell you? Well he may not get it but you certainly is going to give your Gore a run. No he's not. No he is not. I want to tell you all the rules. There's a point. Sir I don't have to make a wage. Your call a bank if you're a red cap. If you want to make a wage. He's got no chance. Take a look at the polls. Do some reading. Watch that CNN show with Bernie Shaw. Do a little bit of you know. Instead of just this sitting there at the bapapapapap. You know. Based on the whole role is going to react the way you want. I would agree with you. They're all about to swim. Okay. So what's the sense again? All psychotic about it? That's why the country is so all been out of shape about John Kennedy because even though he wasn't in office long enough to figure out if he was going to be a great president nevertheless at least he gave us a little bit of hope, a little inspiration, a little something and then Bobby come along and about a bit because you don't mess with the mob. Okay. You don't. We were doubled across them. And like I said at the beginning of the show today June 6, 1968 that was it. So just relax you had people like Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan who can't remember what it was all about. I mean these are the people you've had. Mediaquity arises to the top of America. And you want to know why sir? That's the America. It's the way you got it. Oh my god, you're breath so beautiful. Right balls were blue and I heard a band thought. What a butter figure. I think that's a dream and I think right. I think the misty row would turn up by and I think to myself, well put a bigger girl. But now I've dreamed of life in a feeling where I have got to find a day goes. They've been driving every town with my hands saying how would I do? Really mean in you have to do so much time. I guess at the bottom I would do it. In a green ocean bottom now I'm so berate. What a bunch of bigger girls. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a good enough. But I think that's a good thing. Yeah. One 185. That's a good thing. I thought there were two of them. It's a fucking Johnny Baseball. Briefly, 630 we got the a pre game show. And now I've got that I've got beat park the Brazac de Marlon. They shameless display this morning on the worst theme is they were sucking around big time, you know what a ghost is then tough. Friday the dip dónde house Barbara. He's blaming the station and blaming them for the fact that people know when to come back and see a crap team that chooses 600 games this year and then all of a sudden just a few days later. Oh yeah the great great hadmaticism got to be pitching for a land of night. So and whats the great diplomatic line to get that worse and why. It's hard. Bad with that worst thing. I'm talking about I mean you put a product out there that's worth paying to go see it's a little entertaining Okay fine and of course if it weren't 110 degrees in the shade and if the mosquitoes weren't as big as watermelon and if you were bored Is that what you probably are But I mean if it was crap last week or two weeks ago when it won a last-home stand it probably still crap right now isn't it nice game last night Leave on I can't you think leave on good when eight games this year no Here's some rise hello Yes, sir John was fairly accomplished but what I really want to know is he was what he was fairly accomplished But what I want to know about what happened with Amy Akins and you're a NASA career if it's just touching that briefly Oh Amy Akins and my announcing career last time I checked my announcing career is going on very well, sir. How much you making? Well, yeah, he was fairly accomplished that the whammy shot don't you remember Amy Akins on the annus there on whammy? Yeah, very very overpaid. Yeah. Oh, yeah, she was overpaid and by the way she hit on anymore Am I income like 99% of it now 100% of it all comes from this radio station? How you doing sir? I'm not missing any meals. Okay last time I checked so there's an update on my broadcasting career 560 560 560 560 all these little wise guys out there But thank you so much for listening to the new Roger show religiously care on 560 WQAM sacrificing all the other great things You could be doing to make sure you don't miss a goddamn word. Thank you so much Here's Boka hello Boka mail yes, sir. You know just thought you'd get a real kick out of it I happen to run across Rush Limbaugh at 10 minutes to one and believe it or not he's agreeing with your philosophy Well, of course he would be agreeing with it because he hates the Kennedy because he's bargaining fashion No kind of ability to resist so what's the point? I don't want to hear about laraness Limbaugh, okay, sir Just see there's a guy who wants to suck my ass Because laraness Limbaugh says it's to therefore it runs a credibility you know something the whole Kennedy family could die in a horrible crash and he'd get on there and say well Who cares? You know where the good people? There's no credibility there because he's a political animal that appeals to the basis instincts of ugly white wing fascists You got it sir. You got it. Oh good 560 70560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Miami hello Hey, now not not to get on a soap box, but to just look at the fact Ted Kennedy past legislation in the in the Senate For 35 years that is probably affected more people positively than most people Most great people have ever done Yeah, he's got his guilt and obviously he's got his wards and You know obviously you can get over Chapaquite his personal life is really faster. He's taken and I remember seeing him making a speech at Harvard about a few years ago It was on C-Span I watched the entire thing and he talked you know very much from the heart about how his greatest regretted that his personal life had been such a disaster And he wishes he could redo this and and I had you got the feeling that he was sincere and met a new course He's still a keep drunk, but nevertheless his personal life was one thing But what difference does it make professional life has been exemplary? He's been a great senator and like you said he's he's passed more legislation in any one year of his 35 years in a Senate Then most of these other people will in the lifetime and in 76 and you remember 76 and 80 I believe he had two good runs up to a point obviously that chapter critical is You know a role two good runs in one well you're at the primary you know He did not he didn't run in 76 you wrong in 1980 he did yeah, okay in 80 And he didn't have a good run. He lost 26 out of 40 states. He got annihilated Well, I'm just saying I a lot of people were jumping I don't have a fanwagon, but thought okay He's gonna you know give it a shot because he really wanted you know to get elected I think you know I think with all the tragedy that happened to his two brothers But the problem with that is he wanted to get elected and he really didn't know why and he didn't articulate very well What is a platform is all about he was only running because of the pressure of the Kennedy family that he fell on him That he wrote some tell to be present again and of course this was part of the lunacy of the old man's theory in the first place Two terms for John two terms for Bobby and two terms for Teddy like we really didn't have a royal family I love gay were somehow it was an entitlement to them like they were gonna have 24 years in a White House like they owned it or at least least it Right, I think the tragedy I could use it before early was it was Bobby because the potential there You know, which was never fulfilled right was I mean I remember that you know just being ten years old and that was that was traumatic and I'm bad Really blew away that I think the whole country and you know this I mean when you consider the Martin Luther King was assassinated a few weeks before and then Bobby Kennedy all of the minorities Gravitated him and he was like he was the last great white hope if there's really such a thing Exactly and then when he got killed it was kind of like a message like why do you guys Your disenfranchised forget it you're on your own because that's the end of it. Yeah Yeah, yeah, Vietnam you had the civil rights on myself. We had an order gate right when he when he when he went that that was really the end of the You know the air when I was a balloon and I think when take goals, you know, I mean It did you end of the kind of the end of the line finished that's the end of the kind of the brothers They've done their thing enough enough and it's about time that the public starts looking to them like they got the You know a Messiah assembly line somewhere and then fuck it exactly. Okay. Thank you. I have a great day Yeah, when we when we got a pump out the next Messiah up there how we're getting a little impatient now Ain't gonna be that Carol. I can't find that bitch 567. Oh 560 pun in a way I better not say you know I was gonna say the same thing like Johnny Versace because at least he was a designer all of his His factions were suspected best, but you know there was a certain crowd on South Beach that made a big big to do and of course He got a tragic dead. He got you know blown away and although he was terminally all anyway. They didn't want to talk about that but nevertheless But the semistate made about him and of course the other people that could not and killed You know they got a total of maybe five minutes of media coverage because they weren't celebrities any of them And especially the the caretaker up there the guy in Jersey The cemetery caretaker that he need to steal the truck so he killed a guy there. He got about 20 seconds. That was all he got And Johnny Johnny Johnny ever such yeah like he was some great. What was so great about him? Other than the fact he had all that money and used to send his buddy out there to find the hustlers on South Beach and you know more power to a man Of course you start doing all those people you never know what you're gonna catch 560 that's why protection is where it at baby put on that rubber raincoat I'm not talking about a condom. I'm talking about a full body raincoat before you even start thinking about it Here's Miami. Hello, hey Miami. Yes, sir. Hey listen I'm listening. I think your jealous, you know since when did you start categorizing yourself as a white man I'd change you the last time I took about you you're Jewish, right? Oh, yeah, okay? So what make you think you're white? That's why you jealous about the Kennedy's Because you want to be in a position. Oh, they're Jewish. Well, you begging You don't you know the Kennedy's are Jewish? You're begging for justice to come attend to you. I'm begging for what you are begging for doctors this morning What you really not back What language are you speaking sir? I'm you said listen when you started you haven't said a goddamn thing yet Okay, my dark and pluckage for our two friends 560 I'm not a white man because I'm Jewish. How do you like that next thing is gonna be telling me you're not white cuz you're Cuban And of course you may have a point on that 567 Indians on we love the Indians by the way 560 and 560 and 560 on the 18 of course we like the American and the other ones we like like the cinemas, you know There are no Cuban Indians you're a boy. That's what you think kill them all. Yeah, that exactly just like the American Engine just like the Cowboys right Troy Do you want to help you? Something you roll up on just send them a bit to doctor type what you said Do you are your family suffer from things the makers of Zyfan wants you to know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things Zyfan winner of the Department of Health for stages longest list of side effects award for two years running Siphia talk to your doctor today some swelling the brain and fitness and lies in various glands and that same onwards Why two gay history attendations and plays a blocus to be associated with the use of Siphia other possible side effects Superplines Disney's loss of boy loss of color loss of cheese straight into the hair a version of swing music zombies and likes that Talking like Roger Ebert it's your organization floating head in the couch some patients are reported bird vision for a long talking Australian saying the phrase good to go knock news broken bones Well the Ibromic of high cholesterol lowest team wet packing cost dry. He saw that we meet sexist clock watching and recording Is a more significant number of Zyfan users are reported occasional doubts of test man Random loss of his trouser can do recie poor head twisting the truth Spine straight and told in the line here they're to muscle as a cloud a thing is gas vessel incessant stirring and working Get your complete list of side effects on our website at www.siphian side effects are you kidding me question mark.org Zyfan keep away from cats dogs snakes children the young at heart and goats Zyfan Hey, it's we better take some the start tone alone. I'll tell you that 132 at five 60 w q m senator Kennedy's on his way to the site where they find junior's body He's gonna get everybody in the van and drive mall back 56705 shit when he's good. I know is what I got those neural bridges pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's Miami. Hello, no yes, sir. Oh, just a green thing for a local level. There are about 10,000 screaming Columbia history on the street quarters of Miami wanting the For all the illegal clungists come over. Yeah. What do you think about that? Well, I mean bringing a lot of good drugs What do you think I mean? Where do I think what do I mean what do I think do you have to ask me what I think can we hold those? Of course not more clungians down here. We can't hold any more anybody down here Have any jobs down here? Where do you know? Broward County? They're gonna open up a drug factory Are they gonna go up they're gonna bring in the meddling cartel is what they're gonna do so they don't have to spend so much on postage 567 and of course the Jamaicans had a one to repeat an appearance now That's all we need 10,000 more Colombians in here. We're really got tourists even the Jamaicans know what source means Yeah, that's what happens if you do with a jerk too much pork 5670560 pom-560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in April. So hello Mobile in Naples for the radio turnway up hello Yeah, yeah, yes sir. Yeah, yes question the gas team when they pull a body out You think you're still gonna be the sexiest man alive? But put that on the cover. Yeah, they're gonna put him out of cover newsweek Yeah, and that's you know that okay Yeah, like I said 5670560 pom-560 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a lady in Miami. Hello You got yes man, yeah Bring your chance into a local loss to a one a local Lost that was suffering here locally. Yes, how would be all in Say like how are be-in-was in city link? You know that Tell me he dies. No, they're moving on. Oh this week's the last column He's leaving us Oh Yeah, there's something about family considerations and I juicy off of the plot my trade-offs where I mean this is the final world How would be all here in the case? The only person that ever wrote anything here that made any sense in all ears that I've been here and He doesn't pretty good job in this one except for the fact that seems like you're missing a pair of Graph between one page to the other but yeah, or part of a pair of graphs But it's worth a look and I just want to let you know you didn't miss it. Well, thanks for the bad news Yeah, well now you're the only voice of sanity on the in the media I hope you can take the burden. Okay. I'm gonna I'm gonna total line. Thanks. Bye 5607. Oh 560. Maybe that's what Ted's going out there for maybe he's gonna go to to a 560 on the 18th The wireless line Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hello, yes man. Yes I think we should start respecting this and you should stop talking Which for saying to get say that we should just respect them given at least that type of kindness That's all you need. Well, what do we should find there? They're still there talking and talking just let it all back How are you the can you wish we won't award? Do you know what it means that a conversation or not? Yeah, I say something to you sure How come all the networks keep banging away on us? It's already Wednesday, okay? It's true It's the media's a little bit too much but that doesn't mean you have to go wild with your with your whole freak show Sweet It was a young guy Apparently he was going to weddings and had a beautiful family way to a wedding how about people are we're going to Goal term what there was just a make where he was going what does that have to do with it? He was going to a wedding he was going to his family's wedding to celebrate and he's passed away It's very sad this whole thing and how about people that are going to a West how about people that are going to wedding and get They're for the bride and the groom are involved and it wound up as crazy I'll come they how come they don't they're up the news for five days to tell America about that This is Kennedy elected mark in our lives John have kidding what Markton John have Kennedy junior leave in your life In my life. Yes, we're just president I'm talking about he did he died 36 years ago. I'm talking about the one that just died. What mark did he leave in your life? He was I he I like the way that he handled the whole magazine he didn't go because he didn't do what the family said he did what he wanted to do and he started a company and that takes a lot of guts He just put off his parents richness and yet he went out there and he didn't live off his parents richness Well of course the help but he went out there Man, let me ask you this question. Okay, seriously when did he start George magazine how many years ago? a few years ago a very few maybe three four years ago, okay now with that he was 38 years old when he died So that means the lot time he was 34 or 35 years What was the electrical prior to that he was one he went to logical prior to that and slump the bars and twice. Yes He's quite that you have many people front the bar exam. That's not the point that He was in a circle he was in a practice he was in a system district attorney from New York and never had what is it? Exactly he worked with a DA and he never during the time he had that job handled why was never entrusted with any case of any great significance So who was he who was money was he living off of during all that time? He was living off his money. He's a very good man. He was a little man. Why don't you answer my question lady? Who's money was he living off? Who's money was he just living on the hold on? Okay He was living off the Kennedy money off those millions and billions of dollars of bootleg Kennedy money That's what he was living you're living off up and you can't stand it because you know the one of those Lala land people lady Notice it's the women oh, yeah, oh, I was cute. That's all she wouldn't admit it. He was cute. That's what a lot of these women are all about Well, I sure I'm working Martin to get under those little jet those little puddle jumpers Can you imagine oh I can't even begin Don't you're a wiki for you don't need a plane to fly Yeah And of course if he falls in the water don't worry because he's low Get out of here 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18T water slime an additional which lady if you don't like what I'm saying here today because you too much of an emotional cripple to handle it truth How come you're still listening you love it? You got the giant god name electric cucumber out why did you admit it right now sweetheart? you're sitting on it God He was using these ladies don't money. He wanted what it own money what money? And there's a lot of people that's blunt law school. What is an accurate okay? I'm not saying he's the only one that ever did it and even twice He wasn't a shadow of the other Kennedy's okay. He was much into about nothing And I'll say it the third day in a row. I can't seem to get this across and the god damn maybe you won't stop Inundating with us with us with this with it with us How about you? I'm gonna flip on 202 right now on a small dish on CNN look at that So if we if may bear that Oh This is an American disease. This is an American mental illness the media have suffered a collective nervous freaking breakdown They've lost it. They've gone off the deep end if I can use that expression And if I went off the deep end as much as I like Ted Kennedy I don't think I'd call him come pick me up Hey, Duel Fuck you There off. What's the matter of Judy? I just found out Michael has Hard on oh no. I just don't know what you do. Well when Shirley's boyfriend had one He went to the hard-on treatment center of America hard-on treatment that's our yeah It's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested if you think they could help Michael It was very kind in tearing when Philip had his owner He doesn't even watch the USA channel at night anymore The hard-on treatment center of America helping so many Americans who their hardship brought on by big booze and so many Erasmits videos. He's called today. Don't get excited you're not alone It's the hard-on treatment center of America cold water standing by Sometimes some of you people came into the real world and come out of your Lala land Okay, if you want real world turn on MTV it's 144 at five 60 WQAM 5 670 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line of Hank Oldberg show Hank and a studio today not a two is don't go out there looking for them for autographs Six o'clock Donnie baseball 630 the pregame Atlanta at the Marlins and we understand from the morning crew this morning You better go out there and buy some tickets because otherwise they've done broski vip pistach and start blaming them for it Here's West Palm Beach hello Hi Neil yes sir. What's happening? How you doing good show? I Where the call you for a few days at the show you did on Friday about the The graphic neighborhoods yeah, it was Thursday, you're Friday right anyway I'm driving all my I have a I live in a neighborhood that's Half black half white and then then people are making an effort to keep it clean and neat and I met a black man there trimming his bushes and I asked him for some clippings You know I wanted to make some bonsai's out of the voting vehicle things and we got it into a nice conversation It turned out he just bought the house I can graduate it and said you know wish you wish him luck, you know I just love to see people you know as they are not as black or white, you know and if they take care of her place And a respectable rather people that's all we should care about you know number two if they take care of their place Right, yeah, and don't don't you know Heard anybody right the NH your motto there too many drugs on the street corner right right and another thing and news me The news media is out of control with this Kennedy thing and I've been away from the TV So I don't know did they find out what kind of bowel movement he had on the way down Yes, that in fact that's what Ted is out there for right now to investigate. Oh, okay I was worried about that They said Ted knows his crap. Let's send him out to figure it out. Okay. Have a great day. Hey more more. Yes, sir This and I had to go to an opportunity to work at the Archbishop of Philadelphia's mansion Yeah for about three months there's no fact in the church Yeah, or not and they had a little room set aside and had a sign on it said the pox room Okay, I had to do some work in there on the day and I was able to throw the window open and smoke a big fatty there in the pox room So things are looking up he'd be probably He would have a great day. All right buddy. Yeah. Bye. How do you like that? Here's a guy that had the cohones to go in here and do it just like they do in a Vatican Why do you think they got that big smoke signal coming out of the top of Vatican? FNA man he's doing that that's why they supply here's right up a little bit all the good stuff's going to the Vatican If the Pope ain't doing it if he's out of town the Swiss guard are doing it Here's Miami. Hello Hey, hey, don't okay, sir. Let me just ask all these people who are crazy about the full story for our obsessed Looking for obsessed You think people will be going that's no if it was Chelsea Clinton Of course he was 110 years old and Rickel bubble bitch, but I mean did anybody give a crap about that? No, I just don't get it. You know if the media can't view themselves, you know It's not only the media, okay, but you know the public are upset like with this Elvis thing Okay, when Elvis and then the great-sland thing I talked about the other day There are there obsessed with celebrity if you are deemed to have been a celebrity and something happens to you Then the public immediately is ready to go nuts and if the media decides to really play it up big then the public just has a Collective collapse, but you know something. I think it's a generational thing I have it to be 33 years old. Yeah, I don't remember and I'm you know I'm up there. I'm working class now I don't remember all this hysteria. I think it's a way for people to relive their youth They remember this little kid and it brings it back and they get off a college He had nothing to do with my youth. I'm as big of a Kennedy fan as you'll find anywhere Although I'm not in the politics, and I don't have you know I have a very realistic view of what they were all about and I watched that thing on PBS last night and twice during the thing I had tears in my eyes was very emotional for me, but you know something He had nothing to do with any of that. He didn't represent it to me He was not a part of it. He wasn't in any way to like his story or He was like, how do I say you are stupid? But people are stupid because he was a good looking guy And they made him up to be a glamour person. They put him on a front of magazines and now all of a sudden it's like the day anything How do you explain that? I don't get that either, but I tell you what I call my wife already We're going out for menelops at a night. All right. See you tasteless Terrible nice going Oh, it's wrong with that. Maybe tell bring some back. You know, maybe he's out there Craven What are they called? Shrimpon 560 560 maybe they'll find Mary Jo a little more her down there. I mean they did bring her back. She wasn't the car But you do remember that. She was in the car not doing too good They showed that again last night where the guy from the coast guard said back in 69 Why do you know if we'd had a little bit the notice instead of the 10 hours notice we finally got well He was kind of like thinking about what you know, what do I do now? What do I say? I also probably So bring up a little bit too. They wanted to make a sober judgment on that 10 before 2 at 560 WC and that's another thing as much as I like Ted Kennedy You do understand that if it had been somebody like although what we do have separate rules for people are quite on that level like anybody Remember Rick Sanchez? Yeah, how's that guy doing that he didn't front of PB park huh? I think he died and he's dead died Isn't Rick still squatting over to mat there on channel 7 didn't he do any time for like man slaughter for kill that guy front of the oh yeah, see So close to sure if you got the right connections. I mean even if people die as we've already rations You just go on and keep squatting on it