The Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, who often talks in Neil, called 566-0560 toll free for native rarers, or pound 560 on yourself for the opinions of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the Beesley Broadcast. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 566-208L, he's Friday, you first. There is self-sense. I think I love my head. Oh, I think I love my head. I love to eat, in the cheese. I think I need my head. It's never been to me. I think I need a hand. I'll get out of my head. I can still hold my hand. I wish I'd grow that thing much better in the air, because if you try to shake my hand, it's not bad, it's not bad. So what'll be? Just be never. When something goes to a plan, you might be just manberg, and maybe you can have a picture. I think I love my head. I think I love my head. I love my head. That was 4560. I'm happy Friday. Everybody here is the Tommy just handed me the ESPN magazine. This is unbelievable. Thank you, Geldy. This is Geldy's copy, by the way. It says for better or worse on the cover, and it's got a picture of Mike Dittka and a Tuxedo, and he's getting married in this picture to Ricky Waters who's dressed up, and a lovely bridal outfit. Nice wedding gown. That's... God. Hey, listen, that's what goes. Everybody wants to be Dennis Rodman. Why I don't know. Yes, I'm aware of the fact that we have a little concert time going on again. Now, I'm not going to waste my time responding to this. Yeah, of course. I mean, it's a middle of the summertime. It's death-falley days, baby. You bet you sweet ass. I'm going to respond. Seems that because of their desperately declining ratings, the morning show on Zeta, they're desperate. First they try to suck in, uh, when that's attack on the psychics, they attack our good Frenchville Griffin, who's making more money in a week than both of those bosos put together in a year. And then this morning because we had the audacity to tell it like it is on issue about them yesterday, they were attacking me, which I get several spy reports in a building about. Now, this is the same Ron Bruer that had the audacity, the Hutzpa to attack our close personal Frenchville Griffin for her lack of integrity, for selling out and doing that psychic stuff. And he's questioning her credibility, and he comes on this morning again, according to reports. Look at spy reports. I'm sure from the audience, but I'll just quote the things I've been told here this morning because I don't listen to that show. That wasn't either one of those shows. But Ron Bruer, who's so much better than all of us that was put together, so much older than now, comes on in lies to his teeth about everything this morning. We've got a consultant, an issue, do we have a consultant on this show? No. Does anybody tell us how to do the phone? No. What to say? No. Even after the FCC find? No. Or a lids find? Pending? No. Do we screen the calls heavily here? No. From the whole downturn video down. That's it. Are they putting those calls live on the year over there? No. So that whole part is alive. But you see one thing, and the most ironic part of it is, these goodly two shoes are so much older than the rest of us. I'm what's supposed to be like, you know, an alternative radio station, you know, whatever it is, classic clock, whatever they're calling it this week. They survive or they're she. After they put you that up. I'd go on queer channel. See, that's why they're so desperate over there. Everybody in the market, especially the people within the business. They turn on the issue and they've been doing it for 20 years. When a ratings come out, not every book, but every month now that we get rated every month with these trends. Every month they tune in to say, oh, how did we do? How did they do? How did everybody else do? Because they know that they get the honest figures here. Whether they're good for us or bad, they get the honest figures. Anybody who would go on a year and lie about ratings is a desparado and a scumbag. And has no scruples whatsoever, and should certainly not be pointing the finger at your girlfriend or anybody else about selling out and having no integrity. Right, Ron Bror? Huh? Ah, asshole? Did Dr. Laura come anywhere close to the show in this book? No. I have all the ratings written in front of me here. As a matter of fact, let's start out with a morning show on Zeta, where we used to do back the year that I was on there and saved them from playing a polka music right now, which is what they would be doing. If we wouldn't have saved the dying station back then and that format. We always had double digits in on 2554. Have they ever had a morning show double digits? No. And they'll say, well, I don't know where I'm against Howard. Let me tell you something. We didn't have Howard back then, but we had about a half a dozen shows in a morning that were well established that were as kickers. Tanner was on by 100. Sunny Fox was on she. There was due Delaware all kinds of these people who were doing an engineering on an AM. Well, hermen and McBean on it. Hermen and McBean were on GTR and we kicked all their asses. With double digit shares. So you can go on and make a story as we got a consultant here. No, this isn't the company that hired Walter Sabol. I hate to break the news here. Paul and Ron. We don't have no Walter Sabol's running around here. Playing all those old crappy jingles. Jingles. Super tall, ready, yo. Yeah. Desperate. And I'd be desperate to, if I saw those ratings keep dropping and dropping and dropping. Like a rock. Month to month book to book. Yeah, anybody have an upper or down book. But they're dropping like a rock. And it's surely the living proof of that Ron and Paul in this last book. Men 2554, which is our target demo here on QAM. And it's also their target demo on Zeta. Guess who beat him out in the morning, not just Howard. Was they the number two? No, no, W. and even D. We were in there taking a leak this morning. And he said, well, you know, we're talking about this incident. And D. Fosers, even the worst team beat them in men 2554. The ultimate slap in a post on an AM station on a narrow casting station that narrow cast Drick the sports nerd 20 hours a day. They had a 5.9, sure, and men 2554. And castron over and Ron Brewer, the whole year, then all the rest of us Ron Brewer had a 5.8. Oh, my God. Just edge them out. I'd be ashamed. I'd be embarrassed. Now, we only had a 10.8, sure, and that's end in a graphic issue between 10 and 2, but I must be making that up. And what an AMZ have during that day, part day at a 4.4, most of which was worse Limbaugh, by the way, because we checked on it, known the three. Dr. Roy had like two shares. We got a 10.8, but they had two shares. So did Dr. Lor was even in the running here? No, but just keep making stuff up because you're desperate. Dropping like a rock. Dropping from the fall book from a 7.1 in men to a 5.8. Dropping precipitously, continuously. And I think that when more and more listeners out there realize, and like a couple of people pointed out, very much on target yesterday, when you're listening to a station like that to say that, that kind of music. No, not everybody is a pot smoker, not everybody is sitting there getting drunk. But the fact is that most of the people who listen to that kind of music are not interested in having a sermon. That's you're going out with packs in that business. That's sermon business. That's not what that crowd is interested in hearing. Maybe that's why those numbers are going in. Right, Ron, you think that could be it? The fact that you're so much better in everybody else. Just like the thing about the school teachers and the thing about kiss and Mayor Penelis's ass. And by the way, it's interesting to note, since I'm old and finished and washed up and making more money, you're the two of them put together. You're in tea. Old and washed up. Did they have any impact on it last penny tax election in this town? No, no. I thought it was this show was the one that helped to bury that thing last while everybody told me. So you guys can continue living in La La Land there. You ought to be kissing my ass, although I need to want to hear my type. Okay, and I'm looking to get into it. I'm not interested. I don't listen to your show. I have no end. I don't wish any of them. Okay, cast your nose as a rip off artist. And basically he obviously now has been relegated to the role of like he's the sidekick. I thought it was supposed to be his show. And if you heard that thing we played yesterday with the show, Griffith and the call she made to them on the air, which they didn't know what there was a speed Marine to banana. Rawer was the one doing all the talking. Even when she was making comments about cast your nose and do the voice over. Rawer was the one I'll be as you spot it. So evidently, it's the Ron Brure, a whole year the now show in a morning, with Paul Casternova sitting in the corner going, woo, like that. Amazing. So maybe we'll get some inspired reports on that from some people who actually heard it because we only had what 40 or 50 spy reports. We had a couple of day hung up, you know, they got to head away. Well, I'll have to wait. Good things wait to those who scored scored. Good things come. How is that go? Good things wait for those who come. Something like that. Nine minutes after ten at five, 60 WQA, a little concert Thompson in the middle of another wise boring summer. I know that they have to try to try to sci-fi. And they got the nerve to say that Bow Griffin is calling their, the sci-fi and off their ratings when she's, they got a cue. That's like 50 percent more, more than 50 percent more. Person's 18 to 34. 132th and that's a powers demo, by the way. She can't compare them with them in 25. That's the only place where they are competing for the same audience. Powers number three, 132,200 qums. They got 86,700 over their own Zeta. You're not in the ballpark with M.O.K. for that audience. You're not in the same league. 50 percent more qums, but she's looking to stage your audience. Nice going, AirPol. And Ron, good rationalization. Why does that work keep coming into my mind? Lose her, loser. You know, it just keeps going through my mind. 10, 10 is fun. I thought I wanted to get worked up about this, but why not? Okay, spread them and say cheese. Me, you wait for me. I've been a morning and I'm on it. Me, you wait for me up with a fun. I got a plan. Drink my coffee, the production number, till we got it. We're getting a program done. And you learned to work with me. We're getting a fun and down. Why did you work in my room with a darling meal? We're getting a fun and down. Who's with me? Me, you wait for me. Me, you wait for me. Me, you wait for me. Me, you wait for me. Me, you wait for me. Me, you wait for me. I just thought I made it. I'm just getting it five, see if you can get it here. Those are the days that only had a great morning, sure won. I had a place that's opposed to the Swirla got now as opposed to having some guy who thinks that he's a real broadcast to sit in their in-toning during the entire program and talking down to the audience. That's just what that morning audience. We had a fun show on Zeta. We didn't have somebody sitting there more lizing for the audience. In fact, quite the contrary. We used to sit around and smoke dope. That's why we had so much food in the morning. Everybody on at Chorus, smoking dope, including John Ford. Speaking of John Ford, by the way, talk about how desperate queer channel is. These are the same people that have their folks on Zeta out of an act of desperation since their numbers in the toilet. A tacky, full grip on a tack in me. Everybody in a market trying to stir up this radio thing. I can't even care it's fine with me. I enjoy it. I do it better than anybody. That's how desperate they are. But of course, I'm washed up at old. See, credibility is not a part of it. Sputtleut Brown-Brew was talking yesterday. Credibility. Meaningless. No ethics. No credibility. Just to make up a bunch of stuff and put it on the ear. Because if ethics were a part of it, they certainly be. Because obviously, the people are queer channel though. How long I'm under contract here at QA and don't they? Yes. So they were certainly wouldn't have had one of their flunkies like cigar Dave calling me at home. Well, call me here and then have me call him from over a couple of weeks ago. And what does he call me about? Well, the rumors are you unhappy at QAM and we're bringing in this new guy. And we... I said, I have an attorney. You know his name here's his number. I can't talk to you. And that was the end of the call. They know I'm under contract. John's almost like that tampering like that weapon stuff with Joe Rose to me. Now I didn't mention that I let it go. Just like a highman roster in Godfather II. I look the other way. But I just mentioned it today because I think it ties right in with a desperate group. They took she a one-scrape FM station. They destroyed it. They put that planet crap on there. That didn't last too long did it. And now it's some kind of a malange of lung. I think it's not what it is. The among format. And these are the same people speaking of consultants. I'll never forget it as long as I live. The packs and slash clear channel people because you really can't separate the two. Who destroyed IOD who brought in Walter Sabo. Who's put all these great talents on here like Karen K. Oh yeah. There you go. How's that show doing that? And we're Daniels. And great. All these other people have disappeared. Who've all vanished? Are any of them still around? No. Huh. And even get any numbers? No. No. So why don't you guys do? I mean, I'm not telling you what to do if you're this desperate fine. You know, I'll play along. But it would seem to me that they'd be a lot better off just sticking with their clear channel philosophy and that is. Fumble along with mediocrity and squeeze out as much money from each market as they can. And only as many stations as the law will allow them to do. And do it two numbers. You know, not ratings numbers, but just have it to tremendous number of stations that they all. That's their philosophy. Clear channel, J. Corps. That's appropriate that they bought them out because it's, you know, same mush, same crap. And we have a lot of people who listen to this show, who listen to Howard in the morning, who listen to cast an over the morning, who listen to whatever station. That's fine. Doesn't, it's fine with me. Makes no difference to me. I mean, in fact, that how we just got dropped in Minneapolis, he couldn't care less. Low ratings, WRC, QFM. Nobody succeeds everywhere. Is he going to lose any sleep over it? No. Is he going to continue beating the crap out of Ron and Paul in the morning on this market? There you go. I wouldn't be surprised if the worst thing never looks back now in the morning as far as beaten the cast and over. I think those days are numbered. Active desperation. They have a great honest guy go on the year and have to lie through his teeth this morning for hours. Evidently. We'll get some spy reports. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Okay, great. Thanks for the four letter words. 560, 050, 5060, pound 560, un-a-mobile one line. That must have been Paul's boyfriend, Coleman. Sounded like him. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? Okay, sir. Hey, two things actually. Paul and Ron suck. And did you get the C-com degree last night? Yes, I did. How far is that with the flamingos? I thought the best part was when Humplic was on a track. And then Pukin. I mean, you talk about Pukin and Ed Sheel last night. There was enough for everybody. Enough to spread around for the whole country. You know, wife watched last night and we were just dying when Jim and Helpick went under on the water with the sharks. He's going, don't move your arm. Who did it? He's going to get Helpick killed one of these week. I can't let you do that one yet. Neil, can I say a letter to somebody? Yes, sir. Hey, when's up? Part over here. Okay. Okay. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. This far is dumping any calls or concern. Somebody says crap or whatever S-A-H on here. Yeah, we have to dump it. I know that make come as a shock to you, Paul. But we do have to do that. Other than that, we basically put just about everything on here. Although our consultants told us, you know, those consultants that they're lying about. See, I don't care if you think the fact is, she's a pho-grip and is making more money. Let me say it again in a month. Then those two guys put together in a year and she's making a lot more money than I'll ever see either. She's getting a, so whether you like her or don't like her, I don't listen to their show. It's not for me. It's teeny Bobber. They've 18 to 34. Julios. Ethnics. But that doesn't mean that they're run successful. They're kicking ass. Here's a mobile and a four-loader deal. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. I bought those guys on Zeta. Yeah. I do listen to them in the morning and then I go around and listen to you. I'm there. Let's hear your version of the story this morning. Well, I don't really want to throw any quotes about, but you know, I just wanted to see how you're going to respond because I'm, I'm totally on your side. I think people would look at the set of calls. It's not a question to slide. There's our good friend. Are you a gold girl friend? There she is. But I know it's not a treat us through a 50,000 cash in here. It's just thanks a lot, Neil. I know it's not a question aside, but I thought, you know, you know, you know, it's a question of it's a question of the truth. That's all of it. Well, if you're going to come on here and say something or talk about ratings or talk about who's got a consultant, don't just make up a budget crap because you're desperate. Just tell the audience the truth. So, let's talk true there because you know, like when a person returns to, like a murder or a return to religion and they're like, goody two shoes all of a sudden. Okay, that's great. Like I'm going to put that on here. Well, maybe it's true. I don't know. In fact, that I don't know when it's said, yeah, I'm not interested in their sex lives. Okay, and their relations with their wife. I don't know anything about that. If you want to play that game, do what somebody else. Now, see, I could let that go, but I'm not going to let that kind of crap go on here. Very sad. See, I hate to break the news to you, but in the weather, it's their show or this show or show, or show, it's their radio show. It's their radio show. That's all. That's what we're talking about. We're not talking about are they wonderful human beings, they're personalized. I don't know from that, and I'll care about that. So, it's not interesting in any way, shape, or form. I mean, if you want to talk about the personal lives of entertainers, I mean, radio, TV, movies, showbiz, whatever, or most of the pedestrian people out there in the street, and nobody knows what's the big deal. Most people could be judged to be scumbags, depending on how you wanted to paint the picture. Here's Miami, hello. Okay, Neil. Yes, sir. I'll be back to the office. Ah, okay. Thank you. Thanks, Ron. Here's a mobile and pepper pie in, Cilla. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was listening this morning, cos theta. Yeah. And, Paul was saying, he ran into you at the Starbucks, those last night? No, he did not. I wasn't anywhere near the Starbucks, those were like, oh, yeah, it's just a show, you know, everything I guess. He said this on the year. Yeah, I wasn't at the Starbucks. The 11th, 10 cast in Ovasan, so I'm at a hockey game about three or four years ago. I didn't see him. He didn't see this on the year? Yeah, this morning. Oh, my God, an active desperation to another lie. Thank God that they're ethical and honest over there, Expo Griffith is such a whatever she is. Oh, I think a lot of them. That's a good news. Another lie. There we go. Hi, show in the morning. Nice going, Paul. At the saw grass. Unbelievable. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, fire report from this morning. Yes, I know what talk. You have to whisper, nobody's listening. He talked about you this whole show. He did say that he saw you at the saw grass. Well, well, how do you make up a story like that? And he said that you were grovelling. Tell him I just did the show. Don't take it seriously and all that. Let me say it again. My hand at the sky. I haven't seen that man in years. Oh, believe me. Anyways, he also said that you got the hot throm. Yeah, that was in the past. He was okay. And that that part of it was true. And he said that you begsated to replace Kemba to be on a midday. Oh, yeah, right. I begs it. I never begs it. I never talked to anybody from say to another. There we go. Another lie. Another lie. Man, I'm going to start telling these up. Well, what about the undercast? No, it was not funny. He's really trying to be little people. He's very young. Professional jealousy is what a bull's down to. That's the problem. Professional jealousy desperation. Wow, he thinks that you're washed up. But yeah, a lot of other people don't think that. Okay, I have a great day. Yeah, that's why we're sitting here kicking ass. I got all these numbers in front of me here, including the most important ones. Which is the ones that a chech that gets twice a month. But I'm old and washed up. And he's kicking ass, baby. Even beaten by the worst team. Even defolidmits. That's the height. That's the biggest slap in the face. Getting beaten by the worst team in their target demo. No wonder he's so desperate. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Just keep making it up. I mean, I consider it said, you know, I ran into the audience that they have to do it at the Shell Station over there at the corner of the university in Broward. And he was just sucking up heavy duty and apologizing about all those things he said about bull. You know, anybody can go on there. Just make a bunch of crap. But again, when you're a credibility doesn't mean anything. Then, well. Then it's another story. Then it's a case for Shilaw Holmes. Why do you ask me a drive? I drive. You're just out on the thing. Make for those games. There's a simple life for a drive. A drive. The drive is a huge part of the world. You're just too close. I'm just flying all the time. You're just too close. There's no control. And the bottom is behind. It's just a big, beautiful. And it's right. We got a fucking court coming up. Hang on to your seat. You think I'll drink this? When it's past? When it's bigger, it's better, yes. It's hard for you. And I'm just too close. And in my life, oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's sexy. Oh, great. But. So beautiful. And in my mind. I think I want to sign this. I have to sign this. It's going to be for the hot keep thickening. Seconding in active desperation. Now we have this on very on 100%. On 6,000% valid authority. How long ago is this? Two weeks ago? Less than one week. Oh, that was after the ratings came out. So it's about a week and a half ago. Right after the ratings came out. One of our sales holes here at WQM who used to work with Castro. We got a frantic call from Paul. Begging and pleading. Now, what do we think they were going to put him? What station were they going to put him on? On power? I think when he said here, he met here. And where were they put him? In the morning? I hate to break the news. In the morning, show beat him up. But nevertheless, Castro and Ova wanted our sales got intercedent. Go to Gregory's begging to be brought over here. Because I guess what he saw those bad numbers. He realized the gig is up. Was it Schrode Griffin? Was that the gig that was up? Yeah, up over him. About 50,000 in tune. And that's 18 to 34. I mean, here's a guy. I mean, this is an act of sheer desperation. And I really, I really ordinarily over the years paid very little attention in. Because I don't listen to them. It's just not for me. I haven't listened to the data since I worked there. But to go on here and just start making up all of these stories, all of these things. And he ran into me at the songgrass. And I said this. And this one did that. I got it. I would definitely get some serious assistance. And maybe maybe instead of that, maybe you ought to take a look at that sidekick there that Pedantic Ron Brewer. Maybe that's the weak chink in the armor. Maybe the audience, like I said before, is an interest in being a lecture too. And maybe people who listen to the music on Zeta, aren't the interest in having somebody who's a political hack for local establishment. And they are pinga. Maybe that might be part of it. Huh? Just start taking a look at that. Is there any chances coming over here? No. No. I mean, you know, we have this all sports format. The other 20 hours a day. Now if we were going to break that up in any other way, my suggestion would be, of course, not that it's ever going to happen. Somebody we used to work with at night. Are you, yeah, Phil Henry, a simultaneous issue from KFI. From nine to midnight. It's dick at a capplan on a midnight till five and a morning when the compulsive gamblers are still Awakening. You can't do much harm. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. We've got a desperate man over there. And again, you know, see, I don't know anybody. I don't know anybody at ClearChannel. It doesn't run out. I mean, we got our problems over here. Believe me, I'm always the first one to tell you that. But at least we don't have any assassins running around like people, and John Ford. Evil people. And funny because I mentioned this just the other day. It's an evil, sick, twisted outfit. Just ask anybody who ever worked for David Ross, even before they owned that pass in station. They'll tell you. And by the way, cigar Dave, don't call me anymore at home or any place else because no, I'm under contract here, which you guys already know. Because next time it will be taken up seriously, it'll be tampering. I might even have to go tell Greg. I don't want him to find out if he'd be upset. 560-50560, POM-5060 on a mobile one line. Nice article by Barry Jackass. It goes to show you even at little pudwatter. Speak on a Greg Reid. Can finally write a comment. Make some sense. Long overdue for the recognition, too, by the way, the mad dog. Getting a nice piece like this, and this, Harold, is more than only in the banana republic. Maybe only in Miami. That's right. Would it take a very jackass about 100 years to finally get around to writing a great article about the mad dog? And it is great. It kind of picked you there. Looks like he's about to swallow the microphone there. But nevertheless, what are we talking about on that show? Kaka, who? Pissing. What else? What am I missing? Yeah. And finally, Barry gets one quote right because I know I've heard Greg say this before. Of course Greg always says a lot of stuff. I have to find a way to get you out of here more. W.Q.M. General Manager Greg Reid often says. Now, you know what he says often says, as if it makes it very clear that he wasn't saying it recently, because I have a feeling that Greg in the Barry ain't talking too much lately. He's probably not returning those calls any more recently. And he's got a whole bunch of Amanda's expressions just to have it around with my windows down. Never better. The green lizard, the mechigan stuff. And he's got to think about Zimfer cracking up. Let me see. One moment please. Let me find out. Because I've played it before. Hank and I were talking about this. About Zimfer. Where the hell is this? Always one was weaver. But where is the one about butt? Up the butt. Could it be heard down and two ago? Could it be heard down and about feel and on your bar? Come to back up the middle now. Go on my side. He's got a 25 or 20 15. That's been a couple out of five. Jason does their epicity online. I feel your bar reversing feel a little big for them. That was through ribbon effort by Marine Maffrey Zipar. When was he trying to go right up the butt? Right up the butt. That's not that. And he's basically outside. What the hell is that? Lusus is the thing that I'm not. What do you think about Billy Bob? Not me. Not him. Not here in Manit say. Up the butt. Yeah. So anyway it's a great piece. Nice for a very jackass. You see you and I'll give credit work credit as to a super piece. And long overdue. I'm one of the brilliant broadcasters in America. Jim Mad Dog Manitch. Who is one an embegen. So anyway the thing about cash and over is certainly revenue. See I'll tell you one thing right now. Pauli boy. When it comes to credibility I'll stick this show against your crappy show any day of the week. Because the people know when to hear something on this show it's the emiss. I've said that probably at least three or four trillion times and I don't exaggerate. Suck it around over here. Can you give me a job? Can you get me out of clear channel? And he's going on here making up stories about how he ran into me at the sub west. And I'm washed up an old and dying. And the main team the worst team is taking his ass. Oh God. I'd start cracking under that pressure too. Here's Hylia. Okay. Nice talking to you. Let's try a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Nero God. Speaking. Listen. I mean it is so bad when I'd rather be for a title of a chase. And even stick through a house commercial. I've been listening to Paul and Rod show. Yeah. I listen to that music. But listen to that. It's just it's awful. It's the worst thing. They got no talent. They everything to do is borrowed. It's just. And still. Exactly. I mean it's painful. I mean I'm driving the work in the morning. Trying to get ready for my day. If I happen to actually hit 94 9. It's worse than a rookie now. Okay. Anyway, I want to thank you for getting me through the day. It's keep up the good work. I have a great life. You got it. Okay. See you. 5.6705.60. So I guess we pretty much got to cover it. I don't think there was probably any more other. The bad couldn't. But there could have been any more lies. That was 100 this morning. Lying about the ratings. Lying about running into me at the goddamn. Sogress. Lying about. Uh, consulting on the show. I mean, what else? What else? Oh, they can sell those. Yeah. The consultant. My favorite part. Yeah. Washed up an old with a 10.8 year in men. What do they got a 5.8 on and keep in mind by the way. Keep in. I'm desperately want back on a family. You know something I've said many times right here on the year. I would love to be on a film with a signal that you don't have to. You don't have. You know, like that on the AMA and sucks. Which is what makes it even more embarrassing. Doesn't it Paul that a washed up old bag like me? Yeah. That's right. A washed up old bag like me can be sitting here with double digits in men. Number one by a mile. On a horse ball station with a crappy marginal signal that a lot of people can't even hear inside buildings in every time it rains like that and they're still listening. And you on your class C 100,000 watt FM station. Crystal clear was a belt right in the middle of the goddamn FM band. And you're sitting there getting beat by the worst team. Oh, man. I'm serious. I would go home and practice my Russian roulette. If I got beat by the worst team. Even deep. Even deep. People not only admit that he's bragging about it. He's excited about it. He was the one that pointed out to me at the year old this morning. He says boy, you really know you've hit rock bottom when you get beat in the morning by the worst team. And I said, I'm so really correct. Yeah. F and A baby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little old per se. I went to the bathroom. I want to have a side like a belly call. I got the picture. It's actually the least out of my hand. I'm gonna think it you were maybe upside. I'm older than you though, baby. I can do anything I wanted you. And your pistols is warm up. And I'm gonna be consulting you. What did the best go? I'm a reptile. I got a reptile. Or maybe not. I got the boy. I got the power to hold in the throat. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Yeah. All of you. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah, what do we got to do about this consultant we got here? Let's get rid of Malkai, just shoot him in a leg a little bit just real lightly. So now we got from our good friend Joey see over there in Port Myers, is sterile. We got the real numbers from over there because they got the real breakdown. Okay, from a 6 to 10 and 10 to 2 is opposed to 10 to 3 and Hank was on from 2 to 4 over there. Good morning Joey's got a 4.3 share of Malkai and 2554 which is number tied for number 4 in the market. Nice going Joey. And we're doing better than we thought we have a 2.7 which is an exactly gigantic number but nevertheless not all that bad 2.7 and the hump are from 2 to 4. Well, it's got a 1.2 but you know on average they still have a lot of bad numbers. So we're actually putting this down station over there to some Phantom non existent station for Myers on the map. Which makes me feel a lot better. I mean you know 2.0 it's you feel on clean and then you take a look at these numbers and you see that Howard in the morning over there. You want to hear what Howard's got in the morning in Fort Myers a 26.5 share in men 2554. And you heard about it here on his show because I don't lie about the numbers. You know, I don't mean Howard doesn't need my help. Okay. He's making millions and millions and millions. But when I get numbers like this I tell him honestly. Okay. I don't make up stories over so bad and old and tired again beat by Dr. Laura and isn't it interesting by the way. The doctor Laura happens to be an INZ which is a queer channel station. So they have to lie about their numbers over there because that's how bad they are. They have to have their hack on the FM show in the morning lying about how great Dr. Laura is doing. You should only live so long. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. You missed the statement I was driving in work at 7 o'clock in the morning and I heard them on and they said that the reason hate crimes have gone up 50% in Howard County was because of that racist Neil Rogers on all sports stations. Yeah. So I'm getting it from the amazing. It is. Okay. Thanks very good to you. Thank you. That's right. I did it. Just like I stole that freight train when I was a little kid and I apologize for that yesterday. I apologize today for being responsible for all the hate crimes going up all over America. Not just here. Even in places where they never heard of me. 560 we got 6706 and 700. You're all of a sudden. 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. How you doing at a Neil? Okay sir. You know I didn't mind him lying so much about Dr. Laura beating you on 10 to 2 but what anger me is when he mentioned when he was making fun of your sexual orientation. I really know what you're more and more of this there than it goes along. Well why I mean why he would do that. What was he saying about that? He just said he made a joke about it. He didn't really say about you being homosexual but he made influences to the fact that he was very straight and that. Oh my god. I'm going to listen to him because I always wanted to hear a guy who was very straight. Well you know he's had so he always judges those like whip-teacher contest and for a lot of it. I know I might come as a great shock to him. Okay but but people listen to programs on a radio because they like them because they're entertained by them. They're amused by them. They're pissed off by them. Whatever it is. Not because they care about who the host is diddling or anything like that. We don't care how much your Paul is or Ron Brourke or how many of you are brought they've screwed. It doesn't make any difference to anybody. It has nothing to do with the entertainment value of that show. I think the proof over the last 23 years that I've been out of the closet. I'll show this guy something. But again he's a slow learner. You know. Dr. Lord didn't come close to you in rating. Dr. Lord had two shares. Sir between ten and noon. Two shares. We had a ten-point each year and then twenty-five fifty-four. Why would he come up with that? Because he just said for the same reason he would come on a year and say he ran into me at the sawgrass last night. Is there anybody in the right mind who believes that? No. I haven't been to the sawgrass in months and I haven't seen him in years. I don't know why the tire rate is flooding. I just don't understand it. Because they're desperate sir. I understand it because they're getting a lot of play out of it. Which I don't mind. You know they need to help. Okay Neil. Thanks for your time. Have a great day. Thanks for more good news. As it just continues. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Glad we could supply some good material and that we're making use of it too. Okay. Good. Killer. A desperate thing. What are you doing in there? Oh, just apparently they've mentioned my name and that I sold out a long time ago. I'm just wondering what I sold out. So out. So a little spec. Oh, you think that's it? I have no one. Well, now you're two. You're going to what you try to analyze it. I still understand. I'm so glad they have uptight and sensitive here. From some of you consider the source. They're lashing out and all the. Not next. It'll be Joe Costello sold out because they give my dolphin ticket. And he's got something to do with the show a little bit. Then they'll be a. Then they'll be attacking J.P. That'll be next. They don't even know who the hell he is. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. So now we got all these strikes against me. You know something see what they don't understand. Is this makes it more miraculous. This old bag. He's old. He's washed up. He's on a crappy AM station. That cashed in over this. We want to work on. He's on AM. And he's still got those numbers and making all that money. You know something. I must have a rabbit's foot stuck deep in my back. That's why I make sure that nothing else goes in their paul because I want to make sure that the four leaf Clovers and the rabbits foot that come my way all can fit deep inside my back. Back home because man, they sure come in handy. When you get old and washed up and tired, you got no material, no audience left, no numbers, no following, no cloud, no credibility. I'm ready to cry. And you got this. You got this consultant somewhere. And I'd like to know who the hell it is. Who's just holding a gun to your head. Making sure that you can't do what you want on the year. Well, I'm telling you. You either have to come to the conclusion that he's a desperate or he's an asshole, one or maybe both. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. I wanted to know if you support the innerie. No, I don't. What about pot? What about pot? Are you against it a foot? For it. I'm all for it, man. Pot and pans. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. tragic. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Better call up 20 questions, George. Yes, sir. Neil, yeah, I was listening to that crap this morning. Well, and it really infuriated me. I mean, you know what I realize they're relying. When they start talking about that, you know, when the colors are calling in your show, that George was telling them what to say, saying, oh, listen, when they said that, that we're screening the calls. Yeah, I'm just screening, but actually telling us what to say because if you say this, it'll sound better. It will give you more ammunition or you know, they're setting up the calls. Yeah, I have me confused with Mr. Ego. Sir, I want to tell you again. And we've told you this before. There is no other talk show in America. A very nice. There is no talk show in America that screens less than we do. And you know that because you just called it, where are you calling from turn on a radio hold on and that's it. That's the answer. That's the answer. You're a bit of a show. Neil, never. What do you want to talk about? Are you full? Are you a friend? We don't give a crap. Okay. That's what makes it spontaneous and exciting and whatever. That's when I realized they were lying because you know, and then because I called him and then I didn't get on the air. And by the way, these are the same people that couldn't talk to Richard Freeman and that we're hanging up on people that were against the petty sales tax when they were sucking the mayor's ass a couple of weeks ago. Exactly. That were that were manipulating the calls unbelievable. And then they hung up on me when asked whoever was that was talking to saying, well, you know, you're saying he's behind Dr. Laura, but then asked him how to there and I'm just compared to Howard. But then, you know, I just heard a big click after that. I'll tell you how their numbers compare to Howard. Men 25, 54 in the morning, Howard at a 12.1 and they had a 5.8. He had more than double their number. Oh. How do you like that? And have a great day, sir. 5.670560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. You want numbers. I got them right here in black and white and purple right in front of me. We don't lie about readings. And if this was any kind of a real market, if we have anybody here that wrote about TV and radio intelligently, which we don't, these would have been in the paper a long time ago. But all we have to wait for Tom Jick at the cut back from the West Coast, horse and buggy media, baby horse and buggy town. And anybody who has looked at those numbers when Tom finally does get around it. Of course, the hero, they don't have anybody even though from numbers. The only numbers they know are the gamblers out there in the goddamn streets and whatever part of time they're doing it. Carlos from the godfather. Carlos, whatever it is, name one. 560560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. You can look them up in the newspaper. They're exactly what I give you here on the ear exactly whether they're good, better and different. And anybody that would go on the ear and lie about ratings man is so desperate that they were probably calling up one of their ex co-workers, salespeople, and begging for a job over here. I mean, now that we find that out, it is so unbelievable. It is so shocking. And you know what Paul, they're still not going to hire you here. Isn't that amazing all the different clear channel people that we keep hearing just desperate to be allowed out of there? Look at all the people that came over here. Even fat boy. Even fat boy. And they said, okay, we'll pack you a sandwich. You said, okay, all right. He said, how about two sandwiches? It's a long trip. One for the road. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to send the message out to them guys over there to play something. Yeah, just play something, right? Could you do the show? I just played a music in dummy-op already. I've already stopped lecturing the audience. We don't want to hear him giggle at those stupid jokes. All right. Thank you. Have a great day, sir. I'll tell you one thing. You didn't like to bird George, but the bird was sensational compared to Ron Brewer. He didn't sit there lecturing the audience and pontificating in. And looking down is knows that everybody else is speaking in a condescending tone. You have a point. Yeah, thank you. See that? Only took me about 100 years, but I finally, well, of course, you sold out any way a long time. Oh, yeah. We know that. I don't know what I said to the rumor. But yeah, see? I just am shocked by you. Yeah, I just told by your attitude and the expression on your face that you're like, you're trying to figure it out. Just consider the source. It would be like, might try to figure out, well, what time was I to saw grass light? I mean, last night was really there. I mean, you know, I was, maybe it was sleepwalking. Maybe it was taken in that and just kind of waddle over there. You know, saw me at the saw grass light. A liar, liar, baby. Big, big, podwacking, liar. Mobile and adventure. Hello. Yes, that is one of all everybody know the adventure not the cops having a fun day today. So, you can't go and have a trick because it's not the little cop you're about. Well, okay. Thank you. I said, we're about and he just clicked off and clicked it. Oh, yeah. And notice the last couple of days. I don't know about by you, wherever you folks have been. But the porters are in a feeding frenzy. There are more speed traps. Honestly, you'll overpass up their new RPP parking along the ice dairy road. They must have seven. It looked like they were having a convention. Either that or they didn't get ready to go back down to Kendall that's 16 year old hookers house again. I don't know one of the other. Man, yesterday when I was leaving here, it's just amazing. And thank you. Our good close friend Chuck not only for lunch yesterday's I left here, but Chuck warned me he said, Hey, when you get up there, watch out to porkers. I got the reader. Gronsets. I didn't realize there were 45,000 of them. And usually when the porkers are up there, I would drive by and they see who it is. They give me a little way. They just all sat there like looking straight ahead. Didn't see me or anybody else like the world was coming to an end. So it's a pork frenzy. This weekend, just keep that in mind. Okay, there must be desperately short of cash. And that's the baby yard. They got a till-re wonder of anything. And she built on round-mouth. They have a owner down the pit hillway. And she got all along. That guitar was getting wide to turn down. And she had to decide if it's even better than finding something in the rear. She was told she was on the ground and she got to die. But that's what's on in the ear, too. Because she was so close to the ground and she knew that I should. And I will run round and down the boat and down the pit hillway. And she will run round and down the boat and down the pit hillway. Okay, so it's a 11.02 or 560 WCM. There's Pet Boy who left the clear channel. So they're all a bunch of mothers who didn't They should only rot. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. So listen, I was shopping yesterday at Burger King. Yeah, I was at Burger King with my four boyfriends. And we ran into Paul and his boyfriend. I mean, let's just start making up crazy stories. And George was there with his lesbian girlfriend. And there was your Costello with his transvestite boyfriend. And there was Ron Brue with some trans sexual with this wild hairdo. Yeah. 560, 560. Listen, when you run to that much pressure and stress, I guess you start to crack. You start to hallucinate a lot. That must be the reason. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Deal. Yes, say. You know what, in more castron overcraft. And this morning, not only did they say that you have a collar. What to do. But also, they said that on the paint tax. But you told George sold everybody to a grieve. To make it easier. Oh, yeah. We always do that. Right. Yeah. Let me ask you this. In other words, if George had a twist the input we had here, it's amazing what a coincidence was that the vote came out 68 to 32% again. And that's in that way. We had to tell people to say they were against it. I just thought it was fun. Just stop and take it a logic of that. Okay. Have a great day, sir. More lines. Anybody can call this show and tell me that in the 23 years I've been on the year in Miami. I've ever had any producer tell anybody what to say or suggest what to say. Or even what to talk about. You're whispering in the dark. Okay. Your peepens through the wrong hole. But don't take your word for it. Yeah. 560, 560. Well, no, you take the word of anybody that ever called a show. And how many times have I said here in criticized even shows on this station. Like that disgraceful episode where we had Christina Moore in here. A little over a year ago back during that horrible Brian Murray business. When they were trying to cover up their tracks for the crap at the adenol the panther team. And on that panther show, which thank God has gone off the year now. And we don't ever have to contend with again. Nobody went crazy than I did about that. Screening calls only the sucklings would hopefully get on the year and keep out the tough questions. Which makes it pointless to even have that show on. As I said then, and I'll say it again now. God. I mean, you know, there are people in this market. They're good people on the air. They're bad people. There's some people a little bit of talent. Some people aren't so good. But I mean, you are what you are. But just to be so desperate is to play a lot with a bunch of lies. And his stereo to try to whip up a bunch of friends. He is if this is going to get them some audience now. And resurrect that flailing dying show that's dropping. You can just hear the sounds of it dropping down the ladder. Run by run. 560, 50560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Warbless line. Here's a pay phone in Boca, hello. Hey, yes sir. The longest lines of the you guys selling the call or what to say. All the sudden they get a call. They get a call from a gentleman that allegedly works in his adult store. Where he works one adult. And adult movie theater. Yeah. We could take a nap to view and everything. And it was just set up right on it. Right on the tail. I'm telling what to do. You can tell he didn't work there. Uh-huh. So they're bringing that up. I was funny because I just saw Paul here while I was lighting one. Yeah, I just thought they'd know they're bringing that crap up again. So he didn't omelette in his last. Yeah, thank you. Okay. Thanks. Look like an omelette. Five, six. I mean, desperate, desperate, desperate. These couldn't be the same clear channel people I were calling a couple of weeks ago. What's your guard Dave? Tell me how desperately they wanted to be back over there. These couldn't be the same clear channel people in Rona Wolf was up there at Pomp and O'Parks several months ago. One night last year. Remember that episode you weren't there, but I talked about it on the year. Oh, yes. We have to have you back. We don't care what it costs. We have to have you back. Remember I told you meeting her in Max up there at Pomp and O'Parks that night in the dining room. But I'm old and washed up. I'll be looking forward to push you cat there in Hollywood. Okay, Paul. You're almost old enough to be there. I'm not. Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello. AnyL.R.U. Okay, sir. Nick, you know Paul can be telling you tell everyone he told you Wolf is still in Sweden. Yeah. Well, that was right after I stole the freight train. I was under a lot of stress. Hey, a couple of things. One. What's the deal with the announcer for the Panthers this year? Was that an L-Shit? The Jigsies up. Jigsies up. You're a Donald. Yeah. I want to give you two words. Oh, crap. Old hack. But a big improvement over what we had. Yeah. You want to look on the bright side of the dark side. The good news is he's a lot a lot better. A million times better than Christina. But we could have done that. As long as you didn't say my brother all the time. No, he ain't going to say that. And he's a good guy too. So let's hope for the best. That's good. Hey, one thing to think of. Remember back during the Stanley Cup playoffs last time the Panthers finally made it. Um, Omelette's lucky but was named by Paul. So maybe he's a closet. Yeah. I think he's he's the one that's in the omelette. That's your reason to keep some around. I think it's that. Ref go. That does it. Anyways, um, can I call someone to do Spagger go ahead? Tom Braga, you're still a Swiss cheese golly douchebag. Okay. Thanks for having a great day, sir. 560 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 11 away to 2 AM on your honest until it hurts station 2 AM. Nobody on this station would ever line less of as much money. They wanted to track her how much they really lost. I lost 31 bucks at Papa. Park went down. Oh, Yeah. Listen to me. It's just stand behind the sofa king. And it's stand where everything is out that a high sofa king standing. The selection isn't just huge. It's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so fucking prices aren't just low. They're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say so fucking as a beautiful store, I mean so fucking beautiful. When I get a snap as helpful, I mean so fucking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the so fucking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. A stack at so fucking courteous. And price is that a so fucking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein. So fucking good. You set a franky so fucking good. It's probably the same after 11 at 5. At 5.60, WQA, you're hysterical station for the 90s. 5.670, 5.60, pound five. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Nice going very jack at it. We get to see that mad dog got there with a picture in the Harald this morning. They finally put something in there worth the printing and worth reading. Here's my me Lake, silo. Yeah, I'll bring it in. Listen to you as because you're free. I listen to how because he's funny. I don't care if you're gay and he's gay or he's straight. Yeah. That doesn't. Anyway, so almost two asses. I don't even know why we even give it a many play. Nobody even knows if they exist. Yeah. Anyway, I just started with commercials. Did they say Ron Jeremy is in town? Yeah, why do you hear me? He still alive. So if anybody out there needs an extra carpet. Oh, that's a terrible. Anyway, me help. Do me a favor. Stop kidding me. So excited. We don't want anything to happen. I'm not so at least bit excited. I'm just wound up like I always end, which is what makes it a great show. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See, I'm not excited. I'm feeling great. Fine, never better. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Sue rising her of all people who ever she is. Who writes it to the Howard section of the Harold. Great column this morning. Sue. School police. Now, sex police. I'm going to read that later on. Okay, in fact, they got a whole thing about this business with the swing clubs. And comes to find out we're not as much in minorities. I thought we were here. The perverts on this show me in George. A lot of people out there, including now the school board, is starting to have like second and third and fourth thoughts about this. And hey, it's nobody's business. And come to find out that this whole thing was started. These so called big grade, the big police investigation by the BSO. Because of complaints by people in the area. Anonymous tips. Oh, there's something bad going on in there. So naturally, of course, I was only a coincidence that they notified the media. And they had all the TV stations with their cameras rolling when the 7500 SWAT team guys were running in there. And they're big regalia putting on a book media show, putting on a horse and pony show for the public to watch. So Ken Jenny could get some more brownie points. I think this time he's going to turn out to be the brownie hound. That's what I think. He's going to be looking right in the old brown eye. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in point and beach, hello. Point and beach. Going once. Have a nice life. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Keep puppet host numbers, baby. Here's a mobile in West Palm. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes. Speaking. Yeah. You're the idiot. Anyways. I'm not. I didn't think so. But anyways, speaking of people on their last leg, a new day commented about Mick Jagger, and hate him. Don't like him. Who comment? You. I didn't say I hate him. I said that he's washed up an old and who wants to go see the many more. I've fallen for the first time at the most security tour, which is all a renaissance tour. Yeah, that's a panther arena. Right. Super shy. I've never seen him before. They might have flipped a little on that sure about that. But I mean, as far as their music is concerned, once the last time they came out with anything significant, meaningful impact, you know. Any music anymore, none of it's meaningful. No, no, but I'm talking to that. I like it. Well, they've had a hit. Their last album was when that leased up to number 10. Yeah. You know, I don't know if that's a hit. But anyways, love your show first time, Colors. You're just up on Zeta this morning. What the joke? What a joke. Yeah, what a liar. I think it's over. You're looking for OK. Thanks, pal. Think that liar. You're welcome. Yeah. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Heeyy, right. The Rolling Stones are all stuck. Once the field came great and saw you. Oh, God, it's e-terminal. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. We're down to the drags now. At least to kill about an hour and a quarter. Thanks, pal. Kill the good hour and a quarter here this morning with his cramp. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a somewhat of a starter for for you. While back when the voting thing for the percent tax is going on. And you're going to call off them a guy Dave Slater. Right. I know him. So, you know, all right, said, hey, they're talking about it on Zeta. And I have to give them a call. So, he's a McCall. So, he's a McCall, right. They're talking to your good buddy, the mayor. Right. And here comes Dave's last couple minutes of the show. They've never take calls for last couple minutes of the show. But all of a sudden, they put him on. Just kind of like, oh, well, here's Dave and Kendall. Whatever. And they go, hey, I'm a guy who was suing the county for, you know, to change the bow. And he tells them to deal with squirrement about everything. And then in Paul Catchen, I would go, so, man, what do you think of that? And then, uh, Pino says, well, I want to discuss with you. And he's a playwright. Yeah, I do. We already know that because the guy on top, right? So, I call up and say, look, why'd you hang up on the guy? Come on. If you guys really want to get a good show going, you leave them on and you get some Contrapers to go and even get the both sides of the issue. Right. And they argue too thin there with me about how they don't do that. The bullies are gifts. And we're not going to talk to them about that. And give the guy some of what you're supposed to do. And he was a suck job. The hand of the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, The mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's president's, mayor's, the mayor seems a little, the mayor's, and very low, or clearly bad, the issue, the mayor's, ipd up, the mayor's, it's no, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, the mayor's, soph, the mayor's, the mayor's,'s, a season of the mayor's, but the mayor, Mayor's, but the mayor's, they're, mayor's, uh, ma Climba looks like a mayor, Mayor's, but the mayor's, mayor's, the mayor's, Mayor's, this, mayor's, his, mayor's, mayor's, they're, mayor, we're, mayor's, Mayor's, Moreover's, mayor's, mayor's, mayor's, mayor's, elector's, mayor's, mayor's, mayor where does this stuff come from other than sheer desperation. Right, and now I got a group to two about Ron. He is the guy comes off as a few longest moral God who's got a five-month-old child or whatever in a two-year-old child and he comes up with all these things that do, you know, you're on the wrong freaking radio show. You're just talking to each and that guy. Him and Dan really maybe they can alope. That is, you know, I don't even know. Anyway, I just want to let you know. Okay, thanks. Okay, 42 hundred open lines here. We got two hours and 40 minutes to go. It's going to be a rustling here from here on out. Because I think we already exhausted their whole audience. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello. Mobile-in-four-later nail. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes? Hello. First of all, I think these guys are pretty smart. They'll play to get the fuel from the... That's okay. It worked perfectly. It doesn't work perfectly. No, it doesn't work perfectly. It doesn't be great, man. Listen, I've never, never ever put anybody in a world. I've never put anybody into another station that they listen more than five minutes if they were listened before. And if they didn't like it, they didn't stop listening. So what's the difference is it make? Maybe, all right. You know better than me. Listen. I got a question. I'm going to sound like a moron, but it hasn't been for me anyway. Why does this John Henry need a state? Why don't they just play a poker player stadium? I don't have a big idea. And you know something they had on our morning show this morning, the medium marketing guy for the Marlins, which I guess we had no choice since we were the Marlins station. We had this cockling media with them. But I mean, this guy is talking about all the people that come out and really enjoy it so much. And you're out of here. And I'm thinking of myself, they had the smallest crowd. They had an announced crowd in 9400 and both papers this morning said, if there were six thousand people there, that was a lot. And we have to have a, you know, a new stadium. So the John Henry, you can't lose money. The guy is a businessman. If he made a bad investment, top potatoes. Okay. He's going to have to eat his laws. There's no reason why anybody should build his man in stadium. And now in the paper this morning, they're talking at Miramar. They want to build a stadium at Miramar. He's going to have his press conference tomorrow at five o'clock. And he's going to tell everybody where he wants it and what you should do for me and all the other bull crab. The only positive thing that he could do at this press conference tomorrow is to announce that he's going to pay and he's going to raise the funding like Joe Robby did the bill. People parking the first place. And he's not going to ask for any taxpayer money. Then we'd say, all right, we're all behind you. But don't hold your breath. 560560, pound 560, 6000 people there. As the crowds keep dwindling and dwindling and dwindling as the rain keeps coming down and more and more people are out of town between now and Labor Day and keep losing and losing and falling farther behind. And it's meaningless. It's pointless. And they're running this morning. Oh, yeah, it's great. And you know, all these people come out. They're having a wonderful time. They're not coming out. And they're not having a wonderful time. We're talking about a minimal number of people who could put them in a goddamn telephone booth. But let's build on a three or four hundred million dollar stadium so they can have some fun and John, him. We can try to make some of this money back. Because you're maintaining those yachts man, it cost a lot of green to maintain those big yachts. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Now last night, but the night before on 2020. Did you see that with the faith dealers? With the what? They had the faith dealers under the they're almost the didn't see it. Well, they don't believe in doctors when their kids get sick of breaking arm or something. They just all gather and pray. Right. And 200 church members stood there and watched a nine year old boy go in the convulsions and die from a hundred and four semesters. Oh, right. But doctor, Kavorky is in jail because he's helping 80 year old permanently. Right. That's America for that's right. All of a sudden, crap. That's okay because the guy's a religion, good old time religion. I got got protection, but you know, let's pull a little children or suffer and they show the graveyard where there must have been 800 kids buried in that graveyard and they're all from the faith dealers. Nice. And these people, they do not believe in doctors. They will not go to a doctor for anything. See, I think you can believe whatever is stupid crap you want. But when it comes to the children who have no no options, that's where the government's got to stop and protect them and cut this crap out. Right. And set a government protecting the children that protect in the religion and it's ridiculous. Okay, pal. All right. Have a good one, yeah. God bless you. Yeah. Five, six, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. We're going to start screening these calls real heavy duty. I'll tell you that. In fact, from now on, we're going to say after we tell us where you're calling from, we're going to go. Eeeeh. Like that. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I know. I work at home. So I've listened to the radio a lot during the day because it keeps me going here in the city. So I've listened to the radio for a couple of weeks, so it's not because it's really a lot more than I thought. And it's a lot more than I thought it was. It's a lot more than I thought it was. But, um, the morning on this interview because, um, you know, in a spice with your with your cynicism is, is great relevance. And, and the afternoon when you go off, I mean, and the radio just did so far as interest goes. That good Daniels is. Oh. You used a tropia. Wow. She's on the air. Not because you ran into a peat bulger at tired kingdom across the street here and they had these two windows taking her place when she was off the air for a couple of days and they were inconceivably worth the time. So that was some contest there, you know, look at all the other things. Well, that's just amazing. You know, and how they consistently have put more and more crap on here and the only show that got the thread any numbers which is written so they wanted to get those guys and you know, they had to beg their way back onto the air. Well, they need more talent this time besides you. Why I'm great. I knew it's to you sweetheart. There isn't that much talent and radio all across the mirror. He can go from time. It's especially bad here. But you can go in a major market after major market and you just are going to find that many entertaining people around. Well, what happened to these came? What happened to them? Yeah, we're easy. You want to listen to him? No, but I mean, he's better than a brook. Wrong. He's on a, he's on some of the make-belief station in the morning. And why did Al Rantel go with this pushing the health product? Okay. Have a great day sweetheart. Oh, it took talk radio, he entered. It took talk radio, he enters. As soon as he hears Steve came in and immediately, you know, you should press the button. Sorry, I left her on a little too long. Excuse me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Any interest here, we got 425 open lines here by the Friday. We're having a rolling long signal song. I'm just full of a vinegar today. And the audience is kind of like Peter now. 5, 60, on the AT&T line, it's a free call. We pay for it, any interest? No. Okay. Why do you press, Steve? There was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill. He gave me a dress, then made it a mess. And I kept it under my bed. Squirt's court in my house. And now, that's no problem. Okay, let's say, all right. Rose is our bread. The White House is white. I signed in the lab book one night. No, that's not good either. Hickory, hickory, dark. The president showed me his. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Good, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Trust the night before Christmas. And all through the house, Bill got naked, except for my devils. My parents were nestled, all snug in their bed. While I was giving the president a no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's no good either. Okay, 1131 at 560, W2M 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Oakland Park, hello. Neil. Yes sir. George told me what to say, but I forgot. Oh, okay. I'm having to wing it. You know, bro, they say to the bro, that you were getting all of your bits from your pants for your bits. Yeah. Well, he must heard me say that yesterday. I take these guys and draw and draw for myself. That's probably the problem either. That or the bomb going down. Yeah, okay, thanks. Did I just talk about yesterday that we mentioned the fact that we said like comedy network American Common Network, Book of Brian, Guitar Man, KJ, and we pay for all the comedy bits and we have the right to them. Thank you and they're great. So, and the point is, if I'm missing something, and let me say it again, over the years we're two great bits that we have the right to, by the way. The same he Smith bit, whatever that was, and the Bill and Ted Dex on the venture, which was great cast and over to those, their sensation, I play once in a while. And that's, what is that? And about 15 years, two bits. Nice job, pal. See, you stick with what you do best. Now, what does he do best? Do we know? 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the 18 and T world of slime. So, I don't know, this must have been quite some festive. I missed this morning. A desperation fest. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Muggle and Jupiter, yes sir. Yeah, I do, my friend. All right. Good. I can't believe, young Ron, he's such a wacko. No, no, I don't know how he talks about you. I listen to your show every day. It's the best. I can't believe they try to even, like, even come close to your show. You've got 68 and they're nothing. I just go on to say that. And can I also be a beast bag? Yes sir. 24 hours, you're a douchebag. Oh, you can. Yes sir, sir. You're God bless you. Young Ron. Young Ron. 560560, pon 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile and key largo hello. Hello, we're Neil. Yes sir. This is ridiculous. You've been there 20 some years. I mean, that speaks for itself. To say you're washed up is to say pop hope was washed up after 30 years. So that's all ridiculous. The other thing is, I don't understand the mind of Harold. They say, you know, your show did have the influence of getting a no vote. No doubt about that. Poor don't conclusion. And they say, well, okay, you elected these people. Well, how have the people they recommended was who we elected? So what, you know, I don't understand the Harold. But you're doing a good job of the stick with it. Okay sir, just saying over the Harold, just keep that in mind. Okay. We did it on election day and just keep that word in mind. No. Not that I want to be negative but nevertheless. No. I don't think I'm going to recover from that woman. Why is it that the women callers in his town are so bad? You know, I guess today I was joking about my dolphin season tickets. And we get that woman called here sitting in the car with a husband. And they're really, I guess he figured using the strategy if he puts the woman on, then I'll, you know, kind of weakened real quick and I'll give her the tickets. Was I really going to give anybody those tickets besides Joe? No. No. I mean, that was pathetic. And then the woman this morning and she starts sucking around a little bit, sucking around and then she starts going, you know, a history of every loser who was ever on talk radio that we don't want to hear. See, I know this comes as a great shock to you. And I got out of that long, long, long time ago. The day I left W snooze, that was that they officially said goodbye to that crap. And if there was any doubts that they had changed the format on wins, that was the second day. I absolutely positively sealed the door on any relationship with that kind of so-called talk radio. Swill. Crap. And yes, I did. Then a moment of weakness in the car. I was on a way to the sawgrass to meet Ron and Paul. I was on a high-class night. And I say, I want to get the mail in my post office box last night in the car. I did turn over to WSRF. Craig Wardings on WSRF by the way, night's good guy, 50, 80 on your dial. But unfortunately, Craig is talking again to people over the age of 200 because that's, you know, that's what there is. And my good friend Norm Kent was on their plane radio again. And it was so depressing because Norm, like I told you, if there's made a great comeback from cancer, he's feeling great, he's cancer free, he's going to be just fine. But listen to all these 900-year-old people. Hello, Craig. I was just back and I was with bladder cancer. So when you want to talk about Mr. Ego and Alice Rand Teller and Joyce Kaufman, all of those, say, talk to somebody else about that. That's another lifetime. It has no relationship with anything going on right now. There aren't enough people listening to any of those folks to fill up a goddamn phone booth. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. And you know, I don't. Okay, sir. Listen, the problem with the people on a bottle of soap is baseball standard. You know, they can get away getting a money from everybody from the tax pay. They know the tax pay is just don't stand together and fight. They will list time. I'll take it that. I hope so because I think it's pretty foolish. I think baseball fan. But, you know, I mean, it's just not right. It's not a right thing that these people, you know, these rich people think they could do ever how they want and they're in the area where they do it. You know, they come out and they say, well, here's the list of five or six places I would like you to build this for me. And let's see what kind of a deal we can cook up with the politicians in Miramar and the politicians in Fort Latterdale and the county people. I mean, talk about arrogant to be like, if you wanted to go into business in a restaurant there's this and you come to the politicians and say, well, you know, I want to open up a $2 million restaurant. But I would like you to fund a money for the construction. In fact, it's a bit about it. It's a stupid. It's not a problem. It's unbelievable. Okay, I'll have a great day. All right. Just to vote. No. Okay. Oh, yeah. Wait to see if that ever comes on a ballot and Broward or any place. You think the penny sales tax got be bad. Wait to see this. If they have to put it on a ballot asking the taxpayers for money for a stadium for some billionaire, no chance, no way Jose. Ain't going to happen. Well, it happened. Some place else. Well, that's their problem. 560 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello. In Miami. I'm sorry. Yes, sir. Kind of story about people. All right. I worked for Zeta about 10 years ago when they were on by Gannett and Paul. Yes, sir. Any way, I was running that. Oh, Timmy Williams. There is a really brilliant man who said to be one day, oh, you know, it's nice to be number one. But it can't be just be a safe number three. But anyway. Yeah, anyway. Well, Rada think that she was known back then with my LSM. I was in Salam, I guess, maybe a year for her. And I was in the best spot, Schlepper, and down. But I did my fair share. Yeah. So she called me to the office one day, it's me down, and Peter Boulders in there sitting down next to me. Now this is next, right? Oh, yeah. We, yeah, this is after you were left. This is after that rock and roll army was gone. Also, I think another brain trial of Boulders. So she sits me down and she says, well, do you like a performance, a product of your attitude, and about the beat that Bob, we're going to have to let you go? No problem, my turn. I look at the beat. I said, I guess you're getting fired too, aren't you? And he looks at me. He says, no, I'm here for her protection. I said her protection, buddy. You couldn't fight your way out of one paper back. Right, that's for sure. That was it. I lost congratulations. Look, I tell you, one on the bigger and better things. Exactly. OK, that's going to be her. Hey, come up to somebody's dish bag. Yeah. Robert Lawrence, you're a big dish bag. OK. Here's a guy to get out. See, I mean, really, it's gone from a gaggana like he said, the passion, the clear channel. But it's all the same thing, because it's the same suspect. Speed bulger and want to think and that whole crowd over there. Same suspects. But that business about Castro, the call, I don't want to say that it was Peter Leonard, but one of our sales holes that he used to work with, begging for him to intercede on his behalf because he wants it. I guess he just wants to go anywhere other than there. And that's what we hear from virtually everybody that works for clear channel. Isn't that a shame, huh? A lot of crappy companies in his business are telling that. Too bad they have to be working over there for those people. And lucky for us did not come in here. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. I mean, why would you call up when the ratings just came out? And somebody else beat you? I mean, I graduated with 5.9 to 5.8. But the first thing just beat them. Now, why would you try to call up Greg Reed and say, oh, when you break up your sports trial format, the other 20 hours a day, and put me on the year in a morning? When they're already beating them. And of course, you notice they're just spawning children, really desperate for revenue on that show. No, thanks, Paul. I'll give you a real thing, Danielle. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no, no. No, no. No, no.fi Oh, you don't want to forgot to play? If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16Wild, you missed this. Is it the bird? Yeah. Okay. This is Jimmy if you ever play anything, because I can't stand listening to you. You start like a douchebag. Dude. Just a minute if you ever play anything. Well, can I ask you a question before you go? Oh, god, you sound so stupid. I hate to talk to you. Yeah, god. Why did you call me? I didn't call you. I'm not going to tell you not to say anything. Just play something. Oh, God, can't stand it. Well, then why are you listening? I'm playing something already. Why won't you answer? I'm going to ask you a question. You won't talk to me. Oh, we got a car here. Damn it. I hate when that happens. Okay, I'm 45 and 560WKM. 56050560, pound-560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Those are the days, baby. You're radio basically. Most hours of the day, the radio in his town is a dead instrument. They had instrument, Magnumistic about that. Here's a highly-acall. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm here listening to my dead instrument. Uh, dead piece? Yeah, that's a piece. It's a piece, alright. Listen, I was listening to Paul and Ron this morning. I was in the library morning. And yeah, they were really ripping that jet on the wire. They said, they thought, I don't know if you heard this already. They said they saw you with your gay boyfriend and the saw, I was in the saw, grass, nor did I see them. And my gay who was not my boyfriend, but my roommate, but nevertheless, be that as a man. He was with their words. I'm just telling him, just the laying that goes straight away. So to speak, he was out cruising the tram and the last memory. So there's no possibility that we were to saw grass. Just another blatant lie. Out of desperation. You see, they all started when they started it on Paul Griffin. And she had the Husband of Colin Ripper, the ranch on the year. And now they're going because I put that on the year and put them in her place yesterday. Now it's going to be the attack on me. So fine. And I'm only a hoolio over here in this on the town. Listen to QBA. Right. All right. Take it easy, man. Good luck. See you at the saw grass. All right. Okay. With my gay boyfriend's. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Would you make an exception for Brian Craig? Meaning what? Should we talk about him? No, I would not. Why do I want to talk about him? That squeaky voice pimple idiot. Is this still around? Nobody cares about him, sir. Nobody cares about Brian Craig. Okay. There's about little squeaky voice pimple headed idiot's geeks that were a board ops on FTL who all of a sudden became talk show host. And again, only the talk show groupies like this guy who obviously wants to date. And by the way, speaking of Brian Craig, norm tells me that the last thing he said when he saw him. I wanted it. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. And these people, these light bulb chronic old talk. They're the kiss. They're the vein of everybody's existence. Mobile in Bokeh. Hello. You know, cheap things. First of all, John Henry is Wayne with hair. Yeah. And number two is that time the man dog got the publicity. Does there is how good a little song for the man. Yeah. Right. Okay. You got it. That was it. He just vanished in the thin air. They're short and quick into the point. They got a busy agenda. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T. Why are those lines? George is still looking as wounds because they said he was a cell out. Yeah. Right. Still trying to figure it out. Here's a mobile in Port St. Lucy. Hello. Just a little trend when we report here. I was in San Diego. And confirmation of how bad baseball is. Hate the sport. Hate the players. I get any elevator. And there's a guy that I kind of recognize known as the big unit. Randy Johnson. In person, uglier than what he comes on the collection. That's a lot. Yeah. So I get on the elevator. There's three little kids in the back of the elevator. And I get on and I look at him and I say, He, I know you. This guy stayed looking straight. It's a wall. Not giving any acknowledgment to, of course. I'm not the fan, but the little kids are drooling all over themselves. And this was a close environment. I feed five people on the elevator. And he couldn't give anybody the time of day. If God didn't give, I wouldn't have said it. Well, just imagine, just imagine, somebody speak to him and say, Yeah, if I said, hey, I know you. Yeah. He could have turned and said, or did something just recognize that I'm another human being. You know, he's got some kind of an innate ability that allows him to get a 50 million dollar bonus. And I don't put an animal in my face. If you don't like baseball and you don't like him, why would you go out of your way to say, hey, I know you. Well, just cause I recognize the face. Yeah. To me, it was a situation. It wasn't worth it with a big, strong of people. And he had to worry about it. But I don't understand. He just got to tell me that you hate baseball. So why, why, what do you think? What do we think? He's out. Oh, you would just like recognition that, yeah, you're another person. And I understand where you're coming from. And if you ask me, I'd give me my name. I couldn't have done it. But I recognize the face because you do see him as a picture. So, if you didn't even know who it was. Well, I didn't know who it was. Oh, I must say that. Don't take up a hobby. Take up my junk. Okay, pal. I think you're ready for it. Shuffleboard sounds good. See you at 7.30 in my morning. Right after my trip to the saw grass with Ron and Paul the night. Give me a break, will ya? Doesn't even know the guy's name. Hate baseball. But he goes out of his way. Oh, I know you. You're ahhh. No, you don't know him. In addition to which how do you know him if you don't watch baseball? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Leave people alone. Okay. Leave people to hell alone and stop being a bunch of professional groupies. It's one thing to be friendly like the strangers elevated. Like I'm always telling you about when you go up north or to Europe or any place else with a civilized people and people say hello good morning. And you don't even know who they are. That's fine. But just bugging somebody and don't even know who the hell he is or what his name is. Oh, I know you. You're somebody famous. You're the one with a problem sir. Not Randy freaking Johnson and I couldn't give a crap less about his big unit. Okay. And you're right. He's up here then saw this but they don't pay him on his looks. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, do I'm buddy? Okay sir. Listen, I got a question for you. For instance, you played that bit of the bird. Did you have the bird? Yeah. I got a name for George. It'll pahado. Uh-huh. Okay. When you're people. 560, 560, 560, but they're back to that again. The reporting back to that one, attracting and everything comes back to the same. Metacon, Metacon, Parito, whatever. Look at on. That's my favorite. Pugarn. Oh, I get the chills. Yeah. And that Amazon Jean spot. He's looking for a booger on. Way up in there. Here's Bointin Beach. Hello. Here's Bointin Beach. Hello. Here's Bointin Beach. Hello. Bointin Beach. I'm going to do it. Yes sir. Hey, don't say. Pretty good. Great. Hey, let's. I just want to let you know. My brother introduced me to your show back in October almost a year ago. Yes sir. And we love your show. We listen to it every day in our office. Great. And one thing I want to say is I used to listen to Paul and on in the morning before I knew what a real quality radio show was. Yeah. And I am planning on calling them on Monday and telling them just how much they totally suck. And on top of that, I'd like to request something I've never ever heard. Young Neil and I know it was a big girl. Wait a minute. I've never heard it. I know a couple months ago that you said that you would never ever play it again. As long as you should live, but I would really like to hear it. You don't want to hear it. And in closing, sir, can I call someone to do Spag? Yeah. Rick Sanchez, you are a total flaming at fucking douchebag. Okay. Thank you. See you. No. 560550. What was the answer? No. Well, that's why I thought you said. 560 on the 18T Wireless One. As the plug gets thicker and thicker and thicker. We got all this great radio count in this market man. I think I'll just dig about that. Here's a lady mobile in the keys. Maybe even a real car. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm fine. How are you? Great. I'm just trying to get to these. I want to tell you that I think you're wonderful and I love you. And, you know, what else could I say? Okay. And, Neil, can I get a request possibly? Maybe. For my anus? A request for your anus? Yes. Like maybe some KY or something? Yes. Okay. How is he? Good. Thanks, Neil. You got it. All right, honey. Bye. Bye. 560550. She wants to do something for a rainous. And I'm sure there are plenty of people in the audience right now who have something in mind. But nevertheless, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm going to leave the problem. There you go. That was short. He's got a little problem. The cops give him to tickets and then he says, Bull, crap like that. And he's gone. You know, some of you people, some of you potty mouths up. There's some of you got them. 560560. On the AT&T wireless line. Don't you understand, sir. You can't say crap on the radio. What do I have to say to get through to you people? You people like Ross Piro used to say, which is why they finally kicked his little stupid ass out of there. You people. I realized that in your neighborhood mother's only half a word, but we can't say it, man, because it's America. Because we got the word polis and the ship club polis and a sex police and a pleasure police and a cigar Dave police. You don't be called me anymore, cigar Dave. I'm going to have those other people because you're in a one and a one up with your ass in a ringer. Okay. And by the way, he owns most cigars. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. I like how these owners justify us, subsidizing these stadiums, saying that it improves the quality of life. Well, that's the son Sentinel said that the quality of life is so much so desperately improved by having made Julie baseball. I'd like to show me and then to show me one way that the quality of anybody's life in a thousand proved by having baseball here. You bring community spirit. I'll take part in the will of the next to me. They've thousand people in our last night because the count is brought so much together. And also it generates a lot of new jobs for guys, guys, jerk and sodas too incredible for a lot of jerks. Yeah. That's my dick. I see that. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, that editor. I mean, I've saved that one. But how baseball makes all the sense of the world. I wonder what kind of skin they got going on there to send them because they in the hero. They never for anything unless they see something in the in it for them. 567.0560. We're going to eat something that they are not. I don't know. I'm thinking about it because unfortunately our good close friends had dunked donuts this morning, which I always look forward on Friday mornings. They come and bring in donuts and coffee for the morning guys. And they also bring in those breakfast sandwiches. And I haven't without the bread without the bun. I do my acnes at least for a few minutes anyway. Make it look good. I had a perfect day against day yesterday. By the way. Oh, one day. That's a start. Keep it going. Thanks. So out. Thank it. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Hello. Oh, yes. This is your mother. Okay. Great. Your mama. 567. And you know, I love these people who do that and they wait and they wait and they wait. And we really want to try to say is they have nothing else going on in their lives. Because they know they're going to be on for like a fraction of a second. And now he's squeezing himself and getting all excited. Hey, Scott, our radio turn way up now. Scored, Scored. See what I mean? Didn't take long. Oh, which brings us back to the call to the end of the show yesterday. We may have to play that. Well, I'm a wait till Monday. That was really interesting. That. Wacky Jackie. He still has no life. I should see at least that people are consistent. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T. Warders line. 2. 2. 2. 2. The bag is all just back. 3. 3. 3. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 6 stars. The night dog does them all. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog, singing like a man. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 4. 5. 4. 5. All right, the mad dog was just a little endivoling, but we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not, I don't think so. So we had looking for a happy family. And tell them, either his brain's or his signature would wind up on the contract. That's Son of a fish, this huge. Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! And it's me. Allow me to say that that that this guy who's gotta bring him after this. If you don't quickly. Oh, my God, Oh, my! Yeah, I  away two big jackasses three this morning. You're decided to win. Too bad, and Oscar! So many these won't even work, do something good not too often don't make a habit of it. 5, 6, 7, and by the way for those of you desperate out was the making of the Britney Spears video is on MTV right now. You see what you want to know what Paul and Rhonda really pissed off about? I was the one who discovered that thing in her video. Now I'm going to show you how big that's become. Yesterday on TRL, I'm surprised nobody has mentioned this. On TRL, yesterday Carson gets a letter from some viewer in California who points out that in the Britney Spears video, there is this real standing on a feder with a car scratching her crotch, picking it, diddling with it. Now how many weeks ago did I tell you? I was the first one, it goes to show I miss nothing. Okay, I miss nothing. If there's something perverted and second twisted going on, I'm all over it. So to speak. And I pointed that out and it's amazing to me how many different people in this audience had people I know. We never saw that. And even on TRL, which they didn't play that video every day for about 5,000 days now, they never saw it until this girl in California writes the letter and says, take a few good that and they showed it in slow-mo and freeze frame last night on there. And she's still picking it. How do you like that? And the Crocs too. What are we going to eat by the way? You've got to get touched on the neck you want to know. Yeah. Well, what can he, he's got that delicate condition, you know? He does all better. Sand told me he can only swallow limited quantities of limited things. How about we haven't had Tony's in a while? Well, I have a day. I liked a year or four of craft. We haven't had Tony since Monday. They're great. That's why we have them so often because we love our friend, Brad, and the price is right. It's free and he loves us and don't stop me on the turn pack again, mind your own business. But yeah, we love him at the corner of the 193 North West, second Avenue. What you want? Just a bunch of their stuff. You know, a couple of pizza and some stuff. You want some sausage and onions? No, no, just some of those pizza and toppings. I'll just scrape it off the top. I'm used to doing that. 560, 505, 60, pound five, especially with the cheese. Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Good afternoon, I guess. Now, and you all are here today. When is do you, sir? I was calling regarding morning radio down here. And to say the best. Yeah. I found one channel our station that I like and that's with Bob and Tom and Bob and Tom are great. Funny, I'll say it. I laugh all the way to work. It's a great way to start the day. Right, a great. And another note here, I'm the hill and headline or article says something about Jim Mannitch, getting more time on the radio. Cool, and you're honest with me, and it is better at what they do. Would you say Jim Mannitch or Neil Hankgoberg? Well, I mean, they do totally different kind of a show, you know. Well, you can't put me in. You can't put me in. I can't have a position. I'm going to choose between the Humper and the mad dog. Oh, come on, it's a great Friday show. No, I'm not going to do that. We'll have a great week. I like them both. I'm not going to do that. You put me in a very, I like to see the mad dog in the morning show. That would be a good idea. There you go. Okay, I'll have a great day, but the mad dog is, it points out. I always believe he's in the construction business, but it says in various article in Bury of course, doesn't make any mistakes. It says, he's president of a mining based interior contracting company. The mad dog is an interior decorator. Yeah, all right. No one who's always driving around with his windows down. He's an interior decorator of the mad dog. Maybe that's why he used to shower with all those guys, make it. 560, 750, 560, I mean, I like the mad dog is great. I just wish we had like three hours would be good for this show. You know how they just move fill back to three hours? How's this? Worst team in the morning, 6 to 9, Neil, nine to noon, mad dog noon the three, Hank three to six, huh? And then after that, everybody, each dinner and goes out and does something anyway gets laid. Huh, that sounds good. But he's pretty damn busy with that business. I bet you have Greg Dangle a couple million in front of the mad dogs. Put that might do it. 560, 750, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Any idea I do on great. See, I talked about talking about these two clowns. I think both from our Sunday school dropouts. Yeah. There's no way they've seen you with saw grass, because I've seen walk into the copa. Yeah. So what do you think about those two guys? 560, 750, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. How are you doing? Okay sir. I hate that phrase. What do you think about? Anyway. Yeah. What do you think about it? Yeah. As if he said something so profound that I'm going to have an opinion. One thing you'd mention Ross Pro, I always say that someday, if he's ever elected president, when he stands up for the podium, he's going to pull his mask off and he'll be a little Japanese guy standing there. Oh, it could be. Or maybe a little Chinese guy. There you go. Anyway, I want to call it some of your douche bags in that money. My secret. In fact, all the ancient Chinese secrets used to be modern American secrets. But anyway. Anyway, I want to call it some of your douche bags and that's Mike Schneider over UTI and the closing department. Your douche bags. Okay, it's on the close. That's awesome. Okay, see you. 560, 750, 560. It's douche bags Friday, baby. I don't give a crap. I'm going to great mood today. We've got a free lunch coming any minute. Did you talk to them already? No, we're still discussing our order in here. You know, the clock is moving along real, real rapidly. 9 minutes past noon. Not that I want to start getting pushy-raising like that. Killy, whatever the hell we get. Okay, he's going to sit in there be choosing now. Mr. Rackani, I think because he keeps backing up on me. Yeah, he'll eat whatever the hell we get and like it. Well, one thing about these people in this building, all the underlings in here. Oh, that's right. I forgot. He runs the joint when Greg's out of town. I forgot that. Like I said, for the supervisory people, they can order whatever they want. I forgot that. Hey, by the way, I hate to break the news, yeah. We got some screwy sales people and Greg is kind of a punch. And we got some problems around here. But I got news for you, Paul and Ron. This is the greatest God they've placed the work in the world. Oh, I never had. They leave you alone. I told you that three four months ago in Jellie Street in my ass out. So to speak. That's what they're jealous of because we're over here doing great. Making serious money, kicking ass and arrading, having a good time. Nobody standing over our shoulder. Nobody doing any of the things that they lied about this morning. And they're over there working for a bunch of putbackers like people. And I got the infectious concentration camp known as queer channel. That's what they're pissed off about. He gave his left not in half of his right one if he had one to be working over here. Castro Nova. That's why I was just pleading and begging is good close personal friend Peter Leonard. Please, Peter, please. Begging for Peter, baby. I know what that's all about. Looks like the mouth of experience. How much have there been lots and lots of it's Britainian Melissa Joan Hart. He's sausage. Anyway, it's green. Where are we going? Here's Miami, hello. I know. In that post, yes. Are you paying attention? I've had a question or something for her rainers. Speaking for myself and some of the guys here online, I think. Yeah. I think we can all accommodate her. I can't you do it. Hey, yeah. I feel her pain. Let me ask you a question. The other day, you said a fill had moved from our time nine p.m. to midnight. Is that true? Right. Why can't we not get him here for 560? Exactly. That's what I said. I'm going to start a campaign right now. That guy, let me tell you a few minutes. The problem is we got all these stupid ball games on there. We got Marlon games that interfere with that. We're going to panther games. We got her cool games. It would be a... Listen, put your priority straight, mister. Phil Henry will definitely bring in more revenue than any of this others. Well, can you imagine the numbers we can have at night instead of trying to scrap for a little a minute's fuel number of handful of people. If there were only 6,000 people, I'd like to the Marlon game last night. How many people could possibly be listening? I wonder how many people actually had the pleasure of listening to Phil when he was on here. He was, I just cannot say enough of that man. When you sure, when he left, when he left and I'm thinking about what he did, you know, his routine and all that. It's for me to even try. I think George tried a one time when he was doing the... I just told him. And George tried and it's hard. It really isn't doing it. He can't do it. George can't do it. But he tried. I mean, that was funny. And he shouldn't have tried in the first level. That will teach him. I'm going to play a second. I think I can't do it. But one other thing was I going to tell you, oh, as far as your rena's, I mean, are we going to have one arena and every corner? It's ridiculous. In fact, right next to the wall, green, zero, being arena and then there will be a stadium right next to every Eckard. So every alternate street corner, on the other opposite sides of the road, there will be one of each. Every day is, and one other thing, what were the group Daniel's numbers? What did she have? The all-important, all-talented book Daniels? The great book Daniels? Yes. Let's see. And they all look kind of like demo, because they all stuck. If you want to look at men, for example, a 2554, which is our target demographic, Hank had a 5.4. I think between two and six, he had about a 5.7 or a 5.8. And she had, on the third page, still can't find it on the third page, how do you like that? I know it was an embarrassing, unbelievable drop. On the fourth page, oh yeah, in the fall book, Rick and Sus had a 5.1. She had a 1.7. Oh, I'm the one, on the third page. One, on a 50,000-wide station, a 1.7-share. I'm surprised you got that much. Yeah. Yeah. And remember that? Don't forget, it's on the way down. Oh, really? That's catching it and mid-ear on the way down to the bottom. Well, too. All right, Neil. Have a great day, pal. Good old man, take it. Well, let's just play that, go to a clock. It does something for me, okay? Nice new one on a bar, for now having the headlunch. Yes. God is she bad. She a broad. Yeah, pay cheese up, broad. You have to send it abroad. Is what you do if you were smart. Get a one-way ticket. Send it to Istanbul. Underline the last part. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello? Yes sir. Yes I know. Oh it's the one where you get a lunch and broadcast your show in Spanish. See how you're rating too. Uh huh. Is it? No. Why do you want to do it in my name? Do you want to hear it in Spanish? Yeah. Yeah. Okay no. The answer is no. Which is I said that in Spanish by the way not. No. No. Are you thrilled? He's squeezing it. 560, 560, 550, 560 on a mobile one line. We seem to be doing okay English sir. We seem to be squinking out some numbers, eking out a meager modest existence, doing it in English. Okay. No oblast by Neolaki. Got it? I understand. No. I'm sure you will. As in. 560 and by the way I should mention again we're number one in Hispanic men 2554. Not just a white cracker guys and not just a few swatches we got out there. Number one in Hispanic men. See that's what Paul and Runa are upset about. I got the men. I got them and they don't even want them and I got them. 560. What is that? Gross point Michigan? Michigan? Hello. Yes sir. This is a couple of times I call you how you doing. Okay you sound so depressed. I'm not depressed. I'm just out of the very down. Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm wound up on doggy upper or something. No. You know that M&M guy is from gross point. Yeah. Yeah. And we just signed. I mean you guys. By the way I heard the shparks are starting to move away to gross point. How do you like that? That's the room around here. I just started that room today. Yeah well that's good. It's probably true. Hey we saw Tampa Bay just signed a gross point high school kid to their hockey team the lightning. Yeah. And I was wondering you up there several years ago. What do you mean broadcast? Well they carried the show for a couple years. Yeah. The disaster. Was it? The disaster. Well. I haven't stayed there. No. Oh don't do it. Do not do it. Last time I was in Florida I called you from plantation. Most of the people in Tampa have got like one eye in the middle of the forehead in their ears where they're asking for specific. It's bizarre to strain place. Is the Bay polluted? Is the Pope by Jewish? Hey listen. I love to show us. I was wondering. Are you going to be on this satellite thing that the car companies are coming out with? Are you able to broadcast? Pick up radio stations via satellite. Yeah. Are you asking me if we're going to be on it? Yeah. Would you pick your station? I don't know. I don't know. Wouldn't it be good to be able to broadcast this money. No chance. But other men we'd be delighted. If it didn't cost you money you probably would kill the ratings up here and be. That's right. You know I'm on the audio net and I wish more and more people we need to put up big billboards in all the major markets and people just on the internet would be listening to the show. We get calls from and of course if we had that toll free in a number which will never get. No. Well that's all I listen. I still I still will listen. All right. Thanks so much. I had a dick. All right. Okay. And don't forget movie critic Rex Reed. He's obsessed with dick. Huh? He says it's great. 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. So we got less coming from Brad. I hope over Tony's yes we do. It's about time. I mean if the nephew's got to put it in a special order or something to bed. We want lunch and we want it now. By the way, whatever happened to my good close personal friend is going to be working for you next week. Haven't seen him in a long time. I think that somebody's got him doing some stuff on the side. On somebody's side. I don't want to say Jason. Quit wearing that vest Jason people are starting to talk. Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello. Yeah Neil. You're choking to be so boring. Why do you need more power to turn on the something good then okay. Turn on to the death channel. You're going to get you like a T. 560. And by the way, you know that voice chronic chronic. Pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the land 10. Hello. Yes sir. Oh Neil. Yes. A long time first time. Huh? I was reading the sunset in the morning and there was an article I thought. You were really a time hilarious. It's on five in the lifestyle. On page five in the lifestyle. On page fail section. Yeah. And I'm going to talk about a group of a whole tribe of Bantu speaking. Schwarz and a set are genetically related to Moses and they practice that Judaism and they're actually Jewish. But they're smart. I got here somewhere. And he's actually related to Moses over there. And a confirmed African Jews answers to how he liked that. Oh, yes. Yes. Moses all the brothers were screwed around Schwarz. In fact, I think Boker Brian's going to be doing a bit coming up soon. It's called all the Schwarz are Jewish to the two of them. That would be a good term. Of course, you don't have time for us anymore. He's a big star now. Can't you just hear that now? How about that old guy that calls in the Thursday songs? Yeah. But when I you hate like poison, that sings his cornball songs. Anyway, the lembai, Bantu speaking people of South America have a tradition that they were led out of Judeo, but Judeo by a man named Booba. Or is that Baba? It's the only got one B. Booba. They practice circumcision. Keep one day away, Coli, and avoid eating pork or pig-like animals. Such as the hippopotamus. They don't even eat no hippo. Your markable thing about the lembai tradition is that it may be exactly right. A team of geneticists has found that many lembai men carry in their male chromosome, a set of DNA sequences that is distinctive to the Kohanim. The Jewish pre-sip believed to be the descendants of Aaron Solomon. How do you like that? I would have sworn that I saw a hybnic in the ador way there, but I'm sure most of them mistake. The pre-sip genetic signature is particularly common among lembai men who belong to the senior of their 12 groups. The Booba clan. It's times like a booba micey to me. The discovery of the lembai's Jewish ancestry is come about to the intertwining of two unusual strands of inquiry. See, that's the problem of the U.P. You're a dumb guy. That's the problem. That's why you don't have the circle to do a really entertaining show. You wouldn't know a bubble micey from a booba micey, from a bubble up there in a oral office. That's the problem. So how do you like this? We got the Africans are Jewish. Let's hear it. So I say let's start splitting up. Instead of worrying about the West Bank and all the little strip of desert, let's start splitting up Africa. And give some of that land back to the Jews that had belongs to. That's what we say. We cut the crap. Because after all some of the Africans are moving to Gross Point anyways with the last question. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. What did Hibnick want by the way? What's he doing? Paramarlas tickets. About your pardon? He was wondering if there was a spare pair of marbles tickets for a Sunday. From whom? Do you have any? I don't know. I took him home. I was bringing him back. For any Sunday evening? This Sunday. Oh, I'm not going to do that. I'm going to go home now and get the Marlin tickets and bring him back. Could you? No. I can't keep the packer in his hands. I'm married, son. You got me talking on the passion song. Tell me the story about how you got Sloan. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, I'm not going to get you down. I'm going to get you down. I'm going to get you down. I'm going to get you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, very little down. Call up and tell me what is all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you in a sex with? Would he black or put in white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. 133.5. 50 WCM. I think we'll be talking baseball six after that. It's the Marlon game you run your own. Marlon, Jenny, who'd play now? This way. Oh, Colorado Rockies. Jim Marles, Jim Malilins back in town. Anybody excited about that? No. He is anybody else. No. Okay. 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Nanny. Nobody there. Okay. Mobile. What does that say? Hi, Leah. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow, how you doing? Okay. I'm going to talk about a math Cuban, a math Jewish. Well, I think I don't have Jewish because I don't practice Judaism. I think it's a math. All the kids are linked by DNAs. That means Jewish is a race. Yeah. Because if that's case, I got to find my mom. Because you shouldn't be crooked. Oh, nice. I hate when that happens. Okay, pal. Thank you. I get the second zone. Whatever that means. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. As we hit that middle of the lunch hour brick wall again. Oh, boy. That's okay. Our lunch is on a way very well. Why do I smell soap? Smells like something. I hope they don't drop it. Can't you smell like soap? Oh, maybe it was here's a little bit of the events. What? Think it's an event. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, Joe. Listen. Did you hear the story about the SEC relaxing me the standards for televisions? And they're going to kind of do what they did with radio, where you can large networks can now own several different stations in the same market. Is it an upgrade? Did you hear that? I thought that happened yesterday at CNBC at a whole big thing about it. Did the Edants and can buy another half of those stations and they can be hyperventilating all over the dump? Yeah, there's a lot of redundancy, you know, and even this market, you know that. So that's what the interesting thing is to maybe we'll get rid of somebody's question of a whole pound, like an answer or a rainy day, whatever. So, and that's about it. Okay. All right, talk to you later. Have a great day. And you'll know that they are lip problems are problem. 560, 560, one call left at a board. What would be a shame if we had to like we've addressed the music here on a Friday. But we were going along so well, building something tremendous momentum and then all of a sudden just disappears, like somebody pulled a plug. 560, 560, pound 560 on our mobile one line. Maybe I'll take the tender read that thing by a Watson and a two risinger. Or nearly writes a really marginal column in the world. But this morning hits it right on the old head, if we can still say that. Can we say head? No, I'm sorry. I got right to the point is what I meant. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Question about that article you just read. Could be politically correct or those people now use the schwarzes or schwarzes, they could use. Uh-huh. We'll check with the rebbie. Okay. You're not here. You're another guy with no material. Here's a mobile and an avid shirt. Hello. Yeah, I know. Okay, sir. Great. Any of what's the controversy with Ron and Paul? I mean, I don't know. I tuned in late. What is the controversy? Yeah. I heard the verse. He started the song and dance with the schwargriiff from Power 96 yesterday, ripping her for being on a psychic hotline and saying that she's got those scruples and she's, you know, as no, uh, integrity because she's selling out with a crack, uh, psychic thing. So she called him up on the air, ripped him an ass rightfully so and pointed out that the jealous that she's making all that money and that they also shill for a lot of stuff that maybe marginal and then I, we play the call on here on this show and I ripped them them and deservedly so. So then they, I evidently spent most of their show this morning ripping me, making up historical stories about how Paul ran into me at the song last night and I told him it's only a radio show and I haven't been in the song last in ages. Haven't seen castren over years and when a big song that's about how our ratings are in the toilet and just one lie after another, the word you're looking for is desperate. That's there you go. I want to say I had to call you because two months on the act and they'll up 25 pounds. All right. I'm going to do something. What do you mean he didn't do nothing, as a player I thought he was good. I was very upset when I got rid of it. I don't remember it. I don't know what the magic supposed to be to do that but I don't know what the magic supposed to be to do. Now you're a little bit a little bit a lot of years. What I hear. If it don't work out. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Oh my, this man is out of control here. Look at this. Hey, you know, you got no grip at the right now sitting in your back yard there in the South Beach. Is he talking about the sunglasses? Oh, I'm not watching your channel right now. Well, that's wrong with the Neil Rogers show to know it's not what's wrong. What that looks great with it. We're watching Britney Spears naked and I don't even care about that. Oh, look at that. Here's some guy with something. That's not a bill of Griffith. That's the chairman of the sunglasses. Look at Bill's legs. You see that? And what did you not like? Well, it's hard not to like several things. I don't want to look at Bill's legs. Gee, I mean, it would lunch us on the way. You're going to give me lose my appetite. God. So what's going on, Ted? Last time we chatted, you said something about you didn't want to bust my chops, but next time you talked to me, you'll ask and then I then he didn't finish it. 86 and three quarters on AOL was down as low as 80 yesterday. How do you like that? Didn't I tell you stay off of that thing? You did. I did. I don't know. If you see you have this guy's got Alzheimer's Ted David. That's what it's good to talk to me for guess what I told him a couple of days ago. That's right. Now, what did you say? I don't know what I said either. You're not going to get him any experts and even did I talk to every day and all the answers. And you know what every one of those, that's what they know absolutely nothing. They come out and go bling bling like that, but it would be terrible. But I would say, you know, it's a dog and pony show. I was up on your website and I realized almost drops are available. Yeah. We may have to use some of them with your permission. Well, you promised to start doing that the other day. It sure is how it's priced up some of those shows. Firstly, you know, you listen, you need to get some laughter out of the investors now. Listen, can I ask you a question? Yeah, at the risk of boring the rest of your audience. Go ahead, they don't care. I was always fascinated by those. They're all ready boards. The two, the OI and the Roy, what is Roy? Roy. Thank you. And then, you know, and I started doing that around the house. Roy, why? Why for the what that? What is the genesis of that? Of what? Well, who is that? What's it all about? Who is Roy? Roy. And when we went to a demonstration on IOD was sold a pack. Right. And they had an engineer whose name was Roy. And he was going to be a lot like most engineers. And he was a real bizarre individual. And we, we, so the guy that did the, Oh, I see. Oh, I see. He did it as raw raw. And then we came over here. And of course, one of our salespeople, a lot of our face people, is the former dolphin, the superstar Roy Foster. So it kind of fit right in and we brought it along. Okay. Who, who, by the way, raw. There's good buddies with OJ Simpson. I just thought you ought to know that. Well, that, I, I am going to enjoy that. And also, I had my 14 year old, that's singing that old. That you did the Brian Cox and the Rift of them, that was one of my, one of my guess, fine by the FCC for receiving you. That we've only been playing like seven or eight years. And it's one of my favorite bits of all time. All right. I don't want to go that way out to the airport. And you had them on and I pushed that a little like a tick to phone. It's my briefcase recorded it. I still have it at home. And I list to at least once a week for a shot. Yeah, I'm glad you told me that though, because when the hearing comes up with the FCC, I'm going to make sure that our FCC attorneys tell them up there in Washington. That Ted David at CNBC loves that. But find the, uh, brainers. And that'll probably get us off the hook. Certainly appreciate having my name read in the record. There you go. Well, I'm going to leave you to the rest of the afternoon. Just to point here, Bill Griffith, in South Beach, on CNBC to doused down 60 to an Aztecs up three and the 30 year bond is yielding 6.13%. And all of that is exactly why we're going back to MTV. Thank you. Take it. As they say, it's all signed, McLeck. In Zagazon. Bye, bye. Okay. Oh, wow. He is obsessed. Out of control. The great Ted David at CNBC. How do you like that? A maniac. I guarantee he ain't called that morning's show on Zeta. Oh, no chance. Call those losers those luck. I'm so glad we got a man of high principal like Ron Brure on here in this town. That's what I'm excited about. Man, who never not only stole a freight train, but never continued straight story without looking at the ceiling. Why do you, please? Be a call and have a call to let you know. Work, work, work, work, work. I don't wait. I call the call. I pray to no go to the road. I can't feel my back he's blowing. Yeah, I hate to tell you, sir. I can't wait, I call the call. Any act that I'm done now on my hands and knees. Oh! Let's together tightly squeeze. You bestow low gore in this bag. Or run those use at Tessie's town. So in my blood of Willick's fly. I can't wait, I call the call. Well, 45 at 560 WCM. Roll a pro was just down here. Do you remember him? No. Yeah, he's a good guy. Just a stuck his nose in the door. I think I'll say is the wrong getting older. While when you don't see somebody like that for a long time and they come in and I mean, it's good to see him, but we're all getting old. Anyway, so here's this great column because the phones are dying anyway. It's about time we got to this little kill some really good time, but it's great. Nice going to rising or whoever you are at the Harold. School board now, sex police. The Broward school board having poked it's nose where it doesn't belong. It's gotten its whiskers caught in the ringer by suspending two teachers without pay because they were found in a private sex club. Let me say that word again, a little louder. The board should now extricate itself as delicately as possible. It can do this by hitting a Murium olefans call for reconsidering this we say to one vote to suspend without pay. While I'm either sexual saint nor swing or I'm a Paul that the board would in effect vote to fire two consenting adults who were acting in private on their own time. One teacher was having sex with his own wife for quite an out loud and is even charged. Of course, I'm also a Paul that droward cheer up Ken Jenning in his troops. And nothing better to do six months ago than raid members only swingers club in four-laternale and Pompano. Broward is not enough violent and white collar crime with real victims. That private sex clubs rank very low on my probably list of problems she says. But raid they did finding no prostitution, no drug rings, but embarrassing themselves mightily. Among the 55 arrested were one cop, one jail guard in the wife of the sheriff's office employee. Plus these two teachers who by the board's public action Tuesday have now been humiliated beyond belief. Trashing around for a charge BSO cited most of those arrested, including one teacher, with Lude conduct. That brings up a new twist of the old pre-falling in the fourth puzzle. If sexual act occurs in private between consenting adults, can the act be Lude? Doesn't Lude necessarily mean that someone present had to be offended or have their rights infringed upon? Uh-huh. If such acts are not considered Lude in the privacy of our homes or hotel rooms, then why would they be deemed Lude in a private club, she acts? Howard Simon executive director of the ACA you and Florida finds the school board's actions very troubling. It's inconsistent when prison guards at Stark are suspended with pay while being investigated in the murder of an inmate, but these teachers lose their pay for acts committed in private, what kind of message is government sending? Fritz brought the school board as relying on the right to fire for act of moral turptitude, turpentine. Simon recalled another arrow when firing teachers on moral grounds included being gay or being unmarried in pregnant or being a man with an unpopular political party that would be unthinkable today he said. And so should firing them for private consensual sex, if the teachers had committed a Lude act in school or in public or would students out of school, that to me could be an act of moral turpentine. Or a much more alternative, if one of them had sexually harassed an employee, as principal John Smith was accused of doing nearly two years ago, when he allegedly gave a Victoria Secret Satin robe a sex toy and an adult video to an unrecived teacher. The school board kept Smith on the payroll for 18 months in an out of school post then allowed him to resign with his pension. One hypocrisy the board can don't such behavior from a principal, but now intudes on two teachers' private sex lives. At the very least the board should reinstate the teacher was not charged and suspend with pay the teacher was charged until her case is decided in court. To do otherwise is to stick its nose where clearly he doesn't belong. Nice going so, great column. Beauty. And then the heralds got this big thing in a broward section, this big article about this tip that led to the suspension of the two teachers and caused the BSO to put on this big dog and pony show for the benefit of the media cameras which they invited in to tape it. And this outburst thing that they're doing now in the herbal they called in or facts in your comment, whatever the issue is. I'm going to read about the 20 responses here. I would say about 15 of them are in support of the teachers and really aghast at the BSO and all this crap and the school board. One of them for example saying, on the mother of three children grown I think what the herald is done by publishing the names of these teachers is an absolute disgrace. They went to a place that is not illegal, it hasn't been closed up. I think it's horrible that the reputation has been ruined. And then also there are letters like this one. That is ridiculous that those people think that they're okay by going to a sex club that's a sense of perversion and we don't want that around our kids because they get tired of the sex clubs and then what then they're going to vent on our children question mark there's a brilliant letter. Consenting adults having sex in private, yeah if they close up the club they're going to start molesting children that's a logical progression. Right. 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line here's a mobile in coconut creek hello. Hey Neil what's going on? How's it thinking about this teachers? I mean with kids getting past grades in their classes I mean what they molesting their children in their classes I hope not but I don't think they were. And you know it's crazy and that Paul Castor Noble. This is those guys anyway man anybody with any sense listen to the bottom of the morning anyhow. And those guys are great man. Hey they mentioned you every once in a while for another show and I like the stuff really. Yeah. Are you serious? About six months ago I said Neil Rogers for another show. Alright love that Bob and Tom they're the best baby they blow Howard away and certainly Paul and Ron are they I mean they're like minor league kindergarten. Yeah, those guys are not I used to listen to them but that I was just nothing else listen to. Yeah. Yeah. They got call from just back. Yes sir. Hey Paul and Ron and Dougie you're a douchebag. Okay, see. 560 560 we got 1617 hundred open lines here. Another hour and nine minutes to go. I don't think we're going to see two o'clock baby. I have a feeling we're closing up shop here right after lunch which better be real soon by the way. I don't want to get pushy but God I'm starving over here. Dianne. 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line we even pay for it and there's still no takers. Here's a mobile and candle hello. Yeah. Good afternoon now. Yes sir. Yeah. You were talking about that things with the teachers and all that. I had myself frequented one of those closets down there at the same time. Oh my God. Yeah. And I tell you what it was all consenting adults there was no force sex everybody. They wanted to do and basically I think it was more of people just doing voyeurism than anything. And I can't understand why that it's like they're on a crusade just like when that old sheriff I forget his name what was the same name that he's a moral right right the same thing that they're trying to I don't know is an election year or something that disguise trying to Well if I forget this year but the fact is that Ken Jenney has got his eyes set on a higher side to another. He's only you know just passing through in the night he wants to be a senator he wants to be governor he wants to be something. So again this is what they always do they always try to pander to the old parts this this idea. And so we're the great moralist and we're going to clean up all of this crap in a meantime what most sensible people want is clean up the crime and making the street safe and forget about what consenting adults are doing in a private club right in our home or any other guy in place. Right right well that's just like what was that commissioner the one that got caught with Kathy will it he was also a crusader there right that's right and you know remember he's a. Go whatever was yeah also I just a chance of subject I know you're a big cigar smoker what type of cigar do you recommend. I like to predominate reserve the OX. Who will make that next. Oh, Nick what about like party guess or mac and new door all those. Yeah, they're you know, it's a mind thing you know it's to their very expensive and they're okay, but. You think what they're over over crying over price exactly right. Well now when you're talking about like next what are you speaking out as far as like money wise for a box or you know that's usually the way I buy the cigars. Now, see now you're out of my league because when you get your cigars for free I don't know how about how about an answer yours you have any idea how much like for a box of predominant reserves. What about just a bunch of that. Oh, that's not bad. That's pretty reasonable. No, I know years ago you salmon to do with my sister. Occasional I'd sit next to you next to the dolphin at the dolphin games. And I didn't have a dispute with your sister. I was there that year this. Well, I'm the school teacher. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just a friendly and I was just for fun. She was great. Yeah, no, I'll see you can be a ballbuster. Yeah, I know. You could be like a jack rabbit up and down up and down exactly. She's like she's okay. All right. I would get there. Exactly. All right. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. By the way, my go to those games anymore. Oh, had great seats right there in the 50 hour line. But it starts getting a little bit, you know, lot of drugs, a lot of slabs out there those ball games. You said, oh, let me watch it for free in the company. You're living room. You give the tickets away to somebody who appreciates it like Port Jo Castella or anybody else who needs some free tickets. I would have been very glad to give him that tickets for that Sunday's game. But sorry, heavy. No God. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. It's more than I heard a little bit of insight of Larry King. Have you heard about him in any co-fax? What does that mean? Yeah. According to I heard it's morning when the Fox shows Larry King wrote in the story that he grew up with any co-fax and they, they're all childhood friend and they, I've been doing this a long time. How's that possible? What was his name? Andy Cofer. How do you mean in New York? I have no idea. But this was actually what his book and they asked him to co-pots about this. He said, who's there? King, I have no idea. He was there. Exactly. That's different. He's a ball crowd artist. He was a ball crowd artist. But he was going to talk about how they used to ask you both the best there. I was a dream and then you said, one day they were at the feed corner. He knew the friend. I guess he was a high school at the time. After that, we were in the bus sign and apparently back to the bus signs were way down by the comfy blocks. Right. And if you wrote his book, that couple of football players, boys who were four and five times they stayed at the 10 times and he walked away. But I thought it was funny that he had no idea. Okay, five six, five, six, seven, five, six. You want to make sure and pound five, sixty on a mobile one line? Whatever you say, pal. And then to do it best. Let's go up to a mobile and highly. a mobile and highly a hello and ill yes sir you know what the line is nobody cares buddy nobody about what they walk right over here yeah about one you know this teacher issue you know people should be up on things are what do they care it's our privacy okay I don't want to miss this audience doesn't care I talked about this a couple of times in the last two years about the swing clubs and about the rate never get any calls and most of the people who go there are terrified to have their voice on here yesterday we did get a couple calls the guy that runs the the trapeze to and then we had one other guy that even put his first name on here that goes there and frequency joint the most people like all those places are so terrified because America you know is can has been brainwashed in believing that anybody who's doing sex anywhere it's a dirty and evil in disgusting and so there's no constituency that's visible but near it's not that the issue is the issue I mean it could be anything you do don't write it that or whatever you want to do there's nobody cares no nobody cares yeah thanks for the good news did he say that more than one size yeah nobody cares you're right pal but we already know that what the fuck you do I want to call you okay okay you want to call me I do you want to call me I do you want to call me I don't want to call you I'm just a WQM flag line yeah I like to talk to Neil oh this is not him okay hold on damn it I hate what not happened you know but we go give a number I'm sorry I'm like you hung up on this guy just to clear that line is that what you did yeah you'll like this guy's not good WQM flag line you're good shine how it shoes you you're faggot yeah yeah that's right yeah keep mentioned how it's their new going shiny shoe yeah I would have wanted to listen you suck yep okay so let's give that guy's number on here now what is it that ever only is desperate nice I thought it's been to came here from New York he was said to lose or they kicked him out of the city 12 many people but there was no room for him and he came down here and nobody got talked to him so maybe even call him and keep him busy today because he just said crap on here we had a dump in nine five four one two nine five two nine five two two four one two two four one nine five four two nine five twenty two forty one maybe you can talk about Howard with his guy didn't you should compare no to take crap with you guys or take one I'm listening because you're stuck yeah you gotta start is a guy that you make fine at the sea show wearing a speed no they come at all sizes and they range from making boxes of illits people and yes that can be a number check that's where can tell the phone lines and stuff but it can be construction workers yes unless and make one sub-line and no I can't find no but a satellite is a guy is a half on a date with me he can speak the wonderful night with the chance and the transvestite means I can find no but a satellite is a guy is a half on a date with me we can send a wonderful night with the chance and that's nice that's nice one or three at five sixty w q m i love guys like that I love the sound of the venom or like the lung guys says you can hear the venom in his voice the pissed off and part up guy that redneck that yahu that cracker that's simple then okay let's go to a mobile in Miami hello hello Neil yes sir I've been a male catcher novel listener for last couple years yes my heard that this morning I turned it off I just pissed off and fired up and I started listening to Rick and Spud began there you go all right oh fine he can you know he can rip me all you want so I don't care about that I mean I've been ripped for 23 years but at least don't come on here and lie and make up all kinds of stories about the ratings and malware I was at the sagrat and what is the point in other words when you have nothing none of the effect on your side when you have no numbers on your side I guess you have to make up a bunch of crap you got it okay pal five six seven oh five sixty pomp don't forget Rick and says nine forty on a dial baby every morning with all due respect to the worst team I mean if you're a sports nerd you'll listen to the worst team if you're desperate and of course if you're not six to 10 a.m. nine forty on a dial Rick and Sides I love this show right Craig Warding 1580 on a dial and the I will I don't know what time Craig is on six to nine seven to ten six to ten I don't know 1580 on and you know there's got to be some radio for those old farts and I don't mean that is a shot of Craig it's just that for whatever reason those old people they stuck with them to the years hello Craig I've got cancer of the at Donale well that was the press in last night norm that was the press in five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty on the AT&T line here's a mobile in point in beach hello hey near how you doing pretty good sir for the last one he uses for the sitting back if being entertained and I seldom call all right the seller was asking about this to go as I just had to give some input because I just used the morning after reading that article about the swing club with my wife like we went out and we knew our passport this show was going to be a believe this country anytime we asked you we left the ass and then I went down the next right now because of your recommendation I tried to put on the reserve x I think it's excellent that the thing that really makes me keep going back and by it is everything I smoke my wife says this is the one cigar that doesn't offend her when we do what we do so you know I have to keep buying those I think it's a great cigar I love it I'm never took care of me wonderfully about a box and we choose to be when we discount I work at it at 25 sticks in a box that 174 bucks oh now she also and it becomes out there and buys that other commercial stuff that's really over-prepared especially when you compare it to mixed quality he's an idiot you have a good out of me he just a not one say is anybody just uh is brainwashed in the believe it that you got to pay an arm in a leg to get a good cigar because it's got a big fancy fancy name like that and that's why people this was they go down the next they get turned out a little bit so much because they have great cigars they don't have to pay all that money wonderful beautiful dead but also then you couple samples of the predominant squared right the Cameroon and it's a wonderful wonderful cigar when I think you're wonderful two weeks from this week when I go down there again I'm probably going to get a box of each duty thank you for your recommendation Neil and you are God and have a great weekend five six seven oh five sixty prime that guy's in boit and beach you do a roll way down to the domain I mean I scroll on sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless life once can't be far away can it can it oh don't say that I want to get pushy because you know we love Brad's and they take their time to send the very best in settlement so on where is it here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir rock you find this that call the few wild call back which one could I know many I know the one about the Larry King story yeah he was listening to Howard show this morning and that was a year old show Howard's on the case that's story it's so all about the Sandy co-fact people that done that they don't realize the listening to a tape story yeah the Ken Jen thing this man definitely you hit it right on the head this man definitely has other aspirations oh that's not just my opinion I mean that's in a stable strategy but no doubt exactly I have a friend that's very high up in the Fort Lotte of Delphi Department and his aspiration is by the way they hate them like poison they hate Ken Jen like poison right his aspiration is first to be mayor of power county and then who knows from there on problem with the senate and got for bid you know uh uh something higher up I think next I know that now that this thing is causing so much stir with the swing clubs I think uh he's getting so much press out of it he probably next will move to make a section illegal in uh your homes for a consenting at all well let me let me let me let the very least enforce the sign of me laws on the books of that if anybody's caught doing anything even in the privacy of the room other than missionary position face to post that they're going straight to jail it's disgusting I mean this this man invaded a private club and uh basically these people weren't doing anything wrong now I'm not in favor of law to say I think people sue people too often but this one would really be handy where if these teachers were able to uh sue the county of uh uh browser yeah where you'd law sue uh and eventually stop putting a you know start putting a stop to this this kind of invasion I mean you know this I did it with the cruise ships uh you know confiscating the floppishing I mean when is it gonna stop you're working out good didn't that that worked out great went up in his face to had a spent taxpayer money to go through that big exercise and then go through another exercise I just slumped all the machines back that was good how often is this guy gonna screw up and waste taxpayers money on trivial things and not even illegal things and and hopefully often enough to make sure we don't get elected in the next whatever he runs for well you know I mean you need the first law as far as this the swing clubs I don't I personally do not uh I don't condemn anybody that will go to them it's their business I mean whatever anybody wants to do for quantity as long as it's not illegal however what do you if you want it to free you want these clubs what about the fear that you know if you're in there on a weekend and they get rated in your appreciation shot well that's the idea that's that this is the way they close down adult businesses is they go in there and they raid and they raid and they make poetry they make clientele and potential clientele paranoid and terrified so that you know they stop to them business and that eventually they go bust anyway so that's that's the whole idea well these not the fact that's the stop and like I said I think that huge law is to what help it I don't know how a lawyer hasn't picked up on it to end on after them also one of the thing in closing I'm a fanfare season ticket holder I'm very I'm I'm pleased to know that we don't have any thoughts to make a playoff next year right that article that he wrote good that was this by the new year by the end of the millennium the release supposedly the end the more he's will be long gone I should I should all at least go on to see that so let's say a prayer thanks yeah ten times one at five sixty goodbye Brian Murray and take care of it with it too okay with a banjo on your knee because they have done nothing nothing zippity do do do zero I mean lately this the trade of fifth round traffic for this check was supposed to be so great and uh... is he coming here no offer to my big deal is he coming no he's still in coming nice gone Brian it just always keeps blown up at our face it just uh... I know I looked up training and the itters now from the director of star track and the producer of the spy who shag me it's the spy who shags far too on the q-honey sir would you mind explaining that season please all that you holdy baby yeah fascinating but quite important to move the baby that's my anatomy being different yours I am delighted well that's not a relief very long and judging from what you've seen so far I have a very open hey the spy who shags far to the shag now is showy shag names I wonder what star-fake command was saying about that in long and prosper yeah baby yeah so great reach is nice column bearer not return your calls anymore okay you jackass you put whacker he's an athlete said about very jackass yeah give me a hand with a wadda five six seven five six five six the pound five six the only eighteen two wireless line and he also says by the way we're hiring podcast and over here no that's what he said i mean you talk about stupidity the guy get the the worst team and i'm making us a beef host didn't hallway this morning according to ten and he said to me he said even we beat them out on the worst team he said that's the ultimate slap in the face and that's the truth that he's calling here oh lots the job he wants to job I mean if i were for a channel I'd be calling I'd be looking at the yellow pages for radio stations that aren't even on the area like uh...waffen i'd be calling them will they harm no five six seven five sixty pong five sixty on the eighteen two little wireless so anyway i saw a grig at the assault wireless last night yeah let's just start making up a bunch of crap okay i mean who cares about credibility only but on the year a hundred years in the market fly a worry about it put whacker put you put whacker right paul here's what lot of deal hello yeah sir how are you doing great uh... fire for for you yes at the uh way me fall pv party last night uh broken you'll still fair schlepping around where me you're not working around for what but run on the other side just drinking from martin is i guess but around trying to get on the camera you know how that all you know that will be the nail in her car for anybody see that bitch exactly she's looking bigger too let me tell you thanks for the good news i can't okay maybe she shared that bicycle pump back home yeah with Paul it's worth just described it cast it because i haven't seen them in so long i just i've mentioned during the break i said if you walked it now i wouldn't recognize them and you just went on and on pop pop pop pop pop apparently the uh... aforementioned sales person was not the only person he approached to a post-greck on his behalf on break so i'm not according to Greg so this is right from our general manager's mouth not just some of the zagar like paul uh... a peter Leonard or whatever's name is peter paul and Leonard there are other people here whom Paul cast her an over try to have intercede on his behalf that Greg read meet with him to try to get uh... three different jobs to try to get away the guys from be full and the jowers the little log in my good friend jellie there in a morning are we gonna hear this guy no that's why he so desperate huh i think defa had a point you get that by the worst team on an a m radio station that does no promotion zero counter with your fingers okay if you even have no hand you can still count zero and he's on her with a big son of that pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop up and let me tell you something sweet art show Griffin's got more class in her little finger believe me even or fingers are fed he's got more class in her little finger then you got in your whole big chubby body okay mister hot shot mister goodie two shoes mister super more list who's been in all of rest of us i'll see it the pussycat okay sweet heart five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warvice line here's a mobile in Naples hello speak to me sir is that possible or not no i'm just repeating what i just said oh i said what's the new pussycat is he dead i'm just the call of the four you know he killed dead the call of the four the first whole harrow is live this morning this guy was probably in the woods okay the larry the larry are we going back to the okay have a nice day pal and whatever you're drinking sense them over sense a media five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warvice line oh man they're doing a Naples man yeah they're smoking a good stuff your Naples to celebrate those big ratings the beeswey's had how do you like that so now the now the plot starts to thicken okay i'd like to have you tonight that on here on monday just like maybe the queer channel people will deny that they had the cigar they call me at home about three weeks ago oh yeah well they'd like to have you back in the interested in the you know yeah they're really interested in trying to remake what they destroyed into our part that's what their interest in doing is it gonna happen no yeah they'd like to make i and z what i would be used to be right yeah that's like blowing up your house with uh you know with dynamite and a few days later saying you know i really uh like to sit here and watch my house become what it used to be yeah yeah good luck to you especially with all that great town you got over the air on the air after 10 in the morning oh you know i said it's kind of tough when you get beat up by Dr. Laura the ratings here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami you know this whole sex club thing is really great you know i think that it would teach me kids the wrong thing or teaching kids that sex is bad and who wants a bunch of holy 20 year olds walking around street looking for a way to vent their frustration for god six yeah i just wish i had enough guts to go to these things it's like a blast right i'll see you know i'll see you next to them well i'm heavy great i'll be on the next flight all right yeah oh and there was gonna be more is he still there he's gone a bit are you there sir he was still there but he's got that radio cranked up it's my fault i'm so sorry am i sorry about that oh well i got a quick finger man got to have a quick finger baby oh my god it's been my head is just dropping you on or why because i think i'm a polishing over here i'm gonna pass down i think Brad probably changes mine i think and you know what took so long was i don't want to start with an effu because i know he's a big shot got the inside line of the uh the head hancho there but never less i know you're in there no well wasn't he the one at the lady order last time i checked uh it was just those extra couple minutes it would have been a half hour ago not that i want to lay a guilt trip on him or anything here's Daniel hello hello yes sir they'll speaking Neil i agree with that call a fool about the how it's turned you said i think you are really a no talent yeah wow you're still listening you're still oh why that jerk oh listen to the show that's good huh jerk this another new year ok huh see let me and let me also say it again i was the one I got on here it said how are you at a 26 year and four miles i don't have to talk about those numbers he doesn't need any more money than he's already got his name and help for me i said it and tell it to where it is in addition of which he's not on at this time he's not on right now okay pal i'm not here competing with how are there anybody else from the you walk okay i'm here doing just fine and the and and seeing people like this what they don't understand i've said this a lot more to last few months than i ever said before but it's just amazing that the rest of the audience is listening to what asshole like you and their thinking but this guy is not only listening he's making the effort to call and hang on for like 10 15 minutes whatever was so that he can say this and express he's disgusting attitude which is what so many the new year has brought to us down here we got nice people from the europe but not nearly enough most of the nice people from the europe is still in the europe all these losers all these sour they all sound the same they all smell the same they're all cut out of the same crap walking crap on legs and the fact that an old fossil like you can't even get anybody's to want to play shuffleboard with or maju on the road of the track or do something that should be a hell of a commentary that you have to sit there in your own massacist way listening on and on to this no talent suckle fact that's on already right now and you're squeezing yourself so hard and believe me in your case it won't do any good i love it i love guys like that i'd pay like a thousand dollars a call for guys like that it's how wonderful they are and believe me it just wounds me to the quick i don't know if i'm gonna be able to survive because we had not only one but two old new europe bastards like this today not one two i may have to be looking my wounds all weekend we covered to be able to come back on monday you think no here's hollywood hello yeah sir they all gone great you know i i don't know why these people that listen to how are concerned have to you know make such a big song and a dance about it let me let me tell you i listen to how are and i think it's great that i get to listen to how are from six to ten and in you from ten to two and there are a lot of people to do that by the way and i do i'll be telling you and i love you both and i don't know what what what is the big deal why you got to be better than him or he's got to be a good thing it's a juvenile thing it's like like people that have the minds of a four year old i don't know if everything is got to be compared to this this is better than that like we're some kind of competition here right i love you guys both but you know that podcast you know but he's been separating himself from rom on this on the station if you listen to the shows uh it's like he's being very disagreeable he has to be just like a puppet like a bird to you at one time when the bird was with you yeah and now it's like he's trying to separate himself and trying to be individual and now it's now it's apparent why because he's trying to get a job with qa m right or we're ready but he also would have him and look and as much as i and this please with him knocking you because i'm a big fan of yours i would take him over be forest any day the week yeah because he he for us is a reason why i don't listen to qa m in the morning anymore that's what you want to start a little bit what you're beef with beef all i i just can't stand the guy i never heard anybody so stand self grandizing so so in love with his own voice he says he says i i've fact you about this before i i he's he and bellish is everything to the point where you can't stand here he'll kill say things if they 10,000 words they say something you could have said in three kill some good time uh yeah but i can't stand listen yeah well but um i thought you just got to sing listen to how it's the morning i do yeah i do i that's my main and i have news for it you know something even if uh if cashed over came on over here and they fired beef all which isn't going to have it you'd still listen to how and i would you know something you for the majority i probably would but you know what i would listen more to qa m like i used to even when the dolphins are playing you know you used to be before defo gone i used to listen when the dolphins played like right after a game like monday you wanted to do that i would overlook the zits yeah let's go ham sorry like monday or two day yeah you know after a game i would spend a lot of time listening to qa m because i wanted to hear well i mean we'll do that stuff yeah it's a moot point as far as you know this thing because casher nobody ain't coming here and he's evidently desperate to get out there and i i i i i i i in a way i feel sorry for him i i i don't really care about him i almost get it all i talk about him but the fact is i don't mind him ripping the only ones but don't go on here and make up stories and lie don't lie about the ratings don't lie about running to me at the song rest it's pathetic like casher no i could could drop tomorrow or whoever that's not the point the point is i would be i'd love to see defo go okay how about the message on okay in other words is he'd listen to how or casher no way and that but he just hates defo we got to message he hates him like poison and i said you need to hear what i said but that's okay what i said i would overlook the zits 26 after one and it's just i just said it has no wolf now see it was lost in the translation okay he'll rock you fine thanks to a good buddy grads over there at Tony's for a great lunch today what his speech is great i'm scraping it off and the cheese too not eating that the crust which is the sad thing of the crust is really good can't do it baby can't do it pali 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in West Palm Beach hello hi Neil how are you doing great i'm the guy that's on your cart that says what's a buffalo bill right i got one thing that i hate working the buffalo bills and that's rapid music what is a buffalo bill that's me how about that comment on rockie's jimley lunch back in town is the rate tremendous swallowing excitement i can you feel it in the air can you smell it here's my me hello hey Neil i'm going to go i'm going to get really low cloud boss a pig yeah you can call them up right now but you think i put them okay i was so yours oh no 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT i don't have any how do you like that sir i don't have any my friend as the bridge tender would say you know what i'm talking about any york yeah that one i don't have it oh my son suck around what is it just have to call his son suck yeah call up jocastel or maravor anyway between six and seven on that dumb auto racing showy does and suck around for uh those tickets that i gave you is you're going to give me the oh no here's camera hello hello Neil yes sir i'm sorry usually i call up and i go around but i'm really pissed off and fight up while you're stopped about to tell you i'm originally from New York as you could come on the i want to tell you who cares who's better you are how it you guys are both to be enjoyed you both completely different i listen to how it in New York you're the only good thing here in flora don't yeah and thanks to you guys it makes work a lot easier there they eight hours of your day are covered on it yeah as far as i'm concerned if it pull a clock the day is over okay all i got the shady these invocials is squirt squirt and i'm out of it carry okay thanks for coming out the Britney Spears alright okay bye that's where the squirt squirt alright again don't be saying that all right for much manager get upset well again that big piece and very jackass is calmness morgan's about time that's the first time in years that that uh chubby face puttwackers ever written anything that made any sense of is worth reading nice going very nice comeback yeah what happened there five of the teeth damn it i'd kick my own ass outside god almighty it's like the end of the world and that's like the uh yeah daddy hardness too young We were born to be a family You were the friend of me She was 25 but she just became Her safety, I've been my life free Daddy called a cop Oh my best of perfectity Because I have social bank And I'm not just a man And I'm just a man Oh my gosh All right You should be scared of the Yeah there's no one in those grandmothers And time and time You're the time She's looking like a family I'm not sure She's a woman I'm not sure Okay you're welcome Carson By the way I think I was the one I sent her letter for ten of you Some young girl from California About the girl who's scratching her Crouch in the video You're welcome Carson On TRL By the way we retired The Back Street Boys yesterday at number one We are out of the We are out of the number one Seven thousand days in a row Just mentioned that in passing Here's a mobile and Hollywood Hello And you what's up Yes sir Hey this little Jamaican friend Stroke man You really a call today Yeah I'm a call You know I wouldn't even wear a band You 100% man You got a vote Okay Thanks for keeping those ratings up man I keep sending that good stuff over here pal I will man I'll give you a favor Yes sir Can you play that The lesbian song by share For my friends over here at On Arjetic What is it called? I'm a girl who's been I'm a girl who's been I'm a girl who's been I'm a girl who's been I'm a girl who's been No matter how hard it's right Can't you throw the day together To power it in She won't touch up in there Just to be I'm grieving It's too hard and believing For the thrill that's a stun Today the guy is really hot I can't believe he's a lesbian I'm a lesbian You must be something wrong She's gay I'm really don't know where I went I'm going now I'm keeping this, she's lesbian I'm a lesbian I'm a gay I'm really don't know where I went I'm really don't know where I went I'm really don't know where I went I'm really don't know where I went Maybe she hurts, but you think I'm so good Okay It's a 147 at 5.50 I'm just getting warmed up here a little bit Almost time to leave Dammit Here's Miami Beach Hello Hey, New York's going Great Did you think Robert Denny Jr. is going to be a prison bitch? Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised at all You might get to like it Yeah, I'm free Tony Martin And is it touch it wall or Patrick Roy? Roy Asked on Jerry Hotel 560560 On the AT&T Wireless Line on a great Friday Even the hours you're having a good day today You know what I'm saying? Hello, Mr. from New York Here's Pompano, hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir Mr. Rodney Kay, the president and national association of adult businesses Yes sir You remember we talked before about the Terjitty Warden Right On the swings That's the message by the way, keep it limp and groward baby That's right That's Geltime But the situation is very bad The Broward County Church Department went into trepies too Several months ago Right Rest at 20 somewhat people in there Right They left them there for an hour and a half handcuffed news Nice Cleating with them to find out what was going to happen with them They arrested two black people that were there And they were only the only two arrested plus the owner So the Broward County Church Oh and the black people aren't allowed to have sex and brow, are they? No I don't think so No, but they arrested only the black Right Only the black And gave the white people the notices to appear Right And nevertheless they had these poor people standing there for an hour and a half new They were taking their pictures And when they were asking the deputy church what was going to happen They were just told to shut up and sit there And when they came in there they came in there They were the good Huh? They came in with their commando gear This is to arrest people that are in a private club situation Right So that's basically go hand-in-hand with the Tragedity ordinance Well that's the only place you were allowed to put that hand in somebody else's hand And hopefully somebody related to Exactly Exactly And they closed that other club off One federal highway that did the same thing After a diet So people can't even frequent private clubs And state of affairs with the adult businesses across the nation Or they're being closed up right now That's right That's right Like I said before what they do is they go and they make these bust And they get everybody terrified And the people are just scared to death They even go anywhere near the And so as a result the attrition They may forget about going in there and closing them Ballet of business license Like they sometimes do Like they did with the buttons south and hallendale These people have a license to operate But the rate of attrition is so great Because people are terrified to patronize them But they just automatically go broken to go out of business And that's what they're trying to do It's close them all down Because sex and America is evil Well this is what they say And I think what we have to do And I think many of your listeners are going to really have to scrutinize their city commissioners And they're county commissioners Because the people that are doing this Are doing it on the local level And if you want to patronize a And adult video store and adult book stores Swing your club Or an adult entertainment lounge You're going to have to really scrutinize Who you're putting on the city and the county commission Because these are the folks Don't forget about the sheriff of Brown County That's the most important part right now It's exactly right And he's going to be running for the Merchhip of Brown or Cal Let's say no