Sports Radio 516 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. To talk to Neil, call 567-0560 toll-free, Brutine and Rower. Around 560 on your spell fall. Oh, what? An audience of Neil, his guests call her, is there anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, Beesley-REDAT positions, or the Beesley-Gradcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 516-2AM. This is your home on the points of the throttle maple-y. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. In the moment, Neil Rogers is in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. He's in the moment of the year. Oh, Neil, you're here. Oh, Neil. Neil, no, no, no, no, you tell me to laugh. I'm not that monocous, sick fat, God. The star of Papa Tuesday, can't deny a hate or big in her inbox. You, yeah, who knew? My president of the juice was quarter down on you. Love a monocon, I'm an old bull-tops. I wrote their voice that really is down. Nick and I were monocon, Emily and Liz. I couldn't have fixed a fat of Ben Bolt. Yeah. He's in pitch out of the flat, cold smoke. I'm an old gorge, Neil, you're chill. When you stop talking about fat, we're on the inside of the street, like a old ear, we're on the airfilling. Hillary's man, I'm not about this. It's the worst kid, don't you, please. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. It's the worst. You should be still report. I really can't cope. I'm the president of the friggin' post. No. The time is now. When I'm calling, please, I like my booze with chair. It's going to creep. The ball is on the hill. See the main unit piece. Or we're getting stuck by the two time and leech. Time to hire a guy, quick to these legit. If you didn't spit, they must be quick. When the front is over in time, just blow. I'm jumping Hillary's like, I'll potato. Never stop a Hillary that's all I know. You don't get busy with january. No. It's better if it'll once fall of your bump. I'm not a guy, it's just a shit, not a cop. Scared the death, Monica, take a distance. You'd be general bum, if you can't stand. You'd be my fellow chief, so it'll get me my cello. Very chief, so it'll get me my cello. And he'd be my cello. And he'd be my cello. He'd be my cello. And he'd be my cello. And he'd be my cello. And he'd be my cello. And he'd be my cello. It's just a guy with 10 sticks. You'd be stepping back your segment with whips of the solar Clean it, be honest with your company, friends. I got a little speaker that I'm ready to a dip. Spark in a star who will lend the trick. Checking out the movies I'm ready to pop. Or everybody else, letting my pants. Ehh, cheez. Is that all $2.50 WQM happy Wednesday to a gun? I know what it is, but since before the holidays, I never know what day of the week it is anymore. Is that ever going to change? No. I'm going to be like, get with it. Ah, excuse me. So anyway, I want to write off the bed today. I apologize to my close personal friend, Can from the limo service. You know, we had that very strange call yesterday. And the boy could choose a couple of those cough drops by the way, because I need to cough a lot today. Ehh, ehh, ehh. Yeah, so I've made it as something in here. You know what? Because I felt pretty damn good at home this morning. If you're a lot better than I did yesterday, even though my skin is still like I'm fire. And at one side of my neck. And of course, my doctors are busy down there. And I thought, I'm not going to be here from home today. Plus we took the phone off the thing. But at any rate, um, what is that? What's that? Oh, there you go. So yesterday we had a call at about 20 till 2, some asshole and I do mean asshole. I know what's one of it is to it's one of the economics. Who ought to go back to New York? Doing a voice. This is the ultimate. We've reached finally the ultimate moment in the history of this show. We now have people calling impersonating other callers. How do you like that? Oh, and this guy heard Ken the limo driver who took a rumor and his wife and yours truly do a dinner. A couple weeks ago to Ruth Chris. He heard that call and right away being very creative and inventive and having no other life whatsoever, he decided he would call and pretend to be him. And I thought it didn't sound like him. I thought either that or he was on acid or something like that. So Ken, we apologize to refuse profusely and you're a good guy. And I don't have your cards anymore. Sorry about that. God, I think there's something in the air in here. Was I gagging or choking or coughing before? No, I left the house this morning. If you want pretty good, didn't have this heat in my neck. And flush feeling. Although I do feel a little bit better today. We're going to talk about doctors in about veterinarians. And by the way, I want to stay to the veterinary nobody. I'm university and I want to mention their name on the air. And thank God, Scott Schwartz, Scott Laura, turn me out to a great vet over there in the show that I say where it is. Oh, seriously, my little dog is evidently because they did blood tests and they did the x-rays. And I mean, this other place, they don't do anything. Of course, they don't have their own lab there. So even if they did it would take you forever to find out. He's got, he's had practically a tightest. And I have a feeling he's had it for a long time. I don't want to say who's been feeding him table scraps in the people food. Ma, I don't want to say that. Because every time we come back from vacation, the dog would look like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his back bones who will muff you know. And I think boy, he's your game a lot of waitins at the few days. But he looks so hungry. Yeah, right. Oh, I'm telling you. Oh, brother. Oh, yeah, that's right. We're going to be having here. You go hurt on, uh, thanks. You'll be having Michael. Michael Jordan, retirement press conference. It starts now and goes till 2 o'clock. Oh, my God. How are we going to, how are we going to function today? No more Michael. Michael, I'm going to take us something. It's a pretty sorry ass comment. I'm the state of the NBA, by the way. Now that they just finally got to embarrass themselves with a strike and a missing most of their season or a good part of it. I mean, it was already a full-gun conclusion. He was going to return. You've been here people talk about it for weeks and months. But now, I mean, the idea that all of the league is in big trouble. Well, yes, what? If one guy can you name me any other sport where fun guy retired the sport is in trouble? Uh, huh? No, it's supposed to be. No, not, yeah. Like, no. Yeah, like that. Not any others. There are hockey player, Murray. All the new retired was a hockey in trouble because Murray, are retired? No. No. Anybody in football, Danny Boy or L.A. We, Terris football, going to be in trouble? No. But one player, because it's a bogus sport and by the way, 70% of the American public, this is the latest pull I read just a couple days ago in Newsweek, 70% of the American public doesn't give a flying crap about the NBA. One by the way, the guy that made the crank call yesterday. He's an old-zone provocateur. Almost forgot about it. Well, I had the thing shoot up there. I was won't play it, you know? So anyway, if you want a great vet, it's the central park animal hospital over there and not being heard clearly by the Beverly Hills Cafe. They are great. Thank you, Dr. West. They're great people over there. They do the blood work right there. They got their own land. They do X-rays. They know what they're talking about. They take the time to sit down and tell you this and that and about to beat by the book. And the other place, which I don't want to mention on the ear. But I mean, you know, here's a couple of pills. Here's some wrong dog food that's got a lot of fat in it by the way that will really, you know, make his pack your tides get worse. When you go into a place, they don't do anything. That should be the first indication that there's something wrong, you know? Because anybody can just make a lot of guesses and give you a bunch of pills and say, here you go. Good luck. And that's it. And here's the bill. Anybody can do that. So thanks a lot for finding it. Of course, now if I could find a doctor or just kidding, Dr. Mark, just kidding. That's okay. Don't bother returning that car. I know you're busy saving people's lives over there on the beach. See, I have a great doctor. But his approach is always the same. Just relax. Everything will be fine. And that's $400. Thank you and everything will be fine. You know, it's all the blood work everything is fine. And you feel like crap. So anybody see Larry King last night? No. That's the thing that they baby. Larry King and Larry Flatter, you know, something as much as I hate to say it, but I do always tell it like it is. Larry King last night did a hell of a job. I've been doing this a long time. I'm serious. He really, it was a damn good show. I know how to do a talk show. A whole show last night was entertaining. I was outstanding. And especially the part of the beginning part where Bob Barma, they're total jackass out of himself. But it'd be better. But about yeah, right. And his mustache can get in darker and darker. And his hair started drooping down over one side of his forehead. And that little swastagher hit pop it up. And by the way, Barney Fag was on MSNBC, which I find channel surfing last night after watching the Maple Leafs come back and be Tampa Bay. Oh, the three. There was Barney Fag on MSNBC. And he was as usual great. He was lisping a lot, but he was great. And he pointed out was that him at point in out, or was it one of the other guests on Larry King about the, oh no, it was Alan Douchiewicz. Alan Douchiewicz was also great, by the way, as long as he's not doing that OJ stuff. Alan Douchiewicz is great. We lost a lot of respect for him with that OJ, but he's a horror. He's a lawyer like all the other. So why not? You know, don't take the money. Thank you. But he was talking about Bob Bar's background and about, you know, speaking from the white separatist group, etc. And so on and then lying about that and denying that he knew anything about them. And he lied that he was there at all, then they had the pictures of him speaking there. And then, oh yeah, well, I was there, but I didn't know about that. You know, those hoods did me anything to me. I thought they were just kind of a little slow and all were in Duns caps, is what it was, you know, that kind of stuff. So anyway, but the best part of that show last night was when Larry Flint said at the end of the, his comments, he said, I have, and it's such a shame, you know, he's drooling because they were all, you know, when you get the spotlight that you have a habit and you're sitting in the wheelchair, and I'll be able to speak to well sometime. But when he talked about the fact that he's got eight more right wing conservative Republicans in there, ready? They're all being investigated right now. It's like, you know, like we're doing with the rack. Drop it. So it's a bomb over here. Here's another one for you. There you go. Now we're going to drop the other two, very beautiful. Payback is a bitch, isn't it? Isn't this sweet? This is just, uh, so beautiful, man. It's just enough to make you a quail. It's enough to just bring great pleasure. Maybe that's why my skin is all flush because I'm getting such pleasure from watching all these right wing hypocrites go down one at a time. Oh, but that's not purged me. That's right. That's not purged me. Okay. And of course, the fact that he refused to answer the question, meant number one that he was having an affair with some of the U.S. Mildo's married. And number two, of course, we all know that he, he not only paid for the abortion, he drove her to the place that said I went so on, just great right to life by Ande abortion guy who's a liar and a phony and a piece of crap and a bigot of the worst kind. But he hasn't got a resign because he's too busy, you know, trying to nail a puppet of the cross, which he was doing long before the monocobus in this by the way, him and Tom Delay, long before there was any monica. They were like screaming impeachment. So they got a lot of credibility of those guys. And can you imagine the, can you imagine the toilet bulls in the nation's capital this morning? Wow, talk about the green apple quick step. People getting just a little nervous up there after Larry Flint dropped that bomb life. Eight more on the list, baby. Always like that trend a lot. It's a 10 minutes after 10 at five 60 WC women. And I just wanted to know what advice do you have for young people coming up into the field? Like a lot of for professors are telling us how hard is to get into the field. I prefer to just like know, sit here in the field. If you have any advice on that. President experiences that important. Sure. That is probably the most important. I was way up there. He's way up there. Anything else? Anything you do? Pressure on the fire. Doesn't this before? I don't want it to be as first surgery. Okay. Why themselves well? Here. Here's the things I have confidence in the young MD. Okay. I'm talking about journalism field. I'm the one. What do you mean? The journalism. I like on the student journalism at a college. And I'm just wondering, the most important aspect of getting into journalism. Not the medical field. I think you're exhausted. Children's 39. I am exhausted from 39. No, no person. Even those of us who were superhuman. Those of us with her Q&A and applications for the diversity of the law. Even those of us who are so shown and aptitude to fight the good fighters. Stay the good long battle. Even those of us can get tired. And your voice side after 30 seconds of night. I have to go and I'm going to do that. I have to. Because I'm a pro. That's what pros do. I'm a pro-fession. Look at that in the book. Can't what we do with pros. I never really really cannot. You know what I did over here. I know that we're looking for the farmhouse. The main thing doesn't. But we're practicing. We don't tell you that maybe the checks in the country of this month are where the fellows are going. If you're a guy who's 1640, you're welcome. So what do you do? What is the answer? Yeah, you're a little preserved now. Kind of worried about the club. I don't know where the club worry about maybe. The check you might want. Now. Okay. Just. Cool. Life is a breeze. For some reasons, you know. Or 110 miles an hour and get. We're going to the American. That's that. We've got to speak in the past a long. We're going to pass on after the newsroom. The meeting in the newsroom. I had top the overlooking downtown. The downtown. The newsroom. The newsroom. The newsroom. The newsroom. The guy said to be gone. Well, the newsroom. The newsroom. You know. The newsroom. You know. The newsroom. They're going to have a few more. They're going to have a few more. I'm going to have a few more. Now. Let's go. Now. The. And. Yeah. Well, we're. Okay. 10. 17. The. The. The. about 4,500 points a day, but don't worry about that. They have a little nervous breakdown of a Brazil. There's too many drag queens down there. Here's a fact, by the way, that must not a watch the beginning of the show. Very bad facts. You're missing it. Says Larry King was a big last night. No Larry Flint just a bunch of talking boneheads. PS Larry looks as dead as Don I'm a stat part is true. But the other part is wrong. They had the Bob Bar in the beginning. And then they had Larry Flint on it. They can only keep him propped up for a few minutes at a time for Christ's eggs. So you obviously missed the first 20 minutes of the show. And then you saw the talking boneheads, the last 40 minutes, which we see those same talking boneheads all the time. But I do like Alan Boucherwoods. So evidently, you know, and again, we talked about it a great light yesterday. There he's going to be there. Go to be there, not a clock tonight. Larry Flint. And I didn't even know at that point. Bob Bar was also going to be making a jackass out of himself. Lyrilire pants on fire. See, when they do it, when the right wingers do it, when they get caught with their paddle loonies down and screw it around. Wow, but we did so as in purgery. It wasn't under oath. Yeah, okay, that makes it kosher. And of course, when you took those marriage vows, that also wasn't under oath. And when you also swore that the horse proceedings in court that, you know, you didn't do this and didn't do that. That also wasn't a lie. Here's an interesting advice. But I know a lot of people get very sorely when we talk religion on a show, which is why some people out there hate George like Poisonley does the show. Like it would be doing Monday, Martin Luther King's birthday. You're not going to be talking about religion on the day, are you? No, we'll be talking about black people. Oh, black people. All right. Well, thank God. I never talk about that. George is going to be talking about as far as you're as our money. Oh, because it's Martin Luther King's birthday. Well, that's for your appropole. Excellent. Good choice. Then maybe we can do that. What's the Chinese thing? The year of the eating the cat, something like that? We can talk about Goeks on that day. Anyway, here's a, I don't see, I don't really care whether they get better shape because I over the year, they stop calling and telling me that. So I'm assuming that A either they're growing up and they're stopping it. So a sensitive about religion or B, they just turn it off and turn back, hoping I'm talking about something else. Or C, they all killed themselves. All the religious nuts. One of the above, they joined one of those crazy calls and they blew themselves away before the year 2000. They created their own Y2K problem. I just, because I really don't care. Because thank God for me coming on here and talking about this crap. Just like that right at the end of the show yesterday that asshole, why you're always picking on God and you're going to be on that lake of fire and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. So I did like a milk. He said he was Catholic. He sounded more like one of the other. One of those milk content we or Jews that came down here is bitter because the early bird keeps going up. But here's a fact that I thought was kind of interesting this morning, knowing that you're a tremendous intellect. Or by the way, we have a pair of tickets right by the glass for tonight's least impantaged game with a preferred parking pass. Thanks to Greg Reed who brought him down. I could sit right there in a front row by the glass, but I prefer to sit in my own seat so I can see the game. Although at least, even though you can't see the game when you're by the glass, nobody stands in front of you. Except the people out there on the ice. That's true, but I will give these away to somebody. Anyway, the fact is knowing that you're a tremendous intellect. I want to recommend the book. You might have already read it as it's been out for many years. I wouldn't recommend discussing on your show as I can tell by the majority of your colors. You're audiences and very swift. How could you tell that, Greg? The book is called the Passover Plot. We all heard of that book, right? Have you read it? No, I haven't either. And the author is Hugh J. Schonefeld. And I thought he was the echo to the Phoenix coyotes. Basically, the book looks like at the life and times of Jesus in a very historical manner. Schonefeld describes the Messianic friver. That's what the Jewish nation started some time around 100 BC. Oh, how it would have affected Jesus upbringing. The book postulates that Jesus planned his whole ministry. With this extensive knowledge of Old Testament prophecy, he was able to mimic events that a highly devoted people who were already swept in Messianic zeal interpreted as the coming of the Messiah. The Passover Plot even theorizes that Jesus planned to fake his death on the cross by having a drug that would stimulate death symptoms at Minister Duamana Sponsh. Remember the vinegar sponge that was given to him when he said he thirsted? I guess it went all wrong when the soldier put his sword in his side. Oops didn't plan that. It says, best of all the Passover Plot certifies what you've been yelling about forever. The Bible is a bunch of fables. The books of the New Testament were written approximately 90 years after Jesus's death. Written record that Jesus tons for destroyed when Rome's seeds and burnt Jerusalem to the ground around 50 AD. I witness his reports were virtually non-existent. Since most people alive during Jesus tons were dead by 90 AD. Also keep in mind that older folks, versions of Jesus' life were very unreliable because the aging process was very much harder on people in those days. What we call Alzheimer's today was very rampant in those ages. So if you haven't devoured this great book, I hope you can find it read it. Time crazy. Okay, the Passover Plot, somebody will give me a copy of that. Or maybe I'll even go out and buy it. Maybe I'll really, you know, four cover couple of bucks and buy it. By the way, Jim managed it to the day till 430 and then both camp were 430 or 6. Where Hank did we have any idea where Hank is today? No, whatever. By the way, and I'm sorry that Hank's not going to be on while I'm sure he's probably in town maybe listening. I wanted to thank him and the other people and not just on this station, but all the stations in this market for turning me back to my music. Oh God, that's seriously, I'm a happy camper. I don't want to hear no press conferences. I don't want to hear hours on it about Michael Jordan and the world is coming to end. Michael Michael Motorcycle, I don't want to hear that. And like I said, it's for everybody else. That's great. More power to all these guys. It's just not for me. I mean, is this something written while required that I have to listen to radio because I work in it? No. Of course not. I'm listening to my music and I'm loving it, baby. I am obsessed with it. By the way, I hate to break the news to you all those assholes. And since Marvin G. is dead, don't we have a C.A. would be tough to name it? Do you want to call the game museum? Huh? Well, we've got Grace Land for Elvis. What can we have? I mean, that's our pull question today. Who is the greater singer? Okay, I'm not talking about who is more popular, who is the better entertainer, who had better outfits, who was the greater performer? Elvis Presley or Marvin G. Is there any contest? No. Huh? Not even in the same league. And yet some of you assholes out there men in particular, oh, we're going up to Grace Land. Yeah, my wife and I, my honey and I, my boyfriend and I, we're going up to Grace Land to see the king. I mean, that, that's not even debatable. I mean, I could come up with plenty of other names as far as better musicians and better singers and whatever. But Marvin J, because I'm, you know, just happened to have this CD around in my pile in my stash. And Marvin J and Tammy to run, you put those two of them together, boy, you got two bad people's what you got. I mean, unbelievable. So how come we can't have the goddamn J museum, huh? Anybody going there? No. Any, we're going up to the game museum to see, yeah, whatever's left over. I'm all I guess, probably not too much. Please, Elvis don't have a bullet in the many of us. And one other thing too, at least we know really would be Marvin. Okay, we wouldn't have all these people. You know, as you really did, as you live, I think we're pretty sure Marvin and they're going to be making no comeback. Great editorial in the Harold no less today. Wow. How do you like that? Great editorial, which should show all of you were considering people out there that are just the adamant and don't want to face the truth. Are you Baba Haters out there? Bubble, my CEO, believers? Stars, Chamber of Horr, this could be one of the best that tutorials in the Harold in last 500 years. It says a wrongful indictment, prosecutors relentless pursuit of minor figure cast doubt on judgment. And this editorial gives you a good idea what this asshole is all about, Ken Star. He's an asshole. While the national spotlight illuminates the impeachment drama, another legal skirmish of potentially outrageous import for ordinary citizens unfolds in relative obscurity. Kenneth Star, the independent council, last week brought a four-count indictment against Julie Hyatt's steel, a minor figure in the National Sex Tale sweepstakes and a former close friend of presidential accuser, Kathleen Willey. Mr. Starveley, then this steel, I once he changed her story that initially support him as Willey's account of being grouped by the president. Although Ms. Willey's story appears badly his flaw, which is why it was omitted from the voluminous Star report, Mr. Star has continued his myopic and wrongful pursuit of Ms. Steel. Apparently, Ms. Steel's retraction doesn't fit Mr. Star's view of the president as a hoaring reprobate, so the independent council has gone to a full swaddle after this single working mother. He seems hellbed either to break or destroy Ms. Steel and to intimidate her family and friends. Thus, Mr. Star has taken voluminous grand jury testimony from Ms. Steel's daughter, her brother, Hela Counten, and even her ex lawyer. He has interrogated Ms. Steel's neighbors and friends from afar as former scoreways, Colorado. He's subpoenaed her bank records in credit history. He spruiously has challenged the legitimacy of her adoption of a son eight years ago from Romania. Most frightful about all this is that could happen to anyone, any citizen who happens to incur the wrath of a vengeful independent council who ignores civility, tramples the rules of legal engagement, and is unmindful that government's awesome power must be wielded with judgment and great care. Clearly, Mr. Star runs a muck. He must be called to a Comfort's Actions by the federal judicial panel whence comes his authority. All right, let's hear it for the hero. They must have over the drinks and the good stuff. First, Volca to good stuff that day. Let me wrote that. Just absolutely unbelievable. The brow beating, of course, you know how they glossed over the fact that they kept her kind of like not locked up, but they kept her ammonica and there for hours and hours on end, panicking all the other crap. We'll all kind of thread, subtle and not so subtle. Oh, yeah, you don't need a lawyer. Just just open up, Monica. How are you, did that? And got me in a big mess here. 1027 at 5.50, W2 key. Oh, no. I don't want to emergency five minutes. You did not want over here now to three to five grit and green pieces of ash. What is it? No, no. What if you do any printing here? Hey, there will not. Where's your men, woman? Where's your dress for asking you? You're gonna hear him in a minute. Who's that? Excuse me. So, you just need to handle life so we can know what's going on so the police gets there, okay? Who's your son? Yep, that's a power gun. I'm thinking if you can't bear any figure what's going on around here. You have a seat, you know, right? Yep. Okay. If he has been drinking, it's not whether you win your lures, it's out from chicken. Happy to have 50 W2. Happy Wednesday for all your pies onto a QAM. So anyway, this is a horrendous story. And you have to be, you are a little bit skeptical and so is I. Because you know, we get people like to fake limo driver who call up in personating candle and mo driver who is a great guy and a super-does-a-great job. Yeah, it didn't sound like him but I thought maybe did a little bad answer or something like that. Or maybe rumor giving a bad cup of tea. But anyway, manager killed a neat mixer. This is a grotesque story but you know, the interesting part of this is... One moment please. If you look in the, if you look in the two and the sun sent on the hero, if you want those people as a big spender like me and gets both papers, because you figure if you read both papers that might be something in between the two of them and usually is not. But the stories are like totally different. And the story in the sun sent, if I could find a guy dancing, which I can't even find it now, maybe it's another one. It's in some sections. It like says that the paddle that his sleeve got caught in the machine and the paddle hit him in the back of the head and that's what killed him. But the story in the hero, which is a huge, I mean, gigantic with pictures in the whole deal and a big picture of the penders, which tend us doesn't they could meet by the way, they're good people over there. But at any rate, it's a little more grotesque and it says, it says he caught his sleeve in the large mixer and that, where was the thing where it talks about? I probably shouldn't go into it on the air, because it makes it sound a lot more grotesque. It says he screamed for a coworker next to me for his head and upper torso where dragged into the three-foot wide mouth of the machine. Wow. So on the one hand, the stunt center, I guess, wanting to spoon feed us, would something a little bit more palatable, because people at the breakfast table don't want to get read about some poor guy getting sucked into that meat shopping machine and getting, oh man, so like I said, I'm sorry that I brought it up. Horrible story, go test thing and again, then of course there's going to be an action taken because they didn't have the protective thing on there so that to make sure that didn't happen. So there might be just a little bit of problem over there but nevertheless, horrendous story, grotesque and I'm not, no bad jokes about watcher meats, stuff like that, but that is a good idea. That's what Bubba says, watcher meat. And then the other day when we're talking about the, what do they call it, PRIC, the thing that you do with your eyes? Huh? What do they call it? Something like that. The laser surgery, I think it's called PRIC, whether they just prick little hole in the, well anyway, new implant, no seriously, thank God I didn't jump into that real fast, it's, in spite of Joe Resoli, because I'm watching the news last night and I think it's in the paper again this morning and even on CNN, so it must be true. Oh, it's on there. Oh, and before I go into that last night, first five minutes on the CBS TV news, this should show you people out there. You people, how the news is managed in America? The first five minutes on the CBS TV news would then rather last night. The first five minutes were all about Michael Jordan is retiring and how much money he brings in and he's worth $10 billion. And of course that was before we saw the auction in the market where baseball for over $3 million. $2.7 million plus 300 and some thousand for the auction here people. $3 million and some odd thousand. And was there any discussion of the Larry Flint Bob bar situation on the CBS evening news, which I watched the entire half hour last night was there one word? No. No. One word? No. Isn't that interesting? And I love the way a lot of these shows that when they are bringing it up, they have to make sure that they point out Larry Flint the pornography. As if there's something evil, as if we're living in a stone age again. I mean, how about my good friend, Al Gullstein, the pornography? Okay, not a good guy, not a big fat old Jew, but the pornography. You know, that bad. You're looking for the glory hole. That guy. Which of course, immediately discredits him because he publishes his Hustler magazine, which I'm sure most of them probably are reading every day anyway. Larry Flint the pornography. But how do you like that? This story, we've talked about stripping away the hypocrisy of these these rabid, right-wing lunatics, which is exactly what Larry Flint is doing. And because of the fact that, well, it's tabloid journalism. In fact, they were having a big group of group on CNN, one of those shows yesterday, where they're attacking each other basically for, well, this real journalism is its fan journalism is it tabloid, is Larry Flint, or we'll journalism is it is decredible, etc. And so on. And it's got all the documents by the way from the divorce proceedings from the courts in Georgia. They got all the stuff right there, and it's not like he's just making his stuff up. They got barbed by the bear ones. Is what they got. But not one word of that on CBS Evening News last night because Michael Michael motorcycle, but got, you know, here's some big bald-headed guy who's, you know, greatest basketball player who ever lived, I'll go along with that. Do I care? No. No. Like this is a major story. And you wonder why they murdered the priorities in the American public, our so-called up-ended, and you turn on half-hour later, a 20-minute slater, and CNN cut the way to the auction of Mark McGuire's 70th home on the baseball at almost over $3 million somebody's planned for it. Thank God, we got our ducks in a row in this kind of way. Oh, yeah. So anyway, speaking of the eyes thing, new implants, your jury can correct near-started this for many, and it's reversible, and I think that's something even newer and better than that prick thing, or whatever that thing is. Tiny, transparent rings, he plated onto the cornea, might help correct mild to moderate near-side in this, that plays 20 million Americans offering an alternative to popular, but irreversible laser surgery and costing about the same, about 2200 bucks an eye. 2200 bucks a- The key to care of vision's intact implants, if the patient doesn't like to result, or suffer the side effect such as glare, doctors can remove the ring with a good chance of returning the patient's eye to what's conditioned before the surgery. People who know about the ring can't be talked into having laser surgery, so Dr. David Chancel and the University of California. Oh, by the way, speaking of Chancel, I hate to break the news about good friend Jeff Rimmer. There's no such player as Jeff Chancel in the NHL Chancel. So, okay, remember Bobby Chancel? It wasn't Bobby Chancel. It was Bobby Chancel. There's no Jeff Chancel, okay? Jeff Chancel. I just mentioned that, Rimmer. Anyway, it said it's the idea that if it doesn't work, you can take it out. So in other words, what's there to lose? Except maybe you're vision, you know? Oops, I still, I don't know. And the idea that there's actually sticking something in there. But you get a little bit queasy and there's stickin' these things. They're pricking and sticking is what they're doing. Not for me. No, I'll be, you know, what difference is it going to make for me at this stage of my life? You know, I can go see my buddy Charles Alphiari, get a nice big full head of hair. I can get these things, you know, stuck in my eye and have perfect vision. And I still be in old amidlates, fat, I'll read you. Yeah. So what difference does it make? I'm perfectly satisfied with that. I'm doing okay. If I were to get this damn heat out of my neck and my skin. But of course, my doctor, he says, yeah, but I beat, but I'm a bit, but I don't worry about it. He's a great guy. Don't get any wrong. I love my doctor. But, you know, every time it's the same thing, here's the bill and there's nothing wrong with you. Go have a good time. And George of course is sitting in their smoking because he thinks I ought to go find another doctor. I'm here closest to my house by the way. And just get a second opinion, a third opinion, a fourth, like with my dog. You know, it's, you know, it's how we take better care of our animals than we do with ourselves. Didn't like what was happening with my dog. So I went and found a new vet. But with myself, I'm sitting here with hot skin on my animal with a red neck. If you pardon that expression. I'll always knew that rodgers with a red neck. I mean, even George can test if I'm sitting here with like a purple neck just in one of this black up thing here. Hot skin, no fever, no temper. George and his goes on day after day. Although each day I do feel a little bit better. Maybe in about six years in my co-way. Do you think so? Huh? And then the portable state of my eye told you, what are you worried about? Yeah, that's right. That's how I told you it was going to go away. Thanks, Dr. Mark. Oh, he's a comedian. 24, 11 and 5.50 QA. You're going to hell, you dad. He'll be soon from one star picture. Combined the high roofing so ever, Titanic. And one of America's greatest stories, movie dick. Tommy Lee, stars in, Titanic dick. Have I ever viewed a white whale? No, but I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend. You should have seen that size on his wall. Text me to him. As the boat thinks, Captain may have tried desperately to videotape Titanic dick in action. Moving closer, by zoom lens only goes for five. Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat? You're peg legs, saster. Titanic dick. Undo the protection of the first amendment. I feel you're taking the thing. You sure this is real? Playing now, and VCR is across America. That 45 and 5.50 WDK. I'm proud of that for about two seconds. Blew it. So obviously, okay, that's enough. Bob was talking about the world economy and about business. It's not a press conference, but he's got a whole bunch of these, including that Helen Thomas, that old, or fossil sitting around it is very informal. Not the, don't get panicky, okay. Nothing too exciting happening except the market is going in the grapple today. Hey, listen, what goes up must come down. What goes down must go up. And Yari got it. It's all a bunch of bull crap. So anyway, the Michael Jordan press conference to it. I wonder what he's going to be announcing to you. Did anybody got any idea? Noon today, will we be carrying the Michael Jordan press conference on this show? And I hope very jackass is listening right now. Will we be carrying? Will we be interrupting the important Neo Rodgers show? Do your Michael Jordan's press conference at noon? No. Are you sure? No. Are we going to carry it? No. Of course not. All these very, very important. I mean, when Kathy Lee and Frank Yeverdhang enough, then we'll carry that. It's already know that they're very important people. And Michael Jordan, I don't care if he generates 50 trillion dollars to the award economy. He's a basketball player. There is absolutely nothing that he's going to say that there's many interest to me and hopefully to most of you. I'm sure there are some of you out there like very jackass. Oh no, what do we got at the turn on somewhere else? Great. Have a good time. Turn on the TV. They'll be covering it with a blanket. They've been all over this Michael Jackson thing like on the crap, okay? Or did I do that by Lexington? I did a backward. By the way, speaking of crap, let me tell you a little bit about our good night. Imagine this yesterday we were right on top of this story. About Peter Warrell. And of course, Ty Domey's injured anyways. Very unlikely he's got a bum knee. I don't think he's going to be playing for least tonight. And a lot of people were waiting to come to the game tonight to watch Peter Warrell get into it with Ty Domey. So, Chris King, maybe you're both probably. Chris King would be better because the least he comes up to Peter Warrell's armpits. But Peter Warrell will not be playing for the Panthers tonight. Oh, because as I told yesterday, the coach will not tolerate showing up late for practice. Now wait to near here there's the practice yesterday was 11 o'clock. He showed up at 5 to 11. Are you following that? Five minutes to 11. Five minutes early, right? Wrong. Wrong. Gotta be there 45 minutes before practice. That's Terry Murray's rule. That's right. He's taking a supposed to be your 45 minutes before practice starts. That's the policy. Player comes in five minutes before practice is impossible. You're ready to get on the ice. First of all, physically. It's absolutely impossible to get ready mentally for the practice. Well, do you think Peter Warrell's ever going to get ready mentally? No. For the practice of anything else? No. That has to do with really playing hockey. No. So what do we talk about here? But again, Terry Murray being a real puss and operating the hockey team like a kindergarten school teacher. Well, I'm going to show you. He's alienated just about everybody on the team at the miracle. They've got this many points. I have no idea how they've done it. You can thank a lot of the guys out there that work hard to be like a melon being some of those guys, Lindsey and Whitney. Because this guy is a big brother. Although, of course, his brother is playing games with us now and Thomas. Oh, we're not going to get Pavel Brewer even though Neil Smith and New York is saying, yeah, it looks like the Brewery thing. By the way, I hear that's going to be announced today. By the way, wherever Pavel Brewer is going to be traded to. And Neil Smith says, oh, yeah, it's going to be. The path is going to get him as well. I hear him. Brian Murray says, well, he's just playing games. Keep Brian Murray doesn't want to stay it because he's gotten burned so many times already in the last few months with Felix Potpan and whoever else we were trying to get. Every one of these other deals that the bottom line is he's just keeping his mantra. Maybe it will be Pavel Brewer coming to Florida. Oh, God. Wouldn't that be great? I'm not holding my breath, but if it happens, we will tell you that. That's important stuff. Unlike Michael Jordan retiring from the guy named NDA. Well, how are we going to get away these damn tickets? These are leaf tickets. They're right in the front row. They're section 133 row 1, see 9 and 10 right up against the glass and the preferred yellow parking pass. So you can actually get in now. They're in no time at all. How are we going to give those away unless I take any calls? Well, I don't know. I got a lot of stuff to do here today. What are you smoking about? It's great. You don't know if I didn't have the flush. I feel great. I'm feeling a lot better than I did. But I'm hot. You know what I'm saying? I hid my neck. They're hot. And how come nobody calls me about this? Every other ailment I've ever had. Everybody in their brothers, always calling and chicken soup and do this and do that. And by the way, I want to take back even though I got some literature this morning. There's always an again Steve. Whatever your name is, you're a good guy. I'm sure. Sounds like a Jewish guy to me. He obviously is at the this pharmacy and medical supply. I won't see which one. But he sends me all this literature. I'm great seed extract and the coach you 10 and which I told you I've been taking for a couple of weeks. And could it be a coincidence? Because I didn't take it yesterday. And so my doctor told me, don't take it and see what happens. And I still got this flush and redness, but feel a lot better under the yesterday. So is it possible I couldn't have had a adverse reaction to that? Oh, that possibly be it. I don't know. So that book I told you by Dr. Ball to recommend, taking all of it. See, that's become very affectionable. You do understand that. These people taking all these horrible things right now. And some of that stuff is pretty damn potent. Got only those what that it does. It's not like taking like a vitamin cap. So I mean, that stuff. You're looking at capsule. And you can see there's some real heavy, do these stuff in there. So Dr. Balls is book if you already bought it just to toss a Neal Craper. Okay. Sorry, I apologize. And if you haven't bought it, forget it. No, seriously. I mean, you just started to indiscriminately take it a lot of this stuff. And all these companies now make an all these herbal renovated remedies, St. John's Ward. I mean, first of all, who would take something called Ward to begin with? Are you taking St. John's Ward? Oh, yeah. They're popping up all over my body, man. I got worse that I don't even know who they belong to. Maybe one along the same John, but I don't know about these other ones. And all the end. And what's the other one? Something saw. What is it? Hacksaw. Not Hacks. You know what I'm talking about? You haven't seen that, but you're not in the stuff. That's why you look so pasty. Chick saw, Hacksaw, something saw. I saw some interesting things. But at any rate, that's a very flint. So stop taking all this herbal crap. Okay, because maybe it'll kill us. Maybe it's killing me. Well, find somebody that will give me some answers. And if my doctor won't respond to my call this morning, which I'm really ticked off about, does he believe that? No. If he won't respond, he's busy. He's busy saving lives down there and making money. And being an important guy. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, when are you at your pole question? We're talking with that. I have so many. Oh, Marvin Gaye and Overse? Yeah. Overse? Yeah, okay. Thank you. Look at that. Look at all the time he waited on there. Another one of our chronic assholes. See, that's not a question. That's just a comment. That was a rhetorical question. It's not even a contest. Elf is personally a better singer than Marvin Gaye. Is this man crazy? Is he taking leave of his sentence from? Oh, man. He's a little powerful world about him. Got a higher answer. First, that. And don't give me wrong. I love Elvis. I have all his music. I had a lesson. I like that a lot. I have all his songs when I was a kid. But I mean, okay, let's get serious. Peter is singer than Marvin Gaye. Oh, man. You are dreaming. He just don't like the guy because his last name is Gaye. If his name was Marvin straight, he would all, that Marvin straight. He would be the best. Yeah, that's why he's all uptight because he's in the closet. Can you hear the skeletons rattling in the back? All those people up there in Palm Beach, County. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know if I can help you, but with your pet, if you're ever... I don't have a problem with my pet. My pet is great now. Thanks to Dr. West over there. Nice going, Dr. West. You're the best. Well, it's with West. If you ever have problems with that animal hospital, that best one up there will probably be Hollywood animal hospital. Okay, thank you. Okay, we have an open line. I'm not worried about my pet. I'm worried about me and my goddamn thing here. My heat. Feel the heat. I'm feeling it. Not in the right place, either. 560560 and Palm 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, Neil. First time on time. All right. Marvin Gaye forever. He has smoother voice. Oh. You know, why are we...? I mean, he really had soul man. I mean, he just unbelievable. He... He... He... He was just so cool. Yeah. Uh... Anteye Jordan. Yeah. If he had not been allowed to travel, south, and everything else, the rest. Yeah. Let him get away with it. And doesn't it make you that they're adults. They're actually on this radio station. We have adults who really believe that he played Binaly baseball for you and a half because he just felt like it. That there was nothing really there behind those gambling stories and all that other shady business with that. He didn't kill that. He just decided to play minor league baseball in Sarasota. He played minor league baseball because he NBA forced him out. Right. Because he's a little bit less of I keep hearing from very responsible sources and the people on this radio station tonight. That because he's in icon, don't you understand? And there are too many billions of dollars of business at stake. So, naturally, you're not supposed to say that. Just like the pros and cons book, that's all made up because we have to worship these people because of the sports station. He will never be as good a basketball player's laborer. Oh, okay. Have a great day, Kyle. No, no. You're really good and curiously. Too much bad jungles used for this guy. Too many more than gay records. We have an open line in date, 560560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What have we been doing with the pet travels? No. Why did I be doing that? I said, Gerald. I've been sticking him in your record. You're enjoying it, sir. You like it? Good. Have a good time. And notice that this guy had an R-Giles sock over the phone, which is pretty interesting. Pretty unique. R-Giles socks went out with knickers, okay? With Pat Boone and his blue-sway shoes. Just as Carl Perkins. They went out the 40 years ago, pal. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Good morning. Yes, ma'am. Good, you know. I do know that, yes. It's a reasonably died. And so he's always always personally. Yeah. And Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terrell. How did Tammy Terrell die? I don't know. Oh, okay. That was not what you did. Isn't Murray Wells dead, too? Yes. Now, one of them died a cancer or maybe both. I don't know. But somebody yesterday said Kim Lysson is still alive. So thank God for that. Speaking of a gang you've been, I, in homage to you, I sat for two hours and watched the rerun of the A&E special on Tony Perkins. Or did you? You're the one. Yes. Oh, my God. It was like 45 minutes of material rehashed and reformed and cut up and spent a few weeks. Yeah, he's been waiting for me. But the only, they only mentioned three gay people. And one, of course, one of them did not have a name. One of them was just a well-known gay person who they showed and still photographed to the safe blocked out. Are they didn't mention tabhunter? They did mention tabhunter, but only at the end of the program in the context that he was one of the first movies that Perkins was in. But they did not mention him as a contact. I guess because he still alive and he's suited. Right. And it didn't very much in the closet and in deep denial. Yeah, it's kind of bad that Perkins had to go to that therapist who considered homosexuality a disease you could be heard from. I guess things are, hopefully things have changed. I don't know. Not for Tony, I guess. Not Tony. You were talking about the tampers going on the ice and hoping the Peter Warrell would get into a fire. The fan hoping he would get into a fight. You could feed better fights in the ECHL and you do in the NHL. Oh, especially with Peter Warrell. I've never seen him in a good fight. No, did he fight? He does his grab guy. He grabs guys to come up to his waist and they dance around like a couple of pandabers, and that's basically it. Was he in the minor? Peter Warrell? Sure. Why have no idea how to work him from? Well, I know they see we see better fights in the junior matter doors and in person, anybody else. We just got two. We got two dislocated shoulders and a bruised face this Saturday. Uh-huh. No, it's pretty good. And they're playing in the arena this Sunday. So that's going to be cool for me. I just see my kids play on former NHL. Excellent. Yeah, I asked you to visit that. Sure, hold on. Thank you. OK, Lady, I'm not five gets the ticket to end the parking pass. That'll clear all these other lines. Well, she was very nice and she knew something about the game. 1057 and 560 QM of each other. This is the Neal Roger cell. Just as you'd like. Any question? No, it's a safe story, is it? No, it's a sister, is it? The gang resistors doesn't kiss too many guys. It's a concern of his a like or kind of love. Kind of the gang resistors proud she's a game with me. Every time he sees his sister, well, his nerves give no clue. Well, rugby was her hobby, but now she likes the hobby and he's done much like her views. No, it's a sister, is it? No, it's a sister, is it? The gang resistors doesn't kiss her legs or fights. We'll make up with her eyes or get your soul. The gang resistors just use files, she's a game with me. Well, she ain't gonna make her big brother. Let's be girl, but I'll... The gang resistors has never had a misarranging, never met a child or mouse. Looks like a sister, is it? No, it's a sister, is it? The gang resistors doesn't kiss too many guys. It's a concern of her to have the left or the both. I'd like to see the legs, then. Oh, right. The gang resistors just use files, she's a deal, it's for you. Oh, let's go! But it's time for a daughter of a dated one. Oh, it's not a singer, that's not a text, fella. And actually, what I'm like about it might be, yeah. It will let's be, and we'll be so bad. Can I smell the mushroom? Elvis, or Marvin Gaye, that's her poor person today. Nice facts from Anita and Miami by the way, who loves the show and loves me. And thank you Anita. God, they're actually our some nice people out there, how do you like that? She says you'd be amazed at how many perversions I've heard people out there and all kinds of walks of life, listen to your show every day. That wouldn't be amazed, then either it's just that most of them have a life, even though they may be listening, they don't have time to pick up the phone and call, like my doctor Dr. Mark. Well, I was out of the office for a couple of minutes wandering around in my community. My sister moved to town from Italy last night at the 20 years, something to do to her to people. She moved here from Italy? Yes. Why did she, why would anybody do that? And has a PhD in languages and was teaching English at a state supported school. She was teaching the teachers, but the economy in that part of the country has shifted somewhat, and she found herself in, and so what was on the company? She was a graduate at a coach. Yeah, not the Naples and the Selerino and all of us play everybody else knows about where on the other side, the Pujes they saw. There are very few Italians here from that part of the country. Well, that's great. We could use a few more attendants here. Yeah, she's big French there because she's got to kick out of every, she's reading the Wanda incident and says bilingual. She goes, I speak three languages, but none of them are smart. Not the right one here. Anyway, I call you this morning, because you know that you know what's how he calls me back on the year, not off the year, because quite frankly, Dr. Mark is a first reading performer who had a radio show for about five minutes on F.D.L. Back in the old days, and really would like to have a radio show. Not anymore. Yes, you would. I don't mind concaging and report key on the air. Oh, boy, what a hand bone, baby. Mr. Handbone. Yeah. I'm going to write a book. My doctor, the hand bone. I stopped taking the grapes or a seed. Let's do a little medical thing right here. Okay, they're taking notes. The grapes seed extract and the coaxute 10 years today. And much to my amazement this morning, I got up and thought a lot better. Although my neck is still red and it come to work. You want to go to work. Now, my face is flushed again. This morning, it wasn't, but now when I started through a little bit of activity and started talking to my face and splashes other than that, I feel like hell of a lot better today. And I still got that hot skin. Well, along place. When you called yesterday morning, I was I was in with a patient in the girls. We're too, so I picked up the phone myself and had the pleasure of your acquaintance. Right. Anyway, you know, the problem with the herbs, what I call herbs and spices is that they may work for given individuals, but they're very, very difficult to prove. You know, at the level of proof that's really required, you know, shall we say medical legally? We're not going to know if it makes any difference till we all meet in heaven and we decided you would have lived a little longer. Or a little less. That's how it works. I mean, the only, the only herbal supplement that's ever been actually proven. And there's a committee in Germany, part of their sort of food and drug administration in Germany, called committee E. Yeah. And committee E takes extracts of Valery and Echinacea and Ginko and especially St. John's. And they really, they got to work. Yeah. And they do real live clinical studies on those drugs, which the FDA here has no intention of doing, because the money is so spread across the, the, pharmacological objects and the, and they, and they over the counter stuff. Anyway, St. John has been proven to work if you use enough, but it's the only one of all these herbs. That's for like mental acuity, right? It's for the same time. It actually, a mild antidepressant. It works very similar. It's, it's in the category that's actually very similar to pros act. But I think by the time you're done finding the right brand that actually gives you enough of the drug, it probably costs just as much as pros act. Yeah. And has the same side effects as pros act. But the bottom line is we have no proof that whatever this thing is with this flush in my face and my neck is got anything to do with the, those two things. Well, I'm going to give you, as I started to tell yesterday, the way to do it is by a process of elimination. Yeah, now let me ask you a question. Yeah, because we did the line, the tick, the line, the disease test. That was negative, right? Yes. Now, if, if you had, let's say you've got bitten by an exotic insect, like I suspect, I really don't think I did, but just in case because I have a little ward on the back of, not the same John's when he's doing the back of my neck. It looks like a little ward, nothing else. But at any rate, suppose you've got bitten by an, and then there were like foreign bodies that invaded your system and re-solving. Yeah. Wouldn't that you upward like a highly, it would have elevated white, not so count? Not necessarily. Oh. And in fact, that's, that's a real important point that I wish more people realize. There's a philosophical statement that says that absence of evidence is not the same as evidence of absence. You know, just because you don't find something, doesn't mean it's not there. Like if you go looking for your keys and they're not where you think you left them. If you go back and look again, you might find them in the same place later on. Yeah. But as far as bug bites, what usually happens is there's really very little foreign substance to get stuck in your skin. And your skin gets rid of it real fast anyway, just like it usually moves splinters and other foreign spots out of itself, especially superficially. That little thing on the back of your neck could possibly be a bug bite, but I happen to think it was a coincidence that that was that's an ordinary skin attack that we mature adult mammals get on. Yeah. No, no, no, not a word, just a skin attack. In fact, skin attack, KJ, which is what? You meet people around, I even have one. Why have a single of those, yeah? Yeah. Any, any, any fold on your body after years and years and decades and decades of moving, it develops a little irregularities on it. I think that's all that was purely cosmetic. Right. And I think that that that you found that there after the bug bite may well have been a coincidence. I'm not, I can't, I'm not telling you that. Well, first of all, I didn't even know that I had a bug bite. All I know is that I saw a bug in somebody who looked at me and I thought, well, after the long after the fact that you start thinking, what could this possibly be from? Yeah. Well, yeah, that's one of those things again. We'll never really have a solid answer for you. If I were to found line, I couldn't even have told you they just literally had line. But you don't feel it's unusual that you have this, like, inflamed skin in a face and neck and it feels like, and I can feel it right now in my hand and have no fever, no temperature. And that's, you don't feel it's unusual? No, no, you don't. In fact, now that you're reminding me, I've actually been feeling that myself. Nearly. Well, maybe I caught it from you when you're not having that. First of all, last week, I think the day before I saw you, I was out at the hospital, something rather, let's just say disturbing and frustrating happened. And when I got back to the office, I was a couple of minutes late, which I don't like being late. And my first patient who's an old social acquaintance said to me, geez, what's bugging you? And I said, nothing really, nothing important. But they said, they said, your face is so red. And I realized I looked in the mirror to go, well, I'm saying the same thing you did. Now, for you. Okay, this is like two or three weeks. Okay, now what I'm suggesting is get rid of those temporarily get rid of the supplements. Yeah. When you reintroduce them, which is fine, I don't. Okay, but if you wanted to, I'm not against, I don't care about this supplement. I don't care about this supplement. I don't care about this hot skin. Get rid of the supplements first. Yeah. Step two, I'm just saying, if you wanted to, yeah. Introduce one for a week and then the other for a week, and then you can find out if one of them is the cause. Week may not even be well enough. I would just, you know, frankly, what you're telling me doesn't disturb me in the slightest. No, I can't. What do I mean? I'm glad the audience has an opportunity here on the radio. What my visits to Dr. Mark Urlan. Okay, after we go through the whole thing, you don't need me. There's nothing wrong with you. Just relax. I'm not going to give you any antibiotics. No, nothing. You'll be fine. Well, Neil, the first, the very, very first thing I do when I walk into the room, whether it's a new patient or a established patient, is to get immediately to determine how important the issue is. Now, mind you, mind is a role where I can kill people easily by giving them a drug that even somebody else might have done the same thing down the street. Right. Like South Ending. Right, yeah. Well, there's an example, or a pen of filling to people who have a virus thing. And the next thing to know, they've, they've, here's a word for you. They've exfoliated. Mm-hmm. You know what that is? No. They've peeled off the skin from their entire body. And we'll spend the next month and a hundred thousand dollars in the burning unit of Jackson. Great. And I'm not going to be the one that happens to because I, as first question I asked myself, is I'm going to give them something for comfort, real life actually improved the symptoms. Yeah. And I really going to be doing something for a patient that two weeks from now, they're body wouldn't have fixed by themselves without any damage whatsoever. No. Okay. And that's exactly it. 80% of the time people who can walk in, getting some friendly advice and reassurance, it's going to be okay. We don't need to do anything. Yeah. And you shouldn't do what you don't need to. And that's part of the reason there's a frigate health care crisis. Right. Okay. A few minutes of patch out on some amounts on I guess, for the afternoon, by the way. Great. Dress is great. Okay. Good. The next time I see, I want that red rubber nose. Okay. I'll keep it around for you. Thanks a lot. Bye. Thank you. So what do you say? It's 11 after 11 at 5. 60 QM. Hey, zero. Thank you. Where's he get two to five? He's going back to the top of the sand. That's his top. That's his turn. David, chief poet, who's out with you, where'd he get two to five? The f*** run. Okay. A two to five, y'know the f*** run He and you, lamp visiting your grandparents. You gave everything. And we found her house, baby! And we can't get her to do that again, do what he's all done! And we found her house, and we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her! And we can't let her do that! And we can't let her do that! Oh, we're fine. I'm 17 at 5.60 WCM. That was a very, I don't know. It took some good time. That was a peculiar conversation with Dr. Mark Dedy. Tell me anything, specifically, that had to do with this hot skin and our red neck and red the poison. No, okay. I mean, generally we know what a red neck is caused by right? Yeah. That's the so red neck. Well, that's just unlike one side over here and it's like, oh, my head. You don't want to hear about all this stuff. You just want to be entertained and have a few lasts. And here the Michael Jordan Press Conference coming up at noon. Right? Oh, no chance. Just Miami Lakes, Tallah. Miami Lakes. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, man. Speak to me. You can't talk to whoever's a mumble in the background. Going once. Going twice. Okay. What was that? What was that? Tell me like somebody handed his phone off somebody else. Oh, somebody handed her the phone because somebody's too much a pussy. I talked to him. Oh, okay. Okay. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Kendall. And you as your is really pill doctor still practicing. I have no idea. And I don't want to know. Maybe you can get you something for the show. No, no, check this out. I have a bottle of Saint John's work right here. It says, why are we talking about Saint John's work? Well, I mentioned was herbal stuff. And now we're talking about worsen, pometto bugs. No, stop, stop, pometto bugs. No, but you got to hear what it says caution. The mid exposure to suns and skin might become photo sensitive and sunburn easily after some days of usage. Who would want to take a supplement and you know, turn red? You might try a banana boat, uh, a little vera gel. It's really good. Banana boat, a little vera gel. Yeah. It'll suit your skin until it goes away. I wanted to tell you a story. Well, I mean, until it goes away, how do I know it's going to go away? Well, probably let that grape seed extract or whatever. I got my the done it. I'm sure. Sure. You know, I wouldn't take it anymore. Like your doctor said, I wouldn't say anything. Yeah. They had him on for 11 minutes. He didn't say anything. Yeah, I noticed that. I'm not a word. And I hope he's going to charge you for this. Of course. He's got the meter running. Why do you think he was on so long? You never took a breath. I hear you. Hey, VH wanted a story on Marvin Gaye about a couple years ago and a Tammy Torel died on stage. She collapsed on stage. They stopped the concert. Are you serious? Oh, absolutely. She had a brain. Are you sure? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure a brain aneurysm and she died. She was like 24 years old. Oh my god. I know. It's terrible. But Marvin Gaye boxed that for you. Yes, I do. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. We're Marvin Gaye. OK. OK. What a walk up. Did you hear that? That call. Or should have a show on a white-in-year something? I mean, I'm an angel. Oh, I'm wearing it. Oh, I'm wearing it. Oh, I'm wearing it. Oh, I'm wearing it. Sure, that was outstanding. We have two open lines in date. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. No from my homestead. Who's a bit less pervars? As I'm thinking about saw palm metal. OK, and chop your neck off. Because from the neck down, I'm doing great. Yeah, well, maybe I shouldn't just talk about it. Maybe if I just stop thinking about it, huh? Stop concentrating on it. Because it's obvious nobody out there has any idea what I'm talking about. Or if they do, they're certainly not going to do anything else. It's like maybe one of our pharmaceutical people out there might stop by here with a whole back of tetracycline or something like that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, you're in color. Listen, I thought of a way where maybe you can use this fear of vanish when you're going to hockey games, you know. You can get those people start touching them and coughing on them and then they won't. Yeah, that's not a bad idea. That's a very good idea. In fact, I'm going to be at the game tonight. I think I've got a real bad view coming on, right? There you go. I don't know if I stomach it. Not only that, but I think I have a little intestinal sample out the M. Yeah. This might be the first game you can enjoy in peace and quiet. I want suggestions, sir. God bless you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Go. Yeah, all new people I want to sit around me there at the game in section 101. I'm feeling a little crappy, okay? Literally so. Yeah. Could be a real, disgusting experience. So I see you might want to find someplace else to watch the game. I get home would be good. We have an open line at Broward in two in day. 5.6705. 60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. You know how we went from like a tremendous euphoric response to. And then Dr. Mark called and that was pretty much the end of that. He called back by the way and said, well, the call was comes. Oh, no kidding. If you had any idea how much I just sent him, what kind of a check I just sent him the other day? And that's what I'm complaining. He's always been very fair to me. But like I said, if you had any idea how much the check was I just sent. And still like I'm burning up here like without the fever. See, I mean, he's a great guy, but the problem is I'm not looking for discussion. I'm not looking for a repart. I'm looking for some answers. Like, what is this? How long could it take when will it possibly go away? What is the cause of it? Am I going to live beyond the weekend? Things like that. Just a little minor things like that. That's all those things that I would like to know. 5.6705.60. 5.650. Oh, I'll tell you if you think it's bad on and now, wait till we get close to noon. See, now I'm going to tell you, I could take the easy way out and say, well, you know, ordinarily we don't do the press conferences, especially sports up. This is in the sports show. But because this is such a moment of event at his Michael Jordan. We'll make an exception and just throw the thing on there. I could do that because as far as I'm concerned, that's the lazy way out. Just throwing out some stupid ass press conference. That's the lazy man's way out. Just a walk in a way in throwing some dumb ass press conference that you can barely hear on there and throw that on the air for 20 minutes at a time and carrying through your four of those a day. Am I going to do it? No. But you're sweet at that. I'm not going to do it. If you want to have your old Ben out of shape about Michael Jordan, we're talking about basketball, which you've known for a hell of a long time is going to happen anyway. If that's the most important thing in your goddamn life, then I say, get a life is what I say. Find some of their place to roast. If that's what you will want to cranks your chain. Get serious. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hi. Yes, man. There are a couple of things that could give you a flush or a rash. Yes. On an I-F-N. But I don't take the action. You don't take a one a day. No. Okay. And the other have you heard your hormones check? My hormones? Yes. I've talked around estrogen and so forth. No. Because when we get to a certain age as you know, yes. We go through menopause and we get hot. I'm not sure. And we get rashes. I'm not sure. I'm having hot flashes. Is that it? Well, your heart, you could be a little lacking somewhere. I'm lacking somewhere, but I don't want to tell you where. More or less, no. Yeah. Another thing I wanted to say to you, my husband had a PSA at test office. Was his prostate? Yes. And it was a way over four. And I put him on saw. Palmetto, which he did really didn't want. Yeah. After a couple of months of drop to three, seven things. How do you like that? Well, there is something to these herbs, but you have to go to a doctor that knows about. Right. But I would have your hormones check. Just to see if hormones check? Yes. Absolutely. They can check your hormones to see if there's something there that's causing that. My hormones is causing my face to my neck to be flushed. Possibly. Because the only other thing I can think of would be knives. And if you don't take that. Well, I don't take that because I know I years ago I took it. Just to see what it was like in boy, instant immediate. But that doesn't last. This, this, last. It waxes and wanes and some doctors would say. Yeah. Wanes and spanes. It's just a simple blood test to check it out. Yeah. It wouldn't hurt. Okay. It might help. Okay. Thanks. I hope. Okay. Well, at least he's being helpful. In fact, I got more information from her in 30 seconds. There that I did do well. We have an open line of day to one. I mean, it was a great conversation. He's a friendly, personable guy. And we had a real good 10-year-long medical conversation complimentary. No, you know, and that's great. But did I learn anything that has to do with this? No. No. Nothing. Zero. No. Not that I want to be a heart. I answer, be a prick about it. But that there were anything constructive whatsoever. No. I've already put the other stuff. I put it in the cupboard. The other said expensive. Do by the way. The coach you ten and at the grapes you're expensive is out. So another way for the pharmaceutical people and whoever else is making this stuff to make a fast buck. That's what it's all about. And that's why people like this ball sky are writing all these books. And 90% of the book is recommending you take this supplement. By the time you get through taking all those supplements, you need to have time to leave the house. They said maybe run over the health foods stored by more of them. Maniacs. We have an open line in day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, that was three joy and well excuse me. I mean, we're always coming up with new and exciting different things. If nobody bothers Thomas these things, but you know, what do we care? So I guess we'll just get rid of this thing. I was in the okay one moment please. Well, hey, listen, you know, while are we supposed to know? We don't have any communication program director because he's busy running around with a briefcase. We have an open line of date. It wouldn't be interesting if we knew it was in that briefcase. Open line of date five six seven oh five sixty and pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the fact that since I love watching that son of a bitch Bob Bargourm. All hypocrites will be exposed. You notice and by the way, we've had a couple of calls this morning already early on. These right wingers are getting real agitated now. You'll notice that over the next several weeks and months they're going to be getting really squroomy and Lashing out because they're psychotic because now that she was on the other foot and it's way inside their Right go. That's right along with the jurbles. It's way in there in there. Right go like I said. So that's the way I call us for all you jab bush likers out there. It's just to the way it goes man. I'm sorry, but what goes around comes around. And now the shoes on the other foot and now everybody that's busy pointing to finger they're saying, Hey, guess what you're a bunch of hypocrites and adulterers and horror mongers and it's set of And so on I got all these illegitimate kids and by the way, the reason we never ran with a story about Clinton's illegitimate kid because as they mentioned last night it was a totally bogus story. And everybody's busy retracting it set of and so on. You never had any illegitimate kid and the whole thing was a hoax. And that's by the way, it's for the benefit of that redneck who called from four miles yesterday By the way, sorry, but the news must travel a little bit slow over there on the west coast of Florida. No illegitimate kid, sorry about that. You lose again. Here's a fact from Carolyn who says, I won and use your dolphin tickets for the Buffalo game. I forgot to tell you your seats have no one in front of you. You can disturb them at the dolphin games. They're in the first club seat throw in a regular seat jar below. And when they stand, you can stay seated. You don't have to see them. That was a thanks again says, Carolyn, you're welcome Carolyn. Scott bless you sweetheart. So if I were go to the dolphin games, which if they were any more just seeing my might, but I don't add it, I'd have great seats. That's okay. It's going to be a real interesting test at the Toronto Maple Leaf Panthers game tonight at the Macarena. That's going to be a real interesting test of the people who sit around the in 101. Because I'm already a little hot under the color of your partner expression. So beyond your goddamn best behavior, you should be in a little bit of a scene. In fact, I don't mean we'll be in the stands and sitting very close to me, not playing in the game. Here's Miami. Hello. Am I in a wrong line? No, I'm not. Hello. Are you doing a good job? Okay sir. Yeah. What do you think we're going to give for a parallel body? Are you going to give for a parallel body? Are you going to give for a parallel body? Are you going to give for a parallel body? I beg your pardon. What do you think we should trade for him? Rob Needamar and Ed Jovenowski sounds good to me. Let's do a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Can I talk about Quinn? Yes. I was watching for a while though last night. And I had a couple of attorneys on there. And I can't remember the guy name with a little mustache. You kind of look like Adolf Hitler. But are we talking about was obstruction of justice? You know, you know, in the Gins, the guy with a Ben Ginsburg guy with a red mob, red house. No. He's always on MSNBC. He's a real Nazi in the hiding man at the guy. I have to tell you what the cowboy guy was pretty good in that kind of rubber his name. Another guy that was on a lot was a cowboy guy from Colorado, Utah, where the thousand of him. What was the name George? Jerry Span. Thank you, Joe. Jerry Span. Jerry Span. What anyway? The other guy. You got a lot of strussian known Joe with no Jerry Span. That's there have to be a crime involved when there's obstruction of justice. First of all, they don't have any proof that he obstructed justice anyway. Okay. He's already said that he didn't they didn't ask for the lie or a federal and so on. They never promised to reject that there. There is no evidence of any obstructed justice. Okay. And all of this that they're inferring about well. He said this to Betty Curry. And so he was planning the seat. There's no evidence that he obstructed justice. But the thing is I mean all he can hearing from the Republicans is has nothing to do about sex. Well, I mean bottom line let's say if he obstructed or he tried to conceal the fact that he did have sexual monica. Yeah. And then he lied about that. Okay. Monica. Okay. It's not about sex and there's nothing that's done. Right. That's all there is. There are two people try to hide an extramarital affair. And that's that period. I mean if he had murdered somebody they wouldn't be talking about the sex. If he would have lied about like I said yesterday if he would have lied about diverting funds to the Consorals in direct, you know, a contradiction of an order of the Congress or doing anything else. That having to do with the affairs of the government then it would definitely be in a Peatible offense. Absolutely. And have a great day. I mean, it's nothing complicated anymore. Okay. And these these right wingers now are our contradicting themselves. Oh, the house did need witnesses. But they said it does need witnesses. And in the meantime, they're dropping like flies. One after another in Lori Flint says you've got eight more. All right, we're in conservative Republicans. And they're all going down. He's what he said last night. He said before he topples out of that wheelchair one last time. They're all going down. That's exactly what he said. Isn't it? Very. Thank you. Open line of date County. 5.6705. 6.060 and pound five. 6.060 on the 18.0. Why was lying? By the way, speaking of ludicrous crack going on in this country. As if we don't have enough lawyers making enough money already. You see the story now about sexual harassment in the school yard. You see that? Well, you haven't seen that for another story. Supreme Court justice is hearing a sexual harassment case that could affect school's nation-wide. Question Tuesday how to draw the line between children's playground, taunts and something more sinister. I mean, just to send with a icon or even atpids, said little boys, these little girls is every one of these incidents going to lead to a lawsuit. And I guess the answer would be for the people behind all of these lawyers head their way. In considering a case involving a fifth grade boy in Georgia who broke the classmate and made crude remarks, the judges must decide whether schools ought to blame if educators willfully ignore and do not stop forage conduct between students. Sexual harassment. The girl at her mother said they complained repeatedly to school officials in Monroe County, Georgia in this one case that a classmate known in court papers as a GF had grabbed Lashonda. That's about a Lashonda Davis's breast and crotch simulated a sex act and made threatening remarks. Well, there you go. That sounds like sexual harassment to me. That sounds like almost assault, right? But does that mean that if somebody talks about somebody else in class because you don't like the way she looks or something like that and says that's f***ing bitch or something like that, is everybody in a brother going to be having a sexual harassment suit now? Yeah, all the lawyers can make a lot of money. Yeah, thank you. Okay, here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. First of all, I want to thank you for saving my life. I heard that a couple of you talk about acting and everything's like not on acting. The number is a compression down, weight down, everything respiration, the whole work. Oh, great. But as far as the supplements are concerned, there's no question that you're going to get a reaction. Especially with stuff like fall metal and stuff. I haven't taken soft palm metal. Well, even the great piece probably was doing it. The co-cute 10 absolutely nothing to worry about. I'd say 200 milligrams of that a day that's almost wonderful thing you can take for your heart. It's known to be beneficial to the heart. It's expensive to sell. I'll pay to that. It's very expensive, but don't worry about that one. But some of these others that are a little more like the great speed and the supplements are stuff like that. I had reactions to 200 or more weeks. Really? Yeah, I did. What kind of reaction? Well, on the supplement, I got like a pain in the underdog. The triceps of my left arm. Yeah. My triceps of my left arm is lasted for about two or three weeks. It was kind of mild. But I just knew there was something there. I didn't stop taking it. And now it's been a year now. And the TSA has come down. And there's definitely a benefit from it. There's nothing to worry about. These things, you know, when you're going after the bugs in your system and you're trying them bugs, you know, they don't like it. And they're going to... Maybe that's what I'm doing. I'm trying them bugs. It's actually really good for lunch. I think they're okay in the edges. Right. But at any time you're taking any action in the ready kind. And you go after them bugs. And I'm going to like it. They're going to react. They're going to get it done. You're just going to lose there and there. Okay. So maybe you ought to keep taking it then. I think you ought to keep taking it. It's a little flush here and there. And it's not a little flush, it's as a... It's a... It's a little flush. It's constant. Well, this was constant too. And I didn't know what that was. And my doctor went. It's a constant flush. It's like a stuck toilet. Okay. Only it's for my neck up. Well, my doctor didn't have a clue. It's like I had my neck in my head stuck in the toilet. All right. Well, my doctor didn't have a clue. But he didn't have a clue about acting either. And then when my number is the impression then he says, I want to write it up. I think that's... I'd be like that. Well, at least you were teaching doctor something just like I did. Okay. Good luck, Ralph. Keep it up. We have an open line of day one in part. We're learning anything about my flush here today. No. No. But we're telling them good time. 22 till noon in that Michael Jordan press conference. Which we will not hear how I'm QAM. I'll I'm sure that that will get some press on Barry Jackass. The sports station doesn't carry Michael Jordan's press conference. Because it came in a middle that Fagney Rogers you'll... Too effin bad. Okay. You're a little fat puddle-wackin jackass. Michael Jordan retires from basketball and a whole world must come to it. Maybe that's why the stock market's going down. Maybe it's got nothing to do with Brazil. Maybe it's because of Michael Jordan. And look at that. And as that girl, we'll come back where we can hear all of the sudden. What the hell is going on while I'm not paying any attention? Look at that. The Dow's down one-seventy with the Nasdaq's only down 15. You know, I'm sick and tired of you people with your text stocks making all the money. And I'm jealous and I admit it. The Dow is like all over the place but the Nasdaq just keeps going up and up and Amazon.com and broadcast.com and calm.com all the stuff up 30 points up 60 points. These people are not even listening. I was all retired. They were all living on some island they bought with the money from these text stocks. They got text stocks. I got direct stocks. 21 before noon at 5.60 WQAM. By the way, I do want to congratulate Ray Perry on the fantastic job. He's done a good job of getting us the new copy of its only almost a week later since after we had our initial conversation. And now they have to get our last conversation at the morning. And do I have a new copy for mostly the counts that I need for? No, for none of them is a matter of fact. Nice going sales department as you continue setting new lows and servicing your accounts. Love you baby. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. I'm on the ground. Remember one important. I'm going to get there. It's $144.560 WQM Hank is off today. We've got managed from 2 to 430. Bocaper, 436. The most of your 6 to 7 pregame show of 7. A clock that may believe that the path is 7.399. And actually the pressure is off when you come right down to the police after pulling out a lot of games. Last week they're trailing into 103. Nothing to do in the first period of Tampa Bay and win the game 5 to 4. Last night 3 to 1 again after 1 period of 10 in Tampa. And I thought here we go again. And still pull out 4 to 3. Thank you Matt Sundin and Mike Johnson. Tell you one thing. Regardless of how the game comes out tonight, the least of least are in exciting team to watch. There's actually something going on there as opposed to some of the comest up. We see occasionally here. You know what I'm talking about? Beyond 3 to do. So Bill and Homestead again, a fact says, also depending on the brand of supplements you buy, they add other items to the supplement. Some great great seed extract I bought had bio flavonoids and vitamin C in the castle, which caused me to break out in a rash. The best thing for skin rash, he says is cortisol and cream. So Bill and Homestead, at least he's trying to help me out. In fact, he's given me more information in these two refactors than some people gave me a 10 minutes on the air, not the legendary names, Dr. Mark. Oh, so maybe Dr. Mark would like to be an emerald who would rob in Williams. Okay, I told him getting sick and tired of Dr. Williams. I can see Dr. Mark with the red nose on. He's a good guy, but he didn't tell me anything. Here's a more mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, guys. Yes, sir. You taking those with me, you got something in your belly, you're not just throwing the supplements down on an empty belly. I have taken them on an empty stomach, yes. Well, that happens to me too, and it makes my whole neck and all. It looks like, I don't know what it looks like. Really? Red blocky thing, yeah. How long is it last? A couple hours, and then it's like a couple of weeks. That's a bad thing. You might want to back up. One thing that doesn't mean to be vitamin, some real sensitive to all the B complex. He's a vitamin, yeah. Like when I get a B bite. Exactly. But my dad's really a solitude, like the right wing Republicans, the solitude, hopping from mom to another. It's something like that. I wanted to thank you for one thing, and condemn you for another. Thanks for turning me on to Bob and Tom. I can pick them up on them up and call spring. What's up in the morning? They're great. But heard you talking about Rick Riley and made the bad and the steak, a switch and over there. Well, you got the curial fash, just like I did. Well, after I heard about the first half hour stock market talk, I got the cure. Yeah, and memory and retrospect, you know, you see, you're thinking, wow, Rick was good. And so it's great. And I've turned it over there, and there's two works for you. Gilberg. Yeah, that's another thing. You combine the stock market with, and it's like instant suicide on a radio. It's like Rick is self-destructing, you know? Exactly. I need help. Yeah, that's for sure. Okay, thanks. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. So there's a guy he gets to flush like for a couple of hours. I wouldn't mind flushing it for a couple of hours, but this is just, I mean, why you make it a big deal out of this, because I feel like it, because I'm hoping that maybe somebody out there might get an answer from as opposed to, okay, we have an open line of day and one in Broward, 560, and 560, and Pomp 560 on the A. See, I got off on that thing about the supplements. And I'm very, very, very, about what has anything to do with this or not. But now that makes for a very convenient conversation about a whole bunch of other blue crabs, which probably has nothing to do with this. You see what I'm saying? Including a bunch of stuff like saw palm metal, which I'm not even taking saw palm metal. The last thing I, if I go on the palm metal, I'm probably going to mix the guards, okay, or maybe coming home from the airport, from MIA. But other than that. Here's Pomp and O, hello. Pomp and O. You'll go ahead. Yes, sir. A couple questions for you. Real quick, go into the first hockey game tonight at the Mokarena. Oh, man. Somebody say hi to you. What section you in? 101. Can I send a message to our friend with my Maple Leaf jacket, I'm yes, sir. Can I send a message? I'm listening. Jeff, you're in douchebag. Okay. Thanks. Maybe he's related to Alan Doucherwitz. We have an open line of day and one in Broward, 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the A.T. and T. Wireless Line. We got 450,000 very important topics to go in here today. We're going to solve the problems of the world before this show is I Make no mistake about it. Just ask me out there. And then on Monday, Georgia is going to solve all the problems of the dark Complected folks in America. Whatever we're calling them on Monday. Well, I don't know what he's going to be calling him because I'm not going to be here. But you call him black people. There you go. Very simple. That's very nice. That's very respectful. As opposed to hyphenated distance, the hyphenated that. And a lot of other, the majority of things we don't want to be using too much. Two open lines in day county, 560, 705, 60, and Pomp 560 on the A.T. And T. Wireless Line. Oh, that's right. I forgot 10 minutes away from the Michael Jordan press conference. You love it. And I have been to be exact. Any interest on this part? No. Not in this event. Georgia want to hear it? No. Do I want to hear it? No. I guess take a cure that. Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Number one. I'm going to vote for a very spent. And number two is I don't want you to take in great speed. I'm looking for bruising. For bruising? Well, I didn't have a bruise back though. Wow, there. No, I'm serious. I went away with that knee. Great. That was long time ago. I was bruised. Right. Okay. So I took a photo about a year. Didn't do a thing for me. Yes. Now, I took one time I had a problem with my knee. You can get your knee shot a quarter zone. And they didn't tell me I was going to be all flushed in the next day. Yeah. I was flushed. I mean, I got so scared. Really? What wrong with me? My whole face was so red. It was unbelievable. And that lasted for about four days. Really? And then of course I've been taking this stuff, you know, like day after day. Yesterday is the first day I stopped taking it. And I do feel like hell of a lot better than day, but I still got the flush. So it may take a few days to get out of my system. I would imagine. I would have liked to. I would have liked to. Dr. Markwood told me that, but we didn't tell me that. I did much or anything else. I'm not taking everything. And then, you know, like he said, he was telling you to do. But then I was trying to turn those. I was just taking it. And then see what happens. And I might take a few days to get out of your system or week or whatever. And then if you want to go back and I go, grow... I don't want to go back I don't know. Don't know. No. I don't know. You know, it's another one of these books that's peddling. Believe me, I know all about this. Hell-food business. And I do take my fiscal oil. It capsules every day. Which is great if you got a little our switters or whatever. It's better than taking Thailand all which you'll kill you. And, you know, so there's something to take every day, vitamin E a little bit. But taking all this other exotic stuff. Who needs it? for what? I'm with you. I don't take anything but up to that. Eve, why don't I do my exercise? I eat right? I don't know if you don't need to take them a lot of items. I do take what I'm in see and by the minute that's it. Okay, another thing. Can I ask you one thing? Sure. Okay. We're going to the family's going to see discover stars on ice. 7.4. I have an idea. Do you see one? Stars on ice. Dores on ice. Stars. Stars. Stars. Stars. Yeah. Dores on ice. Yeah. Okay. Discover stars on ice. On February 14th at the arena. Okay. I have a macarina? Yes. I have never been there. I have no idea about the seeding. I want to go get tickets. Okay. And I don't know what seats I would ask for. Can you give me some help? I'll tell you I want to close to a center ice. I would imagine I would assume you want to sit in your center ice for a night. Not too far down because it's very cold. I understand. It's very cold. You have to bundle up. You know, we're a parka and really? No. No. Just a sweater or something. Okay. So what would you say center? Yeah. It's close as possible. Maybe like a few rows maybe 10, 15 rows up. It's possible. Okay. One more question. Thank you so much for that. One more question. Do you know a Jack Hole? Jack Hole? No. I don't. You don't know him? No. No. After Randy Rose. Yeah. No. I don't listen to that station. Okay. I'm not a good thing. And you too. Thank you. God forbid. I should know Jack Hole. We have all the deadlines or what open all of a sudden because it's getting close to noon now. Of course, all the people in date they're getting ready for Michael Jordan's be Termin announcement. I'll give you a play by play right here. Okay. It's actually we'll do our own. Huh? Maybe we'll do our own retirement announcement for our Michael Jordan coming by. That's not it. That's the one. Sorry. There's been a major set back today for the NBA Lockout. Play a representative. She'll throw up dual Kingfiz. Well, I pull my ear for people over 50 level G. Some of them are so low. He's lost. He's lost. He's full. He's full. I know. He's fair. He's full. He's got a face while probably. He's got a lot of balls. I'm not talking about. Are you sure? Yeah. He's positive. So there's a little preview. Okay. What you're going to miss it. You know, Michael Jordan is very articulate and he's got a nice ball head in the big urine and that left your course. They counted five six seven. Oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yeah. Hi. I have a question. You always talk about your blood pressure. Diabetes. Do you have high blood pressure? Yes. Do you take medication for you? Uh-huh. What do you take for it? Boy, this is going to get really ponders for the audience. I take, um, low tension and I take Adelaide. You take Adelaide. Adelaide will kill me at your hand. I have to go. I can get flushes like you. That's a calcium channel blocker. But I've been taking it for a long time. Doesn't matter. I took it for weeks and weeks and it didn't bother me right away. Okay. I could happen at any time. What it does? Are you serious? I'm serious. And I cannot take it. I cannot take any calcium channel blocker. They put me on three or four different ones. And one. So why would you take it for a while and have no problem? And all of a sudden, would start having a, uh, I don't know. It just does. It does. And Adelaide is the one that really got me sick. I took like, I forgot the middle dosage, 6D 120. I forgot. I think the CC is like time release on the with all the time. The least and it left all day. Right. What happens is I was so bad that I would get flushes that I couldn't walk outside. If I was in the house, it wasn't that bad. But as soon as I walked out the door, did the heat and my, and my face would like burn up. I felt like how do you like that? I felt like my face was on fire. If you just shave my life. I'm serious. That's how I feel. I don't have a fever. But I feel like my face and neck and my neck, you can do it. I couldn't even put my head on the pillow because it felt like the heat was coming out of my head. How do you like that? Is that what you feel? Yes. Well, and after your doctor about it, because my doctor is my, my, my, my, my doctor is what I, uh, it's had in tap-ance here on their phone with a while. And I'm just talking to my doctor because my insurance company, they switched me to like six or seven different medicines. And now they're telling me, they're not going to pay for my medication anymore. And I just called them yesterday. I said, I have been on so many of them. But let me ask you this. Can you mean, they always tell you don't stop any medication like suddenly? Right. Can you can you just stop a cold turkey? Well, I wouldn't know. I would go on a different, I, well, I would, I had to, I had to, I had to stop it. I'd happen to me really down on a Saturday. I called my doctor to don't take it, come in on Monday. And I didn't then they switched me on a different kind of blood pressure. And how long before the, uh, oh, we went away like because what happened? But I had been on how long a period of time. Well, it went right away the next day. When you take it, you're taking it every day. And it's time released. And it lasts so far. And it's the ball God named day long. Right. And you can't get it out. Are you listening, doctor? Yes. Anyway, that was my experience. So, well, thank you so much. God bless you sweetheart. Okay. Thanks a minute. Okay. There you go. See, I knew that if I just kept banging on this thing long enough, without having to spend hundreds of dollars to go and sit around and, you know, get a step as go up under my neck that maybe somebody out there might actually address what's going on here. How do you like that? Without the grape seed and the grape seed and the pumpkin seed and this, all the other bull crab, all the other hoax is pocus because everybody in this country's brain was with all these ancient Chinese secrets, which maybe some of them with the, uh, uh, Bill Bole, uh, well, what's that one? That genko, uh, plinko, isn't that from other prices right? That plinko thing? I think that's what that is. Uh, where you're shot, you take the pill and you drop it down, you're thrown a kind of bounces around from on or going to another. It's the plinko orm. So there you go. Thank God for maybe a lady here just, uh, who knows what. So now what do I do? All the deadlines are open by the way. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six on the AT&T lines. I guess likely to be playing music once that press conference comes on, especially in Dave County. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, again, here's another example. Thanks again to the WBQAM sales staff by the way for absolutely refusing to care and getting us anything that makes that he sends or anything newer than stuff two, three months ago. Nice job, Ray Perry. You talk a good game. You're a real nice guy, but boy, this is depressing. This speaker, this vice president, members of the 100th of Congress, this English guest, my fellow Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thanks, very much. Nothing badly presents the hilarious new board game that will have the life into the info. Colossumies. And that's no bulls. It's often a game so tell the bad kids full. Colossumies. Roll the dice and move ahead. Three spaces. You get creamed, core. Oh no. But watch out when the thing. Oh, you show like a lot to me bad. Colossumies. You're cold in first. He's a send you home with energy first. Colossumies. Couple one to five, 50 WQAM. Happy Wednesday, we got Jim Mandage, two Kimba Boe came for it for $30, we shouldn't have been sitting in for Hank. Six to seven. We got the Boester 7 o'clock pregame. 7 30 night to Toronto, Maple Leafs. How does the pistol 50 points out of board there, baby? And the floor to Panthers. Oh, 35 tonight. By the way, Bob Lincoln, Texas, me this, North Carolina. I don't mention on the air about Texas because for obvious reason. But nevertheless, this is a hell of a deal for all of you. You know, people are always saying, well, you know, you're making all that money. You go to Europe four or five times a year, which is true. Can we can't afford to go there? Well, you know, there are deals. I mean, this is Miami or Orlando to Amsterdam. Brown Trip is low with 338 bucks. Miami daily except Monday or Orlando Monday Friday Saturday and Sunday. This departs January 8th, which is already started now through August 25th. 1999. Purchase these tickets no later than January 23rd. So you still have like 10 days. Oh, by the way, thanks to my buddy. It's the passport office by the way. Oh, the best, pal. Thank you so much. Come on, who passport. I'm ready to rock and roll now. But anyway, this is a, that's a hell of a deal. And also to Europe, it's got a whole series of cities. They're really rolling and, uh, niece and Paris, uh, through Amsterdam, Brown Trip is lowest 298 bucks. Purchase no later than January 23rd. So you might want to call up your travel agent or I gave this number on here before and we disconnected. Members, I'm not going to give that number again because it's disappointing. We're just called Martin here. 1 86678462. 1 800 to 6278462. If you'd like to go to Amsterdam or Berlin or Brussels or Copenhagen or Madrid or Barcelona, Barcelona, Munich, Nice, Hamburg, Helsinki. That's a pretty neat place. Helsinki. I bet you're not too many of you people in Finland, uh, no. I have. And, and, and, uh, no, I was a pretty interesting place, uh, Helsinki. It was okay. I would want to be there right now quite frankly at this time of the year necessarily. Oh, I'm looking at this. Now is the other showing highlights. So here's the games that Michael that we've seen 80 million of these last 20 per hours games that Michael wanders the shot. It's gone. They win. All right. Yeah. And now what? What do we do now? Well, we celebrate and his head is still bald. And he's, uh, yeah, he's great, but he's, he's retiring. I wanted the day that I retired. They're going to have like a big, got some of this like this on the, even local TV like no, of course not. It'll just, there's just be a headline in the hero's saying. Thank God. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's our majority's cranky today? Well, he's, uh, you know, you pick the phone you write a show. You're a ham, I'm talking to the all-off. Put me a hold just like that. A mobile for the guy. Yeah. And that's just the way he is. He's, uh, irritable. Hey, listen. And he's eating yet. He's cranky. What's going on with so Henry still out there in, um, California? Uh, yeah. Where is he at? In LA. But what's the station? TFI. They mentioned in this morning on, uh, this other radio show I'm like, I mentioned the name. Are you sure, why not? I, uh, well, Howard Sinsho. Yeah. They mentioned Phil Henry? Yep. And what did they say? I said, uh, some guy out in, um, or you need to call him mentioned them. Uh, no, somebody, wasn't a call. Somebody, to Howard knew he said, you know, he heard Phil Henry. And Howard said, yeah, rid of them. And he's a great talent. He says, the world, I'm waiting for a tape. I want to hear him. Mm-hm. Didn't down for anything. So, he never mentioned you though. Oh, he has, yeah. He really has a ring here. He's been here as long as he has. Every night in a hill either rip me or help pretend he doesn't know who I am, intermittently. You know, because he can't say asshole on here. Howard's got a real half of the last one. Now he can't say it. No, no. But the thing about this, he says, I've been on the radio for long. You've been on the air just long as he has. I got news for it. Don, I miss was on the air before Howard was an intern. Okay. Just look at him. I'm as you can tell, you know, Lizard. Okay. Have a great day. Look, that's excellent. Lizard is exactly what I think. Like dead lizard when you see I miss when that jacket. But he's making it. He's wrecking into big bucks more popular than ever. Which goes to show you. Just start sitting there and mumbling a lot. I'm going to try that. Yeah, I think about that. Erlite. So, I mean, if you're head is in your chest deep. Oh, I'm like this. He's down like that. And then every now and then the only movement he'll ever make usually is like he'll reach over and adjust them because he dig up the same kind of Mike's band that we've got. And that's where the similarity we're going to end by the way. But other than that, he'll like reach over and push it. And then that's basically it. And then when they do the break, you like the way he does that instead of going like this or the commercial way, you like, you know, like like this, like a big flourish, you know, like, and that's a lot of animation for I'mus at the age of 110. That's not bad. I hope that when I get to be 110, I can go like that. I'll bring a kerchief in for you so you can get the look down. Yeah, you got to get the kerchief and the leather jacket and look hunched up like this and look like you're on your last like, you know. But he's making all the money in the world and his show really blows. There's still make it a big. So they're going to all the reporters and they got all the camera crews. They got thousands and thousands of camera crews there. They got everybody in their brother like this is an event that's really one of the most important things in the history of the human race, right? Oh, man. Yeah, Michael Jordan be retiring, okay. And I'm sure that what's his name? Little Puts Pudlack over there to help right now. So it's not good enough for. And he's late till he starts to speak, okay? Don't be putting all the floor play on there. Wait till Michael gets up there and says, oh, man. Whatever he's going to say, and then we'll put it on for about two seconds. Very jackass. I'm sure he's just living. But he's probably is right in the process. I am. So I think that lady is now I may have saved my life. How come I doctor didn't talk anything about that? About prescription medications, which are obviously much, much more powerful. And much more reactive, than, you know, herbal stuff in those cases, right? There are tremendous numbers of people that develop allergic reactions to prescription drugs. And maybe like she said after a while, I've been taken it for quite a while, but maybe just all of a sudden my body said, no more. Huh, that could be it. Makes more sense than anything else I've heard the last 10 days. We have an open line of day one and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and hell and deal. Hello. A deal. Yes sir. Real quick question for you. Do you at a line foot of a trial and jerk when you, when you, when you be brought up on three charges after two times? In a criminal trial possibly he can still be brought up in a trial after he leaves office. Why is everybody making a file? I think this is a serious issue. Let me say it again. The founding fathers established very stringent regulation and very, very limited availability to remove a elected president from office. Thank God. Okay. Not just on the whim or not just based on a partisan politics or based on maybe you know, Jay walking or whatever might be. That's what it's all about. And you said this over and over and over again a million times. If they want to bring charges against the factory leaves office, which you know there's no way in a world that would do. But if they want to do, they can do that. And the, the notion that he, that he should have been forced to testify and that civil uh, the suit with the Paula Jones thing in the first place was a little bit crisp. And the notion that his attorneys allowed him to testify by the grand jury was even more ridiculous, which is why he's in the pickle at these in right now. If they were settled a God and Paula Jones thing, but on the box, which they finally might have painted and you were a million bucks to be able to do that anyway. If they were done at the beginning, we wouldn't have had any of this crap. But we did and that we are and we can well continue. Which if nothing else could come out of it, at least we're uh, on masking all these good right wing hypocrites and finding out who's sticking their uh, and what, orifice, okay? Open line and date two and Howard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Don't worry, he's still not speaking yet. Okay, Michael still not. Oh, he's speaking yet. Nine minutes past noon at five sixty w q eight. He wear a disflowing ball. Got the NFL conference championship game. It's a double hitter on Sunday. Atlanta travels to Minnesota in the enemy game. That's well-prepared. We're going to make them the jets take on the Broncos in the AFP title game at 345. Right here. On sports radio five sixty. Q A M. Okay, I don't want to get porcupis. I never do that, but I'm just a little bit curious. The last hour that was like the rejoin that other thing and I said here and I kind of blew it because I didn't believe it was the rejoin. And then this time when I fired off the thing because I thought it was the rejoin. It wasn't the rejoin. Is that kind of be the rejoin by the way, Josh? No, that was an actual commercial that I recorded. I'm begging pardon? That last thing that you heard. I wasn't asking who we recorded it. I'm just asking how the NFL experienced. Yes. So that is not a rejoin. It sounds like we're going to visit. But last hour was. No last hour was a super bowl of tickets rejoin there. But how do we know that at the end when it says here on 5.62 q a m. Are we supposed to be psychic? Is that what it is? Well next time I play that last hour, I'll let George Jones advance. Yeah. Was that your voice on there? On the NFL experience. Oh, by the way, I wanted to tell you right to your post. That was a great show you did. Well, what night was it a couple weeks ago? Wednesday. Thank you. You said very nice things about me. Yes, that was great. And even though, you know, I don't remember whether I agreed or disagree. We always talking about the the unsold tickets and the, uh, for the dolphin playoff game. Yeah, and I thought it was great. I believe the next day was very nice. And it's not important whether I agreed or disagree, but at least you had something to say, which I thought was sensational. And you were fired up and pissed off. That's going to your Josh. Thank you. You're welcome. We have an open line of day one and Broward 5670550. And by the way, George tells me the big news for Barry Jackass and all you others out there who can't get enough of Michael Michael Motorcycle. ESPN news, which of course, most of you don't have on your cable system anyway. We're not talking about just the regular ESPN, right? We're talking about the ESPN newschaps or the one that knows all these things. Which one is a Josh? He has a new news, which is, uh, on, it's like two O's seven. On your, uh, small dish channel two or seven on the DSS, I direct TV. But most of us don't have it on your cable. But if you do have this small dish or you do have ESPN news on your cable, the good news is from two o'clock this afternoon till two o'clock tomorrow. Twenty four hours of nonstop. Michael Jordan retirement coverage. All right. You better get your priorities straight, Mr. And Harry comes rocket in right now. They're greeting him like a goddamn hope. Like a private. I don't want to hear any extraneous. I want to wait until Michael gets up there and says, Pup, pup, pup, pup, you know. And then we'll hear about two seconds of that. You'll pass up by these bastards. Okay. We have an open line. And so now what do you do? Okay. Now what do I do if that, the lady is right? I mean, this is boring to a lot of people out there, but it's very in here in Michael Jordan. But what do I do about a blood pressure medication? See, if I had a doctor that would talk to me the emison, talk some sense, and we could change my blood pressure medication and try that and see if I end your rib of this addalat, which makes all the sense in the world because it's time release and therefore it's in your system constantly and never gets out of there. And I don't want to be one of those people that just stops suddenly taking one of my blood pressure medications because everybody says, uh, don't do that. Well, two retirement speeds. Exactly. Okay. Well, we'll find out. Several long-distance. Maybe we'll find maybe there's some a crack out there. It'll write me prescription for something else. Like I go back on my card as in again or something like that. Anything. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah, it's not as boring as we listen to sports news conferences. That's for sure. Right. I mean, at least we can learn something. Yeah, here's some a liter of a guy going to hold a press conference. Both of you, if we can understand what he says. And let's see if we can hear what the guys weigh in the back row are asking the question. I'm not waiting waiting with David Riff. Listen, this morning, I was, that was AJ Benzer, who called Stern. I don't know if you know the way. I have no idea. He was a gossip columnist in New York and now he's on the each channel doing these, uh, these biographies on, you know, the all the old time actors. Anyway, he's out in California now. Yeah. He, he, he, what the, uh, Stern, he goes, we got this guy out here in California called Phil Henry, and, uh, Howard, yeah, yeah, Howard of him, great talent, great talent, you know, and Rob and never heard of him. And, uh, but it's just, yeah, we didn't need to hear that. We know that. But exactly. Are you sure, Ponzi? Ha ha ha. Sometimes today, can you play, uh, all you can eat Negro? Okay. Thanks a lot. And I don't know what to feel. Absolutely. Okay. Bye. Two open lines today. Come on, let's get these lines fill up. All these people that don't give a crap about Michael Jordan, who's saying right now. Okay. That's enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. I think my ladyfriend and plantation saved my life today. Now if I just knew what to do, where to go for the next step. If I just knew where to turn, what to do? You know what I'm saying? You do follow what I'm saying, don't you? Because I'm not just going to indiscriminately, you start taking that. But if my doctor would like, uh, you know, tell me something concrete, something about, hey, you know, maybe that's possible. And let's try something else. Then I would say, okay, let's do that. Because I don't want to walk around feeling flush all the time. Because the rest of me feels pretty damn good from the next down. Here's Fort Latterdale. Hello. Fort Latterdale. Fort Latterdale. Yes, sir. Neil, getting back to your problem on your skin rash. Yes. I spoke yesterday about religion. I work in the area of naturopathic medicine. Now there's something you can do off hand to maybe get rid of it in the short term. I don't know what would happen in a long term, especially if you take it in your... I don't want to, yeah, I'm not going to want to go as long as we get rid of something in the short term. I don't want to predestimate them. Right. I don't want to know what's causing it and get rid of it and stay alive. You may be having a reaction from the medication. Right. Also along the way, I got a guy working in a house. I'm getting a little loyze out there. That's okay. Uh, he is 70% of the weight from your body gets expelled through the skin. Yeah. And in this hot or climb, I've worked in the age of quite often. I see a lot of rashes with people who take an anti-malarial antibiotics. They drink too much. They smoke too much. The livers in the kidney can't handle it. It comes out through the skin. Yeah. I don't drink and I don't smoke. So what would we go in there? Another thing. You take any kind of supplements. Yes. Now check your supplements because the problem with a lot of supplements you see on a market is basically it. It's not the supplements. I guarantee you. I bet every time you got it. Right. But again, in the supplements, there's so a lot of them are contaminated with cheap colds, hard derivatives. Right. Could be having a reaction from that. Uh-huh. You could try since most rashes and in case the boil pimples or whatever, they're after secretions and the hygienist recommend, you can neutralize it with like, take a slice to lemon or lime anything alkaline. Yeah. Like citrus to a slice of lemon. Yeah. You put it on there to neutralize it. It's recommended for like people with colds. So it's not for that. Because they don't make any money off you. Yeah. This is the natural pathic method. That's the honey tube. Yeah. Speaking of honey, honey and lemon is also a good day. Any lemon? I'll share some of that online. I externally and internally also do warm water. Okay. I'll do all of those. Thanks so much. Okay. Michael Jordan saying, no, don't put it on. What are you holding your head to your temple? I thought that guy said it was so full of crap. Yeah. Do you think I was paying any attention to what he was saying? No. But he meant well. He meant well. Just like my doctor meant well. But my doctor told me absolutely nothing and then that leave. And that's why I'm talking about this because I'm desperate to hear it. How many times over the years have I done this and it works almost every time. Somebody out there will strike a chord and I'll say, oh, guess what? That happened to me and it was the analogy to some to the same medication you're taken by the way. That adolescent. And knowing that and believe in, I believe that. I believe that then and I believe that now like Marlon Brando said in Godfather 1. Two open lines in date, 5.6705. 60 in Pomp 5.60 on a mobile one line. He was Margate. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. I got a question. I want to throw to you that nobody seems to be talking about. Right ahead. After the November election, the moderate Republicans have gained a lot of power that did not be using. Why don't you think they're taking on the right wing for control of the party? Because obviously the right wing has got them under their thumb. That's pretty obvious. The right wing still controls. They control the Republican Party. Why do you think they do because that's it? Remember, I don't know. But I'm just telling you a fact. You can, you know, debate yourself like a cat chasing its tail. But the fact is that the right wing of the Republican Party is taking it over. If people would Alan Doucher would said last night. You think they're waiting for 2000? Waiting for 2000 for what? They get creamed. Yes. And it's going to happen. Okay, we got two. Look at that. Two lines left at a board here because Michael Jordan's a my mop mop mop mop mop mop. I don't want to hear it. Turn it off. I don't want to hear one more word from him. Okay. He's of no interest to me. I don't care if he retires now. Next, Lucas. It's of no interest to me. And let me see it again. 70% of the people in this country have got no interest in professional basketball. So I'll come everybody in there, brother. And I was all of a sudden because it's another media hype event. And the media is like it. A feeding frenzy to show you that their priorities are all straightened out. We got a bunch of rabid wright wingers trying to undo two presidential elections and overthrow the goddamn government. And in the meantime, they're worried about some, you know, seven foot tall basketball player. Jesus Christ, what a great country, huh? What a great God damn place. This is sweetheart. That's the American fucking way. You've got it, honey. They've counted his open 560, 5050, 50 on the mobile one line. Maybe we can get one of our pharmaceuticals to bring me into the cartasim or some other things like that. Not a good idea, guys. So what do you smile in a bot? This is serious business. This is a very serious business prescription drugs, high blood pressure, heart attack, stroke, things of that nature we're talking about. We're talking about a real doctor doing like real medical things. Here's a report, modern deal. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. That rest, getting the salt water. Salt water, yeah. And that helps everything. And I'm not. Well, what's that? I think the copper maple yesterday. And I'm putting on my new today. Okay, great. Congratulations. Whatever you say. Open line and grow it all three in date. 560, 505, 60 pound. I suggest you try the salt water. Sir, head first. A pound, five 60 on the mobile one line. I think the Atlantic Ocean is loaded with salt water. Little trip in there might do it. Clear your brains out. Clear your rectum. Here's a mobile in four, louder tail. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. The book that you were talking about, doesn't it? In quick get the name for diabetes one and two. Yeah. It was the, I want to get the Richard Bernstein Richard Bernstein diabetes solution. It's called. Bernstein. Right. Diabetes solution. There you go. Good luck, yes sir. Okay. One call off that a board. Now that's it. 560, pound, five 60 on the mobile one line. I'm playing Marvin J and Sammy Terrell through this program. And what else? The point. Can't fight with Michael Jordan. Baby, that's the. No calls on the board. I'm dying out of the air. I will bless the muscle with wrongly some Marie. Now we got a pair of Dr. Pamela Littries. I've been in my grave and I'm about to throw up. I can't get the ass. I got to get dug up. Oh, oh, oh. To. Yeah. I will malle you little rabbit in my house fell off. The cold in the grave I got a nasty car. Looking a pop pop a night. Buttercup, my boss. That's it. If I could get dug up. Oh, oh. To. Yeah. Well, I'll break his jaw and give him two black ass. He knows what's well through his original side. I'd please hear skin till he's all gone. I've been the mobile. I was here. But I saw so do me a favor. But you love me. Bring a back home to the cemetery. There's a lot of love and I've been to buy like out of beat us. But I can't. Unless I get dug up. Oh, oh. Yeah. Somebody's digging me. I'm 30 at five, 50 WQA. I'm sure. So when you take your blood test, you know what the levels you have. I've been see and various things. You know, and with all the respect, I got people who mean well, but I'm not interested in any goddamn nutritional supplements. Okay. Please. Thank you very much. I'm not interested in any nutritional supplements. I don't want to buy them in E. Buy them in P. Buy them in Z. Buy them in goddamn saw grass saw mill or saw root. Whatever that thing is saw palm metal saw your ass saw your rectum in the mirror. Man. It just makes you downright angry as soon as you. As soon as you mentioned, I liked that guy that called before that was give me the Yostan dance and they didn't have the foggy idea what he was talking about. This is one area. Once you get into this nutritional milk craft, man, you're all you can hear Donald cracking up the storm, baby. Here's what I call from Chicago. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Go away back with him to you with first heard you and came cold in 1970 and the plane jingles and I went nuts ever since. Yeah. And so my blood pressure went up so I started taking you to the ask. Is that what you're taking? Adelaan. Okay. The CNVAS stuff gives you a little bit of a cough that I didn't ask. Once a day and baby down goes to blood pressure. Well, I mean, I can't have just somebody over the phone for scrubbing something for my blood pressure. Everybody is different. I can't do that. No, no, I understand. But the doctor told me says, I don't all the stuff out there in general for everyone. When you say, it makes you cough a little bit. I never took anything for my blood pressure that made me cough. This makes you cough. Well, I'm not out of the why, what I want to do that. Who wants to take a prescription drug that makes you cough. It'd be great. Get out of the drug. It would not. Just kidding. I can start talking to 20 studies a day. It'll make me cough like Stan Major. I'll be out of business in a week. That's true. I understand Major. Yeah. Anyway, I was listening to you talking about that stuff and I got it here. It does work in one way. You got what? What are you talking about? Sir, are you heard me talking about what stuff? What you're talking about your high blood pressure and your pressure. What about my, my, my flush, my condition, the condition that I'm in. Because it condition that my physician is in. Oh, that's as long as you're right. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line in Chicago there. 5 6705 60 and power by 60 on the mobile. Yeah, he takes something great. Okay. Take it and have a great life with it and cough up a storm. Maybe make some cough a little bit. Here's something I'll make you cough a little bit. Somebody's foot in your rectum. My work. Wow. That was the doctor. He sticks his finger in your rectum. Does cough? Here's a mobile in four-labor day. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is my house from our little bit. My house window cleaning. Yeah. It's for the seven I'm calling the eyewitness to you for a while. There are, I agree. There are more important things. A Michael Jordan retiring. About cleaning. There are publications that terrible. But hopefully. Okay. Thank you. Miles for your first application. So, there are publications that are terrible. Write that down ladies and gentlemen. We have an open line as Broward, 560 and 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. Luckily, his phone connection was so muddy. There's no room for him to even visit this little place. Something window cleaning. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hey, Neil. Yeah, it's good. I don't have anything political or medical to offer, but you have found the debt I think I give you a ring. Yeah. One thing is, I like the stone, the Neil God. That is a knee, other Neil God. The stone? Yeah, he sounds like he's stone. Yeah, yeah. That's way cool. Orlando. The other thing I wanted to talk about this morning show, I just moved from the west coast where I could listen to Howard and my radio and adopt whatever he's on. So, I've been listening to this morning team and I think he's given this guy go the scene or whatever his name is. The bum wrap of the three sounds like the most intelligent. And, uh... Well, if you enjoyed Jolly, I'm happy to hear this. What are you saying? I don't have any of that name too. Can't listen to that voice, sir. Well, the only other thing I want to ask is, I think you're on your, uh, mental health. I think it's only when he's has to try and overtalk to you the two of it. No, no, you're wrong. No, I don't think so. I mean, I'll look guys away from him. Anyway, one other thing I'll ask you, one of football players scores at touch standing at the end. Okay, we have an open line in date, five six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's North Miami, hello. North Miami, with somebody wailing in the background. Okay, and have a great day. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty. Some like a, like we were, uh, killing a, uh, chicken on the front lawn. And maybe there was a little of a cockfight in high-alia. What was that from? It was you. It was me, what? It was the radio. Well, they had the radio blast in the background. It sounded like me in the middle of a cockfight. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty and mobile one line. I've been in a few of those. Here's a mobile in, uh, pop at a, hello. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Every time. You know, I was talking about real life. I just came back from Vegas. Yes. It was incredible. Okay. I've been there like three times already and like, and I always hear, you know, I was always talking about how it's a real town and it's real life and everything there. Yeah. And you just don't realize it until like you're there and you're partying scene. It's incredible. It was absolutely incredible. It was just like, it's always alive. You don't realize it. This town isn't really that alive. I mean, yes, right. I do a fly in there, especially at night, you just fly in and you see what's going on there's a lot going on. There's more than that. I mean, five minutes in there is you in 10 years. No matter what, there's always something going on. I mean, the food is impeccable. I just incredible. The matter where you go. But like at any time you want five o'clock in the morning, we got out of a club. I didn't mean to come to my 30 in the morning and it was just like, and then people still just like, hey, you know, and everybody's so nice and friendly. And that's, you know, they go out of their way. But at least, you know, if somebody does happen to bump in you to tell us, are you or is it walking by, is it high, if they catch your eye or whatever. Yeah. You know, it's just incredible. I love this. Okay. Great play. Congratulations. I'm going to be able to bring you the real world. Yes. Okay. Thanks for the memories. We have an open line in Broward, two in days. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, five, five, six, six, six, at a mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hollywood. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. I'm leaving for a big, it's week. And I wanted to find out if you'd ever been to one of the fights out there. If you ever know the fights out there, no, I have not here. I don't go to the fights. Oh, because I was going to be trying to get, uh, take it over to the fights and fight. Yeah. Yeah. That's worth it or not. So how was EMGM? EMGM is great. Have to get places to stay there? I would say that's the best place to stay. All right. Because I had, uh, reservations to there. But, uh, to the last half of the week, I was going to be traveling to Reno. I don't know if you've been out there. Yeah, a long time ago. I've been Reno's small potatoes. Yeah. Small potatoes. There's a bigger, bigger. Why would you waste your time in Reno when you go away to hell out there? Why would you why would you do that? I'm going to go to Loslin. I mean, what's the point? Ah, Loslin. I couldn't handle that. Yeah. Well, what's the point? Why do people go all the way out there from here, which is 8 million miles away? And they waste a couple of days or half of their time in, uh, in a, you know, a minor league joint. What's the point? Oh, I was going to try to do that. Maybe just try to fly into a California, try to do like a, a three feet out there. Yeah. Okay. I like you, sir. Pledge your brains up. Whatever that means. We have two open lines in date to it, Broward. 5.6705. 60 and pond 5.60 on the mobile one line. Here's a number of times. Hello. Pembert times. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is a Joe long time list of first time callers. Yes, Joe. I was calling about that, uh, Reptune that's booster, the Lewinsky and Kenna Star on all that. And I wanted to pick it up at the local store. Could you tell me, uh, you can't pick it up at the local store. Joe, have a nice day. Okay. One line left on a board and then we'll go to the, uh, Michael Jordan press conference, which is obviously going to go on for hours and hours and hours on in. And just destroy any chance we have to do with you here today. Thanks a lot, Michael. Why couldn't you do it like a 205? I've been good. I thought that would have been perfect. Why did two o'clock straight up and down? Right in the middle of the Neil Roger show described the size to make it. We're telling you, you got some guy damn nervous. Do you know how do you think you are? Open line and Broward all three and day. Five six of all, uh, all like I said one call on the board. Five six, seven, five, sixty and pond five, sixty on the mobile one line. What a bitter, pill to swallow this is even worse than the edlet. If I had the ability to do, I think you're out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. Do you fear your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew can't get that word for long ago. Not with the Lord, that another word's in hell. I don't know, I feel as though I'm not done. Can we come say a piece? Five is body, I don't remember. You fear that that Roman Catholic community is the nature of deaf ears bodies. Yes. All right. We have on the light and van eyes here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI in 64. How you doing? Good. There's a man, first of all, by some of my condolences to you on the lock with your nephew. Do you agree? Yes, I am. Yes. Okay. So I just want to let you in, correct by something for you, okay? Yes. So this is just, you've been missing from about the number of letters. Are you a detail? What is the dishing on on screen to what I believe is? And then you can draw your own conclusion. Are you a detail? The mystery of teaching is, and you draw your own conclusion. Let the father explain, okay? First of all, we believe that when you see communion, we see the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, so my God. Well, hold on man. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know when Jesus says, you eat flesh and blood. If you want to let the day probably have a fine. Oh, my God, everyone, call on a blind. This is our belief and you're drawing on conclusion. I want to promise. Ma'am, you got to let the father explain. Well, what I want to tell you here, I'm talking about it. What are the differences between this and this and this? This is like show razor, like cry, but it's a young man. Okay, do you understand? Because you've been missing from the bottom of what's happened to the nifty and the other. You eat the buck, you eat the whole damn thing. Excuse me? Don't you eat it? We're the whole, yeah. The host. But he speaks to her body on the man. Not now what I said. You said you eat the blood of the flesh. Of whom? Of the man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh, God. That is a blasphemy. Why did you tell me that? All I'm saying to do is influence the blood of the flesh. You don't want to give me anything in front. Do you eat the pain of duty too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what that means. What is this man talking about eating the Lord Jesus? What in finish? I'm just saying we have the same. The scriptures, man, were Jesus, good bread, and blessed and broken instead. Take this, I needed this, is my God. I needed this cup of wine, you said, take and drink this, is my blood. And again, he said, I'm not sure he's my body and he's my blood. I have no idea. I have no idea. Oh, my God. This is good Friday. Exactly. You're talking about eating the blood of Jesus. I don't know what we believe. You've grabbed on Jesus, Jesus. It wasn't just the belief that it's grab along our knees. If that is just the belief. And my most you've got about him. Get mad, as again. I'm not going to let you stand. I'm not going to let you stand. I'm not going to let you stand. I don't want you down, bro. The Catholics, Mac, don't you boy, huh? You're not going to let me. You're not going to let me. Yeah, I think you're actually a correct man. You're like, I'm kind of Negro Smogus, more go over there. Well, I'll tell you. Listen, if you know, if you're going there, I don't understand. I'm not going to let you stand. I'm not going to let you stand. I'm going to let you stand. I'm going to let you stand. Listen, Father, I thank you for checking the time. I really do. All right, man. You have a good effect. Well, you, you, you, you, pay for your sins. Well, I'm going to pay for that. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. And Mac, and I'm going to let you down. Brother, Brother, Brother, Brother, Brother. Oh, you can eat. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Ah. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh no. Oh you can meet me, bro. Oh God. So, I understand. We're thanking you for the rest. How far he sticks at 5.50, if you have a survival way, don't call George in abuse him or even abuse me, but you can do that if you want to if you want to get on the air, but you won't. About the fact we're not sharing this stupid ass Michael Jordan press conference. I mean, I turned out during the last commercial break about 20 second of it. He's talking about well, he's going to be taking his kids to school and watching them play ball and hey, great. That's very exciting, okay? Michael Jordan retired. He ain't going to be playing basketball in the more of the NBA's in big trouble because they just finished with their dance strike and they all want two way too much money and League must be in really sad shape if one guy retiring put it in such big trouble. And who gives a crap? Absolutely. People calling off the air abusing and be rating George because we're not sharing the Michael Jordan press conference. I'd like that. Unbelievable. Exactly. 5.6.705. 50 and 5.6. The un-mobile online. Here's a mobile and cool-per-city. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm surprised. And I can't even get the conference. You can go home. Yeah, right. Look at the bright side. I can go find a real doctor and get myself some new blood pressure and try to medicine and to clear this problem up. He sounded amazing. He's a great guy. I mean, you know, I'm looking for an answer. I'm looking to do something concrete and that's just sit around a wait for this to go away someday, which you'll maybe you'll maybe you won't. Well, since the topic today is herbal remedies. You take a garland. No herbal remedies, sir. Please, that's not the topic today. I'm not interested in, I do take garland. Yes. I think it's major than a biotic. I haven't been sick in a couple of years. Well, I take a coyola case. And it doesn't do me any good on this because I think the lady was went on the target on this. Well, it's supposed to be. If I hear anything about herbs or supplements before between now and two o'clock, I'm going to blow somebody's brains out and won't be mine. Well, if you eat it, if you eat it raw, it's going to be better for you. Yeah, and garlic too, okay. Thank you. Okay, we have an open line in the Broward and all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Oh, nail. Yes, sir. Yeah, I mean, you're right about this Michael Jordan crap, Bola. I mean, this stuff is ridiculous. I mean, who's either Holy Ghost? And then, Ellie. I mean, this is, I mean, I was retiring from all of some of sport, okay. I don't make it a production out of this like, oh my god, how is the world going to continue to be spinning around? I mean, I've gone blocked and then, you know, we had to have a good return. We had a little thing in the garden form that day. Right. That was it. You didn't go on this. You were going to lose here and make a big production. When Bill Russell retired, did they make a big son and answer like this? No, that's the thing about the new thing. And it was Chamberlain retired, did they make a big son and answer like this? No. They got all this airtime on these on these 24 hour networks CNN, ESPN, ESPN 2, ESPN 3 news. And so they have to fill the office a lot of crap. It's like a, you told about the sand down here. They were ridiculous. They don't know nothing about sport. Yeah, well, we already know that. I mean, I've been down here and, you know, I'm a big, I'm, I'm in the garden, the brewings. Yeah, you have to zero days. I mean, that's when I was very, too, the, you know, back then the Canadian, Yeah, you look for a lot of stuff. Yeah, well, I know what about it. Well, I'll keep you a floor. You were one of the greatest floor with the history. Yeah, great. Well, I'm happy for him and you two, I was probably what he was, Prague. We have an open line in Broward and all three in date, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Sorry about that. That's my anti-mantial Canadian anti-frug by showing. Am I really sorry about that? No. I'm very pleased that I said it. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing, okay? I'm going to recent and listen there first time caller. Okay. You're sure that's basically not a sports car radio. It is not a sports car. That's right. This is four hours a day when we give the QM audience a rest, a rest, but a brief rest from all of the incessant repetitions, the other 24 or 20 hours a day. Oh, I, I, I, I, I, I can obviously tell you hockey fan, but I'm wondering what's, what's your, what's your, what's your, what's your affiliation with the Toronto Maple Leafs? What do you mean what's the affiliation? I mean, you've seen the support them. I do. I'm a 40 year Maple Leaf fan, 40 years of it. That should come through or something, you know, 40 years? Well, what about the local teams? I support, what do you mean, what about the local teams? What does that mean? We're going to all the Panthers in and I move for the Panthers, except for they're playing the Maple Leafs. Okay. Do I have your permission to do that, sir? Sure. Okay. All right. How come the people prohibited from bringing up the dolphins, or, or the hurricanes, are anybody local? On what? On your show? Because it's not a sports show. You just got through saying it's not a sports show, and it's not a sports show. You understand, you just got through saying that. So obviously, you understand? Well, you talk about hockey, yeah. You know, because that's the New Roger show, and New Roger's is interested in the hockey. Guess what? I talk about what I'm interested in, and the other stuff you mentioned, I'm not. Thank you. Two open lines in bright day. You go try to figure that out. Are we going to fast for us, sir? Okay. Sorry. I'll slow down a little bit. One in one is two in your record. Here you go. Have a nice life. Two open lines in bright, all three in day. One call left on a board again here. This press conference is going to go on to midnight. Make no mistake about it. Because he has to be a news network. Too many. He's in a lot of time to fill up between two of the staff in him and two are clocked in all. Bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Bap. Jesus Christ. If you know something if Jesus Christ were on there right now, he wouldn't be good at it. If you were on at the same time as Michael Jordan making this return by press conference, Jesus would be preempted by Michael Jordan, right? Make no mistake about it. 5.670560 and Pomp560 on the mobile one line. I mean, I've been up against you, name it, anything in the world. the cake. This is the biggest and the best and most unbelievable. When this crap started while noon today, that was like the end of my life. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. So, hello. Mobile and tempered pine. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I really don't understand your beef. You have the best athlete ever, the most best possible player to play the game. And you're acting like you just couldn't anybody retire any. I think here. So, what ever does it make? What does it make? He's the best and most mediocre. What difference is to make he's a joc whose retirement. What does that do with anything? Nobody said you have to cover for two hours, but I will cover it for two seconds. Sir, I'm not interested in covering it. And if you're so concerned about a upcoming list of you this show. You're the typical, I'm not sure. Let me ask you again. How come you're listening to this show? If you want, I should have considered about Michael Jordan. Because this is a radio that is the sports network and unfortunately, we have your sorry, you bastard. Oh, Joe bastard, there you go. Okay. Well, I hate to break the news and I didn't know Michael Jordan was Jewish, huh? Jack asked. Open line and Broward. By the way, Hank Goldberg is Jewish and Jeff the forest is Jewish and guilty is Jewish and at Kaplan is Jewish, this is the Jewish sports network path. See you better get a ride. Okay. My glacier friend. My hair, my hearing, sucking friend. Here's Coral Gables. Hello. Hey, I'm the eye of your door. Sir, listen, I'm just getting over the moon too. But I have a question for you. Do you remember when Phil Henry did that Brad the guy? I don't remember when he first introduced him in this town went for listed on him. Do you have a copy of that copy of one? That whole show. No, I don't. Well, what do you mean the whole show? I'm going to start playing whole field Henry shows now? No, but it was great what he did that. I hate to break the news. Yeah. I love Billy's a great talent. He's a good friend of mine and he's sensational. Phil is not here anymore. No, that comes. I guess I just got through great, but he's not here anymore. This is the Neo Roger show. Phil Henry is not here anymore. And he's not coming back. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Bye. Was that the theoretical what? That was that was sad. That was tragic. You know, we could tape those show from the internet. Yeah, I'm sure he would have no problem. That was just played back and I stay also here and do the spots. And every now and double throw on a press conference, just to kill a time. And it's a man like I said before, I've said it a million times when Phil was here, except when he was doing a stick. He was I come in the he would come in the next day while I was on the year. Oh man, you have no idea what he was like he was psychotic because when he wasn't doing a stick, he couldn't buy a phone call. All these people that are kissing up to him right now, they wouldn't call him for a lot of money unless he was doing one of his voices. If I had a if I had a million dollars for every time, you said that to me. Here's a mobile and keep a screen. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, today, you are the show off saying that it's 25 you turned your radio off permanently because of the call you to Goldberg show. No, I didn't say that at all. I think because there was another press conference. Yeah, well, you were discussing with what you heard. It's a good thing you want to listen in 331 the same day. 331 the same day. You marked down the time. Absolutely. Okay. When I put it, I knew that it's happy to be able to listen. You're ready. It would not have been turned off. It would have been destroyed. A very heavily accepted young voice came on the phone and asked to hang something about the new perspective coach and the eagle and he told me never heard of him. And his next question, the heck was, what do you think the eagle's second draft choice will be next year? Uh-huh. Right. How about the people are called? How about people are called? How about people are called Pank and as cocky questions, when the man doesn't like the sport, doesn't follow it. I mean, what's the point? There is nobody who follows cocky in this town. Hardly at it. It's at me. It made you up there to on a maple leaf sample. I'm right. Now we're talking. Are you on fire? Right. I'm on fire. Right. I'm on fire. There'll be some of us there tonight with our maple leaf directed out of the eye. Maple leaf scams in the brood and the savers scams. Those are the only ones I'm willing to travel up there for. Okay. But I will be there with my maple leaf t-shirt on. I'll have a jacket. I'll see you there tonight. Okay. Go, let's go. Go, Bill, he would go. We have an open line at Grower at 560-705-60 and Tom 560. I knew he was a good guy just by the sound of his voice. Maple leaf fan. All right. How come you talk about the maple leaves? Because I'm interested in that. It's the orange. Okay. That little puss that called me for. That is having a tough time figuring it out. I talked about stuff that's of interest to me. Like my guy damn, uh, atleast. That's why. And if you find it boring, then go find some other toy to play with. That's all. Well, how come we could talk about this? Could you got 20 hours the rest of the day to rehash that same boring turd burger crap? Okay. Puts. Puts a lot. For and he's still talking on here. It's an hour. He's still. But a big smile on his post in that figuring it is a left ear. Oh, and by the way, it was an over set. I forgot Josh Friedman's Jewish two. It's so loud. It's a little louder. And look at him. That's so loud. He's a wonderful toy. Had a major win for him. Like so, here she is. And Friedman's two were. That's for him. He's winning lots of ready and stay there and the coveted win. That's for him. We're in hardwood snow. Just get him up for the jump. Boiler the rainbow. We can get him that time. Why been as a march? This friend is a gamer. The best. The best. He's won the sizzle. When they sign out he's saying six tricks. Oh, right. Watch your brains away. I'm down the floor. You're gay. Jordan is gay. Who's that? Jordan is gay. Where? Yeah. He's the only race track. Let's get the new bear. As the biggest band club. And he sucks to just like all Hoover. He's been no more for a guy than me. And his name is Michael. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. The whole is breaking out his whole suspension. And it's just gonna have his wearing red light, And won the sizzle. When they sign out he's saying six tricks. One of his friends away. I'm down the floor. Yeeeeay. Jordan is gay. Where? Moon. Jordan is gay. Okay. Don't touch me there. I'm just hitting the ground. I'm just hitting the ground. I'm just hitting the ground. You're just hitting the ground. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's 430. We got Kimbable camp. They're kind of like divving it up. And then at 6 o'clock, bootstool we're on for an hour. 7 o'clock the path of free games show 730. Panthers and the Toronto Maple Leaf. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. That's all these people. How come you're at Toronto fan? How come the world goes around? I'm just trying to figure out what it's all about. Before you open up a Vimalph and make a jackass out of yourself, sir. What you got a lot of company. And by the way, the bad news is the Michael Jordan press conference. I'm over. He's all done speaking out CNN. There's the president. There's some other jackass on it. They're talking out of their stuff now. How do you like that? We only kill an hour with that. But ESPN news make no mistake about it from 2 to 1 to 2. Maybe in 2 o'clock a week from Shivouis. Michael Jordan did this and Michael Jordan said that. But I'm not sure. But I said it went so on. And for the first time they'll reveal our national television. He is Jewish. Here's my me, Pete. And he's going to prove it. Yes, sir. I'm going to give you 2 vpans in a row. 2 one. 2 vpans in a row. 6 7 jigs and can end this year. He's going all the way. Yeah. I just want to ask you where your favorite garden is. Yes. Or anything. Watch it on TV. 13 to nothing went over Detroit 1971. I'm the Saturday night hockey night in Canada. 13 nothing. I'm too young for that. But I got tickets. The annual 30th. But the third last game against Washington. All right. So go. I hear the new Jewish fantastic by the way. The air can't have the center. Yeah. You'd like it in the pack window. They got a special lot. It's not system for the Garce. Yeah, right about that. Pat Quinn is gone by the way. Yeah. All right. You tonight. Okay. We have two open lines. One day, one in power. Two got all the leaf fans coming out. Come on out tonight. Okay. We'll do that. Go. Let's go. Come on. We'll do that. We're going to do that tonight. No. Yes. We are. Kick the crap out of this. Terry Murray. I'm going to tell you they blew them out of every place. It's been before. Eventually you'll do the same thing here. Once you catch on to him. Oh, you were five minutes late for practice. You're going to have to sit down. Oh, you came to work with a hang nail. You're going to have to sit down young man. Because I'm going to muscle you into a lunch. He's benched just about everybody on a goddamn team except for the fear heard. God is juvenile. You need him. Everybody else has been benched and intimidated. Shouted at made a fool of. It's said. And so on. Give me your break. Okay. Like this guy's deal with a bunch of five year old. That's the level on which he operates. And then when somebody asks him about well, could we get Brian Browder? Could we get Paul Velberry? Well, I have nothing to say about it. I don't know about it. It's about the brother. It's the spokesman. You only want to ask you to do with that. He's got nothing to say about it. He's only the coach. Here's a pay phone and Miramar. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, was that by any chance to record that 13 nothing? Any shell record? No. Okay. No. I'm glad you enjoyed my practice. I sent you yesterday about Larry Flint and about to be old. Yes. Thank you very much. That's okay. I knew that one was coming. You didn't watch it last night on Larry King. I watched Larry King. You know something I haven't had one call about that all day. Well, here's what you're sure and watch it. I didn't even know Bob Bar was going to be on the beginning. And did they watch it? No. And now one call on that. I can't believe that. Well, what is this audience do? Where were they? What were they watching? Okay, were they watching their naval? What were they doing? They're too busy beating their kids. Oh, okay. I didn't watch it. And Larry did grow a small pair last night. Yes. I mentioned that the beginning today. Larry did a good job last night. The boss had this guy. This guy is far just continuously skated around the whole. He's kind of heating up enough his mouth. The whole would get deeper and deeper and deeper. He didn't, you know, he said that he didn't encourage or force anyone to have an abortion. Yet his name was on the check. Right. He'd roll for there. Right. And they have a copy of the check. Right. So here it is. This big anti-abortion advocate. Okay. He stands up in front of all of his peers and tells the entire world how bad a boy is. Yet he's just his guilty. Right. And that's, you know, the whole thing with Larry. He ought to tell you one thing. The public, they can forgive an adult's word because most of them are a adult or is anyway. The one thing most people don't like is a hypocrite. Somebody who says one thing and doesn't know does something else. And I'll tell you what. This whole thing with the Larry Flint, you know, ten years ago everybody said, look, it's really sleazy. Don't take up dirt. But you know what? The guy is saying, look, we need to expose this because it's getting completely out of control. And what's happened. And he's just trying to expose these hypocrites. I like that. Yeah, I do love it. You know, I got eight more to go. He said eight more to go and they're all peeing in their pants. Exactly. Listen, I also, I think you've something about that anti-abortion website. Yeah. And I want to become a chronic. But there was one paragraph in there on that website. Okay. Now, mind you, these are all good Christians as you call them. Yes. These people are supplying the names and addresses and business addresses. Not only all of the abortion doctors country wide, but also their families all the way down to their grandchildren. Well, they, yeah, that's pretty alarming because I think the word for that is hit list is the term for that. It's not. Exactly it. And so now you've got this with the same wealth for speech, blah, blah, blah. But the thing is, you know, you got that cycle that's still up in the mountains of North Carolina. But if you get to catch, there's a lot more people out there like that. So what do you say, you know, the grandchild is some doctor. I mean, they're going to kidnap them or help. Well, the good news is they got my new passport, the big tick went in the mail yesterday. So that's the good news. Well, good. And in closing, it is the shame that Tidomi is out injured tonight and more L is bench because I'll tell you what I would love to see the mix up on that. I'd love to see Domi kick the crap out of Miss Lala to see. Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. We have an open line in Broward, 5605, 50, 560 on the AT&T and wireless blinds. Look at that. We got some people back down the Michael Jordan beat on speaking. And I'm not going to get excited about to understand that I'm way off out of different way like and like I've told you before. I'm delighted. I am proud. I am proud to be on a different way from from the mainstream. I'm ecstatic that I don't give a flying crap about Michael Jordan and I'm not going to sit here and pretend that I do. I'm not going to put on an act for you. I couldn't give a flying crap less if whatever happens to him. I wish you all the best in the world with his billions of dollars and good luck to him. Have a great life. Well, look at the nice comeback at the stock market. And that's that is up 13 to that was only down 80. I know that I want to get like Rick Riley, but looked like it was going to be a real bad day today. Not too bad. And the three hours to go. And we'll tell you something right now and you can mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys. Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Oh, right. I just got out of home. And took a hit and woody. I collect cheap and junk. And you're so much you then make brownies filled with hair. And woody sharing with you this and the same. Those high-spon heads and yeah. Yeah. Party is breaking yeah. Yeah. Party is good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why does God slow the cannon bars? No, can't pass my phone or glass. Yeah. Yeah. I know back up. Oh, right. Just in and those is getting so old. On a great atmosphere. To get some better. You know, bro. I'll talk to those down back to take home. No. No. No. No. One 16 at five, 60. WCM just in case you missed it live. They're showing reruns now. Replays and the little inserts of a crap from Michael Jordan's press conference on CNN. Just in case you missed it live. They're showing crap and then some more crap and some more crap. Yeah. They've got a lot of books of other stuff going on the world in between. But this is obviously going to go for hours and hours and hours and weeks and months on it. Forget about their impeaching the president. Forget about that stuff. That's more potatoes. Forget about Larry Flint. Forget about Larry King. Uh huh. Here's a mobile and four-lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes sir. I listen. I just got over like, I don't know, four days of almost constant fever. And I went up with a rash myself. Yeah. And a fever. I think it was like a heat rash and it's probably fungal. It's I had something like that when I ran track in high school. There's a fungus among us. I believe so. Yeah. I'm just going to spray my groin or region with some desiccnex. I'll give you some dry groin. This is on my post. Not on my groin. But that's a great day. Okay. We have an open line in Broward and one in date. Five six seven oh five sixty. Maybe he had it on his post. If five six seven oh five sixty. And five six three on the AT&T wireless line. Here's. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. My hysterical. We have two open lines in date five six seven oh five sixty and prom five sixty on the AT&T wireless one. As our friends in the Hispanic community continue showing the other shadow about the enormous contribution that they've made to this community and this radio show over the last 23 years. No question about it. Couldn't have made it without him. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Mr. Neil God. Yes sir. Are you doing tonight? Okay. I'm sorry. First of all, I'm going to suck around and just give you a compliment. I apologize. I'm. I'm the half of Florida. I apologize for the college. Those that call it the previous one. I would see don't have GEDs. I don't think. And those that make sense. Give you a conversation on the phone. Yeah. And the second thing is I'm. I work at a company where about five of us. We're sitting in Cuba. Of course. Whatever. And we all listen to your show. We just can't call in. Right. You know, this is a lot of people that are going to go and home. And here's some more men next to me with your station on. So it's out there. But people just can't get. You know, get to you. They can't get to me. And then why do things just come in for Hollywood residents? Yeah. Rosa Lopez has got the Virgin Mary there. So Rosa, the 30th, I forgot it. So when did the 13th of Virginia Mary, you probably put a spell on me. That's why I got the the a crowd. Yeah. It's all blocked. You can't even get through. It's ridiculous. Beauty. Everybody there. Well, I'll tell you one thing. For us a Lopez could even. Upstage Michael Jordan, you know, she's got the real thing. That's right. Five bucks ahead. You got it. All right. Have a great day. Yeah. We have an open line in Brian. It's the 13th of the month. Maybe Rosa Lopez. Thank God there's no superstitious assholes out there running around to see Jesus come up on that Tothina's pizza every 13th of the month at the Rosa Lopez. Or is it a flower through a tea I believe now? Yeah. Tothina's, I think, went out of business. So now it's a flower tortilla. That the Virgin Mary shows her put on every 13th of the month. I'm sure many of you would probably have a long way to see the Virgin Mary's post. Where we go, let's go to highly yellow. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. First I caught a long time, isn't it? All right. Okay. I'm Kim and American. I now want to look for bigs. Love you, show. Okay. I want to call you and talk to you. I can believe that we do this to a person who's in that state. I mean, did that not hurt. What do we do? Do this to the person who's in that state? What are you going to say, yes? I mean, you know, we, try to get this guy out of power. I mean, for something that is everybody does. So I mean, I just don't want to think, you know, how can a country so big? We don't need more than all this power doing this with the president. Yeah, because they don't want to grow up, sure. They're about your hypocritical asshole. That's why. I mean, do you imagine this doing any other country? No. Exactly. You know, so I mean, that's basically it. And I'll be showing and kids good at good work. And after him, you'll be this. Thank you. See you. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, or five, six. You can do a magazine is going on in any other country. The world of the head of the country. And I do mean head is getting a few blow jobs. And right away, they're trying to throw them out of the office. No chance. No way Jose, baby, only in America where we had this. And I've been talking about this for years. And you always think I'm exaggerating. And then these guys come on here. All these talking heads, all these experts. And they repeat words for word, but I haven't said on here here for years. About an attempted bloodless school by a group of maniacal right wing fanatical hypocrites is what it is. That's exactly what it is. An attempted lynching by a group of maniacs, all of whom have got skeletons rattling around in the closet that you couldn't even begin to understand. But you'll find out. Here's Papeno B. Chillow. Yeah, Neil. Just like to comment on Larry Flynn and the whole thing going out at the clinic. First of all, it's not about sex. Because that's all you left wingers want to say. It's about sex. All you left wingers here. It's about lying under road to a federal grand jury and a her a deposition. In addition, you said the mention that Larry Flynn's offering $1 million. It's always people that come out. You don't think Papar's wife have a little motivation, maybe, to embellish the facts. No, not at all. In fact, he didn't do anything that you said. Let me say it again. Are you want to have a conversation or not? Because it's not absolutely. No, you don't. No, I did. Did you see him on television last night? Yeah, look like a vegetable. Who? Larry Flynn? No, I'm talking about. Oh, he looked like a vegetable because he got shot in his in a wheelchair. Thank you, sir. I'm a great wing friend. He looked like a vegetable because somebody tried to kill him because he's a pornographer. Some good right winger, just like us are tried to kill him. Okay, would like a bullet and that's why he's a little look like a vegetable asshole. They have the receipt for the abortion clinic. They think I think I got that good shot. And they got him nailed the cross. Okay, Bob Bar. But don't confuse this guy with the fact that it's not about sex. It's about lying under road. Like anybody else in the world would do a special person in his position. And like I said, they spent $50 million of our taxpayer money and tried to dig up the goods on air. We got their goddamn thing that they're living in. And then it could they get anything? No, they did not. And it wasn't interesting. Wasn't a convenient that can the star who's supposed to be so non-committal and right down the middle. Wait until after the election was over before he finally got there. And further house to this year, a committee said, Oh, no, there's a clean slate there. I'm filed gate and a travel gate and white water and anything else you can say. We can't find anything. President or his wife. But waited two weeks until after the election was over before he bought the dimension that just out of convenience. Here's a mobile and Margie. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neo. Yes. I don't understand what all the big hubbub is about. Michael Jordan, they didn't make all this stink on Mario or New retired. That's right. Well, I just was wondering about that. Have a good day. And back to you. Well, you see the media, I guess things are a little bit boring now. We've only got the impeachment or a president going on. So I must have, you know, and we're still looking for John Panese killer. So they don't have much new news on that. So the media as, you know, then and like I told you years ago, and it's the one that happened. The OJ thing opened up a hole. It opened up the flood gates for this obsessive in session for MSNBC and for CNN and CNBC. They just opened up the flood gates. And so, no matter what it is, if they think that they can milk it for every damn dollar they can squeeze out of it, they do it. On and on and on and on. Let me say it again. Maybe they probably the greatest basketball player who ever lived. I give him this do no question about it. Very exciting guy to those people who cared about the NBA, which most people don't. But he was the basketball player. And he retired. Wow. Oh my god, are you kidding me? The world has still spinning around. I can't believe it. How are we going to get out of bed tomorrow morning? Michael Michael motorcycle. I don't know, hasn't affected my life. I'm worried about how to get the flush out of my neck. That's all I care about. About getting the prescription for my high blood pressure medicine. That's a lot more important to me right now. Staying alive and worried about God they're Michael Jordan and his millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars. Which he's not going to miss any meals. He's doing okay. Here's Hi Alia. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, hello. Okay. Long time listen. I was wondering, is Michael Jordan thinking that really ridiculous? I hope he's not retiring. I'm just a change of numbers again. Every retire and new number. Yeah, that's right. I never forget all about that. Yeah. I'm real curious about the songs that you play in the radio. Do you write the lyrics to the songs that you write them? Crazy people, right? Crazy people. Listen, my daughter. We've been walking away in a cage and we let him out on the weekend to be court. My brothers don't hear from Toronto visiting. He's been talking to me who's taking the panters in tonight. Yes. You still got those tickets. We're giving away. I went to clapping. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. See you tonight, pal. Okay. Fork over the box and cut the crap. Two open lines in date, what in Broward 567560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Book of Brian. This came in. He's got some blood pressure medication for me. Yeah. No, sure. I think I'm just going to start to find somebody else's pills and start popping those. And then see what my doctor says. I think the lead is called from plantation. Probably saved my life that lady. Thank you sweetheart. If you're still listening, thank God for you. The one person out there who knows what I'm talking about and who cares. And isn't here. I'm talking about the herbal list and saw grass that and, uh, oh man. Saw palm middle. Saw, saw, saw, saw it on the palm middle. Saw your echo on the palm middle. It was pretty ugly too, by the way. Simply. 1 26 at 560 WQAM. Bills the cars and Monica's the China. Oh. She left out a gigo. When he made him way gold, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. The garland herb is dry and she's all mine. It is so hard. I don't know where a stove is, I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human horse. And then I can saw the sun's seater back, means saw her naked. Stars are partly to go in blind. That's when he was working hard. Late nights in the olden reopens. Working on a practical job. Each open-match and noodle put an explode in. Loaded for mine and her was blowing, rings the smoke. She's like a smoke. They're still the girls and my neck's a janna. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way growl, my neck is not the kinda. You can do it in the rehab. But a cigar and herb a janna she's all mine. For people feel that Hillary's been made a fool up by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the Lincoln bathroom she was moaning, moaning out. For was doing her with bills all bond. Out of rageous. Feel the guys in Monica's vagina. All right. She left out the giggle. Every frigging silently makes their way go. Monica is not the kind. You can do it in the behind, but us the guy in her vagina. I'm just a bitch and I really get my canner's in a while. You have done nothing, it's nothing. Oh yeah, I've done nothing. What you got to do is take a sip of real love. And put it in the frown, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And do all that, let's become a woman. Oh yeah. Why do I make your bulletin Michael Jordan return from basketball? Oh my god. 132.5. 162. I can't wait for Barry Jackass's call. The sports station didn't put this on the air. This is a disgrace. We ought to have a congressional investigation. Let's get Ken Star on top of it. Here's Dave the couple. Stick him on him. Are you doing? Okay sir. Happy New Year to you. Go back a few years when they when they all the hypocrites in the Republican party were Picking on Clinton in the military and all the issue that he drafted in all that. Was it? Well wasn't it until they found out that Phil Graham, Russell and Bond New Gingrich didn't share a view there when they couldn't. And that bad Robinson was so far behind lines in Korea that he might as well have been in Hawaii. Yeah. Yeah. He was too busy impregnating his will be why. Yeah, well Bob Bois should be in a portion too, right? He is. Well, you probably read about that. Listen anyway. You never met a clan rally he didn't like. Yesterday you somebody who's mentioned a pope coming to the scene. Lewis and the summer. I screwed the cardinal thing to let him to power hitter. Good question. Yeah. He had told Ken how the cardinals I'll tell you that. Hey you never know. From the gratne. Going to the macarena. Which is the best way to go once you hit the sawgrass. From the gratne. Or taking the gratne. Let's say the gratne. I guess to the Paul Meadow or something. What's the best way? Oh, you got to come up the sawgrass. Okay. The best way. I mean the only way that I know is to get off it sunrise and then go up to. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Okay. Leave me. And one final note in honor of the big news of Adam the light card. With Taylor and Charles Nelson Riley's birthday. Can you please pick it up. Freeway. Have a great day. Thank you. Yeah. What do you ask for? No. We have an open line in day five six seven. Five six. On the 18th. Wireless line. Here's a mobile and wise palm beat. Tell us. Take it up. Take it up right now. Yeah. We've lived in a little bit. Yeah. Just to get in life further. Okay. Take it out. You fool. Okay. Hello. Yes. Oh, yeah. What's going on over there? So you have some kind of a word you know what? Where are we sticking at cigar? No. That's good. What is it? No. No. That's not something very important in words while I mean we'll call you back another time. Okay. No. No. I'm not sure. Did anybody mention about that? I'm a shindler guy with the worst draft thing. But with the one? The guy that does the best draft and worst draft of 98 or some that? No. Okay. He mentioned something about Linda Tripp. And he said that Linda Tripp looked like a sheet dog drift and drive. I think that all dog lovers all over America ought to protest. We ought to pick it up and say that. That's all I had for you. Okay. Thank you very much. You're going to go back to whatever time like you were having a good time. Okay. Good score. Open line and Broward 5 6705 60 and Pomp 5 60 on the AT&T where I will explain. It's obvious you can tell just by looking at Lucy and Goldberg and Linda Tripp. You can see what well adjusted wonderful great human beings they are. Right. Am I right about that? Oh, what? I don't know what it is. I'm just a little on the, I'm looking over here and I'm not even seeing straight. Here's a mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Mobile and haven't sure. Neil? Yes sir. Okay. I just wanted to say to all my ultra conservative friends that they might want to wrap themselves around the idea of just loosening up their butts a little bit. You know, breakfast. Yeah. Just think about this. I mean, they keep saying, it doesn't have anything to do about sex. Well, how does it not have anything to do with sex? You know, the thing with Clinton. The whole thing is they were looking for a way to nail them and they caught him with his pantaloonies down and they put him in a position where he, you know, was damned if he didn't then would if he wasn't there was nothing else he could say, but try to be evasive and a play award games. Hey, everybody knew that. They wanted an element of the corner and then much of their dismay they find out that most of the American public didn't care and they still don't care if he's screwing around. Yeah. I mean, they've been trying everything to got involved and started with white water. I mean, we're the indictments. There's no indictments. No, I'm not against him. Not against the Hillary swirlory, right? And so monocleulence, but it's not about sex. Exactly. Have a great day. Hey, don't confuse them with the facts, okay? I mean, no matter how good the economy is, no matter how what's going on in the world or matter how many people are working, don't confuse them with these things. Because this is a bad guy and we know that good Christian right wing Republicans don't do these things unless we're able to find out about it. I say, let's end. And then let me say again, that Jack asked that called before such a typical asshole. Well all you look wingers, are they? And this is your Larry Flint look like a vegetable. No, no, it'd be like my comment on here. I think Chris Reeves looks like a vegetable, okay? Or play in some stupid comedy bit about Chris Reeves and a wheelchair? 23-2-5-60-WQ-A-M. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Coming soon to a theater near you. Chris Reeves is Superman. Superman 5. Well Tom, the man, the man quit to me, oh, but it's drowning. Hey, here comes Superman, here he comes. He's in a wheelchair. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Cool. Okay, Wrong German. Oh, oh, to wait. Yeah. Yeah, man to call you Superman. Get outta here, you freak. Oh, oh, Clark. Nothing happening. Get on top of the door. Oh, Jack. Oh, I'll call you. I'm nothing happening. Get on top of the door. Oh, Jack. Ow! I, the evil son, have finally figured out a way to defeat Superman. Oh, with, with Captain Wright. No. Spits. I'm just... No, no, no, no, no. To demand fire, the search for a bigger doorway. Rolling into a theater near you. Look, I said, if I were to play something in this piece, wasn't that they would be like calling Larry, I swear, the vegetable. I don't even be a real bunch of crap. We have an Opalonid day, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Fund. Michael Jordan, we tear her back to ball today and break her. No. Thank you. Here's my me, Lake. Silly. Hello, hi, you know. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I was wondering, when you were trying for you, do you think a QAM will give George your show? I have no idea. Could I think you, you guys, the making of them are very good to ourselves? We have one? You don't see it. Oh, George does, yeah. Well, they'll be doing the show Monday for Martin Luther King Day. Yes, I can't wait to get on the show on Black History, yeah. If I am African American, by the way, and I do not know you're black, not African, but please don't say that. I feel so bad when you say that. Why? Because there's no such thing. My parents were born in Africa. What do you mean, does that make? And I have an African one after me. Yeah, what do you have an African first name? No. Oh, see, there you go. No. So, I can't wait for that show. And, uh, I'll come in about the present, you know. Yes, sir. I like the present a lot. I think it's in a great job. Yeah. I mean, like you say, if you don't have a lot of enemies, and they're looking just to bring them down. I mean, if you sneeze, there's one looking at Black and that. I mean, when did think he'd just be a little more careful at what he does? Exactly. A little careless than the desperate one. You were to the ice-punches and haven't got laden for ten years. You tend to be careless and dust for you. You tend to get it wherever you can, whenever you can. You don't understand? Well, it was for. It's all that's right. Play that bitch. And now she's going to be senator from New York. They're saying it in 2000. How do you like that? Not. Have a right to say, pal. Okay. That was a wonderful black collar. Please don't say African American. I'm begging you. Stop saying that. All my brothers and sisters. And whatever you are out there, stop saying that. Two open lines in date, five six seven five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Just spread the word. Okay. That's an evil thing invented by the white man that whole African American lie that the bull crab. And I had Alex Haley on my show. By the way, he's not feeling good right now anymore. He was white. Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm going to tag an Irish American. Uh-huh. I'm a Jewish Polish Russian. Uh-huh. I wanted to make a point about three million dollar calls and said it's not about the sex is the fact that he lied. Oh, you. They have no right. They keep hearing the same line with Turkey. Yes, go ahead. I was going to say they have no right even asking them those questions under. Of course not. What kind of a thing is that? What kind of talk about a porno show? It can start. Well, uh, where did she put the word as he put the cigar? It was at a typical roll. What are we talking about here? It's against the law. And I'm going to how many states that sex with your wife or whatever and any other position in missionary. Well, I ask you that. And by the way, adultery is a misdemeanor in the state of Georgia. So Bob Barr is a criminal. I think everybody should know that. You know, which leads me to the question. Why not deny? Why did he have the attorneys even let him answer these questions? Yes. That's a very better chance. How do you like that? I'd like to go to show you how many crappy attorneys there are in this country. When you're the president of the United States and you still have crappy attorneys. What does that tell you? Yeah. Well, I think they're in on it. And by the way, you remember that the Bob Bennett was a big fat bill Bennett's brother that Bob Bennett was the first thing you don't have in scene, namely, right? Yeah. Well, see, I hope Larry Flynn brings them all down. And I'm a registered Republican, which I'll be changing my party. So you'd be. Have a great day, pal. You too, pal. There's another register to Republican. He's changing that baby because he's fed up. He's pissed off and fired up or however that goes. He's had it. Would he have hypocrisy of these? And see, that's where this all came from. That's where this all comes from. It's better concentrating on the important things on the business of the country and try to make life livable for everybody a little bit instead of worrying about that. Well, we got to condemn. We're holier than now. We're better than the word good Christians after all. Oh, for like a totally different hundred years. As soon as somebody tells you that start laughing you ass off and one like a son of a bitch. And grab your passport real tight and squeeze it. And the passport, too. This whole movement, man. The whole thing is sick and twisted and pathetic. Just like these assholes that call this show. Oh, well, I'm a Christian and the Christian coalition. We're going to have you off there. Why? Why aren't you out there helping people going to the hospital and helping sick people? Why are you out there raising money for charity for people who need your help? Instead of worrying about giving, getting somebody off the ear who has the audacity to express something that you don't like. Oh, wow. Yeah. And by the way, it's the 13th of January. Am I off the area now? No, I'm not going anywhere sweetheart. That bitch. Remember that bitch? From the Christian coalition. Oh, yes, you'll be off by the end of the year. You're finished. No. You're going to be in that lake of fire sweetheart. Going to be a hot time in the old town tonight. Tonight afternoon, you talk about a little burning rash on a chin. Your post is going to be burning for centuries. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Are you done a long time with Mary for a time call? I saw this show yesterday with Larry King and the guy. Bob Barr. Yeah. The one thing that was missing was someone yelling out. It was, it puts the embryo in the basket. That wouldn't be bad. I don't know. One quick favor? Yes, sir. Have you already played that lime in the coconut farm to that particular phrase? Lime in the coconut. Yeah, but the lime in the coconut and drink it all up. Lose it. Put the lotion in the basket, huh? Oh, lotion. I can play that one. I think I was going to play it now. I didn't get around, but I will. If you get around that, I appreciate that. Okay. What do you say? Put the stiff in the basket. How's your tomato doing by the way? See, the Michael Jordan thing is just like the Jordan thing. They were important well known celebrities who die every day. Especially when they get to be 85 and they changed both all their lives and they got one along. You know what they got some problems? But Jordan Mangeo was sick and he was in the hospital and he was dying over there. And all of a sudden, the media became psychotic about this. Every five minutes, we have to add another update. Oh, yeah, that would be him and I had a bad BM and, you know. And then he finally even got sick of it and said, cut the crap already. And they said, okay, we haven't heard a word about it since. In fact, I feel better just not knowing that I'm not hearing about it. I mean, I know it's tough to accept, but someday Jordan Mangeo is going to cloak. And it's just the same thing with Michael Jordan. Okay, he's not playing anymore, okay. Life is going to go on. There are a lot of people really upset because, you know, financial, you may have heard of him in a pocket. But you know, something will probably make more money for these people in the long run than ever before. Like that Mark McGuire baseball, it was auctioned off over $3 million last night that they had to interrupt the regular news to stick that on by the way on CNN. Oh, yeah, that was big important stuff. So maybe Michael's balls will be worth a lot more now than they used to be, huh? Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal, hello. Yeah, hey, Neil, you're doing it. Okay, sir. Good. I'm a first time follower and enjoying your show today and I'd come in on the Clinton situation. Actually raised in a fairly conservative Republican family. And I got last election. I actually voted for Clinton. I'm so sick of these right wing Christians that are ruling in our damn country. And not where we're going to be. I'm going to the Republican Party and now they're trying to destroy the whole guy damn country. Yeah, they are. They're ruling in everything. I mean, I was over in Europe for the holidays and, you know, people are laughing at us. Yeah, embarrassing that the goddamn president can have a private life. Get a damn blow job. Who cares? The whole country does not care about it except these right wing Christian Republicans. And then we're going to find out that they're getting more blow jobs than anybody exactly. And then he gets a lot of crap. But the main thing is why the hell won't these senators and representatives vote for what the public wants? That's what they're supposed to be doing. Because you don't understand. I mean, the fixes in the pressure is so tremendous from all the money that's behind with Richard Melon's cape. And with all these right wingers who put Ken Star up in the first place, the pressure is so enormous behind them. I mean, it's like an out football game. You drive 98 yards down the field. You get to the two yard line. And, you know, why do you still have a breath? You're not going to give up at that point. That's the way they look at it. They've got to, they figure they got them right on the ropes and they're not going to give up easy. Hey, Ken Star should be putting jail for $50 million. He's spent all this crap. You know, the country. And if you read it here, if you didn't see it in the hero this morning or read it before their lead editorial was what on target. This man is a terrorist. Yeah, I believe that. I'll tell you. I hope it changes. I don't think it's though the public really revolts. We're going to see the same crap going on. I mean, they can go out and blow up abortion clinics, kill bifers and that's okay. If you've got to understand Michael Jordan, we've got to get our priorities in order. Yeah, really. I've got to tell you something's wrong. Hopefully we can change it. I appreciate your comments. Have a great day. You too. 151 is 560 WQA. And we have an open line at Broward 560. But we're going to solve the problems of the political business. We're going to solve the problems of meals of the thing on his neck. We're going to solve all the problems of the economy. We're going to solve the problems of Brazil and the stock market. We're going to, are we going to do those things? No, it sounds good. I could just be a little more like Mike's signal up there in Seattle and be a sanctimonious ball headed geek like Mike's signal. Nine minutes are like poker blind. Nine minutes before, well, just the ball headed part. Geek part. Nine before two at five 60 WQA. I knew he was sitting back there. Well, he likes the attention. He likes this dimension. The other way is he got his check. He's got a little hair on there too. I think what's your name, so to and on.