Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Sports Loderdale presents the Neil Rother's show. Oh my God. Talk to Neil, call 567-056. Okay, Nick Ray Bradad, Broward, or pound by Zlongan J. Don't vote. The opinions of Neil his guest, Pauler's, or anyone else on their show. Oh, that's a fairly reflect those of WQAM, be easily read at positions or the beacley broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-QA, I'm dying of a hair. I can't remember if I'm talking about the Saturday news. You come on for me and I'm just putting things in my head. And it's time to talk about the feeling of a day new year. Nothing's about me, I don't think you know. I'm on the way. I can't see. Should I get on day? The youth would go and share this with me. If I'm free, you'll end up friends on the day. She was 25 but she's just a team. I've been my life, I'm pretty happy. I've got a perfect day because I've got a perfect day. My butt doesn't think you're well. Oh, my show. She's underage. She's okay. She's okay. Okay, there's one heterosexual male in America that hasn't yanked it to that Britney Spears video yet. Oh, no. I'm at the age of 100, at least 10 or 3 or 5, 60 WCM got bad news today. I should just play that for four hours. I love that. I'm smitten by Britney Spears thing. Have you seen the video now? Have you checked out the part of the crotchia rearranging signal? No, I haven't. You haven't seen that? I'll leave them to you on again. In fact, there's a movie coming out after the crotch in the hood. I'm serious. It's a very provocative thing. It's like a little kind of a throwaway thing in there. Why do they do that? Why do they do that? To mess up the minds of our young people and to get them all wild up again. To get them all worked up into a sexual frenzy. Is it they need any help? So let's see some more scenes like that. Oh, by the way, Joe Costello's not here today. It's the 10th of the month. So he's either home shaving his nuts or working on that. You're in a reflow problem. One of the other, maybe both. You think that might be it? The latter, I think. That might be it. So bad news. And of course, this is really inconsequential to most of you because most of your Johnny come late, least, have only been here about five minutes since you got off your banana boat or how are you came in and you don't know who Dave Dixon was. Dave Dixon, if nothing else, let me just tell you this, he was fat. Okay. I don't want to get started on that again. In fact, fat boy came in here again, pushing food this morning. What a surprise that is. Ready for the game tonight? Yeah, I'll say I think four enough in Sabre sound good. Okay, great. By the way, you want some, my y'all. And he starts pushing food because fat people love pushing food. Have I told you that a million times before? It's not important that you succeed, but the your friends become a fat or even better than you are. That's what that's all about. So Dave Dixon was fat. In fact, you know, we used to have two late night guys on TV who were very popular here. Late night, they had kind of a cult following and they both were tragantically fat and now they're both. Oh, I did. Big Wilson was one. We're just talking to you. You know, something we were just talking about him was yesterday. That's some of both about there who's haven't been in a cocoon somewhere. He's been doing a rip and winkle for 20 years calls in. Whatever, I've been out of town. Whatever happened to Big Wilson. Oh, he's dead. Oh, it's you. See, it's not always not a good idea to ask about the people that you're not really familiar. Like, oh, how is grandma doing? Oh, she's been dead for five years. You know, I'm not a good idea to ask questions like that. Anybody in this audience, remember Dave Dixon? Oh, come on. And I want to thank whoever facts this to me. By the way, it's also in the hero this morning. And if you put the two of them together, the two orbits, you got a story. Sent by David Rice. Was that our friend David? David Rice? Perhaps. Oh, but then you write the it's a WXYT personality. Here's the, uh, open. Radio pioneering WXYT host. Dave Dixon passed away over the Memorial Day weekend. He was 60 and boy was he ever. Tough to look at. Oh, fat. He was gigantic. He had 85 chains. Harold says Dave Dixon who hosted one of software pioneering all night television shows in the late 1970s died over the weekend and Detroit end again, a collective career as a hit songwriter radio disjockey, talk show commentator and crummudgeon. And that he definitely was. And if you want to know, I don't use that word a lot, but if you want to know the definition of the word crummudgeon, look it up in the dictionary and Dave Dixon's picture is right next to it. It's on a big page, by the way, because it takes a lot of space for Dave Dixon's picture. Dixon 60 died after his video show Saturday night. Friends found him at his warlock. Michigan home dead of an apparent heart attack. In South Florida, Dixon was the beloved host of the all night show on WKID Channel 51, then an English language station that broadcast out of a small studio along I-95 in South Broward. I think it was in Danya by what used to be Pirates World on my right. Oh, you don't know. See this is way before you go to Pirates World. I went there as a kid. Well, that's where the studio was. And thought of Pirates World in the same building. JP was not yet alive. Yeah. See what's the point of my talking about all these punks that don't, they don't know Dave Dixon from Dave Schwartz. On a weather channel, love Dave Schwartz, by the way. I always love when he talks about their spitting and boss, and that's my favorite. But anyway, every, that's great to turn on the weather channel and see you guys talking in the video. It makes me feel almost worthwhile. Every week night from 11 o'clock until sunrise, the hefty casually dressed Dixon mumbled the plot descriptions of the movies presented on his show. Old television programs like the prisoner, by the way. And music videos rounded out the show's offerings along with a collection of commercials for mainstream and adult businesses that Dixon would segue into what they be newsed look. Yeah, he used to do like Titi bars and stuff like that. It was great. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. He lost his job on Channel 51 became an over the air subscription station with a heavy rotation in soft course, sex movies, but in 1983 he landed on Channel 39. It was a similar if more professionally produced online show. That's then ended when the station refused me to be newsed contract despite an outcry from viewers who watched, laughed at and talked back to his show. In 1984, Harold columnist Bill Cosford wrote, and wouldn't it take a great guy like Bill Cosford was also talking about just a few days ago who died the very prematurely of diabetes who was a great guy. In 1984, Bill Cosford wrote Dixon speaks to the camera like every man. For the people of the overnight, his presence has always been soothing and clever at the same time, no fool and worth staying up with. Right on, Bill. But Dixon's late night, Stin and South Florida was only a sidebar to his career in entertainment. During another interlude in his professional life Dixon, co-order top 10 hit, leaving on a jet plane with his old pal Paul Stooke of the group Peter Paul and Mary. He won't be leaving on a jet plane anymore. Dave Dixon. Dixon made his mark in Detroit radio during late 1960s and early 70s at Detroit's most influential underground station in Iraq station, WABXFM, as one of the station's air aces. He became a counterculture icon by a two-in-formatted playlists entering what he wanted when he wanted, damn it. He dubbed himself Detroit's culture that's with a K, K-UL-T-U-R cultures are. On the radio he was a genius at Harvey Oveschensky and award-winning documentary producer worked as WABX's new director and was another Detroit counterculture figure in the 60s. His mind made connections. He was the first first nine-year-old really well who taught me there was a connection between the music and the movement. Not that movement. Dixon drifted in not Detroit radio in the 80s and 90s. In the final years his attorney Mike Novak said he worked at a number of odd jobs, included, including being a shuttle driver, Detroit's metro airport. How did they ever get him in the guy damn bus? Dixon is survived by his brother John Assistant, Vivian Valentine, funeral arrangements were not final on Wednesday. And the XYT thing says there will be no memorial service open to the public. A scholarship fund will be set up at the next few weeks and it will be made in how the public may contribute, etc. And they're going to have a special attribution today, Dixon this Saturday night. Oh, this that's his pass Saturday. What's the date on this? How is that possible? When did he die? What is the date of this press release? Because the the memorial, the special tribute with this past Saturday. And here it's in the hero this morning. So I guess it's one of those things where they kind of like hanging under with for a while. Anybody in this audience remember the great day, Dixon? Let's pay a little tribute today. Come on. No. 567.0560. These people don't know from crap. Okay, Mel Allen died. Who? You know, Dave Dixon just died. He was great. He was funny. He was like a big fat slob who was on there. But he was bright. Very articulate, very bright. And he had a lot of crappy shows. In fact, he was the first guy that would come on and rip the movies that he was about to show. He would tell you how bad they were and cornball and go through the whole song. And then he was great. I'll tell you a place that's great. That's next to Garza. Good night, John. Better to bat you had to go signing in the next few rounds. That was made of fiberglass. Or you wrote a set of songs for way too long. Now you're like a vendid, but like your career. A fella called Ed Razz. The film would be on my feet. And you wanted to fly like Rocky Mountain High in a plane with little seaweed. What happened to the... To take the country road instead. And John Shine was on your shoulders. When you walk through the distance, you still don't need more. The country ball was easy. Good bye, John. Never. Thank God I'm not a country ball who writes all about his good. As he hits my blade. All your songs were laid. But you made money. Yet you drive too late like a down-home country hit. To appeal to those with no praise. I do want to keep quiet like Rocky Mountain High in a plane with little seaweed. What happened to the... To take the country road instead. I was just going to go to the show. That's where he goes. Your place is not as easy as you go. Three, four, it was day. Okay, now you might be acting yourself. I'm playing everybody. Now because John Denver died a long time ago. Thank goodness. But we haven't only had 400 calls off the year. While I was utilizing the late day of Dixon saying that he didn't write. If I leave on a jet plane, I'll never be back. Or something like that. Leaving on a jet plane, Peter Paul and Mary. Well, I hate to break the news to you. But the W.S.Y.T really says that he co-wrote it. And the guy named Harold says it, which of course makes it really dubious. But, and not only that, what difference does it make whether he co-wrote it or not? The guy just died. Let's give him credit for something. Who would you rather give credit for? Day Dixon or John Denver? No contest, right? Day Dixon. Even if you don't know who that is, you'd rather give him credit for it than God name John Denver. The Neo Rogers audience just keep this in mind. We don't like John Denver, okay? We didn't like him. We didn't like his music. We didn't like his Rocky Mountain High and blow it out to your ass, John Denver. Wherever you are. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yeah, I remember Day Dixon. He was great. When he would have a bad movie at Turkey, he would bring out a can, a cranberry sauce, and put it on top of the podium. Yeah. The sort of signal that beware. This was a bad movie. Right. The position was the way he interacted with some of his sponsors. He had the guy who owned the elbow room used to come on. Right. When there was life trip and we're modern-scale. Uh-huh. He's, I remember he used to bring him on live. And he had that guy who owned Monarch Dodge. I think he owned it all, right. Exactly. With that crown and all this crab. Right. And they would advertise these places like the Bonswav, adult motel. Right. That would vibrating water beds and adult movies. That would be a good idea. I was a teenager. I was in high school. And I used to love it. Yeah, was fun. It was one of the few things that's ever been on TV here that was fun. I agree 100%. Um, you mentioned Day Dixon. I got a picture and I'm like, bitch, you're sorry. Um, you mentioned Day Dixon. I, I, I, I, one comment was on the, uh, is the website for the weather channel. And they mentioned that he used to be a dancer. Do you think he's possibly a weather fairy? No. No. Day Dixon. I love Day Dixon. I, I, I, I, I. But it's not a nice way to do that. It's something you want to know. Yeah, the life, you know. All right. Thanks. Okay. Sounds like Swiss. Well, thank you to me. No, he just happened to be a very, uh, collar phone is lingo, the weather, uh, weather, the weather due. They're spritzin in, uh, New York. So anyway, Dave Dixon did we have a couple of calls on here. But we don't want to overdo it. Of course, because they never like to do that here. They never like to say too many good things about anybody. I've noticed no matter how much they did. We want to send you the course with sunny her. Sh and okay, wrong. I like sunny. I like the work with sunny for a very long time. Okay, T and I would be was a good guy. But I mean, uh, for some bizarre reason, the ulogy about saying even, uh, to the extent of why the name of street after him, remember that letter we got that I threw in a waste basket that we were supposed to help raise money to, uh, you know, uh, put up street sign. I just, you know, sunny was a good guy. But let's not get carried away. Let's not lose our perspective. Okay. Defaultable. I'm saying. And yet the audience is very selective in this crap. Maybe that's because this is the sports nerd station in sunny was a course of the Huracun's speaking of the sports nerd station. I don't want to forget this. I don't want to start on a negative note today, but I will anyway, and I do want to start on it because I'm so sick and tired. These sports cars. I'm telling you, I don't care what the mad dog says. I love the mad dog, but he's always, uh, pool pooling, you know, get some these talk shows. I'm sorry. On this kind of a talk show, I agree. Haven't guessed is the kiss of death because 99% of them are boring as dog crap. But on the sports talk shows, your phone calls, man, you people out there and you can't even get the sports nerds that call or shows. I'm driving out of here yesterday the first call on Hank gets is some old crusty fart about 100 years old bitching you get about the fact that he can't get the late night scores this morning newspaper. We just got through having that with the last call last Friday on a worst team show. The same exact call from some other 200 year old fart. I hate to break the news to you. See more, but anywhere in American, no matter where you live, no matter how good the newspapers are, they go to bed at a particular time, whether it's 1130, 12 o'clock, USA today is the only paper. They go to bed. I don't know how they do it, but that's they do it. But under net, you can go to even great markets and read great newspapers and go to the sports section. We'll say incomplete. And like Hank finally said after this one on for like three or four minutes of torture, of pure unadulidinated torture, like Hank said, why not turn on sports editor to more and get the score? Oh yeah, okay. Why not turn on headline news, okay? And watch them flip through the scores, okay? And I turn on the worst team in the morning and listen those in Cip it up dates and listen to them, uh, squealing the scores, okay? This is the most important thing that he's all across the farce I've got to worry about is that they can't get to final score in the newspaper because they can't understand that when the game ends at one or 130 or two o'clock at a morning and the newspaper goes to bed at midnight or 1230, that they can't put the score in there. It's impossible, okay? You stupid old fart. Then that call was great compared to the next one. Lou on a mobile. And I'm going to tell you something when I tell you that people in this town should refrain from talking hockey, we get virtually no hockey calls on this show, maybe five a week and the only good ones that ever come on here are the ones from like Toronto or some other city where people are called and from out of town who understand the game and know what they're talking about. The ones that come from the loos of the world, this loo as it looser. Loo as in I have no idea what the F I'm talking about and Hank, I don't want to like, you know, give Hank any instructions. He's been around a block a few times. He understands it. But why in the world would you want to come on here? And she I know nothing about this. I have no interest in it. But let's talk about it, you know. And then get set up by these people who have no idea what they're talking about. And sit there going, uh. Yeah, like that. Lou starts out by telling us about, you know, he don't know what the big deal is because through Barnes, you know, all he's got his two goals in the playoffs. He's got five. He had two in one game against the least. The game that I go ahead and I'd to tie the game against Dallas. Number five in a playoff. The steel wheel. Okay, in addition to which if you were watching the games, you'd understand he's played his brains out for Buffalo. But he just hasn't been able to stick it in the basket. The biscuit and the basket. Okay. You got it, Lou. You will fart you idiot. And then he goes on to talk about the fact that, well, you know, uh, still Barnes and people are a little upset because it criss-wels. You know, I hadn't done that much. And how much Jason Woly who scored the winning goal in the game? Did we miss him? Is that possible, Lou? Yeah. I'm in that conversation somewhere since you have no idea what you're talking about. And then Hank, of course, just runs with this guy who has no idea what he's talking about. And goes on a song and dance about, well, you think the Murray's have something to do with you. What Bobby Clark left in the Murray's come on? No, I don't think so. I like that. Yeah, he went, eeeeh. Just like that. And at that point, I started scrambling for my CDs. I popped that thing in there so fast in the CD2. My early eye head was spinning. I pushed it in there so hard. That was it. That was it for me. And again, that's, I don't know how this station is. Again, I know we have to do this to feed Gregory's ego, but they are the notion of a sports talk station in this market. It would be like having an, and all Jewish station in the North Pole, okay? In Yiddish. It would be like having a Rio de Janeiro, an all Arabic station. I mean, it doesn't make any sense. The fact that we actually even show up in a goddamn book is a major miracle. That we even tickled a Richter scale. It's a miracle. Would these calls that come in from these known nothings? We haven't got a clue. This guy, I mean, I wish I had to call on tape. That's how bad it was. Everything that he said was absolutely, in collector, absolutely full of crap. Didn't hate, he would know red Warner from a, from a senator Warner. You jackass, you goofball, you idiot you, and they wonder, Welcome, they took that, scat calls off after the hockey games. I just mentioned that in passing because it made my blood curdle. I almost didn't, and I didn't have the phone in that car yesterday. I would have called in Hank from the, from the car, which I don't like doing that. I have my own four hours, you know, I don't like musling and other people's programs. But when a guy comes on, I give his that much misinformation. Although still, what's the big deal with steel bars? They've only got to go away and you're sitting there going, Oh, I don't know. I mean, what's the point in setting yourself up like that? You know, I'm talking about it just embarrassing. It's embarrassing. Where we going? Here's a crawl spring, Selo. Hi, Niel. Yes, sir. Okay, I just wanted to tell you about a, a big Nixon. Yes. I know our tradition, and they sent me out to, to a channel for, to go on it for started. Now, was that in Pirates World or next to it? It was right next to it. Right. And it's a building. And the fact is, your office is really nice, and they go, go back down the following, go, re. I go back there, and we're going to do the, I want to ask for everything this really just got me off show this. Okay. They had, they had, they had, they had, they had six, you know, they had six, you'd a paneling up and press, score a triangle cut on the car. Right. But the big Nixon was going to, just stay in our duty entire show. Mm-hmm. So they were going to, okay, redness there, but don't, yeah, that's your two fancy. You know, don't give too much, okay. Just give a little receptacle in there, so that's it. And then the other thing is, I'm like, just beyond actors, women, it's a carpet, there's like, just, they didn't clean the plane's up. And I'm looking at it and I'm going, so did that, I went back and I said, okay, let me watch him. Yeah. And it was when I came in the NBC studio, right? Right. If you were taking one more step forward, you would have seen carpet, they didn't even clean it up for him. Right. And this guy was so good. We had to turn it back to the film. He was smooth, yeah. Yeah. And I mean, the fact is, I just, like I said, I grew up in 4-4 long time. And he had to realize, like, I just, you, let's see what days are going. Yeah. And that's, that's a, you know, it had a great, uh, act, in the course. I mean, personally, he might have been a little bit of a puss, but it has, but his act was a tremendous. So it was a good part of the act. Yeah. I don't know. I'd like to try to say that. Remember in the world. We can relate to those kind of surroundings here at QA. But then, cause we're going to tell you that. Yeah. We're going to tell you that. We're going to tell you that. Yeah. We're going to tell you that. Yeah. We're going to tell you that. Yeah. We're going to tell you that. That's what I think we're going to go over to where our pirates were used to being. Do the show tomorrow. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 1027 at 5. 50 QA. I mean, God. This time I'll hear if you park in the sun. When you get in your car, you will burn up your funds in cars. Get in the car. And the first thing you'll feel is a third degree burn when you touch the steering wheel in cars. You turn on the AC. But it's just low-pot air and the black vinyl seat is changing. You're a few bit scared in cars. So I'm not going to feel I put a car or a change. But all of my friends say it looks really gay in cars. 1032 at 560 WQ and we want Lou. We want that called desperately. There's a textbook example of what's wrong with WQA. And our calls like Lou on a mobile yesterday on the Henry Goldberg show. That call. That could have been one of the worst five calls in the history of the human race. I'm not talking about on radio on talk shows. Just the worst phone call that was ever made. Do you know what I'm saying? Which covers a lot of territory. So Dave Dixon is dead. Boy. And we're pretty upset about it. Even if you don't know who he was. He was one of a kind. He was one of those people back in the days. Just like in radio back in the days when we had personalities on radio back in WABC and WLS and WMEX and Boston aren't against bird that I mentioned yesterday with Adventure Carhop. But we're like real personalities. Even bad personalities like Roboste Anderson. But at least they were personalities. Carl the Suez on WBZ in Boston. Regs Court of Conquity, K.A. And the Pittsburgh dead. Did he do one at a time a couple weeks ago? Everybody's dying. And Dave Dixon was only 60 at a heart attack. And why do you think he died at the tender rate of 60 of a heart attack? He was gigantic. He was fat. Anybody seen Larry Kent lately? No. Fat. The fat people are the dead people. He said, just an hour and a half after a fat boy was in trying to push food on us. And I'm sick and tired to hear about our PG losing all that weight. Okay? I'm real happy for you, Doug. But I'm tired to hear about it. You know, we can't all be asleep and lovely as you are. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. When I was a kid growing up. And where's my wife? Yes sir. I used to live for Sunday nights. Uh-huh. Because that was always when Dave Dixon would play the Patrick McGoon Prisoner. I got the whole series. Uh-huh. He made me become a fanatic just watching him because every show he would go into what was behind the episode. And what the special meanings were and everything. He was, I've never seen anyone TV like him. Yeah. I mean, Sunday night, my whole week I look forward to just seeing him. I want to make night for the prisoner up. There was no bull crap involved with him. Like the guy said before he would tell you if the movie was a piece of crap. What he usually was because they couldn't afford real, you know, at the time around movies. He would tell you how crappy it was. He would make fun of it and go through a whole run down of why it was so bad. And who was bad in it? And it was funny because like the guy said it always looks like he was broadcasting from a power. Because you never saw him more than like two inches on either side of him with like a black curtain behind him. Yeah. And he never fooled. He just got, he didn't have to move too much because he took up most of the screen already. No matter how big your screen was, he took up most of the set anyway. He stood still as a statue because I guess he had nowhere to go. There was no set or anything. Yeah. Well, if the public only realized that TV, even today, even with a big studio is in all the big sets, 99% of TV is all done with mirrors in the bull crap. Well, then again, also, my second favorite thing was watching on TV. Before he came on with a little squiggly lines. Right. Remember that we, you'd have to turn the dial to try and get the camera. I was on 51 after on TV briefly for a couple of months. Well, I forgot how many years ago I was on there at like two, three in the morning. That was 1982. It was. Because I remember, it was 1982. I used to stay up to three o'clock in the morning when you came. I think I saw people watching on 51 after the squiggly. No, seriously, after the squiggly on TV unscrambleed and I did on whammy. I really believe that. But I was half the fun because you would like try and see the dirty movies by unscrambleed. Right. And then we'd be to come on a three o'clock. Exactly. That wasn't photographic enough. Okay. Thanks. I got what I remember. Here's the guy's been around a little while. Okay. He's been around a block a few times. Unlike a lot of you Johnny, lately, come lately here. You know, all you see is the, there. What's the one guy? Ken, is his name Ken Alvarado on channel four? He is sure. I hope you're listening right now. You were the most disgusting thing. I have ever heard. He came. He was doing a story this morning. And he does this every time he comes up with the Hispanic name that's got an R. And it's like right. He's like, you know, and he was like, oh, and it just, it just was totally out of place and inappropriate. And it just made me want to puke. Can Alvarado, who's from the Bronx or somewhere. You know, cut the crap. Okay. Stop trying to impress us. Next thing will be bringing back what's in it used to do that. Needs an aglo. Needs an aglo. What was your name? Oh, you know the one I'm talking about. I don't know if you're talking about a block. Oh, what do they do that? Because they're pandering. They're like the goddamn hero. They're pandering desperately. And I hate to break the news to you. No matter how much of a truly put in there, the people they're pandering to are still watching 23 and 51 and I're going to watch their news anyway. All they're doing is pissing off the rest of us. They don't want to hear about. Yeah, I'm a lot. Yeah, I'm a lot. How much can you roll it and how much of a fake accent can you put on? How much affectation can you put on there to try to impress me with how much of a professional spick you are, okay? Yeah, I'm a lot. I don't know you get it. You know, just cut the crap and read the news. Okay. Alvarado, whatever your goddamn name is, you've phony bastards. But they butcher that station. I mean, they were doing poorly before, but I think you just wait and see. They have just blurtured channel four. And it all started when they screwed over our good close friend Barbara Sloan who was a sweetheart and did a lot for the community. It was a great person and a screwed over and I'll pay back as a bitch. Here's the, the rail. Hello. Hey, Neil speaking about fat. Has anybody seen Dave game lately? No, not really. They do. They, he wouldn't have fit on my 52 in screen anymore. They had to take them off. They had to pull them off somewhere, didn't they? I think Dave Dixon actually from the, from the arm pit's up. I think he was more a fatter and more. No, seriously, he had about 20 chins. Hey, I listen. I do remember, uh, pirates world. Yeah. I do remember fat Wilson or big Wilson rat. Big fat Wilson, yeah. Uh, I do remember the late show on 51, but I can't take your disguise face. Oh, you can't. If you, uh, do you get the hero? Uh, unfortunately. Well, on page five B in this morning's paper. Okay. And you'll big under deaths. Okay. I see the, yeah, guaranteed this will bring back the members. Because it is a definitive picture of Dave Dixon and that big, your really poorly face with one of his, uh, Hawaiian shirts on. What year was he on on 51? Uh, he was on in the, um, well, let's see what it says here. Uh, in the late 70s and early 80s. I was here, uh, like 68 or so. Oh, yeah, he was, uh, you were here then. Yeah, yeah. I got a picture into the, uh, over the good old days. Yes, sir, that's when this was a real time, you're right. Absolutely. And listen, I don't know who has left the whole life. The sport, sport, nerd, what he Cuban, uh, egg valve fanatics. I think that, uh, very young Florida Gator team. I've been running through. How did right, Dasha? But yeah. A very young Florida Gator team. And you had a really hear the way the guy said it that day because he said it with such a, a tone of impending doom and sincerity and importance like, like, this was something really important in our lives, you know? Get a life you jackass, you overgrown, jocs nifer. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. We got George and his appearance coming up this Saturday. We'll spend a lot of time promoting that. Also, I want to be sure and mention that I brought the knives back from Smith and Wolinsky. No, I want to talk about that because in that not that I want to be a goody two shoes or like, uh, self-agrandized myself, but I just want to set the record straight because a lot of people probably thought, she took all that free stuff home from them and then ripped them in ass. No, I brought them, I sit back in it and believe me. Even OJ would be impressed by these knives. That's how good they are. They really are there. It's a very expensive knife set and I could use it when I said, but I can't in good conscience take it because I ripped them in ass and I would rather rip the food in ass because that's an honest analization on my part than take a bunch of free stuff and say, oh yeah, it was pretty good. It wasn't pretty good. It wasn't a pretty sight. And I'm sorry for them because they really, I went through, I'd like just out of nowhere. They put together an unbelievable spread. They brought all these people up here. They went on a cart with real dishes and real silverware and, you know, of course, you can't eat the silverware in the, this silverware in the dishes. Twenty before 11 at five, 60 WQM if you, oh, frosty, not. And now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address. He's in the oval office with the gold rates behind him and he is preparing to address the American people. New to the music, please. Mothel, Americans. I have deployed our forces, the put up a fight in a place called Kosovo outside of Elfany. Where all the masses don't use gold. That's there in Kosovo. We're gonna blow away. Serbian Muslims in the KLA. Slopped up my lo sumit. His math, because his nickname is Slob. Later of Kosovo, precast and Pope Jack is the copy. Angla Goldack, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzegovania, Serbia, Pristina, Adriatic, T.U.S.D. and Kosovo. That's where I told NATO to point our planes and go. And I'll let him build great answer, you boo. And you go, Maltun, they grow. And they gone less America. That's 45 at five, 60 WQM. The war is over. What are they gonna talk about now? No. So anyway, Hank Goldberg and T.U.S.D. and Cerclac, we got Kim Bbogkamp. And then we got 8 o'clock. We got the NHL G.N. number 2, the Stanley Cup finals. Dallas and the Buffalo Sabers, who will win the night four or nothing by the way. Here's what he's great for an old Buffalo fan. Yes, big Buffalo. I'm pumped for this game tonight. Oh, really? Never know by looking at you. Speaking of big fat and from the 60s and 70s. Oh, you definitely. That's probably a total of that old washed out look. And I am this series. I mean, that first game was tremendous. Yeah. That was one hell of a hockey game. Yes, it was. It's the first period was coma inducing not to mention the fact that Sabers were in the think. But then it turned into a hell of a game. Well, when they killed all those power players. Right. I'm going to get one. What Warner deserves a tremendous. Jame the key and rent warrant a deserved tremendous credit for playing phenomenal there. And he cleared out the front of the net and Warner kept shooting it down the ice. Nice going. Not good enough for the Panthers. Yeah. And yeah, well, you see like they they they traded for Chris Wells and Buffalo got got Barnes and and Willie. Right. And rent Warner eventually. And rent warrant. I mean, Wilson's got a bad headache. Yes. Yes. But that I mean and and I really liked the way. I mean some of the guys that didn't score, but like just Anderson. I mean, that guy can skate. Oh, he's fans. Yeah. Yeah. He if he were motivated. He's one of these guys that shows up like you know, airb your fifth game. He just always been always a little career. But if he were motivated to play all the time and show up. He's he got great. Yeah. He's danger. Yeah. He's he's he's just amazing. Yeah. Very fast. I mean, these guys are going to take it. You know, Dallas seemed to think they could walk in and walk away with it. Yeah. But no way. Well, they deserve to lose. They play on a crappy ice in a real crappy arena in the fans. Right. Right. And they're losing their souls. Right. It looked like the guys were losing their edge. I guess the ice was pretty pretty sloppy. The worst. It's the worst in the world. And if you read in the paper today, or have somebody read a tweet, what he. I should have said, and he was a hit the end of the game. He couldn't even skate down to the other end. I can graduate the rest of his teammates because he in fact they showed him like down on the ice. He actually fell down because it was so hot. He was so exhausted. He couldn't even stay upright. Right. Yeah. I was glad to hear it was that not as grime. Right. Yeah. It was growing this fine. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I just read about that in the paper today. Yeah. I'm sorry. I mean, I did not. I didn't know that way. I didn't know Dave that well. You have to know a note that you watched this show. Oh, yeah. Definitely. I mean, yeah. It was one of the first and the first move down here in the league. Probably no big Wilson all out well either. You watched them on channel six later night with a night owl. Yeah. The night owl. Yeah. Definitely. And tickling everywhere. Right. Yeah. Definitely was he was a second point. I knew you knew your steak house. Do you remember those days when the big was at the New York steak house? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. That's right. Now there was a place where the meat was great. Um, so to speak. And what? You'd be like that place? Well, I didn't really eat that question. Well, no, that's right. I forget you got those clients. We don't your meals for free. I forgot about that. Well, a few of them. You don't have too many restaurants right now. Yeah. I'm in a restaurant. Right now. That's good. But I had the snapper at Jeff. Did you ever take the Jeff snapper? No. That was great. Need to love snappers. Yeah. Excellent. And I'm sure the price was right, too. Okay. What are we going to do here in front of you? Very good. Go, Saber. Okay. See. And don't give me any more crappy seats to that in the morning of Palace, please. 5.670. 5.6. So anyway, George's appearance is going to be his second appearance, which I promise you will be a lot more successful in the first. Of course, the first one was fat boy at a card dealer way down there 600 miles south of the town. And then they fat Roy. Oh, that's right. Was fat. That's right. Because the other one he's supposed to be dealing with that account. Yeah. Hey, listen, I'm not going to do anything to cover his fat ass. What do I should I do that? Okay. I can't. And where's my check guy? Damn, it's almost 11 o'clock. Not that I can do anything with it now anyway. And by the way, speaking of that, I wasn't going to get into this. Anyway, let me promote your appearance first and I'll get into my bank. This Saturday, June 12, joined the whole bunch of people. I'm going to be there. Not just George. I mean, who wants to see him. But at the opening of the new superstar of Prime Co., which is at 2910, a Oakwood Boulevard in Hollywood, and the Oakwood Plaza. Now, when I read this yet, then I've even mentioned where the hell it was. The Oakwood Plaza spreads between Sheridan and Sterling just east of I-95. Okay. So that's us from Sterling or Sheridan. 10 a.m. to noon, Saturday, free food, free door prizes, live radio remote, phones, and all kinds of stuff that are going to be given away. George will be there. Also, the little pink guy. I always look in for the little pink guy. And they're going to have a Hemingway look like contest and hot chicken wings in the contest. And a free motor world, another first pack for the first five or people show up. And they say you a nice little pink bag this morning, a pink sack. That's got all kinds of the freebies that will be given away. Like lip balm and sunglasses, stuff like that. Freezer pops. Yeah, freezer pops. I'm not gonna. You know, pop your own. So that's us Saturday, 10 noon, that's prime pro. There you go. The prime pro stores by the Sheridan entrance. I think you're already overstep your bounds on the so on. Okay. So anyway, moving along. Oh yeah, we're going to get that call for J.P. is working feverously on taping that call. That bozo that loo on a mobile. Just as a textbook example of how not to call this radio station, any other radio station in America, whether you're lack of knowledge on what you're talking about, especially sports. You could take the sports knowledge in this town, stick it in the goddamn fimble. And the best example of that is the Marlon John Henry. They just screw the public two nights ago with that phony double header in the rain that there was nobody there. They've already got all the ticket holders money and not everybody's going to all year. They won seven in the row, even though, of course, they lost last night before another poultry crowd. It'll announce about 12 or 13,000, which there was a much less than that really there. But nevertheless, nobody wants to tell a like it is in this town. They all want to like sugarcoded everything and peel over each other's leg. And it's like a fraternity like a grab eyes party. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Long time listener, how you doing Neil? Okay. Listen, Neil, can I get off the subject for a second? What's the subject? Okay. No, well, in general, let me talk about Ricky Moine. I have a story. You ready for this? This is a true story, Neil. Yeah, sure. This happened last. No, already we don't believe it. Yeah. I've been last few. I worked for Curious. The ones who were Brown. Anyways, I was doing a delivery at the blockbuster on the beach on 41. I got back into the truck. I went through, you know, I would do my paperwork and I looked to the left. And I see Ricky Moine coming out of the car. Yeah. So Ricky Martin coming, scored court. Yeah. Coming out of the blockbuster. He staring at me. Yeah. I looked at him. I thought he was looking at somebody behind me. When in actual he was looking at me. Yeah. So I looked at him. And he thought maybe you had a package you wanted. So I thought I want you Ricky Moine. And he says, yeah. And I go listen, can you do me a favor? So he's got to figure it's a damn. I didn't know you had a girlfriend. And I looked at him like, what? So he complimented me on my eyes. So I'm here thinking, this guy is, this guy's got to be a fruitcake. Why would he say that? Maybe he's just friendly. Probably so. I mean, but then when I told my girl, He wanted to inspect your package. When I told my girl for shoes like a set, she didn't believe me. And I was like, yeah, it's true. Yeah. And I got a car. And I got a car. And I got a car. There you go. Okay. Whatever he said. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. It's true. It's true. Okay. She's bigger than life itself, Ricky Martin. But the number one album in almost every country in the world now is Millennium by the Back Street Boys. I'll be pleased to know that. I just mentioned passing. So we don't have to wait too much. By the way, here's a facts from Don and Del Ray B to says. I tried to get on the website of Freedom from Religion that you read about yesterday. All I got. And then he's got the wrong address. He's got www.ffr.org. Well, you know, when you leave a letter off time, you wind up with a Freedom for Rivers Foundation in New Brownfell's Texas, which is what he got. But of course, if you wouldn't have made a mistake, don't you got in the wrong address there? Yeah, you wouldn't have ever known about the Freedom from Rivers Foundation, which means you never have to have a meal with Mickey Rivers again. But anyway, the correct address is www.ffr.org. If you leave off the last F, all you have left is FF. And if you've been meeting new times, that's not a good idea. Bad, bad, bad move. And no, the pamphlet is not on there. You still have to call to get that dear believer. Yeah, Mark, we're going to put it in our website, www.nearardures.com. Very soon, Eric. I think we should have a link. We should have a link to what? So that SSRF thing. Yeah. Okay. And put the pamphlet on. Right. All of these things. Well, tell me, tell our good post-personal friend, Eric. I'm sure he'll hop right on it. Here's a lady in poor Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. Good evening. I started here about the Dickson. I was just thinking about him the other day. Were you really happy to hear me? Yeah. Because I was a little bit... I was thinking about that. Everyone was wondering how I had my self-sovid pomea. And I used to live as a kid. And I would watch him all night. And he said he had the prisoner. He had eyelid relives. Oh, that's right. He had a silver silver silver. Right. Yeah. Richie's Carlson. Right. And they'd show highway patrol and life of Riley. All the good old 50 shows from the great days of television. Right. And when he had a bad movie, like you said, he told you, you know, he told you, he called it a turkey. And he put out a can of cranberry sauce on the desk. Right. And that's part of what they said got of in trouble with 51. They kept giving them a hard time. Don't do that. People won't watch the movie. And they didn't understand. That's part of why you watched me was to listen to him. Rip. Yeah. If I could really play this. Nothing worse than a guy who's got a following like he did. Who's a offbeat and off the wall. And working for idiots who don't understand his act. Who didn't, you know, didn't get it. Was that always the way? Of course. I can relate to it. And just for the record, he did that. The song that he wrote for Peter Paul and Mary. Right. So what did I say? I'll leave it on a get-up. No, no. I did rock and roll music. Well, I don't know. We're going to, hello, I come up with even on a jet plane. I don't know. I'm the article. They've miscloted it. Oh, oh, wait. That hair. Wait. That's right. Yeah. Harold's got it wrong. George, leave it to this lady. Thank you so much. He got me confused. They rolled me into a false sense of security. The song he co-wrote was I did rock and roll music. And the hair will fall. Leave it on a jet plane. Yeah. Yeah. Harold's got it wrong. George, leave it to this lady. I got it on a jet plane, which John Denver was the co-writer of that. And not the, thank you so much. Thank God. The Harold does it again. All right. I'm always. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Well, that's great. Leave it to her. Because, you know, you read something in there. And you get caught up in the reading of it. You just accepted, you assume that because it's in a newspaper. And somebody wrote this. It's just from Harold Staff and Wire reports. And then article in New York, or magazine is right on target. The Harold blows. Oh. Leave it on a jet plane, my fat ass. Okay. Every story they write is suspect. They put in a paper. If they put THE, the, the, whatever. You have to wonder is that right. The frickin' Harold. You guys suck. You're a laughing joke, okay. Man, I don't care how many banana boats you put around the one-herald Plaza down there. You're still a bunch of fools. You're an idiot. More misinformation in one day in this newspaper than any real newspaper in the world puts it in five years. Like, expanter Ray Whitney at the funeral of Steve Chaseon. Well, it was Ray Shepherd, but you know, expanter. Jack asses, everything you put in there is wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, okay. I'm surprising, you can get the name of the paper right on the mast head. 4-B-4-11 at 5-60 W-Q-M-W, we never make mistakes. Well, if... If... W-Q-M-W, we never make mistakes. Who's got your tail? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm at a chip named K. One day she flew away to Teal on the weather, move his boat. No, no, no, no, no. Why did I write make censorship? There are words in muslim split. Who told you how I feel, far came in the morning. So... When you speak here to my home, I'll see you with Teal on a tune. Now if you speak here, tell her, I'm a story-stay. And the FCC won't be seeing this song. I wrote the name out of C-T-K. Take her hand. Tell me, say, that after this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days. Oh, Mr. C-T-A-U-U-N-A. Oh, then I'll see you with Teal on a boat. But how do you feel with Teal on a tune? Oh, oh. 11-O-2 at 5-60 W-Q-M. So getting back to my bank again. It's so typical of the way everything is done in this time, because this isn't the town where there's any stability. Everything is transient. And even when you think you've got somebody that's taking real good care of you, and you really appreciate the service that they give you, and you're always in a backier mind saying, what's going to happen if they leave? If they decide to go like a fighter, we'll be alive someplace and go work someplace else? So, Republicans, if you're any bank, would choose to be family bank back in the days when it was exactly what it was supposed to be, which is why I got hooked into going in in the first place, a small family bank where it'd like the old fast and service, and they knew you and they took good care of you, which they always did. And my good buddy Matt Corshoff was the manager. It was a great kind of sensational care of me. For however many years that was, what was it like, three, four years, something like that over there, and suppose that other grotesque and personal bank that had nothing but problems with, they should only croak. So at any rate, I get a phone call on my machine. Message on my machine a couple of weeks ago for Matt saying, thanks for your business. It's been great work in with it, but I'm leaving. I'm going out on my own. I'm going to do this, but I'd be better boy, it's ever so on. But I'm sure that continued taking good care of you, and, etc. But in the meantime, you're like, you know, I make out my taxes stuff, my tax payments to the goddamn government. Now that they end up, you have to do that. You can't mail it anymore. You have to have it to your bank, you like, try and go, however. And all these things that I've done with him, automatically for last three or four years, and just put stuff in an envelope with his name on it. Have I had a call from the bank to say, who's going to be doing that now? If I had a letter from that, any kind of communication from them, more than I went over and saw the guy with the investment, the retirement plan, which has nothing to do with any of this. Have I had any of that? No. No. So I tend to be a little bit put off by that, because I've noticed that the faces in there keep changing faster than the faces in ourselves, the problem, which is saying a lot. And the idea that you're going to continue getting personal, friendly, knowledgeable service from people who really know you may have been a great advertising cliche once upon a time. But I'm not sure that's going to continue happening if you catch my drift. And I'm really a little very apprehensive if you catch what I'm talking about, if anybody over there has any idea what's going on. You know what I'm saying? Like today I called over there in the one lady picked up a phone and said, or maybe it was the janitor, whoever was picked up the phone. I don't remember exactly what the war is here at the office, I think. Yeah. Say what? Something like that. I said, oh yeah, check it out. So they just discovered by the way, in case you live out there. And of course the reason I don't get any response on this thing is because we already found out a couple of days ago that I have no listeners anywhere in a plantation area. Maybe one or two. And that's okay. I don't take it personally. But here's a picture of this flooded out area of plantation acres on a front page of the Harold, no less. Not the Sunsetville, but on the Harold. In the rural subdivision of plantation acres, which has no storm swars, some residents were stranded because their cars couldn't make it to the high waters. Now, to a lot of you people out there who are lucky enough not to live in areas where they don't have a storm drainage. Things like storm swars. Like at the Mcarine for example, you know what I'm talking about. Because if you drive almost anywhere today after two days that thank goodness having a break from what we had a couple of days ago, you know, sunrise Boulevard is clear, Broward Boulevard. Just about anywhere you go on on the turnpike. It's a hunky door. But still most of the east west streets out there in the acres are flooded. It's a mess. Is that my check-out hope? It's not? What is that? Who's favorite? What the hell we want that? I want my check-out. I want to guide them. I got my own newspaper. What was that? Dave Dixon died. Did you know? What about that in there? Who just put that in there? Peter Leonard. Peter Leonard. Pete, listen, I'm going to tell you something. If Peter Leonard ever opens that door again, okay? Keep away from here. We've got a radio show going on in here, okay? And go come your hair. Go take a bath and comb your hair, okay? And take a couple of more doggy downers or something. Get away from me. Go away. I know Dave Dixon died. We spent 40 minutes on it already, okay? It may be turning on a radio idea. Like Jerry Sarner comes in. I'm sitting here wearing my Smith and Wollinsky cap, which I will keep the cap by the way because I like it. And you know, we're talking about the episode we had here yesterday. Oh, well, I didn't listen to the show. I didn't hear anything. Of course not. We wouldn't expect you people to be listening to this show. Of course not. So like I said the other day, the reason that this goes on and they had a good point on a morning show, guilty and beefo had a good show for one once in their life. They made a excellent point. There's no interest in the Marlins, whether they win 7 in a row or 7 in a row, nobody cares. And there's business that's talking about building a new stadium and spending tax money when we don't even have storm swars in many parts of town, including parts of Hollywood and up on the implantation acres, where all the east west arteries are still flooded out even as I speak right now. Floated like lakes. I mean, why should anybody be concerned about drainage, okay, when you're building in the Everglades, which is what they did out there in West Broward. Why should we be concerned about something as silly as drainage? Yeah, when only rains, cats and dogs, every day of our lives, all summer long. And like I said, nobody cares, nobody puts up a stink. They're running to get near little robots. And I guess they think it's very cute and very funny. And their cars are getting all screwed up. And we're watching the tow trucks coming back and forth, pulling people's cars away. Great. No storm swars in plantation acres. Isn't that great to know that the mayor and the chief police and all the other bureaucrats that we have there. They're concerned about, you know, is your satellite disye bothering somebody? Or things like, are you going 6 miles an hour over the speed limit on high? It is real important things like that. But can't be concerned about that we have storm swars out here. And are you going to get flooded out in as your car going to get screwed up? And as your life going to be disrupted, those kinds of things we can't be worried about out in the acres, because of screw everybody. Here's some rise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? You're talking about restaurants yesterday. Where are you getting good fifting? What is it? A good fifting. Yeah, yeah, right. Maybe right in your back, though. Sounds good to me. That's what it sounds like to me, Spickle. 560, 0560, pound 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Other no life Julio, they just came off the Bonn Ennibbo and they gave them a phone in our number. Thank you. 9 minutes after 11 and 560, WQM. Come on, we're on WQM, hello. Hey, Hank. How are you doing? Hey, really? What's up? Hope the back is better. It's better. It really is better. If you can swing that, swing that driver tomorrow. Yeah, I think I'm going to take a week off from golf. Okay. One thing I wanted to clarify with the Panthers, and that's, you know, if you're on a score goal last night, but, you know, he's played with Buffalo for like over 40 games, including the playoffs, and he's always scored two goals. First goal until the second round of the playoffs. So it's not like he's exactly like, not the league, you know. But the point is that I think that if you look back at it, the first trade was two Barnes for Chris Wells. Right. That was the one everybody benched about. And then it just didn't even have a great year last year with Pittsburgh. He had a really bad year this year, and he got traded to Buffalo for Barnaby, who also had a bad year. And what did Wells do? Well, didn't do too much. I mean, nothing. He's never done anything that much. And then they just made fields after fields. It was like a snowball effect. It's a recapture what was lost. And they had a golden franchise. You know, you talked about the Marlins and Baltimore, which separates them $60 million a year. In terms of what the Panthers had in victories per dollar, they were paying. They had the best franchise in all of professional sports. Well, let me ask you a question, okay. And I'm not challenging you because I'm really asking you. Okay. When Bobby Clark left here, and was replaced by Brian Murray, was that a big factor in terms of the direction that this team went? I personally know why. I don't think so. And I'll tell you why. Because Tory still stayed. And Tory, you know, to me, you know, I, I fall in hockey since, you know, the middle seven. So the kid. And, you know, if the islanders, he was golden in terms of. Oh, yeah. You know, his choices, his choices that he made. They made the finals. And they just wanted to improve. And in trying to improve, they just, they, they tore all the chemistry apart. They lost all the, I mean, you know, these guys, like, screws, like, you know, guys, you didn't, you didn't have to pay them lots of money. But they were, they were, they were team guys. Yeah. You know, the fall off in the gold tenning, which didn't just start when Bizarre was, uh, was like, oh, it started. Bizarre became unhappy over money. They did. They didn't do a very good job of, uh, Oh, you should have, uh, a fish. Yeah, I got ahead. He should have recognized if he was the backbone of the friend. Yeah. And so what they did was they got Chency with him. Maybe they didn't. Maybe he was asking for too much. I don't think so. But whatever it was, that guy was, like you say the backbone of that team. And they, they screwed with him. How many games did they win? Where they'd be outshot 35 to 20 in the game because Bizarre stood on his head, you know, 14 times a night. You know, I mean, if the guy wants some more money, you know, uh, if he's asking for it, because he's not getting the results, that's one thing, send them send them packing. But Bizarre did everything that was ever after him. Well, all I mean, when I'm saying is, if I'm Wayne, I got to be asking these questions myself right now. One more. Thank you. I mean, what kind of a call is that? What kind of a name crack was that? Again, another soft Florida lending, another simple thing, trying to share his expertise. Okay, with the vast list of the audience we have out there, I've evidently other people who also haven't got any idea, or probably couldn't care less anyway. I think the latter is too as personal when it comes to hockey. I mean, this man hasn't got a clue what he's talking about. And screwed, let me then have to pay him that much. We had the greatest line in that focal. We had the best franchise and professional sports. Here's a team that got hot for like two months, four years ago. Just had a particular miraculous thing. It happens. It happens to teams every now and then. They get hot. Play a mediocre season. They get hot to the last part of the season. They make the playoffs and all of a sudden just at the right time. They get hot for a couple of months. And a while, a low on the whole. They're in the stand-and-and-cut finals. It got swept forth to rate of course. But it was exciting. This was a great team. No. No. And he doesn't know what he's talking about. I mean, you know, it's too far. And how about, like I said before, Jason, William, Red Warner and how about Marty Strocka and all the bad decisions that were made both by Doug McLean and by Brian Murray. And a lot of people in the organization. Bad evaluations, bad judgments, which is why they became desperate. And a had a go on spend the ten minutes in here to get a superstar like Paul Velberry thank God because other than that, they were floundering and desperate. And you could see the difference in between the games when he played and the way the team played when he wasn't in the lineup. It was like day and night. You know, I'm going to tell you one more time. Wayne has got to be. So you can't accumulate that much money without luck. I don't care how great of a business man you got. How many connections you got, how a lot of far off to decide your nose might be. It didn't make any difference. You've got to have a lot of luck to make as much money in this guy's made. Especially you're picking up garbage. And if he were trying to pedal in any town where they knew what was going on, the crap that he puts out there, they'd they'd elect him out of town a long time ago. You could go bowling in that joint. But instead, they filled it up with all these merry-making, happy socialite. Hey, we're having a great time. And whatever. And I'm not going to rehash that because it speaks for itself. But that call right there. Why? What was the purpose of that besides wasting three minutes? Kill another three minutes on his show. Wait, that's going, Lou. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, I don't even know why we have a hockey team in this town. There is no interest. None. Like I've told you before, all this past season, all this fancy big with all those shell out and your shell out crowd that great attendance, bodies in seats. Not hockey fans, bodies in seats, and most of them just like Lou. They haven't got to clue what they're talking about. They wouldn't know, stew barns from stew pennies. Oakland Park, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I had two things to say. And then I, then after you were talking about the marlins, it became three. But after that call, I wouldn't, I wouldn't put that guy in front of my dark board and wasted dart on. That was the definitive ad that's been a month ago. But so that's that to me. That was the definitive QAM spot. We get on this radio station. The 20 hours a day that we have sports to stop the one. He, Lou, was the definitive. On the baseball. I mean, I, I feel that you're wrong with the baseball. People do care about the marlins. Whether you do or not, that's your progative. Yeah. Well, really showing up big time, man. Yeah. You know, it's just the way it is that hair. Like you say, it's not a sports town. So, so, so, so, so, so what are you saying? On a one hand, you're saying it's not a sports town. And you say they care about them a lot of stuff to do down here. You can't expect to go. They don't. They don't even watch that soil. But there are people who like baseball that they're dealing with. Well, what are you saying? What do you say just making sense? You can't. I keep all of that soil. I don't think that guy's got me off the fuse now with that car. Okay, good. Okay. That must be it. Another great sports call. Right there. And I'd say better than Lou. He was not as long as Lou, but he made less sense. Even less sense. I mean, why would anybody want to go see that? Well, but you're wrong. I mean, you can care about what you want. But people that are really do care about them all. Yeah, all eight or 10,000 of them that you're up on most nights if it's not pouring down rain. Like two nights ago, when they took all the money, thank you for the tickets that were already sold and screwed the fans. And nobody else seems to want to talk about. I mean, you're playing the game. Yeah. And other words, it's like, we don't really care what the. Yeah, we'd like to win the game. But we're going to be together so that we got the money. Okay. So we can't even keep it. Even if nobody can show up here and even if it's ridiculous and a joke and a farce that we're playing most of the game, the first game is personally important down rain. We don't care. And then you want to move down to a better seat. Okay. Well, if you want to move, we'll call the police and have you escorted out. We had a couple of those calls yesterday. That's how much. That's the kind of public relations. And that's how much great love relationship there is between the fans and the organization even with a new owner. So you could always blame Wayne who might despise as you know deeply. You could blame him for a lot of other crap, but he ain't there with the Marlins anymore. And the new guy seems to know just as much about public relations as Wayne did. I guess he doesn't want to make too dramatic of a change right off the bat. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hello, can you hear me now? Yes, sir. Oh, I didn't know you'd see up here. Well, you know I agree with you. The problem in Miami is they spell hockey with a change that I'm an agent. That's a problem. Yeah. Anyhow, getting back to the bank are some of us to do live in plantation. And I knew Matt and he was great. He was great to me. I mean, he had everything in mind down to a science and all I was very confident every given man envelope with his name on it with whatever to do and it was done. And I had never had a worry about a thing. They haven't even bothered to call me or send me a letter or give me the name of a person to see or talk to. And I'm not too happy about that. Well, I got with Matt as well. And he's gone in a couple of weeks ago after he left. I had a wire transfer, committed to three days to figure it up. Yeah. So I'm going to close and let me just say that Marta, you blow to you to the manager. How do you like that? There you go. I had a tax refund from the IRS. A very substantial one, by the way, that I deposited the overnight deposit to her, which I never had a worry about when he was there. I never got a receipt for it in the mail. I had a call there to make sure that it was recorded in my account, which it was. I never got a receipt for it in the mail. Yeah, that's really sad. It's really sad. That's the way the floor the way you're doing business, man. You can't never depend on anybody being around for a long because they're here today and going to mall. Well, they want your money. They don't want to do anything for it. That's the deal. Right. And I didn't get here all this morning. I think God, I do not get to here all. But I think that the picture in there, if they took it to me, I've been in my back. Your heart, your channel said I was standing in my back. You're doing a library, I guess. Oh, yeah, we're playing around in the U.S. You, you, you, you, you, you. Yeah, we're swimming in my yard. Right. So, I'm going to talk about that one camera guy that drowned back there. Okay, have a right day, pal. Take care. Okay, of course it made for some good news at 6.30. Oh, 5.670, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, new. Yes, sir. When you get a good fit, then. Okay, here's Davey. Hello. Hey, be. Yes, sir. Okay, I'm up. I've done the mall and I saw the other day. There was a picture of some rabbi in the newspaper with this girlfriend who went into the game. I think they said they were 400 people there at that particular game. I don't know if you saw it in the newspaper. No, I did not. Okay, but anyway, the reason that I really did call, because you're talking about hockey. This morning, my son goes to American Heritage High School, which is off for Broward Boulevard. And I made a huge chair and it came around and I'm driving this school zone at 15 miles an hour. And I'll be setting this car comes zooming by me, a little black sports car. And I take a look at it and I see what a jerk is. 15 miles an hour, a school zone at 815 in the morning. I look at the license plate. It says, and HL-1. I would assume it must be somebody connected to the panties. It's just the guest online part. In HL-1, maybe it was your abitment, because we know he's an asshole. Well, that's a very good possibility. Maybe he's in town. I just wanted to point that out and he took off the made a right turn and what no one found for me. I would assume up to the state. What we'll have to check out and find out who it is in the Panther organization who's got an L-1 license plate in HL-1. Who's going 100 miles an hour through school zones where they shouldn't be doing it. That's absolutely correct. Any other place? Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're the show. Okay, there's a good hockey call for you. We don't know our hockey, but we sure know our speed. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. 25 past 11, a QM, I'll tell you one other thing that's really crap and that's the water that's coming out of your tap. Oh, I never did go into that thing, the letter from the other guys. Well, I'll bring that up one other day when we have lots and lots of time. From our former sponsors from the old days, who never returned my phone call by the way, the president of that company, to whom I put in a personal phone call, to explain the situation and never bothered calling me back. I'll guarantee you when you call a colleague and people they'll call you back. Like, why is that thing real? I'm looking at my 30 days, it's coming on Sunday, and there's the things in my head, at a time, though, I've done a few more mistakes, and we're at the roof, everything's about me. I don't think you know, I'm on the way, to have a meeting, you're sure they can't make me. Cause you could go to jail and we'll make you. If I breathe, you let my friends and you be. She was 25 but she's just a few. Looks like she, I've been my layoff, free. Daddy called her, call her, call her, call her. I've done a few mistakes, because of her, to tell me, come on, my girl, please find me. I've done a few things running around, oh, my show. She's underage, she's a thing, the food behind you should be there. She's looking at me, she's looking at me, she's looking at me. She's looking at me, she's looking at me, she's looking at me. She's a thing, she's a thing. It's 11.31 and 5.50, nobody in QAM. Look at that phone, baby. There are small things that I aren't saying. Oh, one call on the board, after all of these things, you know? But don't keep yourself exercise, the bottle is flushed, your mommy's day today. So like I said, if you want to eat, you guys go ahead and have whatever you want, but I'm going to wait for mommy today. You follow what I'm saying? After that great lunch we had here yesterday. Huh? Yeah, brought the knives back just in case you'd tune in in midstream. I brought this mythical lunch, can knives back. I'm going to send them back with a silverware, and the dishes and thank you very much for your efforts. But that's fake, oh boy, I cannot tell a lie. I mean, maybe for two sets of knives. Huh? But not for just one. I can't tell that that was a meal. I was just very, very bitterly disappointing. Not only under cooked but stringy and fatty and just a gruesome piece of meat. A grou and believe me, I know my meat. It was a gross test, conc of meat. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line of Handgober, sure with two, 65 we got a timbable camper, and we got the second game of the NHL Championship series. They're calling it this year. The NHL finals, Dallas and Buffalo from the reunion, Arena in Dallas, and the interest in all. No. But we got that tonight at Clockwood. You want to hear it or not. Whether you want to watch it or not. And now we're going to have a WNV-18. And we're talking about this other football team. We might have an Fort Waterdale at Larry King's. I mean, what are we talking about? Why don't we just have another arena and another stadium on every street corner? Have 6,000 professional sports franchises? And we have like 10 people show up at each event. Just kind of spread it around. Because like that other guy said before, oh, there's so much to do here. You don't expect them to go, you know, go see that crap through you. But they do care about the marlins. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Any new? Yes, sir. We're going to run the goddamn football this fall. The dolphins, brother. Oh. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I just wanted to comment on a Smithle Lensky. I was kind of crack it up yesterday when they were, when you said they're bringing food over. Because I knew you were going to hate it. I did. I think it would be. I've never heard anybody that's eaten there like it. And the manager of that place isn't even a Smithle Lensky guy. He's a guy that owned the Croddad here, the seafood restaurant that was there. I just made it in the manager. But I ordered a flamenio in there. And when have you ever had a flamenio in? And when you have a handful of grisel on a side of the plate? Yeah. I kept searching. I mean, it was a big stake. And I kept searching in it for a place. You know what I'm talking about? We could cut in and like actually get a piece of meat that didn't have grisel and fat and was actually edible. And after the first couple of bites, I didn't find any more in addition to which it was so raw anyway. That it kept every time I tried to cut it would kept moving them out away from me. Well, when you said you're having a come over, I knew it was going to be a big deal. No, I know. We didn't have them come over. They've all come over. They called us and they volunteered, which was an act of self-immolation, I believe. I was going to be that and I was going to say to myself, it was going to be a great show because I do that you aren't going to like that stake. Think of their spik from Cisco down locally. They don't even get their stake imported in from other parts of the country or anything. So just regular stake with a high price name on it. Not for me. No matter how many of them are, they've been brought over 500 sets of stake knives and they get them all back. I mean, I'm just sorry. Have a great one. And back to you. And Joe Castello, thanks so much by the way for your starting that yesterday with your interpreter, Marsebot Ruth Chris, which I'm taking everybody to Ruth's Christmas weekend by the way, we're all going over there and finding out what real good meat is all about. And then you can, you know, speak intelligently about instead of saying, well, I'm too excited for the work. Yeah, I did. All right, listen, I would have taken to there any time you wanted, okay, instead of. I'm going to be uploading a remorow all the time while he never stopped him. I'm not going to stoop to that level. Oh, okay, his level. One call on a board and it's at all lady in Miami and that's it. Then we can go to the music and sit back and put my feet up on a table and do what I always wanted to do. Just taking that in the middle of this show five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. You see the tremendous interest they in fact, the three minute call I played there from the one of mobile that blew out this audience. That was the end of that and they're all gone. Thank you, Lou. Maybe there's a little message in there for some of the rest of my colleagues on his radio station that calls like that. Put people into a coma. coma people are not only boring, but haven't got the foggy side deal with their talking about we had the greatest sports franchise in the world right here and it didn't cost us all that much. And if I held a gun to lose head and ask him to name me, most of the pay a players on AT and he said the obvious two or three that he mentioned. I guarantee he couldn't do it for a lover money or steak knives, how do you like that if I held a steak knife to his throat, which I got several of me right now. You couldn't do it could you do it? No. Another expert and other software to expert on the sporting world. Probably once the rest of his life. Here's an old lady. I mean, a lady in Miami. Hello. What said old lady so I just read it by him? I'm sorry about that. Well, I just was the call to say that I resent that guy who tried to implicate a cancer with an NATL war. Yeah. Because the only one of the panthers of where should number one is Kirk McCain and I doubt if he's even in for the happiness time. Probably not. Not if he knows what's good for him. He's probably out looking for a guy. He's covered with Canada. I would think so. Or I'll look for a new job. Right. He's probably up there in Mr. Soger trying to make it with the ice dogs and don't cherry. Yeah. Well, I ever pass his fan and I resent it. I resent it bitterly. I agree with you. Yeah. And how about those ex panthers in the playoffs? Go, favors. All right. That's okay. Thank you, sweetheart. That's all she had to say. Go, Sabres. I'm going to use honey. Oh, great. Why pop the ice? Why pop that crappy, awful ice in Dallas? Just grow test. And of course, you'll notice by the way, the only reason Dallas tied up the first game in the last 49 seconds here is because Michael Pecker got a stick caught in that crappy behind the net there. And couldn't get the puck and that's the only reason that Madonna was able to stick it out in front of them. And they tied the game up because you got a stick caught in that rut that they got. They got ruts that got crappy ice that places the toilet there. The reunion, F and Arena in Dallas blows. Makes the ice look like that. You know, and it's funny because I remember last year, I remember hearing that they had sent their people from Dallas who make their ice over here to the macarine to see how we make our ice. And we got some of the worst in the world here in our arena. And it goes to show you if they're looking at our ice for instructions. That should tell you right there. They haven't got a clue. How about if they like get down? How about if they build an ice palace down at the equator? That would make sense. Let's find the hottest places in the world. Let's build an ice arena in hell. Okay? And see if we can keep the ice going for three hours in that place. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. There is absolutely positively not the slightest inkling, not the tiniest bit of interest. And it just cares my guts out. It was good to see by the way those kids up there at Toronto with the airport where they are supervisors, those coaches, whatever those guys were those pedophiles, whatever they were. Those kids from that hockey thing. That's what we want to see. More kids playing hockey maybe. Keeping off the streets even George would agree with that. That's good. But not on Mike. Well, well, what's wrong with that? Nothing. Yeah. Great. What you said? Well, so anyway, I've said it that we have a room for three less at the adinner on this weekend, just a dishonour me. You know, people with large families like a bready kid. 21 till another fact, you can come. You and Crystal can stay home. 21 before noon is 560, QIM. And one of Changian, the butt, honey. What happens when the most low level in force in the universe? Somehow finds its way out of the cosmos and into an old opera house. George Lucas, an association with another really rich guy and Bruce Waiwiver presents. That's not the matter. Okay, opera. He was horribly injured in an unfortunate, he walked explosion when he was young. Now he wears a mask to hide his hideous features. But he can't hide his videos singing voice. Our boss will allow my life safe and warm. And the minutes of the opera, it's full of music you don't know. Some by all new characters you never heard of. My name's O'Hubber, Lord of the Dagelba, here is the place where you'll met the style of her. Phantom Menace of the Opera, the story is then. The characters are weak and the music's repetitive. But hey, come on, you star wars. Oh right. 745 and 560 WDQ, I'm a so we have a similar poker for a judge out there. We ran that plate number and of course I want to make one thing very, very clear. Okay, we only had that guy's word on whether he, you know, maybe he doesn't like this person. Or yeah, he could have made the story up all the way down it. About you know, zooming through that school zone, Tracy Ebron, Ebron, EBRON, who drives the Carbord license plate NHL-Dash1. I just thought I would mention that so not that old lady don't have to be all that upset because she was very, she took it. Remember what she said? She said she takes grave exception like Mr. Schreckler with a big black guy named Ben. Right? I am just serious. I am just serious. The other eyes, and that's right. I she objected seriously to the idea that it might have been one of our panther players who was zooming to that school zone. And if indeed the story was true, then it was Tracy Ebron or somebody driving Tracy's car of course. Maybe it was Kirk McClaying driving Tracy's car. That's possible. But I'm likely. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. We're going to really miss Dave Dickson. He was a great host. Do you remember we're really going to miss him? What does that mean? He hasn't been here for a while. I know, but that was one of my greatest times as listening to him at night on Channel 51. Yeah. A little Mickey Mouse, uh, Taulephone, he had on that little desk. He did not much of a scenery on his desk. Yeah. King Paul. Little budget. King Paul and I forget the pizza place. I think they went out of business days to do a lot of advertising. Anything King Paul was involved and was always a little budget like the light bulb. Right. Don't you remember his partner? His name was Patrick. I think he was the west and was Patrick. Did the guy used the on the four he was on? Oh, the guy from Detroit. Yeah. Oh, my god. What the hell was that guy's name? That's right. I think he's dead too. What was his name? Yeah. I think his laughing was Patrick. I think he was Patrick. I'm trying desperately to think what his name was. I knew exactly what you're talking about. He was a basket case. Yeah. He was great. It was great listening to Dave Dickson. He had like you said if he's a, the movie is a piece of garbage. He'd tell you it's a piece of garbage. Right. You're a fun listen to him. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. So there's somebody who remembers Dave Dickson. We had a few calls today about Dave Dickson. Thank good. You see, here's a guy that did some good and town entertain a lot of us overnight. We were in Somniacs or coming into a three in the morning, whatever. He was great on TV. He was fun. I'm like most of the soil that we watched now. Patrick, what the hell was that guy's name? Anybody call him about him yet? The Patrick guy. He was also from Detroit, by the way. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey. And obviously made a big impact on me. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just moved back here after being gone for six years. And I've been observing the situation here with sports and South Florida. I figured like this. Yes. What are two things? See the events cost too much or going to the events such as what goes on out here at the stadium or at the orange bowl. Yeah. That's what I'm interested in. It's too much of a pain to get to some of these places. And then I just got that backed up whenever I go into some of these sports bars. Oh, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, it's too much of a pain to get there. But how come what a team is winning or if it's something that they're really interested in like the dolphin. They'll go to great lengths and they'll come from Palm Beach County and from home. Didn't all over the place and it's not too much of a pain. Yeah. Well, that's, that's the situation for those people who decide to be banwagoned. I mean, look what happened to the hurricane. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's an example. That's a whole, that's a whole phony program. There is no hurricane football program. The whole thing is based on winning. And then, you know, they got to lose a couple of home games. And all of a sudden, said, drawing 60 and 70,000, they're drawing 18 and 25,000, especially if they're not playing Florida, or FSU, you know that. Oh, I was just going to catch you on that one. All right. I'll catch you on that one. Oh, it's the phonyist football program in America. There's no hurricane fan. There's a small base of fans, maybe 10 or 15,000. And the rest are off-arm running phony's. Right. I, I gather that, but whenever, whenever I move back here and I saw all the people that go to sports bars, it's like, they don't want to go and spend the money to go to these events and to support their teams. Right. All right. I fucking blow. What do I call this without saying? Okay. But I am a hurricane fan. I'm glad to be back. But, but I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm sorry. I'm here at the first time. Okay. But, uh, what, what's up? I'm okay. Yeah. Yeah. What bother me was a couple years ago. I ended up getting a flyer from the Orange Bowl committee saying, okay, we're going to raise prices now. You can't bring your boots off. Well, I'm not a player. The toilet. I'm not a player. It's like a toilet. But all these people are living in the past, you know, with that nostalgia. The Orange Bowl is a toilet. They should, they should tear it down and build an apartment complex. You know that. That's a toilet. I just, I just want to throw that out there. And this is just my own original thinking. I know how much you appreciate it. Well, I do appreciate that that you're not just another one of these are going along with the crowd. Thank God for you, sir. And have a great day. You did. Okay. There you go. At least the, uh, conjure that up in his own mind. Okay. Not just because somebody else said it in the sound like you're going to need to be a mine and burdened repeat it. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, like so many of you people do with everything in your lives. For example, here's Jared Blackburn who goes to the ninth grade at Westminster Academy in Papuaobae. He writes a letter to be edited in the Sun Sentinel this morning that I clipped out. Which naturally being the heathen bastard that I am would never miss one like this. That says, don't pin all the blame on just Christianity. That's the headline they put in. And Jared, who again is in the ninth grade at Westminster Academy, does that sound like he religious institutes in the youth? Uh-huh. Yes. I like her cat-lick school. Of course. What? Or like one of those crazy-well whatever it is. Okay. It's a glacier place. Anyway, Jared says history records religious massacres, not Christian massacres. A recent letter stated that it is probable and more people in the history of the world have been killed because of religion than for any other reason. But not the name of Christianity is the right to propose. Look at the 20th century, Mao, Stalin, Hitler, various dictators, war is not involved in Christianity and abortions. Millions killed a name of anything but Christianity. In the last 2000 years far fewer have been killed in the name of Christianity. Christians are not perfect, but that doesn't mean you can pin all the massacres having to do with religion on the Christians. Read the facts, absorb them, study them and then make up your mind. So as Jared Blackburn was in the ninth grade at some Christian Academy. Well, Jared, you're right. Not all of the massacres in mankind have been done by Christians, but just too many of them. In other words, we haven't killed as many people as Mao did. Or as Paul Potten, Cambodia. Or what's his name? The EDM Dada. Isn't this great? Comparative murder. It's like O.J. saying, I didn't kill as many people as Ted Bundy. Same thing. I mean, Jared, what kind of cock and Amy logic is that? Don't blame all of the massacres throughout history on us. Just the ones we did, like we've received in the Spanish inquisition. We've all the other good ones that we've done that were listed very well. That other letter that I read the other day. All the witch burning. Right, exactly. Just those, Jared. And God bless you. Conrad Patrick. Well, thank you very much. Conrad Patrick. Oh, yeah! I'm going to tell a story later on about how I once crank Conrad Patrick on here. I did that myself. Because he was doing a talk show on TV with no delay. And I'm like, my show that I don't channel 50. And we'll take people's numbers and call them back. Western-stir academy. Yes? Is a Reverend Kennedy. Oh, hello to you. Reverend Kennedy. Oh, my God. Pass the plate and put it into money, baby. And don't forget. Don't be sure to go. Back to Dr. Kennedy. Dr. James. I never met a July-like very much Kennedy from the Crowbridge Presbyterian Frickan Church. What does that tell you? Western-stir academy in Pablo Beach. No plan to end, of course. Good for beating Christianity is Jared who's in the ninth grade, right just like her and they put it in the newspaper. Thank God, you're doing your own original thinking, Jared. Not. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Isn't that great? When do you expect that kind of swell to come from any disciple of the Reverend James Kennedy? It's got all that good TV time. He's on a satellite. He's all over the place. Spreading his and spewing his crap. Saving some fags and Jews for a Christ. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Dave Dixon. I didn't know much about my earlier member of my TV, I don't know. But it said that the newspaper that he helped write on the Internet. Don't you see his picture there? Yeah, and I do remember him. How did you look at that picture? And I remember Dave Dixon. I thought he just sold like a hoxster or whatever. I don't remember him doing a show, but I don't know. I'm sorry. I didn't watch it. That's okay. But Neil, it says he helped write. I'm leaving on a jet plane. We already handed the sir. The song was I did rock and roll music. The hero that he as usual has got it wrong. Right. When did John Denver? Right. Already got that sir. Thank you very much. I already got it that they heard made another blaring, gigantic mistake. Even people who don't remember him, they read the thing and they said, hey, guess what? You're full of crap. I guess usual, Miami, and then article in New York, magazine must be 500% correct. About what a bunch of sellouts you are with their to hero and how you've cut the budget way back. And you're hiring a bunch of pumps and kids, which is why you got very jackass, pretending to write about basketball and sports and broadcasting. Because you got a bunch of putback and little kids over there at their hero instead of adults like you, they have like real journalists. Because you're a tense rate newspaper is exactly what you are. 560560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Thanks a lot, that not all the massacres and history have been done by the Christians. Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello. Hey, how are you? Great. Hey, the NHL one is my wife. That's my wife's car. And I called her because I'm listening in the car. I think it's crazy. And the wife's name. And I'm a woman. Yeah, are you listening to me? Are you listening to me? No, I can barely hear you. Is your name Tracy or your wife's name Tracy? My wife's name is Tracy. Okay. And what happened was I called her at work and I'm saying your name is all over the radio. She's written a written ass. She said she knows the guy that would have called in because she said when she went through, forward. The, I guess there's a light. There's a flashing light. She said the flashing light was off. She said when she was going through, there was a guy that was sitting in the turn signal lane. She said she might have dropped somebody off or whoever it was. Right. So he probably thought that the turn or the light was still on when she was going through. So that's why he's probably calling and thinking that she spent through a school zone because, you know, he and the, which is going to be 90 after the lights went off. Well, she was doing 45. I mean, I, she has never had a ticket. So I don't know if that's the case, but I know she's real careful about the school zones and everything like that. And she's the one that's yelling at the other people that speeds for them. So, but I just had to call and I had to call her so she's freaking out and, you know, and you need to chill one is her place because she's an NHL fan first and that's why she got that place. So, but we just wanted to make sure it wasn't anybody in the Panther organization because, you know, it's that was, you're responsible act on their part for, like say, you know, Bill Tory or something like that to be driving to their 100. Oh, and I was a little bit more Brian Murray got for Ben. Of course. You know, and she was playing like that. I mean, I, I would tell her if she ever did something like that. Tell her to slow down, please. Yeah, I, yeah. She is, she's careful. Now she's all nervous and everything's such a probably going to 21 she's going to go. Well, and, actually, we did a public service. There you go. Okay. There we go. All right. Yeah. We don't have power on this show, huh? We get Tracy's husband on the phone right away and I guarantee she ain't going to be doing 90 to her school zone anymore. Even if she didn't do it the first time. That's fucking, exactly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 600 open lines here today. A very little larger crowd out there. I'm full of vinegar here today and whatever goes with it. And as usual, here during these, whoa, it's going to be bad. It's going to be brutal. We got all arrested, Julian. We got July. We got August. We got all the way to Labor Day and even then, and they know picnic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Live. Let's go. Sabers, maybe. That's the big topic today, isn't it? No. Huh? Let me tell you about next. Every time I feel like this, it's good that the next spot comes up because, you know, you want to put a big round when in your posts. Sit back, light it up. Just feel great about life again. That's right. Forget about all these other assholes out there. Forget about people going 300 miles an hour through a school zone. And dangering the lives of poor little punky kids. You can do it. My family, my father's day. Last time I checked, the work day was more than four hours. You can say that again. If you quit after four hours, you would never job. That's the fact. But that's what most pain relievers do. Work for four hours and then quit. Or if they do keep working, they usually just sit around and goof off and talk to the other pain reliever friends on the phone or read magazine. But not relieve. One dose works on your pain for a full eight hours. And after that, it goes on to work on someone else's pain for six more hours. Really puts in a 14 hour day and never complains. It's never like, you and two tired of you pain. I want to quit. Lays you pay and I've pain relieving idiot. So if your pain relievers stop working after only four hours, fire it. Fire it and do it in front of all the other medicine. So you can really humiliate it and make an example of it. Yeah, don't give it any preference for anything like that. Just tell it the clean out. It's longer and get the hell out. Then have a security guard. Drag it outside to your car. Right on. Take relief. Works for me. Okay, 12.02 or 5.60 WQM. I might have to worry about my banker and make him my deposit today because it looks like that checkmate I show up today, which means I may not show up tomorrow. What is that all about? See, stop and think about this. You get direct deposit. You get credited whatever you're a poultry amount you get paid on the fifth every month. The fifth and the 20th. I get a check on the 10th and 25th, which I can wait the extra five days because I can't get a direct deposit on my thing for an un-multidude reasons. Okay, whatever it is. But one would think that if other people who have direct deposit get the money in their account on the fifth of the month, that's certainly by the 10th of the month, the check will be here in the building. And we would be waiting for some story about Yati Yati from Naples, airborne express, and then show up this morning. It'll be here any minute in the horse that the horse is getting sick and a bug is getting real slow etc. And the check is in the mail. That is just not unexpected, not totally out of character for this outfit, but all I can say is, Oh my god. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's our one call, lady in Kendall. Hello. Lady in Kendall. Hey, hey, what's up? Yes, man. What's going on? I'm just going to do the like issue that I got hooked on it on my friend, Danny. And I'm the manager of maker, and I'm telling everybody that I'm making two. Yama. But I want you to remember, see, one phone for me. Uh huh. I smoke two joints. Okay. And I was put in the last four of it, Danny. Okay. You're not smoking the weed down there, right? Because you're illegal in the country, sweetheart. We don't want to get you busted. No, I'm not. Okay. Okay. We'll load up in the hill. It's great. Okay. It's all the hill's jiffles. It's really real good. Like the blurs. It's for real good. It's number two, gentlemen. It's for real good. Here's one for six days. There's two stakes, there's take out just part two. Not. How's your thermal life? I smoke two joints. I smoke two joints. Danny, morning. I smoke two joints. I smoke two joints. I smoke two joints. Danny, afternoon. It's great. It's great. All right. I smoke two joints. Time up. I smoke two joints. I smoke two joints. I smoke two joint. McDonald. He wants to make something new. Deep clean all smoke. Ride on to the school. Hope we'll see you tomorrow. Here's two. B Gliff- trag And I'll go find the first take care of him. So now I spoke to the one who went again. And the star I spoke to the one who went up the TV. And the theory that I was in voice. I spoke to the one who went up the TV. I spoke to the one who went up the TV. And the star I spoke to the one who went up the TV. And the star I spoke to the one who went up the TV. And the star I spoke to the one who went up the TV. And the star I spoke to the one who went up the TV. But the one who went up the TV. I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid The same one day, I met the man She said to me a day Although good, it didn't happen So she said that I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I'm a little kid, I'm a little kid I just want to do it Maybe after the surgery Just make it easy, all right I just want to do it I'm a beast, I'm a two in time, oh I hope you don't be more in love with your heart I'm a little weak, I'm a two in time That's what I do I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a two in time I'm a four in time I'm a five About a hundred five WDQ, I'm doing them one call at a time today. It's working on just like magic. That's what we got in the board. One lonely call and just keep my finger on it at the button real real tight for the music. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Popano. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Pretty slow today, pal. To be honest, we're doing pretty slow for a Thursday. Yeah. On a high page, you're like this. We're thinking of a high paid worth that guy named Chuck. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that as well as not the only newspaper in Miami that makes mistakes. Of course, we all know that. But the Sun Sentinel a couple weeks ago. Sun Sentinel is in Miami? No, no, I'm saying. They're not the only newspaper. The next mistake, like that. And what they did was, when Boston was playing Buffalo, the reported that just at the end of that series, they reported that Boston will be going up in Toronto in this newspaper. Yeah. And I emailed, I'm an artist, crying, email us. And about two days later, I got a message back. He said, well, I got a message from a guy that says, and it was a natural wire service to put the message out. The article was that he picked it up. Sun Sentinel, they put it in the paper. Because there's a bunch of kids working at these newspapers. They're not to understand. They don't know any better. They picked it up off the wire. I could say that Tom Edison just drove his car through a bank window. And they would put it on front page of the newspaper. They don't know. Yeah. But I mean, I emailed him because they're always saying, Sure. Are you interesting? I mean, yes. And I don't know. And they said, well, the guy, they actually he will be back and said that the guy that put that message across. He's going to repeat this. OK. Was. Anyway. OK. Thank you. OK. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Ah! I feel so much better now. 9 minutes past noon at 5, 60, WQAM. Oh, God. This guy was definitely on a wrong show. OK. You're on a wrong show, pal. Call up and tell us about the path that's having a greatest team in history of all sports. OK. Then we'll let you back on the show. Can you believe that? That was so boring that I myself may take an app right now. Don't forget to subscribe to the channel. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're here about the panthers, pick a seat for you. The fiasco. Yeah. You mean the greatest franchise in the history of sports? Well, it was unbelievable. We were, you know, we were original season ticket holders and we were to make a change. So we got the option of coming to the very first day. Yeah. And we stood out there in a hot sun for now or that everybody lined up in single file. And then of course when it came time to let us in people came in from the back door. It's a front door and a mid door. Everybody was running away to me. Where are you talking about in the old arena? No, the new arena. The NCC. Well, why would they have you waiting outside? They never even during the game time. They let you in at least to the outer lobby. No, not this time. This time 12 o'clock they started organizing. I want to clock you could come in and pick your seat. Pick your seat. Yeah. This was pick a seat there. Yeah. This is for all the people who want to make a change. So they stood us out there for an hour and the hot sun. And we're supposed to go in and single file. And of course that broke down. The people started coming into all the doors. Madness people are going to wait right. So we finally get in the arena. And it was the ultimate. One fan said it's the ultimate screwing because there was very few seats in the seats that were available when the corners and upstairs. Oh, the other ones in the corners are the ones that are the baby seats. You know, the small and you can't have a bubble fit in them. Yeah. I'm sorry. The seats in the corners are smaller than the seats, you know, on the rest of the joint. Yeah. Well, I thought, you know, all that was available was the first row is which nobody wanted to sit in and then the ones off the beaten track. Right. And I personally have a problem believing that this team will raise prices and just think that's not have seats available. And I haven't feeling that they just plain screw it around pretty good that day. Yeah. And the fans will praise. I mean, they this is the first day. I've tried some people who came to second, third and fourth and fifth days. What they found. Oh, my God. My little story. Well, more good public relations from the Wayne High Pingo organization. Thanks for the consistency. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Have a good luck to watch and have a great day. What did you just write up on a counter there? What does that say? April at four. Who's she? New enter. Five six out of good things that we're all going to get a chance to go out to dinner this weekend. courtesy of me over with Chris because Chris, the crystal line. I got a lot of interesting things to talk about. Haven't seen her in a while. Want to keep tabs on her husband. Interesting things that I have to pass along. Five six seven. Five 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Yeah. Let's just have a whole hero of people up here. I just have orgies every day. You know, sure. Beat. I mean, this is boring talking of these old. Grizzle. Farce like that guy a couple of calls ago. Whatever. What was he talking about anyway? He was so boring that I couldn't if you paid me a million dollars. Now I couldn't do what he was talking about. All I know was that the paint with I relieved the pain so tremendously when I put my finger on the button and let out that screen. I relieved the horrendous, rotest. I mean, there's nothing wrong with getting old. I'm a grizzle old far too. All the very young by softhold of standards. But I mean, Jesus Christ. Here's a mobile in cool springs. Hello. Hi, Dale. Yes, sir. A little bit of my old past of my love for old fortlutter Dale and old flat and old night. I mean, past the way I guess when Dave Dickson died. Right. Because I can remember one of the few talents that ever one of the few original people that ever came through this down. There was Dave Dickson, Neil Rodgersville Henry and anybody else. Yeah, well, I remember listening to you when it was you in Capriida. I was what an album from you got back in 1980 or something like that. All right. Thank you very much, by the way. You're a little bit more than you. Yeah, those are the days. Yeah, I thought you were 30 in the morning. Oh, well, no, but the side from that. I mean, this town used to have some real, it used to have character and it used to have a lot of character. Yeah. And it was all kinds of interesting things going on in the, not anymore. Now, everything is turning plastic. Like most of America, it's prefabricated. It's strip shopping malls. It's plastic people on your television screen. It's all eight million decode drives shows on there. It's 25,000 Rick Stages and the weather furry on channel 4. Yeah, it's all the same. You're right. This is that you're exactly right because that's why Dave Dickson, I mean, his loss he just stands out. There's so few people that have stood out because most of everybody else all blended in together. They were all the same. They were like, made out of a cookie cutter. Exactly. I know, I was sitting here on hold. I was trying to, I was thinking back and I'm trying to pinpoint at what time and what year did it or did all of this start morphing into Long Island South? I don't know what else to say. It's just a huge urban sprawl now of highway after highway. Because like I said, there used to be a lot of real interesting people in places to go. You had to ferret them out. I mean, it wasn't all written down. There was an interesting carrot, yeah. Exactly. And most of them wound up in some people's rectum. That's beside the point. Yeah. And then, nothing. I saw that fifth juror, Sean HBO. They repeated it on Tuesday night. Yeah. Was it as bad a second time as it was the first time? I only saw it once. I have to tell you that I got a serious chill up and down my spine when she said when she talked about how big OJ Simpson was. Because throughout this entire, I think somebody was talking like a mousse is what she said. Well, you know, when you, you know how big it is. He either had that that's the little take to his thigh or else he was hung like a mousse. I mean, you know how big a pro football player is. Like a gorilla, yeah. Yeah. And it's something that like, you know, it really hit home. Because I mean, this guy was physically capable of carrying this girl. That often, of course, he did it. But it's not anymore. It's evolved from then. Right. Exactly. And it's chilling. You know that that this girl, she was obviously doing it. Well, I'm sorry. I was when she described the Nicole's head and the picture is being like the top of a Pizz dispenser and being almost completely severed and just hanging by a thread. I think that was about his graphic as we needed to get and it showed very clear that he was very pissed off and just an act of hysterical frenzy. Exactly. We know that the cocaine couldn't have anything to do with it. But it might just have anyway. Oh, without, I mean, that's a burger king. Exactly. That little package they got as burgers. You write him in the. Exactly. Yeah. You know, that's a particular time. I mean, when she said that and it just was like, oh man, you know, you can still very poorly produce the 50 minutes. It wasn't even an hour. And they had all these long pauses on there. Which was like, yeah, I mean, if they're really tightened that thing up, it could have been on for like 15 minutes. Oh, well, I mean, it was a muscle. Yeah, I mean, you know, being a layman and not knowing anything about it. I haven't read all the books that you haven't heard anything else like that. But it's just astounding how much evidence they had against this guy. Yeah. And, and, and, and it's interesting that now Marcia Clarkson TV and Chris Darden and all these other people that are the most horrendous job in history and now they're getting rewarded for it. That's the afternoon. And have a great day, sir. And what are you dealing? Closing? Yes. How about their marlins? Okay. Anybody here? No. We have a marlins game today. No. I'll write the one of our field so good. And I came to which course will I'll be watching on television either on Fox or on the CBC. If you got the big dish, but nevertheless, we got it here on radio for those who were going to be in their cars and maybe like trapped in a room like what's his name in Clockwork Orange. What was his name? Malcolm McDowell. What was the character? Alex. Alex. That's right. Never trust the guy named Alex. Okay. That's what we used to say over the IOD and then he suspended him without pay. And I want to take him to the collection. That was one of the great moments in history and by the show, by the way. And he was kind of like a smart me looking guy, but a good guy. All right. Wasn't he? He's all right. He was a good guy. Yeah. He was like, okay guy. He was just kind of a sloppy ordinary little coolio. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. You know what? Yeah. Why don't I have to make all because the lines are getting tied up like assholes like you. Okay. They're boyfriends. Fish in there. That's the problem sir. Every line on the board is lit right now. So do us all a big big favor and save it for next year. Who is okay? He was still talking. You know what? I'm very happy he's still talking because you know he's talking to his audience of one. Get a life you jack as you loser you putt's you schmendric you schmeckler. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. You know, two quick things. Yes sir. Just to finish the stutter, stamer guy wanted to talk about the wire reports. I've had the same message emailed him even before and I tried to make it correct in the sports day. And the one in the short of what they say is we don't read them. Yeah. They don't care. They don't care. They don't give a crap. This is Florida men. It's like you're a Q&AM. We don't care. I know it's taken to you. You're going to have to get used to it. But guess what? I'm right on the bad wagon. I don't give a crap. Well, I'm going to go as where my goddamn check is. That's all. That's the paper. That's the problem. It's the paper. Yeah. And they're supposed to read it. That's the father's name. You know they're not. That was in the old days when and then we're man and you can believe your news paper. Now they just want your 50 cents or 35 cents and don't make it and put all the ads in there. And the paper now is just a vehicle for 400 pages of ads. You know that. I guess the information in there in the middle of don't expect it to be accurate because Who cares? And the second thing anyway, read the ads. The second thing is I live in Coke and that goes and it looks like it is going to be our neighbor. It looks like what? It's like OJ is going to be my neighbor. What do you mean it looks like? Well, the only place that he found according to everybody was the Garmo State and that's to block the way. So he's really moving here that piece of crap. It's the only place he got on the way. Wow. If you look in the paper and if you look at the other comments that the Realtors made is the only place that he didn't get the rated by the residents. Yeah. And it's a scary thought. Okay. Wish me luck. Thanks. Yeah. You'll need it. Okay. And in fact, roll. He's calling it a little while. Okay. He'll be right over for a lunch and dinner. Here's an ad bed news. How does that make a quick go right through your record? It's for me. 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? I got a couple of quick comments. One, OJ's come back, we'll move on. But I got a people that are complaining about this not being a sports town. They're not sports fans. I mean, yeah, the prices are expensive. And that's, you know, that's supportable. But to tell me that it's too difficult to get to a stadium. And that's why you're not going to go support your team. Yeah. You think it's easy to get to rig leave or it's easy to get to, you know, Yankee Stadium? But they still have great crowds in a Wednesday afternoon. It's re-aclock. You know, and that, what makes a sports town? There are no sports fans here. Sure. That's why it's not a sports town. They're like maybe 20 as sports fans. Well. And then there are bunch of people that go to these things because either they got three tickets from the boss or from a friend of theirs or because it was something to do to kill some time. There are no sports fans here. That's why I've been telling you that for a year and a half now. Right. I mean, I've been having a sports talk station in Miami. Like I said before, would be like playing Yugoslavia in Middle East in the middle of our Tiananmen Square. It doesn't make any sense. So I guess you would say it's only a football town. And not even that. I only have spare weather football fans. Just like the hurricane guy that called it a while ago. It's a fair weather fart running, pony football. They're not even those aren't football fans because 99% of the fans say they're hurricane fans. But every third time. But that's just the way it is. I mean, why does it have to be a sports town? Okay. So it's just not a sports town. That's all. If I want to go to hockey game, I'll go to Toronto. If I want to go see a real baseball game, I'll go to a real baseball town like Detroit or Boston. Yeah. I'll go get right into downtown Detroit. And closing. Yes sir. Go Dallas. Okay. 560. 560. Like I said, go Sabers. I thought that's what he said. I'm sure he said go Sabers. 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. Roger Scott. In the year 2000. Oh, good. I think it's a long day. Yes. Is that when everyone's the post to die? In the year 2000. Twenty-five. We're going to be more confused. But Jilla lies despite the very bills of such being days. Like all the vicious oil and stains. In the year. Twenty-eight. Hey. You're going to look around and find that nothing has changed. Outside of innovative things. You can do like that in ways of the thought they'd fool. You're a pretty tough man. If the young girl had a loose kiss again. Baby, oh, and we know it will be this. We're listening to the history that is dead. In the year 3000. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to have to realize that all those years away. It's just another day. We're going to drive. We're going to drive. We're going to go through this again. And hear you smile. We won't be able to watch me see. Unless we look great too, my close-off. We're going to be in the end. Okay. I'm sure that's pretty free of charge. We're going to have to do that. We've played from Paul, our Lou, whatever his name was, Lou on a mobile from yesterday. Thank you very much. It's good that we did play that. Because there's a good lesson for all of us to learn right there. That's a showstopper. That's a station stopper. That's a lifestyle that they want to wear. And we're going to. Yeah. Let's play Lou on a mobile again. Four or five times. If I can't go, we have to do. Let's alternate. Lou on a mobile with. Go there. Huh? That would be good. That'll take us right up till 2 o'clock. We're just going to get this spot in the court. This is my favorite. This is just this. Since my injury. Oh, I just go nuts over that thing. I even I'm starting to get into Brittany's spirit. I'm telling her she's tough for not to have. I'm telling her there's something about that bitch, you know. Something about that little. I'm the she's not 17. She's at least 17 and a half. She's old enough. Yeah, they're George's Revenant and his rolling stone to. She's old enough. Make no mistake about that. I mean, if anybody's. When you say that, if anybody's old enough to have a breast implant, she's certainly old enough to do whatever else. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Boeton Beach. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing, okay? All right. Good. Listen, I remember watching Dave fix and back in the early year. It is on the channel 39 this year. And to me, it's, you know, I've been down here for about 23 years and all these radio and the television personnel that, you know, I mean, they've been dying left to write here. We have Dave fix and we had Sunny Hersh and Bishop. Yeah. Kevin Kittens up here in the Palm Beach County. Right. And I was in broadcasting for about nine. Alan Burkies dead. Yes. Yes. That's true. Also. And Alan Courtney. He's real dead. Yeah. Yeah. I guess this show is, you know, either something or, but anyway, it's going around. Yeah. That's something. It's going around. Yes. You know, Jennifer Ram. Yeah. I didn't know if you knew this or not. She works up here on the channel 12. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Yeah. Yeah. No. It's just, it's kind of hard just to imagine her and the voiceovers that you have. I don't know if she's just a conservative looking person, you know, I mean, time off low jobs and that'd be so hard. Yeah. Exactly. Even conservative people know all about blow jobs and things like that. Yeah. This is true. That's right. Neil. Most of the conservative people are probably experts at blow jobs. I think you have a major point there. Yeah. Giving in. Neil, I'll even for a biggest tomorrow. Yes, sir. And I have one question. Well, they got a great burger king out there. You're loving it. Not really interested in the BK lines, but what I am interested is you have a talk about the rosewood grill. Right. Where is that had? It's right on the strip. It's right up from the Imperial Palace. It's kind of across from the Seasers, the Marage and that area like in the middle of the strip. Okay. Because I'll be at Harris, which is in the central part of the strip. So would that be close near? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, sure. Absolutely. Walking distance. Yeah. Okay. All right, then. All right. I name and we'll see what happens. All right, Neil. Okay. I read. Thanks. Well, I have a nice picture. I'll tell you. Okay. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six. Five, sixy on the mobile one line. Yeah. That Britney Spears, the Rolling Stones thing seems to be going over real big in this place. I'll tell you that. Real big. Yeah. About that big. Things are growing by the second now. Thanks to a little Brittany. Even people at hate her music like poison, which I have an I wouldn't say a hate her music. I mean, she doesn't do music. She doesn't sing. She just moves her lips if I can say that. That probably conjures up all kinds of images right there. She moves her lips a lot. And probably the lips of experience know down. I'm under she's had like a lipol suction. Here's a mobile in Fort Laudercille. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to make a point that I think Dominic Haasher can go worse. Yeah. You read his comment in the paper about he's playing on a slab of ice in an air conditioned building and he's saying that he's too hot. And that's what everybody else said to them said it was insufferable there. It's all they talked about was the heat in the crappy ice and anybody could see that. In fact, before the game started, they said, God forbid if this game goes in overtime, we may not make it. And it's a miracle that they did that they had any ice left at all. And if you were watching the game with any objectivity at all, you would have seen that it would like a mess. Well, I'm not saying the ice wasn't good, but I can be complaining about it being too hot. Well, I mean, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. I'm not going to. Dominic Haasher, when the game are any by the eagle, any of the choking those screaming eagle. I want that game. Buffalo. And I just assume them went for the Eastern Conference. Here I was making the point now. hockey players are the toughest players in the world. Yes, they are. You got these pansies complaining about it. No, he's not. But other, but did he play the game? Did he play a great game? Sir, did he play off the nominal game? Yes, he did. So blow it out your ass, okay? Yes, they are the greatest athletes in the world. I'd like to see in the other athletes where in all of that equipment playing like the solid 60 minutes like the gold tenders do, stay out there under in sufferable human and an unbelievable conditions. All these other pansies that every 10 to get a hang nail are out for like two months. This guy's questioning even mad dog. Mad dog mad, it's will tell you that those are real men. Those are the kind of guys he'd prefer to shower with. hockey players don't have to worry about them. Most of them. 560, 560, 560 sounds like a sore loser to me this last guy sounds like a real sore loser probably one of those Dallas fans. And when did they come from all of a sudden? Well, all of a sudden in the Dallas stars fans in his town come from. What a joke that is. See, this myth about the Western kind of ought to get started on this because I don't know if you care, but I'll say it anyway. The myth about the Western Conference. See, the Leafs biggest mistake was they changed conferences because they're record against the Western Conference's past season. Was like 23 and 2 or something like that. Was unbelievable. They had no problem at all against the Eastern Conference. They had a losing record. How do you like that? And it still made it to the third round in the playoffs. So the idea that Detroit and Colorado and Dallas went up these gigantic point totals against playing most of their games against Western Conference. Big thing in deal. How do you like that? What is that prove? And we all get sucked into that in about 40 below. Because the rest of the Western Conference outside of those three teams is mediocre at best for anybody who really knows the game. Which most of you don't. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. 20 before 1 a QA in the Hank Goldberg show with two. Kimbo, camper with 6. The NHL second game at a playoffs tonight Buffalo at Dallas eight o'clock tonight. We got. And Buffalo will win again. It's what's the notion in the basket. The next game is the first game to win. The next game is the second game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. The next game to win. She wants her chappin' in. Chassidy and grieving. It's too hard and pleasing. For the thrill is at the sun. Today the guys really hunt us. At the police, he's the last thing. The last thing you're not here. You must be something wrong with his game. I really don't know where I went wrong now. Kimbo, Lee, she's the last thing. As we are the three of them here. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe she hurts something I saw. 1245 at 5.60. What was I saying? Gordon gives staff Florida a major blow job. Here's Jennifer Ren. How do you like that? I was in appropriate lead in. I just wanted to say to that Ozone provocats who are making comments about Jennifer Ren's container. Yes. Did not mother of a teller. He can't judge a book by his cover. Clearly, she's a multi-dimensional person. No question about that. Especially those old days do I remember the manga Jennifer. I used to work together at INZ. You know what I'm going to say. And all those hot young guys used to come to pick Jennifer up after work. And I'd be on the year and they'd come to the door and I'd always make sure that they peeked their head into the thing there. Wow. I've already realized the spice of work. We're too conservative back then. So what can I tell you? I think you need to be loosened up. Yeah. I think he's a desperate. I think he's just dying for your body, Jennifer. And what's he doing watching the news? Exactly. You ought to be watching the Britney Spears videos. Not the news. Hey, care. So what's going on up there, Jennifer? I got your back there today with some saving for a rainy day. It was interesting. We're pursuing the scam artist, the con artist. Yeah. And we do a little segment where we help people write the wrong. Well, it should be hard to find them down here and so far to scam artists. Exactly. Oh, uh, especially in this business. Well, listen, take care of yourself. Thank you. You take care. See you. Bye-bye. I think you like that. Hey, asshole. Yeah. She tells it like it is. Conservative exterior. What does that mean? She's right. 670560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. You know, I choose to, who's the chronic facts of it? This Paul Gardner company, which one of our chronicses is that one? Andy. Oh, is that who that is? That's the asshole that made this fact. So I was thinking about this and it was the obvious the answer. Then I thought to myself, that's Andy and Holly would from the first. What? That little like is printing in the line. That's it. Oh, Andy from Holly with that asshole. Okay. Obviously, desperate and very lonely. Maybe his girlfriend dumped them, huh? Wouldn't surprise me. Maybe finally her nasal passage is cleared up. Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Big favorite path. I'm right. I'm just almost ran through red light here. It's talking to you. But, uh, is doing way to get Rick General Rett reclaimed on the following games? Yeah, we got him. Yeah, because, uh, I miss him calling the game. Well, yeah, I know it's piece of crap that we have to listen all these other guys. We should, he's doing the radio, you know, for Buffalo of course. Yeah. But we get the calls. Buffalo, keep the gun in. Captain, by Chanel, Chanel curling around. Here's you know, in front of the shop this far. Two bars that all over once in the morning. The chance to do so. As the Buffalo, everywhere's a time this game at one. Yeah, we got him. Great, man. So he's looking forward to hearing him. Don't forget, Sabres for and uh, star is nothing to mind. I hear you. But uh, that last guy, Kaja. Yeah. I think he's a doll fan. He's an asshole. I usually call him doll fools. Okay. Okay. Good luck tonight, pal. Kicksamass. And takes a oxygen. Oh, yeah, he's supposed to be complete. The guy was so well, like, a drain at the end of the game that he couldn't even skate down to the other end. He can gradually, his teammates. He took like two steps and collapsed there on the ice and it like stagger off through the Dallas, uh, exit way there just to get off the ice. But this guy who's an expert, you know, all these people that call in on these sportsers, they're also experts, you know. They're always making judgments about people's talent. Could they have no idea what it takes to go out there and do it. But they got opinions. And like I told you before, opinions are like assholes. Everybody's got one. 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Andy from Hollywood isn't interesting. We see the bitterness in the psychosis in these facts is that we get from these desperate no life people that when we won't put them on the air on the radio for you to hear their idiocy. That we have faxes from these same people because the chronic colors and the chronic faxes. There tends to be a lot across over there. Also tends to be a lot across the rest is there too when you come right down to it. You that door open. I thought for sure, it had to be my check coming. But I guess Jason does not have my check. You do understand that this is going to be because to a clock I got to run off to Mommy's house so you do understand that for lunch. And so I don't want to sound like boots boss myself here but get an hour and ten minutes and that's how better you have like real fast, pronto. Because the three day weekend sounds real good to me. Here's Boca, hello. Anya, help you down in? Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you why he got thrown off the air on 39 if you don't remember. You got thrown off the air date, Dixon? Yes. Well, one night he showed a L. Viara, remember her? Yeah, with the long fingernails right? Peterson or whatever name? Uh-huh. Well, she wasn't wearing any underwear. Now I'll even take the empty envelope with this package and I'll take that go ahead sir. Let's just start. He wasn't wearing any underwear and one of her shows? Yeah. And she showed it. Really? And then he showed it. Why thought he used to show those old, I leave it to be verbi runs? No. And then he got thrown off the air for that. What do you mean he showed it? He whipped out his- He played her show and- Oh, I see. You're gonna say, whipped out his- Fuck. In his case, how did you never find it with all that fat, you know? And I was watching it. Yeah. That's the last you ever saw him. Are you serious? Sure. Throwing her off the air that bitch. Exactly. I mean, he got blamed for her being a slut. And what time of the morning was it anyway? It was like, you know, three or whatever. Yeah, three at a morning. What's the big deal with that for Krenna love? And he showed it. I mean, you could see it. You could see it. Yeah. And it wasn't- Tram. Okay. Well, we'll call Joe Costello having to take care of him. By the way, all you- Whoever sent him a stupid fact is about Jennifer Ramm, we love Jennifer. Okay. And you can send six thousand of the same facts, and it makes no difference to watch him by the way, get back to work. 5, 6, 7, oh, I should read the thing from city length. That'll kill some time. I should read the whole article by Howard Beal, which we had a little tidbits of yesterday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to tell you a great show, and I'd love the favors, and I don't know what that guy was talking about, Pastic, because he was busking his rear end. Yeah, I don't know- You played a phenomenal game. He played a spectacular game. It was unbelievable. They had seven thousand penalties to kill off, and he was as much responsible as anybody that they got through all of that. And he played a phenomenal in this guy's just jealous. Okay. He's a sour guy. Probably lost a bet on the stars, and that'll teach him. And how much is it going to cost us to get two Barnes and Jason Warrlie? We are getting them back, sir. They're not coming back. They're not coming back. They did a lot of mistakes. Nobody wants to take responsibility for it, and that's just the way it is. And Rhett Warrner's kicking us up there too. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. See, it's common to anybody that works on a station that does sports. What we need a newspaper once in a while, and Rhett Warrner's comments a couple of days ago, about this crappy organization, about Terry Murray, and about how they don't give any definitive rules to the young players, and help the young players, you know, and it's happened with all these. That's why nothing happens when these kids in this organization is because they're directionless. No, you're right. You're exactly right. That's where they were. Look at the way Warrner's playing top up there and killing penalties and kicking some ass. And when he was down here, it was like benched after time, because he had no idea they didn't have a specific role for him, and he was like lost out there like I like a stepchild. And buffalo, I mean, they were making some awesome hits. They have never seen the hits like that. Well, I'll try to understand for 180 pounds, Michael Peck is the best hitter in a national hockey. Boy, he was hitting the kick. I'm serious. Okay. I'm going to make great series. Good luck tonight. Thank you, Nick. Forstrate, get the broom out. Hey, all you Dallas fans, get the broom out and get a broom out and get a broom out. 560, 560, pound 560, unemobile one line. I just can't even begin to imagine what those taxes are that are rolling over the machine behind me. Can you imagine? Oh, sure I can. Here's Miramar, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How do you hear Dave Dixon went the way of Alan Corbin, Dick Wilson, but yes. Anyway, in your in your stake house, show you. Did anybody mention Kansas if you stake out some day? Oh, no, that would used to be one of our sponsors by the way. That's a good place. It's a great place. I like dining with the Christians every night on myself. But, uh, reason I called was I was wondering if you were going to throw that article about Pat Robertson. Uh, you know, he was making fun of Scotland because apparently, uh, uh, Fag is pretty popular over in Scotland. And he was, uh, you were talking about boycott and that would be a nice way. And they told him to blow out of the Zancin we aren't going to do the deal and go to hell with this. Well, did you put the pack, Fag Storm? They're blowing it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Look at this. Again, from your boyfriend, that's feeling his own show over the Fag's machine. Andy from Hollywood, we hate to like poison. We don't care if you're getting married and uh, ball, won't, won't, won't. What was all I can say? Lifeless pieces scum. Okay. We got 200. Is that pathetic or what? I can't remember. How can you say that? Yes, I have. She was there within an all-ahockey game. See you forget. What kind of a person would marry that kind of a person? Good question, Cynthia. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the mobile one line. Here's Del Ray B. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. What's all the hype you got going on about Britney Spears? Meaning what? I don't know. You're talking about it today. What's the reason? Nine out. Line out? Exactly. What do you got in and in the world is talking about Britney Spears? Okay. She's got big boobs. Why not? She's a hotdog. Will she in the rolling storm, make it in something? Two wishes ago. Two wishes ago? Right on the cover. Start naked in the middle and the center spread. She's spreading it. Oh, really? Yeah. All right. Hey, can I send that out of the doof bag? Yeah. Can I tell you? Can I send that out of the doof bag? Okay. Thanks. Great call. 567. We got 600 open lines here. Desperate Thursday today. It's not Monday. Is it Monday? Oh, is it a holiday? No. Is it raining cats and dogs? No. Is it the end of the world? No. They all flooded in. No. They care about no storm grains in the plantation acreage. No. They care about anything. No. Oh, this is the only. What is it? The 10th of June. It's paid day supposedly. We got an hour in the foremen. 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. I mean, you talk about a slow shutaway doing business. That they're waiting for an airborne expressing to come over from Naples in the middle of the show when I'm leaving here in an hour and four minutes and there's no check area. Which would supposedly payable on the fifth of the month. On be believable. We ought to do like a shout out of the salespeople. Get direct deposit. You know, which one I'm talking about? Direct deposit. Prop 56 at 560 WQA. Can you see who I am? My family. Who you are? Damn. So, I need to do our. Where when you go to my home? Every time you ask me who could call unless you get that sign. But when you turn to all of us who you need to hear. As every person is to you. I'm surprised who went. You got to write a true picture with a little glass. And just remember to love. Oh, no. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Where there's a number on the bank in the. What you're called for a courtesy of a switch. And before a five turn. It's a seat. Your love for me. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. I want to five. You got to get them all shown. It works for us this weekend. And having a gigantic great meal on me. Oh. Thank you, Joe Costello. You probably put them up to that. By the way, I'm surprised. No, it's on my accident. Yeah. Looking for the opportunity for one time. Like I said. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the four-letter deal. Okay. There's that line. Eight problem again. One more time. Uh-huh. Thanks again, Greg. Read for the great phones system and that lie. I'll be reading rid of this crappy getting their phones system and getting a real one in here. What you're only mentioned for the ten million times. Not that we carry you understand. But it sounds like pure unadulated crap. And how's that check coming? Fifty eight minutes in counting. How much are there people all over town? I'll take it up office pools. And you know what's probably like I said just as well because my bank. They haven't got a clue what's going on over there and I have the idea what I'm supposed to do with the check if I ever get it. Get it. That is well, I guess. Oh yes. Where your neighborhood little friendly and then all of a sudden as soon as whatever it is gets brought out by the big chain. And you can forget about all that friendly knowledgeable personal service because then a whole bunch of people whose names you don't know are in charge. Which is great. Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello. My virgin ears. Yes sir. That was a feedback on there. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Great. Good. I'm going to tell you about a couple things. First off, over we were out in Las Vegas and I told you a while back and go about the Venetia. That was opening up and you were really two familiar but I had so a couple reports about the place. And I don't know if you really want to hear it or not. I don't know if it's up to you. Real quick, yeah. Okay. First off, the Venetia is a very nice hotel. It's a very gorgeous hotel. Each room is sort of like a suite. You have a living room in each of the rooms. Really? You have a living room which is like a sunken down living room. So you're in your bedroom and you go down into your living room. And every view there is fantastic. The range is anywhere between 200 to 400 hours per night or what's a beer and a gambler. And the minimum there I think you have to pay is about 100 hours. And then that's for four hours. And that's that will just get you probably about say one. Yeah. I mean they're really, really very, very strict. But the accommodations there itself are really, really nice. Yeah. I'm a girl by it. I was out there two weekends. I'm going to draw a buy button to get chance to go in. But I don't see any place I'm going to stay. It's always going to be like on a corner. Like the MGMR. I usually stay or the top of canna because then you don't have to no matter where you're going. When you take your renacar, you don't have to fight any of the traffic on the strip. There's nothing more. If it's six in a morning or something, there's nothing worse than being a place where you have to drive even for a few blocks on the strip to get where you're going. I'm about a year. I'm sorry. That's six months ago. We were out there also. And there were just building the Venetia. Right. And I'm unique. A big huge. Piling. Literally fell down on three construction workers. Right. And killed one. Right. And that was like the third time that that ever happened. What's the biggest history? I don't know if you know about that. Any of my last thing is I just want to call date for a boy from Florida, Dell BMW would do something. Okay. Have a great time. Or he did have a great time. Or whatever it is. 560. We got 6,000 open lines here today. And again, the catch got their tongue. All of these things that are going on. And these people are like little limber like that. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a hell and deal. Hello. Thanks, Dixon from WKID. Was it it? WKID in Detroit. Yes. What was it down here? WKI something was it? Was that what it was down here? Channel 51. He was great for state of Washington. Those do it all nighters would be a big sin. And the best product you said you did. No delay. So we used to crank him in high school. Uh huh. They had some show the thin way with this fat swab. Lay down there. You'd call him and say, why is your kids so fat? And she just camera. Beauty. It was great. How about the best agenda for them? Okay. 560. 560. 560. 560. That sounded like they've the cop to me. Didn't sound like he was to brother. Didn't he just call yesterday? Uh huh. Not that we can be choosing. You do understand that. Now that the way things are going. Here's Naples. Hello. Naples. Now. Yes sir. Hey listen. I'm out here working hard. I stopped through a big phone call. I worked for Airborne Express. I just picked up your check. You'll get in the day or two. Yeah. I'm right. Take care of Naples. Okay. Thanks for the good news. We'll get it in the day or two. Uh huh. 560. 560. We love Airborne Express. By the way, don't we do like Airborne Express? Uh huh. I think so. If I can be called right. Where's the FedEx with them? We lost somebody. Somebody we are not too crazy about. The guy that flipped me off and is, uh, I didn't even remember the name of that. I'll fit. And he struck that one day on Sunrise Boulevard. Blow it out to your ass pal. Okay. But it wasn't Airborne Express. Okay. So we got 54 minutes now until I took a supposed to get here. I mean, that would that would be an act so bushly. So pathetic. I mean, don't you know like way ahead of time when you're supposed to pay your people. Uh huh. Like when that check is supposed to be due. And is it like a sound business practice like to wait until the very last minute? I mean, see what they're terrified of is, oh, maybe like to check a accident. I'll get in my hands before I leave here. And somehow I'll take a half hour out or let's see what took me an hour to get to the bank back. You know, and put it in there until it's going to clear you know what I'm saying? Maybe some of their paying the bonuses this time around. And it's seriously where is all the money going besides John Henry and Wayne high pingo. Where is this company's money going? They're making millions and millions from power 96. They're making plenty of cash from kids. This station's building a fortune. But we got a paper and a sportscraft, but nevertheless, uh, you know, where is all the money going? That everything here is always hand to mouth. Everything has got to be the cheapest. Everything has got to be the least, whatever. God forbid. And then trying to get a check out of these people and having to go through a song and dance. But on payday, that would be a blast to make the life of which I have never heard of. In my life, in my life. But it's the Greg Reid F. and Wayne, maybe. Here's homestead, hello. Homestead. Okay, thanks for hanging on. Thanks for your click. Here's a mobile info, Landerdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. You should know, you've got all the carriers and all the machiners, uh, lovin' you. You keep up laughing. I just heard, by the way. Yes, separate issue. Right. Christian coalition. Yes. As loft, their tax exempt status. Where'd you hear that? I just heard it on a newsflash. I don't know which station I was on, but, uh, Check it out. It must be on your wire. What do you mean you must be on our wire? You think we have a news wire on this station? Are you in a, I mean, like, on our sports wire? And let's check the sports wire and see if that's on the sports wire. Okay. I'll check it out when I get out of here in the get to a real station. Okay. Thank you, sir. Let's hope that that's true. Let's pray that that's true. Christian coalition, my F and A is Sony Belonies, but they're right wing agenda. Sunrise, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I've been all over the ACLU's email list. How come I got CNN on here? All they're not going to shine to come out is a coast of over not killing anybody anymore. CNN cares about the importance stuff? No. What happened was basically the IRS. It's a confidential ruling. So you're not going to get any confirmation out of the government. That's one reason that CNN's not covering it. What would mean confidential ruling? It gets a matter between the IRS and the Christian coalition. Yeah. It's like if a church were denied its tax exemption, that wouldn't get that or public record. Why? It's confidential. It's like if the IRS decides to, you owe them $100,000. That's not a matter that you can call the IRS and say, Does Mr. Act sell you $1,000? Yeah, but the Christian coalition is soliciting public contributions. Though I think the public should have right to know if I don't attack his debt. I don't think it's a good idea. But this is the way the IRS does things. You need to defend the IRS. No. No. So yeah, the ACLU newswriters covering it. And the Christian coalition won't come in to the IRS when it comes in. They do the they will have to attack against it. I'm glad you're the great news. God bless you, sir. Oh, you're welcome. Okay. And don't forget. Don't get this to those. How do you like that? Oh, now we're going to reduce the all of these problems. Okay, now we maybe even can build some storms so we're in a plantation acres. How do you like that? Well, that tax money we're going to get from the Goham. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wyrl-Sline Speed. Yeah, push. Hey, come on. Genesis. Genesis. Was the new new day? Genesis. Genesis. We like what you say. Oh, tell the guy who's taking all those. Take it in. Who's in just so. No one leaves us. And lying slight like us. We love those. We love those. We speak your life and tell them. You need that, but it's way away. Right, we can tell them that that just makes me the child. And if you go on this road, stop. Genesis. Genesis. Same if not to be the new new. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. That govily feels Henry. And if we're going to listen, you don't like. Yes, it's me, dude. And get a life. We're going to be the new right, right, right, right. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Genesis. Brad Pitt God. 15 at 560 all Jennifer Ramoridio here for the 90s. What inspired that? The guy called and the heat fax has started coming in there. And then the little Jennifer actually called herself. He even sent us all the faxes. He won't waste the paper and kill all those trees. We love Jennifer. Profusely and madly. And yes, she used to bring beautiful guys to the station all the time that I and Z. Whether you know that or not. And it previous life. What? That new department she assembled. Was second to none. There you go. Okay. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line. We love all our good old buddies like Tom Hopkins. And Jennifer Ram. Like I said, come on. Come on. Here's Miami. Hello. We'll never bring you any food ever again. You won't grow. Okay. Thanks for the phone. He voice. Okay. And guess what? We don't want it. Dreck man. 560. 560. If he tuned in late, I'm brought the steak knives back with. They haven't shown up today to pick up this silverware in the dishes. I can't imagine why. They might just be waiting until after I leave. But I brought those expenses. They're nice back from Muslim. And we'll unski because it just wouldn't be right. To tell you the truth about that. Meal a bar yesterday. And like I said, I really do feel bad. They went through a lot of effort and work. And they put on a big a dog and pony show. And the whole song of the dance. And. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Okay. Sure. I thought they forgot about the son of West Coast. I don't know man. So love you. Hey. Excuse me, employee. You're talking about where that money is going. You know where it's going. Straight into the pocket for those honored souls name. Beesley. Let's see. Only places for eight or three minutes to go. I still don't see any paycheck from the Beesley. Meat people here on payday. Jesus. I just had a little better. As well. I said, we only get six. That he's a loose man. You're the only good thing I'm ready. Okay. God bless you. 42 minutes and 42 seconds in counting until 2 o'clock. And a check needs to be here. Certainly by 2 o'clock today. Because I'm not going to sit around here and wait for half hour to see if the airborne express man is, you know, going to show up while mommy's cooling your heels with my lunch over there. Nowly would. What? You can go hang out with all your good friends downstairs. Right. That's for an office. No. I'm not going to hang it out. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, dear. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. No. The word is out there. Okay. And it's not only the decryption coalition. Get the tax exempt that is not out. It is on the news. The executive director came out and made a statement. And he said, and this is a quote. We have been around for 10 years. We're going to be around 10 years longer. And we're still going to get money. He made that quote. Yeah. And these guys are saying that there's nothing on the line about it. Well, I mean, I didn't make no sense to me because if anybody that's soliciting the public for funds, they're going to be right to know whether they have tax exempt status or not. It didn't make any sense to me. Of course. You know, well, it's an outfit. All of Harvey. Oh, my God. Oh, Harvey. Oh, my God. Wow. Okay. He must be in mourning about it. The only guy that didn't do it is your buddy, uh, lush lot of the Lord, but. Okay. Thanks for the good news. God bless the IRS. 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we continue searching for the ultimate truth here, man. We're searching for it. By the way, speaking of ultimate truth. One other thing I clipped on today, which almost a half of page added on page 11. Uh, see in your son settlest morning in the sports section and advertisements. You know, here again, the government just doesn't, they just don't care. They don't care about the health of the public. They never have an in ever will and it's getting worse every minute. Who's supposed to control this stuff? The FTC or whomever food and growth. And the FDA and all these other people. Here's another one of these great ads. You eliminate starvation dieting, swirling fat fighters, super pill, guarantees rapid weight loss from Mesa Arizona. Flushes calories right out of your body. And this one is called the, uh, what is it called? The fat fighter. There you go. That's a good name for it. The fat fighter. Oh, oh. And it goes on after Per, I mean, this is almost a half a page. And here's, uh, broad loss 48 times. It is six weeks. Here's one at lost like 7,000 pounds in five minutes. Dorothy in California. It says each day, a lotus absolute visible result as you're unwanted pounds of fat, flat, and said you like completely disappear. However, a word of caution is in order because fat fighter is so effective that removing years of ugly fatty deposits and because fat fighter has absolutely no side effects. There is a tendency for some people to overdo it. Do not allow yourself to become too thin. If you start to lose weight too rapidly, limit your pill intake or even skip a day or two. Have a goal and mind and try not to go beyond it. Company offers extraordinary guarantee. And then it's gotten address and it's only like 69, 94 or 430 days supply or 99, 85 or a full 90 is supplies, 820 bucks. Here's another, here's the magic diet pill. No, no risk, no side effects. Just be careful, don't overdo it. And it says eat all you want. Eat all you want. And lose weight. It's not often believable. The fat fighter. And they're putting this in the newspaper. Just like every Sunday morning, you turn on your TV set in there's 4,000 infermursals for how you can lose fat while you're reading it. Just sit in there on your ass. Why you're sitting there watching TV? You're just going to start shrinking away like the invisible man. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in 4-laternal. Hello. Mobile in 4-laternal. Okay. Here's our last call, Mobile in Daniel. Mobile in Daniel. Hey, Daniel. How you doing? Let's talk to you about the Stanley Cup Champions that we're here. I want to give you one thing. Michael Peck, I think he's a great, great forwarder. For now, I'm a little bit less than everything. Yeah. He's a watch for now, don't you? Yeah. When it comes to lining up with the yoggers and all these people in the heat, he really plays really good with them. He had that with the zombie. But I don't think they're going to be able to stop Dallas. I mean, once they stand what? On all the fire that they got like Mike Modano, the two-in-dives, the soup off the hatch, but then I'm going to be able to stop them. Let me ask you this. How did Dallas do against every week Edmonton team? Did they really squeak through an at-series? What did they really get done? But we got between the fire. I mean, they're playing for now, man. I mean, all these people, everybody's got something to say about their alcohol. What does that question mean? Who did Edmonton have behind the pipes? We don't have our last year of this year. I'm talking about this year that Edmonton gave my every game as a one-gold game. But they won though. They're really squeak by against a very, very marginal team that just barely made it into the playoffs. What do you laugh about? What's so funny about that? The funny thing about it that they made it to a family of championship regardless of what? Are you a journalist there? You have no idea what you're talking about like, what's wrong with you? What's wrong with you, Edmonton? Who's not playing the pipes? Who's the better gold tender, dominant, magic, or Bob Essenda? Who's the better gold, sir? It's a stack of what's out there. So what's the comment was that? What did that mean? What I'm trying to say, Buffalo started as the number seven. What's the big deal? They got there, and what did they want? They wanted to have any difference what the seed was. That's why they played the playoffs, sir. If there was only based on seeds, they played the regular seeds. I think you got seeds in your, correct? So, we'll pick a few, okay, pal? Another guy that has no idea what he's talking about. And if you were to watch Buffalo like the last couple of months of the season, you would have seen what a tremendous team they've got. If you would understand anything about it, which you obviously did not, highly underrated team. Not a lot of big names, but tremendously underrated. A lot of talent. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pomp-a. I'm going to tell you seriously, and this is the truth. I hope we have a lot of people listening on the audio in it today. In places like Toronto, and in places like Detroit and Weber else, where they're like real hockey fans to understand again. The knowledge of hockey down here, it's not exciting. You can't complain about it because it doesn't exist. It doesn't exist. There are maybe 50 of us down here. They're really loving to understand the game. And the rest of these people just like this guy. But that's not the fact that we know he knows a couple of names. Oh, well, who do they have between the pipes? But he hasn't got the foggy side deal. What he's talking about. The greatest sport in the world. It's all near here on this station as well. You know, there were TV ratings aren't all like great. Big deal, okay? A lot of people watch J. Leno too. Ever hear him say anything funny? No, no. Not in my life. Talk about somebody that didn't just become a caricature of himself, but always was a caricature of himself. God. And a lot of people like it. The little ice cream. And Smith and Rollinsky. 560, 560, 560 on the 182, I better turn my cap around, sorry. Turn my cap backwards. Now if you're a less guilty. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, man. Smith and Rollinsky hands down the greatest of the business. Yeah, well they must not get around too much sir. Hi there Ambulal. Thank you. I have a fresh gas pedal, off my right foot. nuts settle down. Otherwise you'll never cry. ... There's a Southern on the center. because I've ever been in the world. Yeah, well, they must not get around too much, sir. I get around more quiet. I think a lot more than you do. Well, I don't think so. I got it. I've been through the first question. Yeah. And this is the same guy that you call yesterday, with the same song that it ends. No, it's not a different song. It's not a different song. It ends with the same old part that call yesterday and tell me this. Probably going no good food. Yeah, see, now you admit now it is the same guys. I don't know. Yeah, absolutely. So that you're a liar. First you weren't the same guy. Now it is the same guy. And number two, I hope you have a good time there. Okay, gum it real carefully. He's gumming. He's gumming. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the on the 18. If you like it, sir, I'm not going to go on the air. It's a don't eat there. If you like it, great. I'm happy for you. I'm giving you my opinion. And believe me, I have no ulterior motives. They came in here and put on a bunch of a lot of effort. Put on a big shot of that. They were very, very nice. But I'm not going to say to the end of the piece of meat. That would be, that would be gross test gun to my part to tell you that. And George, by the way, says that what he had yesterday, while not good was 100 times better than the one he had when he went over there, which was inedible. Okay. So you can keep going. I don't know about you, but if I'm going to go to a restaurant, if I'm going to listen to people critique restaurant and old guy that puts his teeth in a glass before the meal starts, I'm not usually going to depend on his critique to find out what a good meal is all about. Okay. So the hits keep on gunning, okay, sir? 1, 26, and 5, 60, WQ. I'm getting a choke-up just thinking about that guy. He's over on the beach. Want a lovely top, little boy? I can't take too much, but it shoots right out my ass. That's for Kenna bring up. Blue me to the Kenna. I'm around, I'm about to start. I'm about to start. I'm about to start. I'm about to start. I'm about to start. I'm about to start. I can't take too much, but I can't take it at all. I ask for a trouble, let's drop. And especially, so are the tall. I can't take too much, but it goes through me too bad. And three, five, I do need it. I have to change my hand. I can't take. I can't take. I can, I wish. One thirty two. I'd like to start this out over game. One, one. One thirty two. A five, sixty, WQ. And the hangover show with two. Clock, we got the Kimbo Camper. Six NHL hockey Dallas hosts. The Buffalo Saber is game two way to clock tonight. Speaking of that, by the way, so I get Carlos brings in. In your corner express package here and I'll blow up. Which of course wouldn't be addressed in the anyway, but silly me. And I'm opening. I look at it first of all. Doesn't look too promising, OK. That it's going to be my check because it doesn't cover me. It comes from Dallas. Here's Mark Simmons. We know Mark Simmons. Does that name ring a bell to you to me? I don't have no idea who that is. But evidently he knows me because it says, here's some toilet reading material. For you from the redneck point of view, good luck stars. Mark Simmons. And here's the, you know, here's the Dallas morning news after the first game. This is yesterday's paper. Saber sends stars reading is what it's it. And there's Michael Pecca, knocking the Jamie Lengen runner on his ass. I just go on air, Michael. And that's it. So that's what's in my airborne express package is we have 27 minutes to go until 2 o'clock. And the checker course still isn't here, which is always a good way of course to like stall off on more day and say, Oh, it'll be here tomorrow. You follow what I'm saying? I mean, this is they do this all the time. Now usually with paychecks, this is never have a way to paycheck before, which of course constitutes a breach of contract. You do understand that. You understand that? Oh, yeah. That was a paycheck. It wouldn't do that would they? Uh-huh. Well, you know, the dog the pony got sick. They can make up some kind of cockman you excuse. To use the word slow pay would be such an unfair, this company slow pay. That would be the greatest compliment that we can give them. It would be like saying that our lunch yesterday was different. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, and yeah, I was going to talk to you about the stars and sabers. You know, if you look at, if you look at that series, even though Buffalo did win the first game. Uh-huh. If you look at a seven game series. Yeah. I don't see how Buffalo could outdo Dallas. Why is that? Well, because just by virtue of look at the first game, the shot song goal, it wasn't for Hatchick. Uh-huh. That game would have been a six, a six, one game games aren't one based on time. I understand it. But Hatchick, goalies like Hatchick and Curtis Joseph, for it's a use in other example, are used in making a lot of shot song. Well, in fact, this past season for the least when Joseph made 30 saves or more, his record was almost unbeatable. He may have lost maybe one or two games in the playoffs, but other than that, he won virtually every game when he made 30 saves or more. Yeah, but if you want to wage your own a situation like this, I would certainly. I don't wage your own situation. This isn't a gambling show, sir. You have to call one of the other shows. No, I don't bet on sports. I bet on my horses, okay? Not on those well games. But I'm saying, if you look at the two teams, wouldn't you say that Dallas has the more, the better chance? No, I'm not. Absolutely not. I think that the Dallas has got a lot of old parts out there. And in the longer the series goes on, the more favors Buffalo, which is a much younger team. I'd be willing to bet two pounds of that. Not like that though. Yeah, okay, whatever you say. Bet this, two pounds of that, okay? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And they won't even waste your time talking to me about hockey. I think the refugees will be happy to be there. I want to go back to prepare myself. See where my brother and family are. Program buttons. I'm alive, that one. Where's that one? Or from the youth. One moment. Now I'm going. Go on. Hello, there we go. Are we on the year? Do we have any idea? We are on here? Well, we just took a little light. Sure, we're going. Like I said, we took a lightening hit. We just took another one and now we're on the year. We're not a little transfer there on that's your question. We have any idea. All I was going kind of sitting here and talking to myself, although I've been there. I'm going to get a little safe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, where does that? Thought it would be like the end of the world again. The damn TV would not look at us all of this stuff when I was in Poland. But I was no clear idea of how long these were. The TV pots aren't just running. What is this? The lights here goes out on the wall. The TV pot is on. I didn't turn it on. I turned it off. No, the lights are on. Well, it's an act of, look at that. That's not working either. Oh, you want to know why? Because this thing reset to it's on a wrong guy dead bank. How do you like that? And it's still not work. The only thing that does work is the CD players when that happens. Because everything else has a reboot. But it's lit up. It says like it's going to work. It's threatening. But it's not working. Okay, let's do a break and then we'll like to blow our brains out. Okay. It's all an active guide. No paycheck. It's only payday. No paycheck here. The power goes out. TV is out, which of course, now I can't watch all the naked people on 2, 17. Wait a minute. Now you're assuming that's going to work. Okay. Just give it a shot. I don't know why you were off the air. But I did see a Smithman lens keep trucking apart. Ah. Oh, and this thing ain't working. That's your favorite to understand. Not, not I'd say that's our cancer. Although, yeah, I went there and gave them another chance about three weeks ago. And had a very good meal there. But I had prime rib. Yeah, but you know, it's really the same thing that it's inconsistent. And I had at a five times I've been there at three bay of experience. Not too good. That's like two out of five that's 400, which is a bit bad in every. It's enough for restaurant, not for meal. For a hockey expert like me. Yeah, that's that. I almost called you. If I would have had to phone in the car. You're fishing. You know, I was trying to know. I know you made a good point to start it when you said all these names of all these X-panthers showing up in the finals here. And then the first call you get around the boxes of the guy who had no idea what he was talking about. He was in the college. Still Barnes has only two goals, which is a lie. He's got five and he's been hotter in the pistol, the last couple around. And he's known for being a power play guy that's where there's a lot of goals that are power play. He's been playing great. You know, I think I had no clue what he's talking about. You know, something else too is this team in Buffalo. They've got four lines, right? Right. And they like they know a play. That's right. And they play well together. And that's another reason that if it's a long series, contrary to what this last tool was saying, the odds are with Buffalo because they're younger, they your Lindy refuse all four lines and they're all four good lines. He doesn't have like a throwaway line. And you notice they're not playing the Goons Rob Ray is not playing these games. There's no fighting in the play off. So he's not going to waste his time with that. He's got a fourth line that really plays out there. And Dallas has got old guys, Scroollin and Mike Keen and he carbon was the oldest player to league. He's like 500 years old. If this gets to be a 6 or 7 game series, they got no chance. Is this a tout? Yes. I'd punch my brain after I make it call. Okay, you're money. Not mine. Okay. So a hex is mentioned in the Lensky like once a year if you're there on the right day, it might be okay as well. You say. Oh, this is shocking. 21 minutes before I took a clock and of course that's only important as far as my check is concerned. This thing is dead by the way, the phone thing. We won't worry about that. I'll play some music. I'll just sit here and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. You don't do that. I woke up this morning who was appealing to the spectators. I looked for my pussy, but my pussy was dead. Well, well, well, my cat's still at the weather. So I woke up this morning who was going to get a kitty like that head and head and the well. I got a lot of love and I climbed up to my bedroom. I saw an interesting thing that my first was talking about. Well, well, well, well, not a cat's still at the weather. So I woke up this morning who was going to get a kitty like that head and the well. But now I'm on my own by the phone. Why should foolishly do she do? But now I'm like a kitty and have that pretty ass pussy that fell in the weather. Then have a love of pussy that could quite come down with her. Really have a big share with her knowledge of this guy. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the weather. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. She was a good kitty, she got that head and the well. If you have a pussy that you wouldn't try to tell. Nevertheless, her wanderer or she might fall in the well. Well, well, well, my cat fell in the weather. Or for a split split split, give a kitty my cat fell in the weather. Oh, well. It's 145 at 5.50. WQM, you're inept station for the 90s with every time somebody farts. We're in a five mile radius. We go off the air. So we had like a little technical problem in here. Clap the thunder. Must be the end of the world again out there. Nobody's telling me about it. Just waiting for me to go outside and enjoy it. Just what we needed to get, especially in the acre is baby. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T while it'll slide 15 minutes and counting until paycheck time. From the measly read people. Is it here yet? No. Seeing any evidence of that check? No. I'm not leaving here until I have that check in my hand. Here's the four-later deal. Hello. Nick and Neil got. Yes, sir. Are you done? Okay. Yeah, I'm from Detroit. And I got goosebumps from there about day of addiction. Yeah. 60 years old. Yeah. Unbelievable. I'm upset. I'm only 43, but I grew up in the 60s. Kind of there. And we used to actually have a lot of kids. I'm not really a kid. I'm just a kid. I'm just a kid. I grew up in the 60s. Kind of there. And we used to actually skip out on a school. Take the bus downtown. Detroit is a 33rd floor. The David's start building. And watch him do his show. Really? Yeah. It was great. And we dropped stuff out of the windows. Like orange isn't. Right. It makes splashes on the sidewalk and all that. But yeah, he convertible. A lot of people in the ways of listening to radio. We also listened to the top 40 on CKLW and WXYZ and Keener. And then WABX came around and changed the whole scene up there. It was unbelievable. So he will be greatly messed. Definitely just wanted to say that. And good show. You've been really hot. You show has been incredible. We'll pass him on to the two. Keep it up. God bless you. Hey buddy. Okay. How did it? Okay. Turn. What was he saying? He said, he said, Keener 13. Oh boy. Those are the days when we had real radio personalities and real radio stations. And real jingles. What's here? Some jingles. Okay. Come on. Okay. 560, 505, 60, palm 560. On the AT&T line. It's another active God. He's pissed off. Thunder ring lightning. It must be pouring again outside. Just what we needed more this crap. 13 minutes of counting until that check is supposed to be. Here's it here yet. No. The program director. General manager. No. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Leading Hollywood. Oh, Neil. Yes man. Hi. I called him about the six years ago. Do you remember when you had bellpuff? And I said, Neil don't worry about it. Go away. And it did. Yeah. Remember just like it was yesterday. I had like tinker bells. He just looked like a little bit. Yeah. But you know what I want to say? I did tune in kind of way. But I lived in Connecticut. I drove to Spentway. I drove to Yankee Stadium. I go to Shay. Sometimes I'll buy myself. So there's no reason why anybody down here can't get to any of these. You don't understand. They don't care. It's not a question. Why they get there. They don't care. They don't have an interest. I mean, on this station, you know, to put on a good show because we got to make some money. We got to keep pretending that this is a sports thumb. It's not. They don't really care. The reason why they go to the arena when a Panthers are playing is because it's the social event. They don't care about the game. Right. You're right. I don't get you. Get your check and uh, put up. I love your show. Thanks. Bye. I mean, we can if like being a dead horse, we can keep pounding on this thing like a man it's just we can wrap on it all the year long. But you can't make top liver out of a dog crap, you know, and you can't make sports fans out of people are in different and don't care. I mean, I would understand that there was something else you could say besides early bird dinners and things for free. You know, if you could tell me, you know, substitute the other things that they have an interest in I've been working fever, three to twenty three years to find out what those things are. had any success? No. Early bird dinners, things were free. That's basically it. Other than that? No. 560, 50560, on the AT&T wireless line, it's 11-42, the Hank Overseer or two. And I may be out there in the hallway just with a hammer. Just knocking holes in the walls or something about what said? Is that my check? My check sure off? Oh no. Couldn't have been that good. Was it the check? No. What?