Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll-free for David Broward, or Pound 560 on your cell call, the opinions of Neil, his guest, co-alers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions, or the Beasley Broadcast Group. Well, Neil Rogers, of Sports Radio 567-QAM, and first the next word from yesterday's QAM is. No. No. It's why there you wear spears. No. It's an under-national prune month. Regular records present? The Rolling Stones tribute to prunes. Starkey up. No. I've never been a flood-up person. But no, I'm all my tumis hurt. You're also here. You can't always go when you want to meet paper, and I can't get no value reaction. If the Rolling Stones tribute to prune, order now. No. Prune, man, you may go and like it. You're not dead. Yes, I do. Yeah, exactly. Okay, it's 10-07-05-60WQM good morning, too. Steve Tyler, I was listed in the car yesterday. I was just blurring those speakers. They were thumping and pumping and bumping in the speakers, too. I was thinking of myself. Steve Tyler was the pop-held brewery of music. Mortal men only can dream of doing the things with their voice that he can do. You know what I'm saying? Oh! Speaking of pop-held brewery, by the way, sideline two to three weeks. Oh. It's right. He's under going Arthur, I got free scopic, I need surgery right now today as well. I speak. I expect it to be out two to three weeks. So I don't want to say it's all over boys and girls, but tomorrow night it's not to be a real test. Real test to see if we have any real men left on that team. You know what I'm talking about? By the way, speaking of real men, I see the ratings around. It was arbitrends for November, December, January, the latest Rolling Three Months. And guess who kicks serious ass by the way? Yeah, you guessed it. Oh, God! Right. Mornings actually went up a little bit there. Huh? That must have been because guilty miss some of those shows he was on those trips, you know, with a hockey tin. Mornings actually went up a little bit, not nothing too spectacular, but I shop there guys in the morning. Don't get, you know, don't go buy an un-new house, but they went up a little bit. Thank God. I think Hank must have had some of those bad press conferences last month. A little bit of a problem there. But boy, did we kick some serious gigantic ass? And again, like guilty was saying, the day it must be an accident, must be a mistake. And I see the TV ratings out to Tom Jick, I finally decided to write something all over to the business section in a son sent all the day. Here's a mobile on sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to take my issue on going through right now. I got up this morning in the license plate was gone off my car. Yeah. And along with an note saying that it was taken away because my insurance being inspired. Yeah. What's my insurance carrier? I've had insurance since the end of September. Yeah. And now here I am running around today trying to get my driver's license reinstated. I'm going to go get a new license plate. Yeah. I'm missing $200 that I want to make today going to work. Yeah. Well, don't do it again. OK. Now what was I talking about that was so important? The ratings. Oh, yeah. The ratings. I'll get to those in a second. This guy, I got a piece of advice to you, pal. Keep your car in the garage. Don't have a garage. Go get yourself a house. That's got a garage. Or put it in somebody else's garage. And then they can't come along and the compass get your license plate. There you go. Tom himself. Thank you, Neil. I'm going to say after 10 at 5, 60 WC will get to those ratings. I'm pouring over these. It's only a trend, but I don't care. And oh, yes, Tom Jick, with the TV ratings. That's what I started to say. And when he actually went up, not too much, but they went up and you want to know why they went up, did they go up like on any of their prime time programs? No. They went up on the heat games. How? It works the lotion in the basket. If you want to get a like a tree in your yard, it's like a wild. When she asked you what's up, what's your kid? Get all of this by a girl. There's a girl with no will to grow. It'll will grow. You will take your life and go. It was meant for men. There was meant for men. Not for men. Your boys will go all the way. You'll be glad that you paid when you finally get laid as fire girl. Shading girls is a such when you've rowed by the inch it's fire girl. On my pills, I won't skimp because I don't want to go to any more. I'm going to go home. And she goes to me. Get it me that I can. Oh, gee on fire girl. 15, at 5, 60, WQAM. By the way, the room around the station about who hit the hit in microphone and that sales meeting yesterday. I don't want to say it might have been raw. That's what I'm hearing. So anyway, getting back to these numbers. Come on. Let's give all the numbers today. And by the way, we've got our short show today. Let's hear it. I don't know, dummy. I know how to kill a first to 5 and a half minutes there with amazing by aerosmith. God is that good. You know, if there's one person in this, I know you hated that song. I played by steps a couple of days ago. You didn't like that. They did like, oh, I'm not sure which one I like better when you come like that. They're like a me. Well, like I said, two different things. Totally different. But boy. And I'm amazing. I know why I like it. You know why you like that. Because it's just powerful. It's just great. But this, I know it's not even on kids. Like a lot of the beat sports music was just a little off key. It was. Well, you know, Carl was real fat. He had a little breathing problem. He's breathing better now. At least he's more relaxed. He's dead. But boy, I can hear music by the beat sports. We sure had some too bad. We don't have FM. But even in spite of being a, I'm going to tell you something. Thank you very much. By the way, even Bluff Lindsey came down here and took my hand this morning. Of course, we both put on rubber gloves first, but nevertheless 12 plus this for an eight for this radio station. It must have been the promotion we got like Hank is always saying, I must have been it. Must have been that heavy duty promotion that Greg read provides for us. Not, you know, is the one thing out of so many, but the one thing that sticks out in my mind of the 13 months and five days that we've been on this radio station is being in that elevator one day. Coming up with John Girus. I really don't know exactly what John does except drive a big expensive car, but he's a pretty good guy. He's a good one of the few good people in his place. He's a real good guy. But he were talking about these TV spots that Norm had just about take Greg read to court because if it was in my contract, they were supposed to promote the show. You know, you bring the around you to QA in. You give some promotion. What a concept. And so anyway, John Girus said to me, well, you know, the agency people are coming into the, and we're going to, you know, get going with those TV spots that Greg promised you in your contract. And it was the way he said it. And again, he's a good guy, not knocking John Girus. He's a really good guy, but it was just the way he said it because it made it so clear that in other words, we don't really promote anybody on AAM. We don't do anything. We don't spend a dime. In fact, the fact that they went out and bought a few t-shirts. They had like a big celebration party traded out of course to celebrate the fact that somebody sprung for a few bucks for t-shirts that's a QA AAM on them. Do we have any bumper stickers? No, keychain? No. Anything of any meaning for the audience? No. But we got a few a t-shirts. And then just, just sticks in my mind the way he said that, like, you know, well, you know, if we know it's in your contract, and we know that unless we actually go through with us and do it, you'll sue our ass. So, you know, there we're going to come in and we'll get around to doing this. And of course, then they did come in and then they slatted all that pancake makeup on me and they made Hank look like he had melanoma from head to toe and what a disaster that was. And then immediately as soon as they ran that, I can't paint the numbers went down. Our ratings went down from the way they promoted. So, like I said, it must have been the great promotion from QA AAM that put us to number. This is the really shocking. Should I get humbled and thank the audience now? They don't want to hear that. They want to hear you assholes. Life WLLF. This is a 12 plus. This is the entire audience, which AAM stations just don't appear. Especially ones that speak English. Don't appear in this category usually. WLLF has a 6.5 share number one. Number two, 12 plus midday WQAM. 5.2. Now that's 10 to 3. 10 AAM to 3. p.m. So that means we're doing what close to a 6-year. More? You think more? Yeah, I think it's like a 2.6. Listen, those press conferences will kill you. I think it was just that one. It went around for about 45 minutes. Yeah, that one day. That will kill you. But anyway, we're doing over a 6-year. On this radio station. And yesterday, I don't want to mention that little pork again because I wouldn't want to dig the fire. But it just astonishes me that this guy takes himself seriously. Because nobody else does. And like I have to answer. Remember what they said in the Godfather you have to answer for Centino. Michael told Carlor, you have to answer for Centino, Carlor. That's why he sent the Vegas. But he didn't. The card didn't get too far. It was another one of those accidents. But nobody got hurt. Well, oh, hi, Kyra Clemenza. He just happened to be sitting in the back seat. Would leave Garrett or some kind of a Garrett. Remember leave Garrett? Wonder what she's doing these days. So anyway, of course, men 18 plus 10 AAM to 3.pm. Let's, is that thing still in here, by the way? The thing that goes, we're breathless about it. That is screw-and, by the way. If anybody has any doubt, you think that the Monika story is spectacular. And in fact, let's bring Andrew Morton in here. He wrote the Diana book. He wrote this Monika book that's out now. And we clearly write the screw-and book. Yeah, that's what you'll be saying. It makes Monika look like a piker. It rhymes with, so men 18.pm. 8.9 were figuring out like close to a 10-shier. In this way, this trend, every demographic of gigantic. Morning's like I said up a little bit. Nice going there, guys. Keep y'all the travel and a round-lock. Keep moth that show you'd be surprised what you could do. And in the afternoon, like I said, I haven't like a, a little bit of a problem there. I think they could have a Hank was out of breath and nearly croaked. That wasn't January. Wasn't it, remember that? Was that in February? Yeah, I was. I was in February. I was in January. I wasn't that in February. Huh? I remember exactly when that was. It was a few weeks ago. Oh, and had to be. It was at the end of January because it was when they were doing the super-wals stuff. That's right. It was doing that week when they were, it was Sam was trying to kill Hank and running them around. Doing 100 yard dances to try to get on the urine time at P.P. stadium. They'll kill you Hank. I'm telling you, this place will kill you. So it's quite of the lack of promotion. It's quite the fact that we're on an AM signal with a very marginal signal. Nobody gets indoors. Here we are. Nice going, Neil. Thank you. I'm slapped myself on the back. Because I know the people in newspapers while it's only a trend. We know right about trends. Of course, the last two books that came out, rating books they didn't write about those either. Did they? No. You little bald head of geek Tom. But in the business section, here you go. TV rating signal many winners. And Tom Jick has said, there's good news for everybody. It's like every rating book. If you look far enough, everybody's got a story. You know, number one in Pygmies, number one in blind people, number one in folks that, you know, with no arms who can't change the dial, everybody's got some kind of a story. By the way, there is one very interesting thing in Tom Jick has column this morning. And I don't want to get started in another ethnic thing here. Don't say, I don't want to get started on that jag. WLTV channel 23 continued to be the only Spanish language station in the United States. To dominate its market almost every important time period, including the overall sign on to sign off, 7 a.m. to 1 a.m. Remember that, that business, there was a word that they used to use a lot when I first came to town. Well, not in the 80s. And the first three letters were S, ASS, assimilation. Is this taking place? No. No. There is no S. assimilation in this town. That's why channel 23, 20 trace no spaghetti in glazes still number one by a million miles. And that's why this is like a banana boat republic. Because it just ain't never going to change. And like I said yesterday, you can keep screaming about it, which I'm not going to do. I just mentioned it in passing, father, paranoia. Liji, a cab, boy, I'm going to tell you there was an actor. Whatever happened to the great actors, you know? The great actors and actresses, the people who were like icons of the movie industry, the Humphrey Bogarts, the William Holden. Huh? So I'm not talking about Peter Fincher, he's dead too. But I'm just talking about the fact that today is so called outstanding movie stars, most of them suck. Most of them really suck. And the ones that are still around like Jean Hackman or Al Pacino, they've been around, you know, we're talking people that go back into the 70s. If you're looking for greatness. If you could name me one actor or actress who's come along like in the last decade, if you could name me one, Jean Cisco will pop out of his box and review all those persons movies right here on this show. Could you do it? One really outstanding sensational actor actress in the same vein as the people I'm talking about. No. How about Edward G. Robinson? Oh, he's dead. He was great. Here's a cross-spraying, you saw, though. Yeah, yeah. Did you listen to Peter, where well, this morning? No, I didn't have all this in the lecture. Yeah, I just, I was not in the music. I was listening to your aerosatism. Where? But you're saying, I'm somebody, well, I mean, you nice play professional sports. Did you have a say any reason why everybody stood around and let Pavel Berigot slam dunk by Adam, put that in the other night and nobody we call needed to think. That was a serious hit. Really? Pavel, how come the crowd was ready to have a riot? Everybody was standing and screaming and filming a bomb? I'm unbelievable, Neil. And then they asked him, well, you know, now that you lost Berigot for two or three weeks. At least. What are you going to do? He says, as we walk was going to be playing. I had a call with this. Yeah. He says, well, you know, we were playing really good before we got him. So we'll just have to start playing really good again. They were playing really well before they got him. They were playing really well before we got him. I know my brains left the center. I just lost a couple hundred pounds and everything. But we were playing really well before we got him. We'll just have to start playing really well again. You lost a couple hundred pounds? Yeah. How do you do that? I still got a couple hundred pounds to go. But can you believe? How did you do that? Well, just a nutty. That'll do it. Yeah, I didn't think I'd be able to do it. But you're just like a jerk. Yeah, I can believe it. I mean, you're maybe going. Yeah, you guys come under and they always make excuses. And I noticed that we even quoting Robby, Neetermire, and a paper again this morning and one of the columns. I mean, what's the fun in doing that? Isn't that ridiculous going to him for a quote? Well, they went to him. They had him on this morning too. And he couldn't even talk. They had Robby on this morning. Yeah, they had him on for a, well, they didn't have what they asked for. What? What's remark was that he couldn't, he just couldn't believe that he was caught in the crease. Yeah, now we got there. That's what he said. I just didn't know how he was standing. He's like, oh, that's like the rhythm discussions. We just don't know how we got here. Okay, thanks, pal. I got the good work. There's a guy that's losing weight. That's a good, no. Why don't we get in food from Metzon, Othed today. Just thought I would mention that. We're getting a nice lunch. And we got a short show, which I started to mention before. I got carried away with these ratings, which I haven't even gotten into yet. We got a short show because we got weight in here this. Marlins baseball. And by the way, I can't comment. I know this said Barry Jackass has got another lengthy column today about the Marlins and QAM and are they moving in his Wayne Pistoff and who's paying his one. Can't comment about any of that. So that's not because it's under the vacation, but you know, who cares? All I know is that we got a stupid exhibition game coming up 1250 today from Vera. Johnny Dirk, the music and you. Get ready. Mats and Matt are sticking to Zhu's basketball net. Ourgts are buildingush crowns girls bustle up. We put ducks on the table rice. So does it include any possible displacement at all. And we ain't in my house There's no best at all There are all strides Let's spread what's laid down And in short, just with short being Oh, okay Before we lose our ass, pick that panda Oh, like that, that's that Oh, that's that, that's that Oh, that's that Oh Great paddle tease liked the panda It's not it's coming 1032 at 560 WQM we have an open line at Broward 560 and pound 560 at a mobile one line We got big numbers here baby. We're kicking serious ass on this make believe radio station. Whether they like it or not. And the rest of the station you need to get with the program and join in the 20th century which is almost over already by the way. In case you haven't noticed. And start like doing real radio shows or you can get left in the wake. Okay, you can get left in a big fat gigantic. Wake. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Yeah, New. How you doing? Well, welcome back. Thank you so much. And back from one. Well, from your vacation. Oh, a little late. I had a little confusion about this ethnic thing last week on CNN. They had a in its show to international conferences students in Nevada. Oh, but a one point. They showed the African Cuban American Cuban culture of a day they had to get dance presentation. Now, last week will be an African Cuban call. That's like a Canadian U.S. Lovian culture. Well, what does that mean? I don't know what it meant. But last week, George was saying that Cubans are white because it comfortable. Well, we know, well, we've been in a couple Germans and Irish men moved in the Cuba sometimes ago. Yeah. And that they're white and Hispanic only means that you speak Spanish. But you, but you're all white. Well, I think what he means is that Castro once had a bad play to crowd is what he's trying to say. So they're not, they're not white. What, Cubans? Yeah. No. I know that. What the reak Puerto Ricans are white. No Colombians are white. Well, George was telling everybody on the show. Next to Cubans are white. Next to Cubans are white with a good sunset. Exactly. But as we lens are white, if they're in the closet, they're white. Residians are Indians. Ha. And Cubans are Cubans. Exactly. They are what they are. Like they said in Godfather 3, you are what you are. Exactly. Well, I'm glad you cleared that up. Okay. And have a great day. All right. I was to came. You'll be the one. Two open lines in, see. And let's see how the Cubans stations did by the way. Let's see if we had this tremendous trend in the midst of a big ethnic. Oh, yeah. Look at that. Man 18 plus overall. Who's number one? WEDR 6.2. Drop it a little bit. But still number one. And look at that 2.0. I'll up to number two in the 18 plus. If we can carry that over to men 2554. And the rest of you day parts are picking up your part of the bargain. We can actually get the other part of our bonuses. Some of us here. Instead of having to carry the whole goddamn thing by my big fat pimpley. Correct. Even while I'm sick as a dog. And by the way, sometimes a little later this morning. Yeah. Some time later this morning, my good friend, Dr. Stanley, he's going to have the results ready, Georgia be calling about my biopsy on my neck. I was doing really good. I felt great yesterday. And actually I sound better today. You know what? I really sound for the first time in months. I sound like me. Not that great, but I sound like me. But at any rate, and I was feeling a lot better than the last night, I went to the track. Now, I don't want to blame anybody else for my own weaknesses, for being a total failure when it comes to my weight, especially when I've been so sick. And I know that a lot of the has to do from being fat and out of shape. But I will say this. You know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. But to track less than I have a bowl of soup, beef barley soup, which if there was barley in there by the way, Shyla Khorms couldn't have found it. But nevertheless, it was good. And then I had a little bit of that cool slaw that they have that they put on every table. And that's it. That's all I was going to have. Because I had a real good food day again yesterday, which I've been doing progressively. And then at that point, the fat man, fat rich says, you're going to have, and this is, of course, is after he's eaten his full meal naturally, which I, to embarrassed to even see what it all was. He says, you're going to have some dessert. And of course, being as weak as I am, that was the end of that. Huh? You're weak, weak. So he has a big piece of chocolate cake that they have like a little bit of marshmallow topping on a really kind of a gourmet chocolate cake. And the waitress says to me, oh, would you like a scoop of ice cream with that? I said, yeah, chocolate. So he just has, you see how this works? He just has the cake. I have the cake with a big scoop of chocolate ice cream, which is very good, by the way. And then today, I'm not feeling as good as I was yesterday. And the scale is back up a pound. And my blood sugar is like soaring, soaring, skyrocketing. So I don't want to blame fat rich, but, you know, cut the crap. So stop it. But you're like I've said before, fat people, when they hang around with other fat people, like elbows, they need a love to make sure that you stay fat. They can't stand if you have any success, because then it puts them under tremendous enormous pressure. And I'm fat. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. There you are. Yes, sir. If I tell me, how you going? Okay. Listen, I'm Cuban, and I'm white, and I got blue eyes. And my background is from Spain. And the early, uh, I'm here from Spain. Well, but I'm Cuban. Yeah, but Columbus, I was warning Cuban. I was worried that it is a balance. He became like almost a tangent. A woman. No, no, no, for real. My father, my brother, everybody has got green eyes, blue eyes. White, real white. Well, second, we can't go. He's just Spanish from Spain. He's a white. He's a white. I'll background is from Spain. But we're everybody's from Cuba. We're also humans. Yeah. Okay, now, I'll push the laws in and I'll go. Okay, I'll even answer every day. John. We have an open line in, uh, Howard 560, 70560, Pomp 560. See, you Cubans better get with the program, okay? Because we're, we're taking no prisoners. I'm going to show. We're running away and just hiding from everybody. That's how, gigantic we're doing. At least this month anyway. I know, Tom, you don't write about trends. You don't write about radio. Nobody cares. Everybody cares about television. It's big bucks. When he's got a story. I'll, oh, Tom, at least as a better job than what's his name over there at the, uh, Harold, they both, by the way, write these stories in the business sections of today's papers about the TV ratings. Since it's got a little bit of entertainment and nothing and it's like, like us, making money. That's what it's all about. That's why we got that Marlins game today. Because we're making so much money on it. Although you will hear some of our spots in middle of the ball game bottom. But anyway, so, way in the channel 69, where we had that that now the funk show that disaster. And remember the comments there at the very end with one of the hot shots. It wasn't Maddie, Lesha, with some of their asshole over there. Oh, yeah, we're really disappointed that Neorodger show and we can't wait to find a replacement. Well, guess what? The only non-kids program on whammy in the latest Nielsen is the average rating is highs a one point, ah, rating is the 603 rerun of mash. For the seven heat telecast, whammy averaged four point six rating, the heat post-gain show average 2.5. So all their increases had to do with the heat. That doesn't take any talent to put on a professional sport and it's already got a tremendous following and have numbers from it. That takes no talent whatsoever. Other than just, you know, I have to be having a big checkbook and writing a check. Or like in the case of this place, somebody with a small checkbook promising to write a big check. Oh, I see, there he goes again. That was bad. A Greg Reed's got a big eagle. What did I say? Well, we were on IOD about the deal he made for all these sports franchises. What did I say? I said it then, I'll say it again now. Active suicide, an active lunacy. But it makes him feel like a sports big shot. That's why we're all here. That's why Neil had to come over here to have all these big numbers and bring all this revenue. Even though Neil doesn't do a sports show and he's a screaming old juke queen fact. Because we had to have some way to sustain the ship while we were trying to put all these other pieces of the sports puzzle together to make Greg feel like a real, real, super, a martial art, a martial man. Yeah. Another is very much aware of all the children that were there, all the boys had to stay there. And she is the one who always said that Michael, excuse my expression that he's a faggot and she would say that damn faggot, I can't stand him. Just got found on the train, make the go train, in an actualpit trip to the car, and reach for us let it fight off fast! There's a kick in the roads and roads They've run in front, never touch the eyes But they're saying, they're beautiful And it's fine, all night, all night It's all crazy, when it comes Who's where to figure it's better yet And if still my hand, it touch my chest What's blue and blue? The run my best to came out of my dream And into my life, oh, how it makes me feel fine And just 16, so beautiful and it's mine And 46 to 5.50 WKM of a thankful virtual at Duelo To a flop, we got the booster at 6 And capital in 10 tomorrow, we got the Panthers hosting Carolina, do our Diedemar and I, baby Without Pavel Burridge, he just comes back for a couple of periods And it's like, you know, see you in a few weeks But tomorrow, whether or not, and it's going to be without his Duelo He's got his better boots up, so here's the fact It's, I'm 26 and I would have to say that these actors Are the best of these times, although I agree with George The Sean Pan as much as we can't stand him personally He is an outstanding actor Denzel Washington, do I agree with that? No, no, he's okay, Gary Olman Man, okay John Malchovich Yeah, so so No, actresses, Julia Roberts No, no no no I like Julia Roberts, George Hater, like poison Didn't you like that movie a sleeping with the anti-air, she just Media-occurred? Didn't you like sleeping with the anti-air, man? Yeah, that was alright, but he's no clod, I call bear No, she's no Angry Birdman She's a typical cather and heeperin, or typical headrun So you're saying she's for the birds? makes him more like to be ever much this week. Julia Roberts, she's not weak. I think she's pretty pretty pretty. But this is the same guy by the way who said after I played amazing by erosmith at the beginning of the show this morning said, eh, that's for you to say that and pretend that you really believe that I would lose my faith in the human race if I thought you really meant that. I just know what a prick you are. Meg Ryan and Meg Ryan's pretty good. And Angela Bassett. No. It's as I know you're probably just going to agree with some of them. Oh, I saw by the way, when I was an omitted on their one channel on the cable and the hotel where they have these recent movies, you know, like a cinemax kind of a thing, but it's a freaky and they show them over and over again. It was a it was a dumbest. First, you start watching it and it's a black actor in there, which I can't think of as young guy. Looks almost human. And it was a cop movie where he his partner was his best friend. And then it turned out his partner was dealing drugs. And this guy went in the sting operation and they put and they didn't know whether it was supposed to be serious or a comedy. It was the worst god damn piece of crap I've ever seen in my life. They leaned you along like for about the first half an hour, like it's going to be a serious movie. And I thought, well, this is not too bad. Then they started making it slapstick. And then they're up in a plane and the pilot dies and they're going to crash. Oh, God. That's a movie. No. That's why jeans has got that thing in his green by the way from that movie. That's a good thing. Here's Miami. Hello. New York. Yes, sir. You know, great. First of all, I just had to say you have actual and taste of music. Yes, I do. Absolutely. I mean, I George Sand that amazing by Eros Smith is not one of the great records in history. Well, I listen to that and I get chills. I get goosebumps just hearing it. Well, I'm just going to say you're not. Well, I'm just going to want you to be a part of stone. First of all, I've put it for that for a movie. Yeah. There you go. You know, we talk about, we talk about music. We talk about music. We do. You know, obviously George has a categorized different ways. Well, if you want to categorize an artist, what do you want to go artists who supposedly changed society forever and was a great songwriter, Bob Dylan, is he a good singer? No, I mentioned that to me of a thing. Yeah. No, I can't. He always tries to confuse the argument by changing the topic of discussion and trying to tell him. He's not just discussing great musicians in other words, in terms of composers and lyricist and anything else. We're talking about people who make music, in other words, who are recording artists, not people who are writers. I mean, Bob Dylan is the best example of all. Couldn't sing his way out of a paper bag. I'm thankful to hear him sing one note. You know what, Neil? I'm a big door to Sam, but I pretty much know that Jim Morris was the best singer. How can you say that? Jim Morris, it wasn't a great singer. I mean, I'm telling you. Jim Morris, it wasn't a great singer. Did I hear you just say that, sir? Yes. Oh, my God, I can't believe that. Well, no, I'm not. I'm not like people in America. It's so much vanilla ice cream. I'm a huge day. I'm telling you, I'm a huge door to Sam. I'm a little more interested in there for years. There used to be a big argument about who had the greatest voice in recording history. And people with some people say, Britain, coming to the guest who, a lot of people would say Jim Morris and had perfect, the perfect voice, perfect pitch like Walter Johnson and had perfect pitch. Well, let me tell you, the strange days with the best album I thought they would come up with. Actually, not at all time. But how did you say that Jim Morris and I have a great voice? I guess it's difficult. I mean, it's difficult to judge. It's difficult to judge. Very good voice. I never thought him live, so that's pretty much what you judge a good singer. Well, they had a quick hand, that's what they said when he came to Miami. The other thing, you know, like I was the winner of that webinar concert tour. Oh, yeah. And yeah, great. Yeah, yeah, they prohibited him from coming to Miami. Well, I think in Miami. Yeah, absolutely. Well, in any case, the other thing, the, as far as the ratings go, you know, first of all, what ratings are great ladies, you know, thank you so much. You're helping to continue putting us into places where nobody could possibly believe on a make believe station like this one. But of course, you can't be too successful, therefore we're having Marlins pregame. Right. And that's going to be a real ratings booster as well. Marlins exhibition. I'm just curious. What did the man dog get for Saturday? I was, it doesn't break it down. Oh, okay. It doesn't break it down. Okay. Well, thank you. Final thing, you know? Yes. If you can play out of some of the love and an elevator, just have a little spoiler towards. Okay. See you. What would that dog do? What? This ass sucker who's just on there. Why would that bother me? Because you don't like your roast. I do like your roast man. And I mean, we got a short show. So I sure as long I have time to do like an arrow smith the medley today. There you go. That's a little bit of it. Not all their recent stuff is up to snow. That's all. How about the Beatboy's recent stuff? Yes. Not as good. Because there isn't any. That happens to a lot of bands. That's a lot of bands. That can't be your bringing in something that's not to discussion. That's like saying that Beethoven, his recent stuff isn't up to stuff. So he isn't any good, you know? If you're in a classical music, would anybody with a brain saying that? They would. For it's course got to work to be at a brain. We'll never come to work here. They're great. I love that. I sent you by the way of Beethoven. Yeah, that's a. And Brahms. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty and a mobile one on two. What do you do when you know you've got like a some kind of a sinus infection or some kind of like an infection in your head and your neck? And you can't find a doctor who can diagnose even a hang nail. And it just keeps lingering and it's annoying. You don't feel like anything serious near that dying. But it just it interferes with your ability to live and work in the feel good. What do you do about that? You know, do you go out there and you start like beating up doctors? You're bringing Luca Brotsie to make an offer that can't refuse. What do you do about it? Well, maybe in about another half hour. Have you make that call? It will find out what kind of a grotesque thing I got. Maybe it's like leprosy. I don't even wish because leprosy I understand is highly contagious. I think I'll stop up and see Greg after the show. Here's a mobile and coral jibble. So I'll. Oh, nail can hear me. Yes, sir. I hear you. How you doing? I got an idea for the panthers now. We're going to ship them off the laws to the emulsity. Maybe there they can find a heart, corrosion, some brains and full rear real lucky. We can find a pure balls for Robbie. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. Yeah. Okay. Maybe we can take your Robbie and water paint at the same time. Okay. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Heart for Robbie and a liver for water. We have an open line and Broward 560, 560, 560, 560, the animal mobile one line. So what do I get in fact to these ratings just briefly? Overall, this is some men. Well, that's that's a good category. Nobody cares about women listeners. I hate to break the news to you ladies, but nobody cares. That's a bad thing to say, but it's true. Q AM second and then five point five. Nice going guys. Hot 105, 49 to before eight. Rod you a mom B. See here we go again. Just like that. Univision channel 23. I remember the show I did a few months ago about that. We had a lot of people lie. Oh, they're all watching that soap opera. Well, guess what? That soap opera's not on him. Most of the name of that soap opera that was on. I did a clock at night on the channel 23 as Morrell though. Whatever was that it? I guess something like that. What do you mean you don't know? You knew back then? It was pretty weak, but at any rate, it's over now. It's over. There's some other crap on there. In addition to which from 7 a.m. to 1 an a.m. as Morrell laying on. And there's still number one overall. Because we got all these and those spaghetti and glazed people. And here we just don't want to give it a program. That's why Rod you a mom B. A wacky. You got to be wacky to listen to it. If you don't, be down on the same old tired swill by the way. I mean, a really bad, bad Spanish language. A.m. station. That's why that the only other A.m. station that even shows up on a Richter scale here. Oh, by the way, you know what we didn't check? Now, let's see. Does this, this would include? When did Rick and Sud start the mornings? Well, that's right. That's right. So this will include January, which will show the first inkling, the first indication of Peter Bolder's great move, taking his one successful show out of the afternoon and putting the babbling book in there and the afternoon. So I'll get to that after we do the break. And that could be pretty revealing, Pete. Hang on, tight, Bolder. Oh, my God, won't that be something if the afternoon's take a precipitive dive over there? An addition to which, how come Hank went down a little bit? You think that she did it? Because I know, damn well, the fact that she was between Hank even on his worst days and listening to her. Is there any choice? No. Is there any content? No. I mean, let's get serious. So like we always like to say, when we get those numbers, it was a fluke. We always like to say that, even though we don't believe it. And it probably was. Probably Samantha, I said my Scott's in diaries. Why are you airing, shit like this? I can't take too much, but it's you, right? Outside, as that per Annabrieg, blew me to the can. I'm flying around, I'm so firm, I'm so firm. I'm a firm, I'm a firm, I'm a firm, I'm a firm. I'm so firm, I'm a firm, I'm a firm. I'm a firm, I'm a firm. I can't take too much, but I can't take it at all. I can't have spurred trouble, less drug. And especially, so are the balls. I can't take too much, but it goes through me too fast. I'm free, I'm I do need it. I have to change my hands. I can't take too much, but... What you said is, Jim Morrison had a board fight, but I said, I can't take too much, but it makes it... Slang suspects a game man made pass in Sila Caga, Alabama. A friend of theirs, by the way, but it didn't happen to be one of those, you know, only made a pass at him, so they said, which means you must add bad eyesight. Not a CD's too, and they looked this like they came out of that tree in entry. Stephen Eric Mullins, 25, Charles Monroe, Butler, 21, were arrested this week, and charged with murder in a slang of Billy Jacket there, 39. They plotted his murder for two weeks, beat him to death with an ax handle, and burned the body on a pyrehole tires. And the only reason that they caught him, Butler confessed Monday after seeing he couldn't sleep, and Mullins admitted his involvement two days later, while in jail on unrelated charges, Mullins said, God told him he needed to confess. Stop and think about that again. God told him confessed. He didn't tell him ahead of time, probably not a good idea to do this, okay? So don't do it, but afterward he said, hey, I want you to have a real guilty conscience, you better go and confess, because confession is good for the soul. And he said, okay. Great. Okay, we have two open lines in Brown, one in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Why did I see before Hank is going to eat the, well, he, I guess he is a derail after the game, right? Something like that. Here's a mobile in candle, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just realized why MetroDade can't control crime in the city. I'm at a target supermarket. I walk out, and there's three police cars, patrolling the parking lot, handing out tickets for expired plates. Now, of course, I have an expired place so I get a ticket, not a problem. But the reason they were there, I asked them, I said, this is all you have time to do. He says, well, we have a subspace in here, and it keeps us busy. Right. What does that mean? Do. Private property made, is something to do? Right, private property. Meanwhile, we can explain all the, if you look through the neighborhood section in the paper, then you see all the break, and you wonder what? They're sitting in a parking lot, Hank. Okay, we're going to do it again. We'll get you a relationship, we've got the crap. We have an open line of date, all three, and Howard, happening, all of a sudden, we ran into a wall pretty early today. We just into a big brick one, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's candle, hello. Is it being a rossor? Yes, be a rossor, yeah. They do it, yeah. Okay, I have the material, but I was just thinking back the funniest time on the other station, when like for two weeks, Maribel was doing traffic. Yeah. And you said a few things about it, and the old key events were calling up. I knew it was near those scatters. See, with hilarious. Yeah, all the old cubits that don't listen to the station, by the way. In fact, actually, they didn't listen to that station, but somebody on one of the Spanish language, Ojo, on Provocator Station, got them all stirred up, and so right away, they had them calling us. You know, this has happened so many times in the years I've been on the year in this town. People who don't even listen to the station don't even know what that line name is. Start calling, all worked up into our frenzy, because somebody told them, and usually it's out of context and wrong anyway, but told them I said something that they get all been out of shape about. Whatever happened over here in the business. Not, I'm not. I knew it was near the scatters. Yeah, I think she used to make him movies now. Yeah, I have a great day, sir. Wasn't that mighty bell on that thing? I think I was... Open on a day, one of these lines, they'd know what happened here. Oh, thank God, that's all we need. That's all we need now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Liberty City, hello. Yes, new. Yes, sir. I'll get the bank this morning. I'll send the next testing assistant. And she was sitting there reading a Bible and she just laid it down for a second and plant stuff. And when she plants stuff, she said, oh, where am I Bible? I said, don't lose your Bible. And when soon she said that she said, God, Jesus Christ, they below at a time, but found my Bible. I had to fight my tongue. Yeah, because, you know, just what you were saying about how they are, get all caught up in that religion, and it just came here. Oh, my God. Yeah, she bought 90 years of glass. Think it's a Coca-Cola Bible. Also near, I want to ask you. I'm gonna do a thing one look at her and you know, there's no God. Yes, I'm telling you, man. I'm a wife. She really deeply religious. And I have to put over there. Oh, I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm so, you think you say. I'm sorry. Also, I want to ask you about the satellite. About your guy. You still a day rap. But the satellite dish. Do I still want? Like I should have, the guy to A rap. The same as A-Rab. A-Rab. If A-Rab, I may be saying the wrong thing. You know, no, he's an A-Rab. I could have done a formation. I'm kind of a turkey hit. I longed you head there. Hang on, George of you. Now, it's not interesting. George was just talking about A-Rab this morning before the show. About his own personal satellite, whatever he's doing. And here's a guy looking for the A-Rab. OK, we got one other call on the board and that's it. I guess it's going to be a real short show. Much shorter than I thought today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Anybody got the Monica book yet? Oh, good, because we don't want to hear about it. Yeah, yesterday, my mother calls me. And we had a pretty good show here yesterday. Not bad. Not great. It was OK. And man, you know, everybody should have talked about Monica. Everybody in the other shows. All the TV shows are about, well, of course, that's all they're talking about. Cause they've been talking about it for 13 months. And they're going to continue milking it. Until there's one drop of milk left in it. And we're in her. God forbid that I have to resort to start talking about that's will. Here's my name, E. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Hey, about those people that killed that guy. And that spoke to him and told him to confess. That is spoken to me, too, Neil. Yeah. I just gotta say that when she's spoken to me, he's shown me the right you. All right. Yeah. So, uh, yeah. So what? How's that? How very sad? Like I said, we didn't have anybody else on the phone. I thought we had like a live person on there. We didn't just know they're all, yeah. Just know the jackass with no material, no life. All right. Great. Nice going, pal. Let's hear it. Let's hear it for him. I'm going to have a sitting ovation. We have an open line of data. If he moved quickly, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 50, 60 on the AT&T wireless line, see we went through the last couple of months. These phones have been dead on a door nail on this show. Am I right? Yeah. And it's done making a difference. You know, just because people get phone calls and fact this station is living proof of that. Just because there are people who call in and want to know about that God damn temple of your shiver game doesn't necessarily mean there are a whole lot of people listening to it. Just because you're giving a bunch of crap away and people say, oh, yeah, you know, looking at all the calls on it, poor. That doesn't mean there's a whole lot of people listening, especially if it's really terminal boring radio like giveaways on here. And you notice by the way, since we stopped giving crap away on here, I were making this gigantic comeback last two trends. That's right. So all you snores, okay, go to the flea market and fill out an entry blank. Maybe you'll win something. Maybe you'll win some please. Or give out of our posts and stop killing our goddamn show. Be foe, Sony sports showdowns are a new up to the challenge. Saturday morning, today, only a sports radio 5, 60. This is one of the most amazing moments in the history of my life. First, I was going into this fact that I got to show you how what bad taste some people have. It's all subjective, but like I said, a lot of people like vanilla ice cream. Some clown out there, the top 10 greatest recording artists of all time. What do you hear this was? But even more shocking, I'm even not playing a bit. I'm going right to it. I'm not paying any attention to directions. We got patched atoms on the line. I heard the buzz. I didn't quite hear you. What? Hello, good morning. We got Doctor, I feel good on the line. Yeah, well, I have three months later. I'm still sick. I still got heat in the post. I got my biopsy on my neck, which I still can't get the answers. I did. That's why I'm calling you. I'm sick. Right. I was kind of upset on your behalf and for myself too, because like you were really, really upset. And I was like, how could I convince you that it was going to turn out to be something that just had a little time had to pay off. But it hasn't passed. I don't know where it. He did the biopsy. He called me a moment ago and he told me at the very most. What do you mean he called you? Well, because I was the one that I let him know that I was interested in following up on you. Who are you? Well, that's right. I've known him for some second down here in 18th grade. Yeah. He's a good guy right now. He's a very good guy. He also cares to say, no, does he know anything about that? I'm not talking. He sent it to a world renowned friend of his at the University of Miami. And it's a very non-specific thing. It's a mic. If it's anything, it's a minor contact dermatitis. It was something that touched you and he asked me if I did the line. I said yes. It wasn't the line. But I didn't have the ragsia at the time that you did that thing. Correct. That's right. So we could read it. But I happen to think it's, I would let you open the line. You let it go for a while longer. Everything, we have to decide there's nuisance is, which I'm very sympathetic with it being uncomfortable. And then there's problems. And the problems are the things that can blossom into something else. I want to sit and wait, that's why you haven't heard from me in weeks. I've been listening to you. You sound, you always keep me when I tell you how you feel. I feel like crap. But it's got nothing to do with that. I mean, even when you talk, you know what this is, this is proof of what I said before. It's like you go into your doctor and you say, hey, doc, how do I feel? Yeah. And then this is proof of it. Well, you try to tell how you feel. I feel like crap. In this profession, if you're humanistic about it, which you know I try to be, the fact is that you have to deal with a lot of uncertainty. There are oftentimes there are no definitive answers. These cell reactions slide in under the under the radar. Let us back up a second. Okay. So Stanley, do you want to say a very non-specific, a minor non-specific reaction, most likely a contact dermatitis? Sometimes not to once. Well, see, there's a million things that can do that. You usually look for a pattern and a duration and a, and a, and a, and a, and a, and a, and a, and a rhythm of this thing like, for instance, when I had a rash on my wrists and I've seen a lot of guys with the same thing, I discovered that my wanderer had changed the brand of sparks that they used and that was all it took to give me a rash on my wrist. Okay. Yeah, but Dr. Stanley says you wouldn't have a rash only in one spot. But you can't. It's not, there's no touch. See, now we got two doctors that are going to put the information right off the battery. But I'm not touching. Well, I'm saying is you can. I'm not, I'm not about to pain in my right wrist. The joint pain and the sharp pain in the bone that comes and goes every known. And see, now all these, all these things, I have a, I have, I have not been able to listen as much as I was pain in the back. Well, these are, these are not new things. These are things that I came to you would like three months ago, it's the same thing. They're all very non-specific. Right. They don't have to. Again, we, I had a lady in here with real live line yesterday, real live line. And she had been rathed by her doctors for a year and a half because it was just so vague. It was so nebulous. Nobody could pin it down until she demanded they do a line test. Yeah. And it came back positive. Right. Now I'm not telling you, you got one. And what do you do for somebody with a line? What we treat her with antibiotics for a month. Right. And I gave her, I told her it's going to be a while. We're going to have to take some time, like even a year to find out what the resolution of symptoms is going to be. And to go on with her life because it's nothing more she can do about it right now. Now that do her very best to keep herself in good shape. See, I see, I know I'm a hard ass, but no matter what you say or doctor's Stanley or anybody else says, I believe firmly. Yeah. Then I have some kind of infection like in the inner ear. It's in the ears. It's in my head. It's in my neck. And it, in my head. I don't mean in my head like in my brain. I have like some kind of infection in my head or in my neck. You may recall that the very first time we met when you were working at the station on a causeway. You had been complaining about the air ducts and so forth. And that's what I listed it to you instead. I could try to help you. You know, maybe it's the same thing. Maybe that never did clear completely. Like remember Neil, and maybe this is from that plane that I told you, Bob, we'll come and back with that sick, the war here blowing in my face. Well, all of the, absolutely all of the above possibilities. The thing is, and the part that makes, look, I care about the people who I take care of. There's people I don't care about because they're not going to let me. Right. But the uncertainty part, it's like raising a child. You don't know if you're doing it right until you see down the road what happens. And you have to keep your fingers crossed that you're doing everything with the best intentions. We deal with a lot. If I just hang on another seven or eight months in my go away. Well, I hope it doesn't last just seven or eight months because you don't like to get it off your mind. Well, it's already three. Well, I went three months now, Doc. The beginning of January is our recall. No, middle of December is when it started. I came in there, late in December, I came in to see you. See, what might my instinct as you know is when I get a choice. And by the way, Doc, do you know, a post-good in the African case? He's listening over Cleveland clinic. He wasn't the Adelaide. Well, that's, you know, that's why that's why I stayed away from you for a while. Because I needed to let some time pass and see what would happen. It wasn't the Adelaide. Although I tell you my blood pressure is a lot better taken. The other stuff and it's a lot cheaper, too. But be that as it may. Okay. All right. How you doing on your diet? Anyway, I'm doing real good. I'm doing, given it a fire. Very, very, very well. Up until last night, I was doing pretty good to let it take an ice cream and a top of no park. Thanks to fat rich. But anyway, let's go back to my neck and the rest. Come on. Let's stop, Dr. Patch. Let's get to it. So what did he tell you? What do we do now? What's the next move? He's a Jeff take to and call everybody in the morning. Oh, no. He suggested there's a very good allergy. He said in Hollywood. Yeah. Now, that's the keep doing something suggestion. There's always many ways to do things. The do something suggestion is to go to the allergy and get some patch testing. No pun in 10. That's Adam's test. No pun in 10. The second thing to do is just wait a while longer. And that's a very most put some, you know, I'm sure he's giving you some kind of steroid cortisol cream or something. Yes. But this is my third, they're kind of Schmerrad on that. Take six weeks. You know, in the old days of dermatology, they used to say if it's dry, wet it, if it's wet, dry it, if you don't know what it is, use cortisone. But that was before they learned how to kill people with some of the new drugs. Yeah. So, I mean, just on your behalf, as your friends, for this many years now, my instinct is a bet you're going to go away by itself and you won't even notice when they've just gone. I'll notice because I want your check back then. I'll bet you do. I know. And I don't have the check because when you get up in your neck is sore, like mine is now. And the back of your neck is the sore and you got the heat coming back in your facial a little bit. And all of these things, you don't have to check. Well, I'll tell you what, test, you know, when your ears are still plugged up and you feel definitely that you have like some kind of an inner ear infection and nobody can find it. You feel like hopeless. I got this. Like you've watched in helpless. I don't have it here yet. But there's a company in it's in Broward. I remember we are called Leap. And it's a series of tests that looks for food and arrow allergens. It's not as complicated as real-life allergy testing. It's a single blood draw. It's done at their own laboratory. It's FDA approved and so forth. And it just occurred to me. The symptoms that they use, this test for, are they really vague and non-specific ones like the ones you're complaining about. You know, people who have gastrosopitulary. I mean, I'm not going to go to the list on the ear. But he's don't. All the odd stuff. Maybe when I get the test available, you know, you can have a lot of people. Maybe we should try it. I have a strong feeling. You're going to help a lot of people. Your constitution's like that. You too mean to die. Like does he spring for your life? Yeah. And blackman would have blackman. Yeah, I'm just like, I can't hear where he's not doing this. All right. Well, I basically just call it, tell you, I love you. I don't want to do now, Mark. What do I do now? Well, now that you got to report this, I'm so depressed now, Maria. I think a bullet today would stop the pain. Well, after hearing that, I was waiting for the results of this with my object, which I got a nice scar on my neck. By the way, it's healing for you. Nice to be pleased to know that. It's by the fact that my blood sugar is soaring all over the place because I'm not taking at the ACT and instead of in so on. Well, it's that, you know, I, you didn't actually, I didn't hear you specify what it was, but when you try to put it. I'd like to clarify. It's a 25 year old drug. It's an excellent mild, diuretic. Right. It also causes sugar, electrolyte, youric acid and lipid imbalance. You know, that may be a trade. If you're convinced it wasn't the out loud, you can always go back to something else. Remember, I told you a long time ago, your regimen was very non-standard, but you're a non-standard kind of guy. Yeah. He's a gester now, just my friendly personal. My friendly, I love you. I want to all meet and have it in smile together. The gestion is just way to while I'm growing. I'll bet you another six weeks or so, and I'll bet you some. I'm serious. I'm serious. Oh, I know. Looks like you're way. It's important to you because you're somewhat, you're very concerned about it and you're somewhat obsessed about it. I'm obsessed about it. I've got a criticism. It's understand. When you got something this long and then it gets to the point where, like, when I was an Amsterdam invocation in the Wednesday, the middle of that week, it was basically the rash was virtually gone. I felt great and life was going on. I heard and I've been a dare toolator all of a sudden, I look at a mirror and, I guess, what? It's making a comeback. And I'm feeling like a little bit of the symptomology again and here I am. You know, I don't need this. The allergy testing will be good to give you maybe you'll find something you're allergic to. So, basically since I'm like 6,000 miles away at that point out of my home environment, I'm not sleeping on the same sheets. I'm not with the dog. I don't have to worry about the partner whatever's in the air. I'm in a totally different environment and he is still coming back. Well, you see, this thing is what, like, for instance, when you stop the adolescence, sometimes it go in one guy called him. I'm not sure to go. You're one month ago. Right. But it's one guy called you and told you, you had to be out of your blood in two days. The other guy called him said it'd be out of your blood in 30 days. Yeah. He'd want to advance his complete correct. Well, what is the answer by the way? Well, I heard you on the phone. What is the answer by the drug level? The quantity of measurable substance in your body. The two day answer was correct. But in terms of its effect on the cells, your body, it's going to take four to six weeks to make a difference. Four to six weeks. Right. And rash is a still light might not be over. Correct. That's a possibility. That's why I'm just saying if this were something urgent or growing or it looked like a lymphoma or it was a manifestation of systemic illness like a lymphoma. And I thought you were sick. Yeah. We took chase neanderthret, but what about you? First of all, I've read 11 years. You've read 11 years. I've tried to tell you to be the best call in the history of radio. You thought I was sick. I don't think you're sick. Okay. You've got a couple of chronic problems. I've been in the nation as well as anybody in better than most. And my whole, my teeth, they all back to that aching, you know? Like that, they're not a dental thing. Like you don't have to die. If you just something you're inhaling or something you're exposed to. But finding that stuff is what we do with everyday. It's so uncertain. The patient discovers the pattern. By the way, back to, back to line, for instance, the sort of doing a public service on this. That's a very complicated test to do. It's not just usually not just one answer, let's completely negative like yours was. Sometimes it bears repeating. So keep that in mind if you want to do that. I guess it's been over a month. So, you know, whether you do it with him or with me or with somebody else. You might consider doing that. But once you've done it a second time, it comes back negative. You can really forget about it. Yeah. I don't think it's like, I've started the so I told you, I told you guys that way in the past. And I'm a little bit, you know, I mean, you come in. You tell of guys what you think. And then that's it, you know, nothing. The turn of the century William Osler at Johns Hopkins, an internist, to hopefully does what I, hopefully I do what he did. That if you listen to the patient long enough, they'll give you the diagnosis. Yeah. But listen, it's not just a matter of listening to you sitting at one session. It's a matter of listening over and over. Yeah. In your case, in front of 400,000 people. Right. So he, you know, he, like I said, he's a depth of theologist. But I would just friendly suggestion say just, just wait. Just wait. I remember I do this with all good intention. I mean, I'm, I've actually blanked out my mind. It was talking in front of people. And, and it's just me and you saying, take it easy. It's going to, I bet it fixes itself. And you'll never know what it was. You'll just look back and it goes, I don't know what it was. I just hope it never happens again. Okay. Okay. I love you. Thanks. Okay. There's Panjad. I was my doctor. What was you got a cute nose? Why, there you were, excuse me. What's a matter with lesbian, got to change your tail. We're really love him, you know? The only thing that separates us from the men is to contract love's bathroom stalls. And the girlfriend's health is catty. She's a friend on the book. She's called Daddy. My dad, that's five to me. Talk a little right. He's a lady's fault. My favorite pool of girls in half and a number. A green or a fairway. No threat because I'm a snapper. Lapper. A play golf and a game. He's time to carton. He's a tough ass. He's called. He's the only time to figure out. I'm gay. Let's play. L-138. He's called to me. And right this great kick. I'm my face. The girl ladies golf to me. And we're done playing that. I'm very proud of the fact that Hank yesterday at the beginning of his show. If he heard the crossover to admit that, you know, he likes playing golf. But watching, and he said, I'm a fairsper. Yeah. Anybody that would actually watch golf go out to a tournament and watch it or go out and watch it on TV. What an embarrass me. Yeah. And I would agree with it. What a joke. Yeah. So anyway, Hank will be on after the Marlin Tech's edition game four to six. And I look for the schedule and I am a spoker earlier. And I have no idea what this is all about. I bet he could not last so anybody. Last two. Anybody to come in tonight. Jason and Josh Friedman six to seven. ESPN Game night seven to ten. How do I count on that? ESPN Game night for three hours. Huh? You're asking me? I haven't got any idea. I mean, are we carrying like an NCAA game? Do we know it? No. I don't know what it is. I have no idea. Maybe we are. Don't you don't start dripping into the sports area. So anyway, my doctor was on as you heard Dr. Mark one of my 400 doctors out there and then Dr. Ed centristing out the doctors who are talking back and forth now. They don't talk to me, but they're talking back and forth. And do we get the answers? No. It'll go away just relax. I've never heard of anything like this. So now, as the press is that was before. Now I'm a thousand times more depressed because I was thinking of myself, you know, if I would have just had to buy up see then the first time I went to the dermatologist weeks ago, I would have given me some man at Biotics. I had a guy on the side of my system. You would have been able to stop hearing about this. And life would go on. I feel great. So I go ahead and I do have the buy-ups. See which way when they stick to needle in there. It's not the most fun thing in the world. You know, when you're neck, I can add a little bit of pain, but then they, you know, it's like take a plug. They take a chunk out of your goddamn neck, which is healing nicely by the way, Stanley. And I thought, you know, I'm waiting and waiting and he's got this top expert in the world. They're analyzing and looking and they got microscopes and all these multi-million dollar machines. And do we learn anything? No. Anything at all. No. So anyway, here's this facts. This is so embarrassing that I just can't even begin to tell you. I mean, everything is a matter of taste. We go back to that vanilla ice cream versus fish food thing again. Vanilla ice cream versus rocky road. Listed on this guy's top greatest recording artists of all time. Sorry to say, aerosmith is nowhere close. Go to the bank on the ease bar none. He said, when I get to number eight, I swear to you, you better have a towel handy. Because you'll pee in your pants wherever you are, you'll be peeing all over the place. Number one to Beatles. A lot of people would agree with that. I don't. Number one to Beatles, he says. Number two facts domino. I love facts domino, but I wouldn't agree with that. Number three Elvis. I definitely wouldn't agree with that. Elvis in my list wouldn't even be in the top half. Does not even close. To say that Elvis is better than aerosmith is like saying that that dog is better than Shethubring on. You know, that's how we do. Number four, the supreme. Okay, now I love Motown, but of all the Motown recording artists, the supreme are way down on my list. Number five, speaking to that is Marvin Gaye. So just those back to back, the idea that he says the supreme is a better than Marvin Gaye. Sheows you this man's taste is in his record. Number six Rolling Stones. Yeah. They're okay. Number seven Chicago. I love Chicago. I would go along with that. They're definitely on the list. Here's number eight. Okay, everybody listing right on. They want to cause any accidents. Either in your pants or on a highway or whatever you're doing right now, if you're working with the dangerous machinery equipment. Number eight. On this man's top 10 recording list of all time. Frankie Lyme and in the teenagers. Frankie Lyme. And they have to think. And they have to think and they have to think. Why do you fool them? Open the pool. Why do you fool them? I'm a man of the other hand. One hit. One hit. And this guy says. Yeah. Number nine. And this is also ludicry. And I like Frankie Lyme and in the teenagers. I like that record. I had the record in 1956. I went out there and bought it when I was 14 years old. But they're one of the top. They're number eight of all time. And a lot of people stop listening to music. Number nine. Four season. Like the four seasons. I love the four seasons. But to say that they're one of the top 10 recording groups of all time. To me is really pushing it. But I'll do respect to Frankie and the Valley. I used to like him a lot better before they recorded that stupid jewelry rental song. Which was like 40 years ago. Is that in here by the way? Oh. Not in there. I got it somewhere. And number 10 to beach boys. So in other words, all these other people. Supremes. Frankie Lyme and teenagers. The four seasons. They're all better than the beach boys. According to this music, alexford, this maven. And aerosmith. Don't even make it. Doesn't even make the list. One by the way. Guess what doesn't make the list. Elton John. Now is that debatable that Elton John is better than these Supremes. Is there any doubt about that or Frankie Lyme and the teenagers? I mean, maybe he's not as butcher Frankie Lyme. But nevertheless. Oh. And not only that. He don't even have the back street boy. Here is a surf side. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. You know the results are in for the three most terminal software. The talk show host of all time. Yeah. The three family, the leprechaun major number two Joe eyebrows. The khaki and number one. George. What are you doing? That's the. Oh, Brian. So you're just a total. I've already. Huh? They're taking care of. Oh, you're going to be taking care of. I just take close to home. They're coming. I got the butterfly. The guys coming to get this one. They can take him to the same place that we had that other old fart that kept calling with the deaths wereats on everybody in the building. Even people live across the street. He was even trading to people over KFC next door. Lot ofery sad bizarre people out there. And we round him up with the round up time at the OK. Karral to open lines and brought one in date. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How come the guy who facts this by the way? Doesn't have the coins to call for obvious reasons. reasons I think you'd be in Paris too. Frankie Lyman in the teenagers number eight that had one hit that was a yeah it was okay I can't remember it I could sing it here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Now congratulations. 23 and your numbers and those great numbers. What did we learn from my doctor by the way anything? No. Did we learn a thing? Did we learn a single thing? He's a great guy I like Dr. Mark he's a super guy but he keeps telling me this is nothing and just do you feel great? You take invite him in? But he made my take I take vitamins all the time. Okay then all right then Michael what can I say? Meaning what about the eagle? What happened to the eagle? Not on the lift? The Eagles they had a bad year man. Well you mean the heart. Yeah. Eagles are not one of the top 10. They're good. They're certainly better than Frankie Lyman than the teenagers. Well all can John was in the group right? But no this is just recording artists. Okay listen. Perfat Salamana wasn't a group he was biggest a group but he wasn't a group any the way that I like. I have a thing happened at the bank. Yes. I got two check. Yeah. I've been trying to cash him but every time I go there I give the guy a break. I say there are many funds there. I didn't have any. Yeah. Right so he says there'll be funds there Friday. So I go to the bank. They can't the first one. The television check. The second one is a lot. The must be fun. I just try to check the one. Yeah. Trying to spot the phone. Yeah. Yeah. The check. There's no funds. Give me back the money. We might first check. My chance. I said the I and the upshot is. The tellers have given me back the money I gave you from the first check. I said no you already gave me that that transaction is over. Yeah. So she says. So I says give me back the the check. You say there's no funds. Yeah. She wouldn't get it back to me. Yeah. I re-s over the counter and I grabbed one of the checks. Well it was the one that she cash. I will not give it to you. She says I'm going to hit you in a mouth. I will not give it to you. Yeah. I said please hit me in the mouth. Please. Yeah. We got the count. I got the wait 10 minutes, right? Yeah. It says if I had it to wait any longer, I'd call the police. I called the police. Yeah. My mobile phone. I called the police. And the police came. Yeah. I printed it all out. I got my first check. What you gave me. And I got my check back. Okay. Nice going. Okay. So in other words, when it's out, it's written them and he was threatened to beat the crap out of them and call the cops or else they'll just give up. We have it over. What was he saying? Anybody know? No. Kilt some good time though. We have a ball game coming up in our 10 minutes. Anybody interested in that at all? No. Any interest. Eight main new interest in Marlins in the Tampa Bay Devil Raider. No. No. Zero. I mean, less than none. Good thing we got this good trend, a good January to build a base on for this fall. This winter rating book, whatever they call it, winter book. Because boy, once we get all these Marlins games, the exhibition games, then the record of a season games in their screwing things up in the middle of the daytime. Boy. Now, yes, this is just what the doctor ordered again. Hank's numbers back up where they belong. Good old Marlins exhibition. Oh yes. That would say you kept booing one on. Well, that masculine Webts  time out with your handsup RED Don't don't shit please, why did it end quite dead? Why are you doing out here? I'm on the prowl, is the show am I? I am hunting for webbitch. Really? Well, hunting for webbitch is nice, but I'm hunting for something a little more gratifying than webbitch. Long gratifying than webbitch. What's that, Mr. Pleasant? Baby, oh, that sounds very exciting. Bevers have such a nice health, yes, we will. And a big wild tail around us, you get a little more of that. And a full wacious appetite, too. Ooh, good. Anyway, I got enough wood in my pants to feed normally, but we'll let's go. Do you have a wife on? Nope. All I need to get baby is my boys' good look. And this, how old are you? Oh, my. That's the craziest working wife I ever saw. Well, that's a little crooked, but it gets the job done. I don't see how you ever shoot people with that thing. The key to shooting, baby, is you got to get right on top of a sound whiskey. Shh. Shh. That's mell beaver. What do we do now, Mr. Pleasant? Give me that breath spray. Just do what I do. Oh, baby. Oh, my god. Oh, yeah. Oh, my god. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, baby. Baby, do you like it? What? That was some good beaver, Elmer. Yes. Heva is where we're good eating, if you want to. And I have a lot less feeling than what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the next up. It's a 74-new at 5.60WCMC anyway. You know, an hour ago I was threatening you to do something. I forgot all about it because we had so much crap going on here in the Dr. Mark Holden. Kill the audience and you're killing me too, Doc. He's a good guy. He didn't tell you anything. This guy can expand more words. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, yeah. Like to these five fans. Bop, bop, bop, and not say anything. The only thing I know is that he spoke to the other guy. And now I don't have to waste my time calling my friends Stanley and I know nothing. Well, let's say, it's a non-specific, nebulous, like the time when he came to the hockey game, Dr. Mark, he looked at my neck and he didn't answer. That could be a lot of things. Now, let me ask you this. Do you need a doctor to look at something like that and say, well, that could be a lot of things. Anyway. So I was going to look at Brook and Splud and look up to a stupid talk network, right? So let's see, persons 25 to 54. Let's see how the morning did now that includes a month of Rick and Spud and Air on WINZ. 2554 our morning went from a 2-8 to a 3.1. Nice going, Joe. Nice going, default. Maybe something else? Okay, let's see, INZ. I'm looking for them. I'm looking and looking. Oh, look at that. From a 0.7 or 1.1. There you go. Now, still I go test number, but Rick and Sudge made an upturn there in the morning and it was Rick Wiley, of course, who forced himself out of that show not people, do you want it to blow them out? But what about the afternoon? And here comes. That'd have a drum roll, but forget it. Take a new drum roll. Afternoon. Where Rick and Sudge were the only success story on that radio station? Yes, what? 3.4 to a 2.6. In just one month, he's brought it down almost to 4. And dropping like a gigantic boulder from the top of the 1-print numbers right on the Uranus. She not only butcher the ratings, she's... Back to them. Good thing they don't care about numbers over there. Right, that's right, because they don't have any. So, like I predicted, they're going to do better in the morning than what ever else they had before, like John Fores, for example, obviously. But they're never going to have like a gigantic. In fact, they'll never have in the morning the number that they had in the afternoon ever. It is that he nearly is unfortunately for them. And so, not all he'll do is they'll even it out. Because in the afternoon, I say like, by the end, when the next trend comes out in a month, she'll have that thing under a two. That's my best guess. It happens going to have the odds on that tonight, 1030. Here's a mobile in the Geobals. Hello. Yes, yes. Yes, sir. What's wrong with watching golf? What's wrong with it? Yeah. Well, it's not asking me what's wrong with watching paint dry. I mean, if that's what you like, it's five minutes boring. Well, I'll tell you. That's your opinion. Oh, no, it's coma inducing. Nice and warm, fresh air, sounded better than sitting in a cold thing. Watching somebody go run on the ice. Do I think it is? I think so. It's more exciting than watching a hockey game watching golf. Well, people watch baseball. Yeah. I mean, that's not exciting. It's hockey, I agree. Right. But I hear your time. The golf is as exciting as hockey. What a joke. What a joke. Everybody has an opinion. I understand, but you really believe that. Are you just saying that to be an O-Jobber of Occupy to a police tell me, don't really believe that. No, it's not as exciting. You're my embarrassment. Yeah. You know, I mean, you're right. But I mean, it's okay. Well, thanks for trying. You have to be provocative. Okay. Not working. Nobody's that dumb. We have an open line of day, what in Broward? 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T. Where I was flying, come on. Let's hear it for Frankie Lyman and the teenagers. Let's hear it. Some of you, uh, what were they from New York, filling where they from? Oh, that's right. Now somebody's okay. I'm on the plate. All right. All right. Well, here's the drifters. How about about the drifters? I mean, the drifters are not one of the 10 best groups of all time, but they sure as hell beat the snott out of Frankie Lyman and the Queen teenagers. How about Peter Franklin? Huh? Not one of the top 10, but certainly better than Frankie Lyman. Hi, I love Peter Franklin. She's a, he's a gritty, honey Francis. Lipstick on your county. Yeah. I mean, bubble gum, but I like kind of. For it's four tops. Four tops, the man leaves off his list. Put them in the supreme. Okay. Please opt the tentations. Is there any doubt the tentations are better than the supreme? Is there any contest? No. Plus. By the way, George had three different things. By the way, George had three different people off the air calling and taking credit for sending that facts, and I'm sure none of them were to real one. So what would this be under? Because it's not under, I guess, maybe Lyman. Lyman disease? What we're just talking about that. Okay. There's certainly not going to be in the most hit. Oh, look at that Robin Luke. Susie Darlin. Boy, I love Robin Luke. Hmm. Oh, let's see. Who am I looking for? It's not in here. Our Arthur Lyman. Oh, here it is. All right. About time. Well, that's right. I forgot that. Another one they had there was now. So had the record. You know what the other one is? What's that big record? It's through a Sam. Goody. Goody. Goody. Goody. Goody. Goody. That's right. That would reach number seven number 20. It had peaks of 20 shares. It reached number 20 on the chart. But the only big hit they had, of course, was white of fools fall in love. February of 1956. 33 years ago today just about reach number six 21 weeks on the chart. Then they had some other, I want you to be my girl, which I never heard of. I don't think I never heard of that reach number 13, but I never heard of it. And some other marginal stuff. But goody. Goody was pretty good. And little bit of pretty pretty one, which, uh, Thursday, and Harris was that. That was that was the guy that had the hit. Thurmond. Thurmond Harris was the board. Let me look it up. Thurston Harris. Little bit pretty one was number six. Why do I know my old easier? I don't know too much else. I know my old crap. When you're old fossil like I am, you know a year old crap. You can't take one, but you know it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. First off, congratulations on 23 years of kicking ass in this count. You are certainly the man. Yes, I am. Second of all, major bacon report. The Flori A. Hopoos are gathered around. They're getting around softball on the softdown on the dunchula at the right way. So don't go near there, man. They're just all over the place. Yeah, they're in a feeding frenzy that they were in a plantation. They're in this morning. They run every street corner. They were shooting it and they were out of control. Everywhere must be quoted. Yeah, must be. And that's right. It's the fifth of March. It's the eyes of March. So that must be it. And I'm now in line. Reading, waiting to get it rammed up my tailpipe as I contribute. My $10 to that scam of the Flori Evolution control. Okay. Say, how does the League of Legends, by the way? And one more thing you can do. So one of those baseballs so tight. Yes. And imposing Twitter hit people, my corner will in Miami. I'm out of material. All right. Okay, every bit of you. We have an open line of day one and a brawl. Come on. Let's hear about Frankie live in the teenagers. Let's hear from the asshole that really sent this facts. Okay. I can't believe that anybody is probably again just trying to be a, you know, a provocative tour. The Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. I have no line. Tell me about down to a shotbuster video and get the shot of your life. And I do you have a copy of rainbow. Do you mean to tell me you haven't seen rainbow yet? That's too sass for you. You win. I'm sorry. Check out shot fusters. Huge selection. Hey, lady, where you hiding is getting fudge. Ask it quick. I'm gonna shot to set out. That shotbuster we pride ourselves on our knowledgeable staff. Excuse me, don't you have any copies of Jacob's letter? Oh, that movie was crap. You look main character. You said the whole time. You didn't even know. Oh, he's a grown-up. I can't help. Oh, you're great now. And don't forget the children. We have a large selection for them too. That can't go. Sterecopaly, please. Don't worry. Johnny, shit. Honey. Oh, am I. Come here. Little bath. That shotbuster. You're also guaranteed the greatest prices in town. Oh, let's be now. You had five movies at a four day. That's a 144 dose. When I saw that I got a serious kid. I was a dick-cat. I don't have a kind of money on me. Well, I'll tell you what. Is that your husband over there? Yes. How about if he does goddamn dangerous drama? Take that and that and that. That's a fun series video. What a difference. 12.15. 6.50 WQA. We got the Marlins and the 10th of a devil raised in which there is absolutely no interest whatsoever. It's a very simple 1250-hour. Last and one hour away. We also have lunch for Metzano Take-On Upwood Show. I hope it's very soon, by the way. We don't want to get pushy, but I hate eating run. You know how that is? We have an open line of day one in Broward, 560-60, Compassive-60, on the Mobile One line. Here's South Beach, hello. Yeah, honey. The other day something happened across the street from my house. Yes, there's some shooting or stuff. And the controversy over my lawn and stuff. And I think through my window and the saw bong there. They came in and they took me too. Good. I hope they put you away for a long time. Another story guy. We have an open line in Broward, 2 in date, 560-60, and Compassive-60 on the Mobile One line. Here's Sunrise, hello. It's my list. I've approved with you. You got the paper, are you? Yeah. You see the 10th scratch after Domino? Right, yes. This guy, this is the guy. Okay, I'm feeling fine. That's good. All right. I hope I want to stay before we get on the way. Let me say it again. That part is good, but the list itself is really good. Okay. You know, we have some discussion on this. Yes, verbal integrates. You took some pocket shots. That means you said it didn't have the onions to call you. Well, I'm sitting here. Very good. At least give me credit for that. Yeah, give you a lot of credit. All right. I mean, any credit for the list, but I give you credit for that. It's a damn good list. It's a matter of fact, I gave you a lot of credit. Anybody that would send this list and would call, I give you extra credit. Well, it's amazing that two other people I heard in Georgia during the break. Two other people tried to take credit for this list. Yeah. It's my list. Right. The damn good. Oh, they're just O'Jompervacitorum. Well, it's probably true. What? I noticed that the damn good list, a damn good list Frankie Lyman and the big news who had won his. They did not have one hit. They did one bona fide hiss. No, they didn't. They had one top 10 hits. No, they didn't. What was the other one? I promised to read it. Just because you never heard of them. That doesn't mean that they weren't. I had the book right here. Okay. I just got you a list of your ready. Are you ready? Top 10 hits. Yes. I promised to remember. Number 10 hit from 56. I want you to be my girl. Number 3. 1956. Wrong. The ABC. Wrong. ABC's of love reach number 77 was the peak. Well, watch out. This is the R&D list. I want you to be my girl reach number 13. And what was the other one? Well, I'm going by the R&D list. But forget about the R&D list. Well, that's the list. I'm going by the R&D list. Well, that's the list. Then there was them down in the way much more narrow category. Well, that's the list. It's Neil. Back then, you know, how things were the way they listed records and stuff. If you were back, you lined them on the teenagers. You're serious. Are they best recording their history? Yes. Because they were, they were pioneers in the industry. Pioneers in what? In the recording industry of early R&D and Rock and Roll. The time you lined weren't they were pioneers at all? Yes, they were. Absolutely not. I think it's a great one. We're going to have a conversation. You're going to get hostile. I don't know yet. They formed as the premieres in 1955 in the Bronx, New York. Leeds singer Frankie Lyman was born to 10 or 30 at 42 in New York. Diet of drug overdose on February 28, 1958. All come right. Other members included Herman Santiago and Jimmy Merchant, Joe Narnoni, and Sherman Games, group appeared in movies Rock Rock Rock and Mr. Rock and Roll. Group inducted in the Rock and Roll, a fame in 1993. And they started listing people and the, not that I believe 100% of the Rock and Roll All of the fame. But they started listing people in 86. And when you're serious that you think that Frankie Lyman and the teenagers were better recording artists than aerospace myth just a big one? Yes sir. Yes sir. And I'll tell you something about, you do a couple of shots at me about the Tentations. I agree with you, but I only have 10 slides. If they were 15, they're in there. So how come they're not on here at all? You got the Supreme's and you revolve the Motown folks. You got the Supreme's and Marvin Gaye. Because people don't belong in the list. Yes they do. Not no way. And to say that 20% of the list goes to Motown. How about the health and accident? How about the four tots? The four tots are great. Not better than the Supreme's? No sir. Oh, no. God. You gotta remember how any recording artists there are. And you're talking about Frankie Lyman and the teenagers are better than the beach boys? Yes sir. Oh. Yes sir. Oh my God. I'm talking to you. I asked you a question. Wow. Can I ask you a question? You know something Carl Wilson is spinning in his grave. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. But let me tell you something. What's even more ridiculous than that? And I hate to disagree with the king. Yeah. How could you figure in your mind to put arrowsmiths in that top ten? Easily. No way. No contact. I'll tell you why. Oh my God. Treshly in here? Yes sir. I could tell you. Oh my God. Tell you why. And you're going to get angry. I'll tell you about arrow. I agree already. All right. To me, when I think of arrowmiths, I think of a group that formed in the 70s. Yeah. They had a couple of hit albums. A couple of hit albums. A couple of hit albums. A couple of hit albums. Died for 15 years and made a comeback in the early 90s. I mean, you really want to have this discussion. They remind me of a group like Boston or one of these kind of group. What I do to book. Where's my book, George? Oh, here it is. Keeping an eye on hand. And I'm waiting for you. Oh my God. They remind you of Boston. They're there a group that had a couple of hit albums. Boston is like a bubble jump group. But they're the same. They're one of the things. Okay. They had a couple of hit albums in the 70s. They were dead for 15 years and they came back in the early 90s. Dream on. Sweet Emotion is where 73 75 76 last child walked this way. Number 10 and 76. Well, I mean, ask you this. Yeah. Where were they in the 80s? Where were they in the 80s? I had a few first. They were all that's right. They're all doing drugs, right? Well, where were they? Well, what do you mean does that make? Well, you're no real freaky linemen. The teenagers in the 80s. Oh, you're dead. The 90s. Yeah, dead. Yeah. Well, so what? Were you trying to tell me that? Remember walking in the sand. Do looks like a lady angel, which reached number three in 88. Ragdoll, love an elevator, which was 89. Genie's got a gun, which reached number four in 89. What it takes reach number nine. Living on the edge, crying amazing, crazy blind man. And then the new one from Armageddon that they got the reach number one in 99. Buddy, they're not top 10 material. Oh, no way. And you're trying to tell me also Peter Franklin Peter Frampton. No, I don't say top 10. Oh, man. Better than some of the crap you got on this list. No way. Well, I put name one of those top 10 that is left. Then other than Frankie Limer, which I hear you jump it up and down. Let me make one of the other nine. Elvis. Get out of here. Do you understand what you're saying over the air? Of course. It's about thousands of people. That's right. And they most of them agree if they have a bro. And let's do it. I look at these dummies that keep running to Graceland because I like Peter Put her in jelly. I love Chicago. I agree on that. And what about this stone? You got to tell me this stone don't belong in the top 10. Top 10. I give them like maybe nine or 10. Okay. So out of the 10 that I've listed. Yeah. Be in the movie, disagree. Elvis, the Supreme Frankie Limer and the Teenagers. You know how that particular set makes you sound. No, it does not. If you can you can eliminate Frankie Limer's Teenagers. Yeah. That's like borderline. Four items are now one of the top. So to say the four seasons are better than aerosmiths. Like I'm saying that bubble gum is better than salaminy on. That's how ridiculous that is. I love the four seasons. Mighty lime in the four seasons are 60 icons. So what are aerosmiths? What's going on? In other words, you're again. You're going like George likes to do by category. Your category is opposed to comparing based on what the sound is based on their ability. I agree with also. So four seasons are a hundred times better than aerosmiths. How do I particularly care for aerosmiths? But there's a lot of good things. Oh my god. The thing that we care for that you could argue with me. But the thing that Elvis Presley was a better singer than Elton John is like saying that Gerald Ford was a greater president than Franklin Roosevelt. Do you think Elton John is a superior singer? Absolutely. Oh. One of the greatest artists in history and if he's not on the top. Good song right. Yeah. And singer. And piano player. And entertainer. He might be a greater singer that doesn't make it all ready to borrow. All ready to borrow. Yeah. They say Billy Joel is a great entertainer. I don't think he can sing his way out of a milk cart. And I agree. How many are these three? That's right. But my friend, when you get on the radio and tell people. I hope that my fellow people, my parents write Elvis Presley would not want to stop recording part of the movie. Not even close. No, it does not. It only makes me silly to people who are septing based on what everybody else says. I'm not interested in that. Well, I'm interested in forming a girl. I'm interested in forming a girl. I'm interested in forming a girl. I'm interested in forming a girl. I'm interested in my own senses. My ears, my brain. My spectrum. I agree with you on 99.9% of the things you talk about. Okay. But let me tell you something. I'm also listening. You got bad taste in music. I have great taste in music all the time. Other people to listen to. Yeah. But, you know, I vehemently disagree with you on this arrangement. Put him in the carriage. His dog, his pitfalls attack him for that list. How about foreigner? Oh, we got too many of those already. How about foreigner? They should be on top 20 list. I love foreigner. Nobody mentioned them. Elvis Presley. I mean, if you loved Elvis as like, and like he said, an icon. I loved the way people used that term. Well, he was an icon. Yeah. Who was a hype job? That's all. Who was ahead of his time? Like Foster Hewitt. He was ahead of his time. That didn't make him good. I like a lot of Elvis's music, but to say that he was one of the forget about performers, forget about how many records he sold, forget about how many he had on the list. That's not the point. Popularity doesn't make it great. And how about, and this guy had a run while a pit bull was a tune off his, whatever he was doing, how about the doors? To go back to what the other guy was saying. You tell me that Frankie Lyman was better than Jim Morrison. The entire world is going to wonder the dog is barking. They're knocking on the door where they were on the butterfly. And to take this guy away, you leave it out to doors? Definitely on the top 10. The doors. Oh, yes. Exactly. In fact, we could read you all the right reasons. Right. That's right. And then the guy that before that says Jim Morrison couldn't sing. He ain't singing too good now. In fact, he's probably on that singing non-record. Dominique. Oh, he's hanging out in France under the Louvre. He'll... God. Hey, tell! Great then. Over 720K, to the Queen of Songs alone. Especially for the Lady of the Night by Joey Loves. Lady. When I hear you, I pray. Oh, but he loves songs to your baby. All with Liberty by the love, my dear himself. And we get a little different songs to their favorite songs. Oh, I know. I know. I love songs. I like these songs. Lady, lady, lady. God, my big grand dad. It's an amazing confetti of up 728. Long songs for your Lady. Oh, this is really remastered in all performed by the masterful superstar, Cherry. Cherry. Cherry. I need to join you on G-Tell record. And you say a very special musical tribute to the Lady. You don't get this arrow's bit classic. Ah. And you look like a lady. And you look like a lady. Cherry. Oh, I love this song. With a parrot's pieces. Ah! And Ellen, when you hit never sounded better. Yeah, they know where to see the ladies. Oh, ladies. You can't believe the song. And let's be sure. Is anything in interpretation of the super hit from the king of pop? Oh, the lady. With my wife today. You can't believe the song. Oh, the lady. I want to get that night. Cherry. I know how that made. Ah. Oh, I'm sorry. That's seven hundred forty eight copies of Lady's song. On thirty five CDs or one hundred twenty four eight track. Oh, re-picked the boy. It's a model from the original cassette masters. And it's a collection. You'll experience your friends alone. And your lady will never forget. It's all yours for seventeen. You've been a little late. So only thirty two ninety five. And that's the whole piece from Kate's out record. You can tell us it's out. We go. Fifty and a five sixty w cubed. We got lunch from Ettenote right now. And it is outstanding. I've got Vitello con fumgiporchini. Huh? Hey, Sponacci. There's my six words of Italian. George, is what you got to porcini? To Todd's said. What? I was repeating that for us. Porcini. What was he know that you, huh? What does he know from a tadon? That red face, Jewen there. Porcini. Yeah, George is doing, you know, Italian in Espanol. Cornesca Goul. We have an open line of date one and a Howard five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with you about Frankie Lyman. I think he'll hear he ever had. Who's what? That was the only real honest of God bona fide hit in that guy. No, sir. Give me our in B charts in the Brooklyn charts in the Bronx charts. Even as dog attack them. Right. You're interested there. Listen, I want questions for you since you're on the old. You say per se in there. Remember the big bopper and then they catch kill in the plane crash and where were you valence and and. What about you? How about you? All right. What was the big bopper's real name? Yeah. Oh, I got. Am I going to have to look this up? Or do you know it? I have no idea. Oh, I'm trying to find out somebody asked me. It's been driving me crazy. I know what they call him now. What? Dead. Harry Richardson. Harry, Richard. Harry, Richard. Harry with the P.P. as in like Luke Perry like Randy Perry. Perry Richardson. I sounds good. You know, call whatever you want. Now he don't mind. I understand. Okay. Great. Thanks. I'll have a great day. I had a buddy Holly. Yeah. The fact that they had that grotesque Gary Bucy play buddy Holly and he's the most annoying the most disgusting. I get more visit violently ill seeing Gary Bucy then when I see Gary Sarner and that's seen a lot. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. I mean Roger's hooked up. I feel the ability and that you dream in the air. Yeah. Oh, this guy's talking to trying to get in touch. I'm from all over Hawaii. All right. Absolutely. You still want that German. Oh, I got a piece of a wheel stuck in my throat. I think I'm really looking forward to it. You still want to know what else to see. Yes. What else do you believe? It means it it pleases you. If I saw him like, like, prego, it's like a little bit like that. Yeah. They don't have that in English. They don't have that in English. Anyway, I wanted to wish you a good 23 years. Good and Travis. Yes. Good and Travis. I'm going down to them in a couple of weeks myself. Hopefully the better will be a little bit better. Great. And maybe a little bit on the things they say had all the queens for me. That's the how you remember that, eh? Yes, sir. That's the best day in all and you should go on here. Okay. Most fun or else. All right. Anyway, I'm coming. We'll keep them in a little. I'll see you in the damwreck. Okay. That's the little bit of a week. I'll see you in McDonald's. Bye. By the way, you know the Dutch eat, uh, whether they put on their fries, George. We have two open lines in, uh, date one in Broward, five, six, seven, five, sixty in pound, five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach, hello. Hey, I do a new year. Great. At the board up. And back to you. It's so poor. I thought it was only a one day deal. I don't know. I still haven't got around to make it a home in touch. So, hey, but I asked them since you talked about music in your early days. Like in the 70s, did you have a spin music? Mm-hmm. Oh, you did? Not from years, yeah. So, I mean, air internet does a lot better banned than air internet. Like from the 70s, like little feet. Oh, a little. In the middle of my lunch, you're telling me a little feed. In the middle of my lunch. The, uh, a crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy. A little, George was great. A little crazy. You're like, been talking to a Pete Bulger, little feed. And if you're a bad subject, and you need in jam bands. Like, I know there's a new subject like hip hop. Another something called jam bands. So, you know, the tajamas. Well, it's from the grateful dead era, you know, when they take one pot. Oh, yeah, the grids. This guy's got little feet in a great pull that. Do you really got a daughter with science, man? Yeah, but I mean, you can't wait to hear your top 200 list. If you could take, you know, a three minutes song in 30 minutes. Right. And keep people still dancing. That's pretty good. You know, keep them stone like the grateful dead. Hell, why, you know, that's not going to take. You know, but you're talking to this little Pete, drink cheese. I mean, uh, great, great bit. I'm pitch, yeah. Yeah. I'm pitch, thank you for sharing your bad taste in the middle of my lunch. Thank you. God, little of feet. Hmm. This is probably one of the guys that went over to Gulfstream to see the old river band. One of the six people that went over to see that stale dead act. There wasn't good in the beginning. We have day lines open 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Like I said, two weeks at home. The fact is, you know, a lot of you have very bad taste. And we can understand that. We sympathize. You live here. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. That 9.50 to 10 p.m. is killing me. D.4's got to go. Meaning one. That 19 30's wild, bill cornball. Shit. Okay, what's calling up and telling? Here's a mobile in the tabernir. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good evening. I'm back in the 60's. I used to produce records and concerts and all that stuff. And there were a lot of good bands. It's all a matter of taste. But yesterday when I heard him compare aerosomates to each voice. I mean, I like George. I think he's great talent. He's missing. He got crappy taste. We all have that. That blew it for me. I mean, it's terrible. I mean, anybody that says for seeny mushrooms. What is he know? But bottom line is there was a lot of groups. And I remember we produced a lot of records. And there's a commercial record right now. It's the one group looking glass. They never did anything. I was in a studio where we made that out with the companies that made it. And these guys sucked. But I mean, they're Andy Brandy. Yeah. These guys. They were not really other smash. But that was it. They came up from elected. Played in. They said, listen, because we subsidized you. You got to produce this record. And these guys didn't want to do it. They're one of these rock and roll bands. That was it. One guy wanted to know where I'd say right in there was Frankie Limeon teenagers. Oh, I'll tell you something. There was a lot of them. But bottom line is when you talk about good and bad. It's a matter of taste. But I saw so many talented studio musicians and singers and stuff. They never got a break. It's just a matter of taste. But some of the craft that there's a lot of people commenting on this. They've never even heard a lot of these people before. Right. And there was a lot of talent out there. But the beach boys. I never. Never. I never. On their best day. I mean personally, it makes me puke. Really? Yeah, I mean I just couldn't handle it. Now you're getting carried away. Well, I mean. I mean, I mean, you're not a control man. No. But the edge. But they're all Smith. Yeah. I mean, just let it be long jeopardy. They're doing something right. You mean, you don't like this song. I can hear music. Oh, the music is all right. I can listen to it. But I'm trying to say. That they hit a lot of sour notes. Is that what you're trying to say? You're all the people. It's a time. Your culture that Brian Wilson was stoned out of his mind. It was a couldn't go. I had a right note of you. He was going to listen to that. What you're trying to say? It was like the beach. It was like the Beatles having a. It was going to be there. We saw all these suckers go to the stones concerts. And I discovered that Mick Jagger has knitted true note in 15 years. None of them have. Yeah. He got happy to tell him that's a made up of these Tyler does. Well, we've got a girl does. See, when you go to see a performer live. Okay. You take all of that studio enhancement away. And all the opportunity to do it. They are guy away. And you stick them right out there alive. Then you find out if somebody can sing or not. They can't do it. There's a lot of very popular. And how come we left Helen ready off this list? Two by the way. Yeah. There's a lot of popular groups. They never perform live because they couldn't take it away. They couldn't do it without studio man. Right. That's bottom line. But how come we left the buddy. Yeah. Buddy Holly off the list. Well, yeah. He's good. He's pretty good. He was really good. He's not doesn't hurt his feeling. You've got to remember these guys were popular back in the days of Mono. Mono. Mono. That's right. You know. One away. Have a good day. Okay. And a repeat there. Two. Rome. Okay. Default fossil. What is it? He was a death old fox. He's ripping a beach for. I thought that that was really. I'm playing. I'm playing this. And he's ripping. And Carl Wilson. I'm going to tell you. How can anybody say these things, huh? He said he was fucking your ass. He wasn't agreeing with everything I've said. He said somebody dick of a thing. There you go. Get the fuck out of here. Come on. We like you. Same thing. Shmucks. You know, let's face it. A lot of you got bad taste. Okay. I've seen some of your wives. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey. Yes sir. First time long time young man. All right. I just want to give you a call. I'm leaving a lovely city of Miami. Born and raised, heading up to lovely North Carolina. And I'm going to miss you kid. North Carolina. Yeah. North Carolina. I'm going to have you got to either. Land of the Hicks. But I'm going to say, Hey, Snakes. That's what George says. What do you say? What's that? That's what he says. That's what he says. Can I call it? Can I call it? Can I call it? Can I call it? Go ahead. Go ahead. First and last time. Yeah. Hey Frankie. You're a hospital supply selling douchebags. Okay. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Big time. They don't like your kind of their fact. They don't like any kind. I'll be North Carolina. When they find out that George is hanging out up there every now and then. What else? That's when the old is really going to hit the fan. I had a mobile for a robot. You held the time. Now bet. By the way, next time you're running into your rape a queen. Say hi. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. How about we would Mac? Yes. No. No. I'll look it off that. I'll be good. How about we would Mac for what? They're awesome. For like execution and TV on her wild loader and that sounds good on PNBC. To the 80's here. That's a cute. Awesome. Fleetwood Mac is awesome. Awesome. Awesome. The straight face. Of course. Awesome. Not an amateur. It's a powerful. And I'm a big. Yeah. Well, that's the problem. Okay. I know from music. You're still singing like who Karachi. Carmen Miranda. Then he is. Velia Cruz. You like Celine Dion, too. No. No way. Negative. Oh, now you're making a comeback. Hey, and I use a candy. I'm in a little lunch. Managed for french fries. Awesome. Yeah. That's a good deal. Say hi to Jeremy Voltawey to add a kid out of here. You know the Dutch put on your french fries? See, that's another thing talking about taste. If you thought that was a real movie. If you really thought that was an entertaining movie again. Dr. Mark promises that we got to go with the butterfly net. It's going to come in on Monday and help a lot of you folks. Oh, but man. It's a call. But yeah. All they got to do was put some kind of a label on it. And right away, a bunch of pseudo intellectual wannabes go, you know, jumping on the bandwagon. Oh, yeah. It's a call classic. Yeah. Like a reformedness. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Man, I love this movie. You show me. I've a living to it. Man, 2000 high school. Oh, right up. You got to high school? No. I don't know. I don't know. I'm a radio one. It's a good distraction for what he'd be saying. Go ahead. I'm not the group with you on the freaking line with saying you. It's not pathetic. Man, I can like you. I can name a few groups. That should be stepping on for a new line with days for a top 10. And I know what you're that for. You ask anybody today like under the age of 100 to a fracking line. And there's no tell you to say what, you know, but you ask him with a beach boys are with a beetles or these. You know, they're aerosolats. Tell you right off the bat. I'm not one of those. I'll give you some stuff as in. I'll give you some stuff. And then guys talk about R and B is around. Be groups that were fucked up. That should be that. I had a tournament. You guys like you said the four top 10 cases. You got a whole bunch of groups that should be on top of a fracking line. And R and B rock. Interesting. I'll be saying so if he said something. Okay. Well, listen, have a great day. And call me when they let you out. He got out of high school. Let's go. We have an open line in day. What, and what are we going to do about the guerrillas in our midst? Here's a mobile in Lake Worth, hello. Hey, you guys. I'm thinking of guerrillas. Welcome to the home. A really bad taster. One thing about this audience. What about them? They're audience. They're taste. Well, go ahead. Hey, blow. Speaking about guerrillas in the midst of the army. We had a sergeant major who had the. They were here. I really bad son Tan. We're Mark. And, uh, and a really bad speech in Tettinman. And one day we were doing something. He stuck his, uh, we're supposed to be on guard. He stuck his one. And he stuck his head in the tent. And he goes, who, who, who, who, who, who, who, who. Who, who, who, who, who, who. Who's supposed to be on guard, Judy. So, we have to that. His nickname was guerrillas met. So much. Yeah. But anyway, I don't know if anybody said this. He doesn't couple covers, but that doesn't make him. We don't care if you're still somebody else in the material. Especially if you like even to a better. Johnny Rivers. All I'm trying to remember is not to top 10, but top 25, maybe. Uh, I just want to use the guy just wanted to tap my toe and some other thing. And I guarantee you one thing a thousand times better than, uh, Frankie Lyman and the teenagers. Who the hell is Frankie Lyman? Exactly. I mean, I mean, I was born in 64 and, you know, cut the tent one of that baby. I'm just telling you that one thing, one we are sureing thing for you to know. He's dead, so we won't be making a comeback. Well, okay, that's not a problem. Never great day, pal. How you? Drugs. Drugs. Frankie Lyman, the teenagers and drugs. Yes, what? Dead. Huh? And beat that gator meat. Elz and John return to the studio to record the ultimate tribute album. You're still dead. Elz and sings heartfelt tribute to the recent and long-fensed dead. You'll get the J.O.K. tribute. That's why they call it getting screwed. And to Johnnie Versace, the inspiring pocket man. And of course, the string tribute to Mother Teresa. Don't let that nun go down on me. Available on CDN cassette on sale now. But I thought it was the only your son go down on me. 23 to 1. By the way, how's Brendan doing today? We find Brendan yet? No. We have an open line in day. We got Marlon's baseball. We got a screw. We're getting a screw job. Marlon's in taboo way. The pregame show starts at 12.50. What is it up there? What do they call it? The air. The air. The air. The air. I know we went through this last year too. And we just as boring that as it is now. Although, hey, we got Cliff Lloyd. There you go. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Got baseball. Do you think it already? They didn't. They didn't. Maybe they got the march. We got a goddamn baseball game in the middle of day here. They're the do us a favor and go on strike like the NBA did for a little while. All right. Excellent idea. Anyway. They tried that little. You know, not too long ago didn't work to go. The best live show I ever saw. My opinion was Boston. Right down here at the Coral Sky amphitheater. Yeah. They're okay. They do it right when they play live. They have three to guitar, stuff they are. They're all on the way to the back of the table. They're all on the way to the back of the table. They have a great show. They're going to be a lot of people going to go to that stone's concert tonight. I guarantee on Monday we'll get some calls. Oh, you're wrong, boy. They were just fantastic. See, it's one thing to say, somebody was fantastic because they jumped around a lot and had a lot of energy. And they showed that they were still alive. And it could barely breathe. And they didn't poop their pants more than once twice. You're in a concert. So everybody else said, oh, that was great. But in terms of really being able to sing and be true to the music, I mean, anybody can tell me what they're going to see tonight. I'll be shocked if I hear that. Yeah. I saw him when they were down here. I think he was in 84 and they played in Joe Robby. And then I thought that was going to be their last tour. Yeah. That was a great show. Later. And there's still question. Yeah. Now they have their social security tour going on. Yeah. I don't know. I wouldn't pay to take it to see him anymore. But everybody's got their own taste. Exactly. But okay. I'll see him both. I'm having a therapy. Okay. We have an open line of date. By the way, this is a great lunch today from that's an okay. I mean, real Italian. Not like spaghetti and sausage. I mean, I do love spaghetti and sausage. But if I want spaghetti and sausage, we'll call up pizza loft. They'll bring us in. That's very good. But it's like the music. It's a different genre. Right? This is off scale. This is like authentic. This is like you'd really get in a fine. I didn't attract a ria. But like, well, let me. I guess in some of the trotterriers, which by the way, when you go to Italy, and many of you will. That's one of the pieces of good news is don't worry about fancy elegant, very, very super expensive Italian restaurants. Go to your mom and pop trotterriers. 95% of them are just spectacular. And the menus are very simple. They don't have a big complicated menu. But everything on there is fresh. It's delicious. Oh, the spaghetti pomegranate, or that I eat it one restaurant that we go to all the time Italy and Rome. Oh, my God. I don't know what it is. It's the first of all, the tomatoes all approducing Italy in that part of the world is a million times better than you get ever by here because of the soil. As opposed to, you know, trying to grow produce and sand like they do here in Florida. And whatever they did, of course, they put their promise on the, their promise on the sauce and they mix it with the, with the pasta. I mean, you're a lot of places where you go in and they do great to your cheese fresh on top. They don't do that. They put it right in the sauce and mix it all together. Mom, mommy. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Great. Yeah. What is one of the, one of the groups that, that sings, I think one of the best is called Be Stilled in Grand Man. They can sing. Yeah. Now, they never give him a new liver. He might be okay. Well, I think he did get the chance. He got a new liver. Also, there's a guy who won a baller of Peyton could have used and got them David Cross Be guys. Yeah. Now, see, that pisses me off because David Cross me screwed up his little with all the booze and drugs and baller Peyton just had some kind of disease. Well, I say, let's take David Cross Be's liver and give it to all our Peyton. There you go. That's our pull question for Monday. Right? Yeah. Yeah. There's also a taste floating around of Monica's sing. Yeah. Have you heard about that? Yeah. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. That's it. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Yeah, God. Yes, sir. You're getting me hungry. It's good stuff. Hey, listen about George. When he first came on the air for you, my wife was a two months ago. He was really careful on March. You're taking it a little bit. But last week he was awesome. He's getting right on good man. He's getting all the way back. I don't want to get those guys any more insecure in the morning than they already are. But I heard a rumor in the hall. I wasn't even in the, just off the elevator this morning. I heard them talking in the other elevator on the shaft. It's because somebody getting the shaft. But they're thinking because it would make a lot of sense. You know, George in the morning and the unit day back to back. Keep the call. I would be going. I'd buy that. Hell yeah. Yeah. Instead of talking all the way to the top. Yeah. And now you're seeing topics. But it's all pretty cutting edge. So it was pretty cool. I saw my ex. Actually, I'm turning it next one. Anyway, it's all about. That's why we're doing so. That's one of the other reasons why we're doing so well. By the way, no more of those stupid tapes and congratulations. Neil, I came up with this idea. Getting rid of the tapes and putting George on. Now when I go on vacation, we don't go down a point. Instead, we're just continuing moving along. And we continue to momentum. And we're building. We're going up like a point. But George is doing a 30-year while he's on there. Anybody believe that? Yeah, he won't believe it either. No more tables. Hey, if you talk to my top 10 bands with a 20-year-old, I'm going to want you to be doing a 20. You're talking about the top 10 bands of the 70s. I can be going to mention the rush or think what? Hello? Yeah. I'm still here. Yeah. Yeah, I'm still here. Yeah. Yeah. I'm still here. Yeah. I'm still here. I'm still here. Yeah. Yeah. I'm still here. Yeah. But there's a difference between pretty good and being one of the 10 best recording artists or groups of all time. Big difference. I mean, that's a very solid category. And you certainly wouldn't put pink Floyd in that group. Or rush. Well, sure. I mean, I'm talking to them some other, you know, 70s. No rush, but pink Floyd. You put pink Floyd one of the top 10? Sure. No. No. No way. You know, rush can be employed. But it doesn't mean you want anything. No. Better than your OSMF? Yes. I'm just saying, he else is a great lunch. I've just finished a great lunch in this man just because he wants to see me puke right here on here, which I've never done before. He just, he said it with a straight face. Can you believe that? Unbelievable. Okay. Have a great day, come. See you. You've destroyed my faith in the subhuman race. You've destroyed my faith in Cubans. Yeah. Oh, didn't take much, but here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Here's one comedy, Joe. Hey. Here's one of the details we've got about. What about Queen? What about Queen? Queen. I'd say the top 60, maybe. Oh, come on, Neil. Not into Queen. I know. I don't have a pretty much human. I know he's dead, but he was pretty damn rich on stage. Yeah. He was just great. And nobody mentioned to me, Joe, either. The good, yeah, they did. That was great. Somebody should really drill them. We all, they're just scary. And you, Nneson, we all puked together. Billy, Joe, boy. Not only a bad performer, but an irritating person too. A knowing, a knowing is hell. But you keep on trying folks. We'll come up with a good one here soon or later. Like the Sherrells. I mean, the Sherrells aren't top 10 material. But certainly better than Frankie Lyman, the teenagers. Does anybody dispute that? No. Of course not. Even the raw Nets that feel spectacrupped to raw Nets, all those groups would certainly be far superior than Frankie Lyman and the teenagers. That's where the guy, I got a handle list, even the Elvis thing, which is, which is silly. It's ridiculous to put Elvis Presley in a sand category with all these other great groups that people are mentioning here. But I could even handle that just based on the hype of the whole deal. I want you stuck Frankie Lyman in there. That was it. That's what we were at the far, a parting of the ways. Here's Miami Beach, Chilla. Yeah sir. Nobody met him as up on yet? Yeah, somebody met him at the other day. There's a group. So, then all the way. Maybe number one. Top 30, I'd say yeah. Nothing about Frankie Lyman. He didn't write that. Well, he co-wrote his own one, full form of life. Why the fool's full of life? Yeah, he didn't write it himself. He wrote one of the other teenagers wrote it with him. Yeah. And he took the credit for it. And that's why the group broke up. Really? Yeah. Well, I guess he got his. Well, what happened was, is that the manager of the group put his name on it. And it was on the little, out on the little record. Instead of saying Frank the Laman and the teenage sister, Frankie Lyman, and that was the end of the group. Nice. And then he got to heroin and then overdosen that. There you go. You get to every time man. And anybody who thinks the beatboys are better than aerosmith or any other group got to go get their head checked. Okay. George, you're an idiot. Okay. George, thank you so much. Up yours, too. Come down. Yeah, it's, I do love the beatboys. And I had the music. I was driving to the track last night. And I was listening to beatboys and they were listening to beatboys. I just met like alternatively. And I can't, I can't pick and choose. Because they're by Love and Both so much. But I didn't know they were better. Totally different. But in terms of, for example, if you're going to include as part of the criteria performing. I mean, first of all, Brian Wilson, after he had the nervous breakdown, he was in bed. Most of the rest of his life. He never went out on a concert after that anyway. In fact, who is the, what was the name of the other kid? Well, I'm going to mind asking you, the fifth beat. Well, there actually were six, because David Marks was before Alger, was before Aljardine who replaced him, but there was another beach boy who was really bad by the way. But how was his name? It's in here somewhere. We used to go on tour. I don't have time to read the whole goddamn liner notes in this thing. What's that was his name, George? Come on real quick. Uh, uh, can't find it. But I mean, is a performing group, the beach boy would have to, you know, now you would admit that. There was a bit far better, oh no, question. Oh, thank you. They put on a show. Right. Because you can send. Here's a candle. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What about yes? No. Okay. What about stick? No. No. You gotta be kidding me. No. Well, I'm a big rush fan. And uh. Well, he's on right now. I just found that. No, not that big rush fan. Okay. What about Genesis? No, no, you don't like it. I'll fill Collins. I'll get, uh, it says, in fact, I think my rash came from fill column. I was always the delayed reaction. I was playing Phil Collins on Zeta. Yeah. Like 15 years ago, I think the rash just said in fantastic performance. Okay. What about the police? I love the police. Great. Great. Sure. Now, there's, I wouldn't say top 10, but, but to stop and compare the police with Frankie Lime and the teenagers. I mean, it's ridiculous. It's laughable. Anybody that would put, you know, or the supreme. The police aren't wearing red. Different, different time period. All right. Sure. Certainly. Well, okay. I mean, I mean, the teenagers, they sting. I think. Did you ever see Pink Floyd live now? No. Incredible. Yeah. R.M. Lies and grudges. No, I love R.M. Fantastic dance. Yeah. And I got it touch. Six again. They were, uh, definitely one of the best band I was growing. Watch your way. Have a great day, pal. You too. Okay, listen, that's going to do it for us. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? We get screwed. Just when we're picking up some momentum and talking about some real heavy do these stuff here today. And you want to know why we got to get on here? Because we got an exhibition baseball game coming up. Baby. I try. Marlins and Tampa Bay at VR, a VR or whatever it'll add to them places up there with your angel and table. Brian, you get on the edge of your seats. The deal. Roger show.