or from the spot. I want to tell you something that you're all up to sentiment to side characters versus whatever. And you already had the victimize kind of calls. They're not a picture. I was on culpa. You emoji. Let's excuse it. Excuse your language now. Let's hear it. More. More. More. More. More to see the right. Moretense. Hey big bucks But leave me when I tell you now that days for a team really tough You're I feel sorry For Jim Leeland Every time it's clear, it's not a joke Won't you give me? Believe me when I tell you now that days for a team is a joke Wait I think of it It's a major at home Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And you know everything good thing you said It's a lie You turned Wait I think of You ended up the payroll in the genders I'm winning Just die I I now the mallet Oh Safety me I'll brand new All water With a dome Believe me when I tell you I have to find another Oh, 10.03.5.60 WCUM today is opening day for the baseball season any interest No Wow, so a deep hole in the hall this morning Said they were ripping a crap out of me Friday morning Oh, we didn't know you weren't going to be here Friday We thought you'd have some fun with that we were ripping your ass And the audience all agreed all our butt suckers agree I said oh, that's unusual How could they not have known I wasn't going to be here? I'm not going to work on good Friday. Did I mention that I wasn't going to be here all week? I mentioned I was going to be here Friday. How could they maybe the fact I wasn't going to be here on Friday Was the reason that they suddenly decided to launch this all out of tech? Me, those lost a sense of humor. He didn't think our April Fool's prank was funny was it funny? No, I talked to 60 200 people after I left here on Thursday I asked 7800 people was that funny that the everyone who said no no was pathetic And if these guys would have had any credibility would have been damaging but thank God they don't Anyway, so who cares? Some grab it or work this morning and they must be continuing out today is what the fifth of April But they must be in a really good mood. They have to be continuing the April Fool don't they? Because they were talking about a new baseball stadium this morning And tell these oh yeah that's what they need to think it could do baseball stadium That's what they want to buy the players. You know what I think they ought to do now is take professional athletes You know how they have auctions for horses and cattle you'll see those And that's what they ought to do is like you know put them up there in their jocks tracks And yeah, I just put a number. Yeah, between the lifts and gum would be good, you know like like two in the back And just put a number on them and then the auction them off When if you're setting we put it on TV okay five million ten million twenty million How much do I hear to I hear twenty five million Huh, cuz they're mostly a bunch of whores anyway Oh my god talk about waxing emotional and being all over the place course default He's always got one cheek on either side of the French hanging over and believe me There's plenty of hangover these days. Wow These people go on a listen to me doing they do not want to listen you know I mean bad enough They had a very sunny last year Monday How many dead sports people can we have it as far as before they finally cut the crap This is the faddest the most unbelievably obese place in the history of the human race Everybody that works here except us and of course we're not part of the thank god part of that thing anyway But the rest of them are just ballooning up to enormous proportion God the booster and the default thank god hang this I think lots of couple of pounds like God for that ice going hopper Jesus So the Panthers are really course now they got a good excuse to get all those injuries You know something it doesn't really make any difference the injuries no injuries We're talking about a mediocre team with unacceptable management And you know something when it all comes down to one player anyway what difference does it make if that's what it's got to come down to it tells you what we already knew that it was a mediocre team And by the way, guilty it isn't just have a one again in the last four around the carol on a raccoon they're like and one win in the last ten games Just begging pleading pleading please pass this up we don't want to be embarrassed and humiliated in the playoffs Please take first place in the division please Florida win a couple of games here in there and we'll just roll over and play dead air every day Carolina loses every day waiting for something to happen with these Panthers It's happening all right big time The New York Islanders the Washington Crapital all my god and then of course you expect to lose out of what because they're much better team And it wasn't really that close anyway because the goal at the vorrex scored the second period nobody else will comment on this of course was only four feet off side So that we play 2500 times they showed it way off side maybe in hockey what we need is 200 linesman and 72 referees Make sure we get a and when you get that many people clanging up the ice the action will be slowed down enough they'll never miss a call Want to make sure to give you call right So we got let's see thanks there to be on it to from the stadium from P. P. Park any interest net. No, no I hear some of these assholes out there call this morning. Oh, yeah, but I'm gonna take my 11 year old son out to the ball game and as long as there's baseball going on And I took look take a look at the look at his face Yeah, just just wait until you take a look at the express dot is face after each one of those still we need to out there at the P. P. Park Some of the crappy child I have a look all right, but this has taken me out to the arrest room immediately. I've not seen her which take got at least a P. P. Park we got the rest rooms That's good In other words, it doesn't make any difference if we got a bunch of five year old kids in rag tag Home zone uniforms out there playing on the field we're gonna go out there because we're sucked into the high of any idea the notion Who put the notion in the basket that we're gonna have a goddamn new baseball stadium here that they're talking about it like it's a done deal Oh, yeah, there's five different locations they're talking about in the paper and I don't care where it is as long as we have it. That's right, y'all Just keep on sucking baby. Just keep sucking man God Almighty I think one of the dirries is gonna steal him from us just the hook is lifts up to one of the cows utter. I mean unbelievable replace all the milking machines in town Boy Gonna have a new and the best part of it is some of these fools including either my good post personal friend of mad dog So I think he's totally gone mad and lost his senses You see I hate to break the news to you how many times do we need to say it but but People don't want to go to date county. Oh my god. How can you say that? That's a terrible thing to say even if it is true people don't want to go to date county and the majority of these sports fan base such as it is down here is in Broward and even in Palm Beach not in date county That's not my opinion that's a fact. It's well researched. It's well known So now the new room of their starting is all this great new baseball stadium which allowed to make all this more money out of your pockets by the way they're expecting and buy all these players at the auction The deal is that they're gonna build it right down the next to the American Airlines arena which allowed us to donate a couple of locks away from the old Miami arena Which we didn't want to go to because it was a bad neighborhood it was a slum But even worse the new arena over there by the water. There's no place to park So I hope they do build a new stadium right next to the American Airlines arena I hope they build it will they come no You know, I mean date county is only bankruptcy of Miami is beyond bankrupt but somebody somewhere will find a money Because we got to bring it back to date bring it back alive And like I told you about about a year ago, let's build a new stadium and a newer arena Let's do it alternate years, okay this year will build a new stadium and then by next year the macaroon that'll be worn out will build a new arena, okay? Let's do it Let's give it the important stuff, okay stadiums and a reman is ball parks, etc That's the important crap Ten on it's have to tend to five sixty wqm hank will be on from two to three thirty We got the baseball pregame tree thirty any interest no barlins in the mess any interest No, then we got the Panthers night Panthers in the camps any interest no That's all for Neil today the farm and passing late, I'm sure Neil's of the time growing so Now to ward these mortals and here are the fellows and residents of us with five turn off the radio In far space ball it's boring and it's far space ball And let's check out the incidents design for those who don't like today And get excited from recogies the things The farm day ball Oh no, what did I have to say More than the entertainment the barlins once their payments contractual for three to plus three matches Despite the trading tips they have two days of it And hopefully if all the ins strains are thin in far space ball Time to make a set with hard day ball A rather huge event is exciting at the sound of drying a foot The dime for those with trouble any length in far space ball I click that whole spot on spot open in the rosy 50 fun and add in miss No, what is this? On it little tractor up the third base line a very good one picked up on another third base line Don't drop it I'm demity drafted Christ So they got an extra special look at this in the Harold this morning Look at that Marlins majorly baseball extra with a bunch of guys on here They're nobody ever heard of before and they still align from some of us from me and Bob Green and even the rimman You start stealing the lines from remember except you take in the check that's only when you can steal but other than that It's not a matter of if they'll win but when the marlins will win again not a question of if but when they'll win again kind of the Panthers some day the win another game for win And then the Dan Lobax did got his big article. Oh, it's not forget the next hundred and sixty-one game saver today Which is really a way of saying the next hundred and sixty-one games are gonna be really really ugly because the other teams got all add money Like the Yankees and the brave that said we're the same old suspect as always So just go out there today and pretend you're all excited because it's opening day gets swept up in the hype of it Okay, am I swept up? No, couldn't give a crap less boring You know, so and even if we're trolly other stuff, it's still boring. I was a baseball fan for about two hundred years And then all of a sudden one day after they expanded the six hundred teams I said you know what this is boring I mean really boring Get on so they had they had the mark McGuire Sammy so something last year, which he did and nobody cares that the Yankees 100 and so with all apologies to Joe Costello Who's running around here in his Yankees and by the way at least get to one of the pinstrives, okay? Huh, I was gonna say in his Yankees pinstrives. He's got the other uniform. They wanted to doll and gray and boring at least get the pinstrive one joke, okay Christ you all they said you look sexy in it, but at any rate nobody said I heard in this morning He said oh that uniform is pathetic But in the pinstrives, you know what the yellowie always says about Joe. Okay, that's a good looking guy. I'll find it. Oh, God It's just a boring How did I wake up one day and realize how boring it is? Not as boring as Panthers hockey, but next to it Wow, we got that big game with Washington 9 2500 tickets remaining are we gonna be there and then I'll be there I will be there. I'm gonna be and how about those leaves huh? I already made it when they don't just went once in a while. I told you they had their little bit of a slump They'd come out of it. I had my fingers and legs crossed and sure enough Oh, they're smoking baby. They're scoring more goals in one day than the Panthers score in a month Every day 65 to one five to there's just a smoking clean enough So anyway, get back last night in the I want you know, I hate I don't want to sound because I am I'm in a great mood I feel good by the way Dr Mark I'll see you next Monday. Did you call her yet? No, I was gonna go there today, but you know something feel better. I'm gonna be my own doctor with a help of Dr Mark. He's a great guy And now I now I appreciate him. I'm serious now I really appreciate Dr Markle of Porta. This man is great I'd rather have a doctor who does less who errs on the side of caution as opposed to another pill doctor that kills you with pills I'm gonna go on today about pills that kill and doctors that kill I may never take a call here today. Okay. I may just lose it. I may go a shot I'm serious. I'm tired of it. I'm tired of a cracked doctor. Some of the doctors that I had like truth and advertising when you walk when you open the door They're office, you're yeah backing sounds when you walk in to least give you a little bit of a warning that they're about to butcher you up with their goddamn pills with those prescription drugs all you detail assholes out there you're killing us all with your pills with your smirking about it to guide them true and it's only by accident I keep reading and reading I'm even rereading the Atkins new a dire revolution book. I'm reading on the plane there last night And the store this you tried to hand me a I didn't take the meal of course because who don't want to eat that crappy airline food in the first place? Who needs it? Why should eat when you're hungry anyway? So then she comes around well how about could I interest you for dessert? We have a hot-bud sundae. Do you want it? No, no, guy next to me he gets one didn't even look good. Do you want one? No. How about a fruit plate? No. And she looks at me like like this appointed and I'm reading this Atkins and I hold the book up with the front cover look honey I say here. Here you go and she just kind of like hey. Okay, yeah, she was there a hole yet. Yeah, hole yet. This wasn't there Canada. This was American Airlines Oh, you said you never fly them again. Well, so we go so they got you by the ball. You're gonna fly wherever whatever you're lying You can't whenever you want to go. How many choices you got so anyway get back last night in Miami and Nationalist 10 30 and night and by the way, my the sky isn't falling kind of got so much stuff to talk about I have a spy report about my mother. I woke up this morning in a cold sweat and two words were my mind nursing home They kept reverberating through my mind over and over again nursing home Yeah, and then after that finally cleared out of my mind. I thought you know, I picked up those condos and carriage hills are going for some big bucks nowadays Those are the two things I've been thinking about all morning I'm out of town for the weekend. Thank God Saturday afternoon John's on the internet. He's found this uh European music these what are these websites on there with the music you can actually listen to and all that and he's obsessed, you know, whatever So he's on there for about an hour. I guess well guess who's trying to call the house and of course I'm not gonna get a second line. I'm not gonna do like the rimmers and put in 25 different lines. I'd have to get them any calls. Okay One line is enough for this kid So if you're using the if you're on the internet and actually your phone line is tied up anybody trying to call you get the busy signal. Oh, you know what to bed Is that gonna be me calls that important coming to my house Well, guess who's trying to call while the internet is taking up my phone line. Nah. Yeah, nah Well, mom keeps getting a busy signal bad bad busy signal over and over and over again. Ma being psychotic and hallucinatory issues goes into a panic calls the neighbor See George is on the floor already Call the neighbor to come over to the house and check and make sure that everybody's still alive Oh my god Exactly, that's right. That's right panic. Ma. I'm only 56 years old I can't walk into gum at the same time Sometimes they even leave the house without my goolashes and rubbers on. How do you like that? Yeah Call the neighbor to have him come over and check and make sure who's the naughty and nice of what's going on because she can't get through. It's a busy signal Bad bad bad I think that next couple weeks. I'll just leave the phone off the hook. That makes it good busy signal on it True story Like what could have happened you're on the phone. You have a heart attack. You die And that's why the phones off the hook. She'd be the first one to know if anything happens to me. She will be the first the second and the third one to know Calls the neighbor in the middle of the afternoon on a Saturday In a state of panic in a state of frenzy. Oh, I can't get through. I have a drive for power. The sky is falling See, this is what happens when you have too much like most people in this time. Most of our old folks in this town too much time on your hand Just like when you're young, you know what they say about teenagers too much spare time on their hands they get in the trouble old people too much spare time on their hand They get in the trouble Because they get bored they have no life So I apologize to my neighbor for having ancient Venus and to come over and not kind of door and John and tell them there's nobody did here yet, okay Even the dogs are still alive all of my little dog went out for a couple of bull-fot-tot adventures last night one when I got home And believe me when I got home I was in no mood to be washing out some little dogs mouse The reason being that here I was back in Miami my plane lands on time 10 30 I walked through the airport Get into my car and I have parked by the way way down, which I'm gonna take every parked down on the level 1 before and Don't ever park in the dolphin garage by the way at the Miami International Airport. They're worst not just if leaving go so much better But they must take the extra dump people and make them all park in there So I figured well I'm on level 1. This is great. I'll go right down to the exit Salida and a surprise you go down from level 1. You can't get there from here. You have to go back up to get out So I have to do my little spin around you turn there. I'm going back up and I'm like, where the hell do I go? And I'm looking for signs you people at Miami International are the biggest bunch of morons in the history of the human race you're dumber than sawdust That's our pull question. Who's dumber the people who like and created a parking situation in there and Lendered and marked it all up are the people who actually park in there So I finally find exit Salida Salida anything okay now I go to Salida and I make my turn there and here I see you know There's 85 boots for the course only one little green light at that time and I there's only one on God for big we should have too many people working for four bucks an hour There's two cars ahead of me. Okay not bad. I Figure not bad I got my ticket in my hand. I got my cash. I know how much it's going to be. I'm all prepared. I'll see you in travel. I'm all set to go ready to pay get out. Let me out here. Let me out. No. I Look into booth Where these two cars are there's nobody in there And I'm picking oh no And I wait and wait and finally the big big dark-complpted guy comes out and he's got like forms in his hand And I thought oh no don't don't don't yeah So now he's inside and he's not even communicating with the sandshold who's sitting over there to the right of the booth waiting to well where you're supposed to pay He's writing and he's writing and he's writing and he's writing even Shakespeare never wrote so much He's writing and writing and writing and writing and writing and writing and writing and writing and now I look behind me and there's about the you know Have it doesn't car now. There's a line piling up poor bastards getting home late at night on a Sunday Like to get home sometime before 4 in the morning get a couple hours shut up Now here's the best part The guy in front of me who's in there with his family young guy and his uh say mid late 20s Who real He gets out of his car cannot see I don't know whether the thank him or the curse him He says to me He says this guy's gonna be a long time and mine's gonna be a long time too So there's another booth that you go out and make a quick go you turn go out there to the on the other end You better go over there because it's gonna be a long time Thank God I had just enough space to back up and make a quick youy and go over to the other thing and pay to get out Keep this in mind the guy in front of him is gonna be a long time and He's gonna be a long time He's an asshole To be continued in the moment This incredible welcome to back to Miami Neil The city The I'm going to get back to my parking lot story in the airport, but first I'm going to dedicate a very brief thing I want to read called the job closet. Why did dedicated to the morning show on this radio station the worst team? Well, I got a good sense of humor. I obviously lost mine according to default. Boy, she's getting fat. Oh, he's getting enormous. You know, some guys handle the, you think what a guy gets divorced, you know, he's going to start trimming down a little bit with Trim on his mind. You don't say? Anyway, I want you to listen to this very carefully because an echo some of the things that I've said for a long time. For a short, says consider this popular indeed legendary scene that has played out time and again at high schools, universities and community centers, and has often featured on television and newspapers and magazines. A group of men get together, what are usually the rather close quarters of a locker room and take their clothes off. In various states of undressed, they stand around talking to each other, preparing themselves for what is to follow. Ritual garments are dawned, first of all, the jocks strap. The jocks strap is perhaps the quintessential homoerotic ritual robe because just as it intends the symbol of the myth of masculinity, so to the straps that originate in the top of Alaska elastic, circumscribed the buttocks and disappear at the anus. Bringing us to that place where masculinity meets its mythic undoing. Then a coalition of pads and suspenders worked together to dramatize and accentuate the masculine form. Then men pull themselves into tight pants that closely adhere to the shape of the buttocks, and not forgetting the twofold nature of Apollo and elaborate set of laces frame the cup and much-boughted male genitals. The men then worked themselves into a psychic frenzy of masculinity and right out of the plane feel ready to get the other team. One man bends over, while the other behind him puts his hand between the implied man's legs, grabs the ball that shake like a large testicle and tries to throw it to another man. Everybody wants the ball. Men along the line of scrimmage pressed themselves against each other enthusiastically as a man on the field runs with the ball, many others run after him trying to grab him. Unless the ball goes out of bounds, each play climb axes with men lying on top of each other, the testicle shaped ball forming the nucleus of this masculine clutch. The whistle blows in some variation of the same thing is played over and over. When time is up, the boys go back into the locker room, take their clothes off again and shower together. That's a deep club you moron. That's for the morning show. Okay anyway, get back to these assholes. Now first of all, you drive around this town as I do. I take the turnpike coming to work in the morning. I take the turnpike going home at night. Okay, in the afternoon. Twice a day, five days a week. How many times have all of us pulled up to the turnpike? Let's say we get to the green sign. You know where you get to change, where you feel the change? And you get behind some asshole who obviously has no money. He has no money. Why are you driving on a tour road if you have no money? He's an asshole, huh? Am I the only one who gets behind people who have no money? Who have to pay the 75 cent? We're not talking about, like if you were driving on the turnpike from Orlando to a four-laterdale. To the sunrise exit, and have to pay whatever is, ten bucks, fifteen bucks, whatever it is nowadays. We're talking about 75 cents. What kind of person out there doesn't have 75 cents? Then of course even better than that are the ones that go to the blue signs. One that's a exact change in big, big letters. Exact change, 75 cents, or 50 cents over here by the stadium. And there's somebody sitting there with a five dollar bill. At the exact change booth. Looking around, looking around, like, oh, what do I do now? Right? Am I right? Every day of our lives. He's an asshole. Right? But here we are now stopping to think about this, okay? You're in the airport. Your car is parked in the dolphin or the flamingo garage. When you went in with your car to the garage, there's a little thing there with an arm up, okay? And in order to get through, when you drive over the sensor, a little ticket comes out. Will you pull the ticket out the arm late, let's stop at a year, and right there on the little booth, where the ticket comes out, it shows you the parking rates. 10 bucks a day long to her. Whatever the rates are, okay? Unless you're an absolute moron, you know how much it's going to cost you to get out depending on how long you're going to park. It's not a freebie. It's not a free pass. Then you go in there and you park your car. You go into the airport with your bags and you're going to misspah. You get on your plane. You go someplace. Now, one of the things that I always do, because I do a lot of traveling, always do it. I also have a lot of different kinds of currency. Sometimes Canadian, sometimes Dutch, sometimes it's not whatever kind of currency. But I always make sure, let's say I'm going to go away for 10 days, times 10 dollars a day, is 100 bucks easier if it takes, even I can do that. So I make sure I have 100 bucks US minimum, but I have left over. So I pay the parking, I can get home. What kind of an asshole? Seriously, what kind of an imbosil goes in there and parks for two days, five days, whatever. There are only two possibilities that I can think of. Two, for people sitting at that booth, filling out paperwork saying, oh, this is going to be a long time. Number one, you lost the ticket. Huh? Lost the parking ticket? No, no. You don't have to pay for work if you want to take it. What do you do? You say, I lost my ticket and they just charge you whatever. There's like a flat scene. Like I said, there's only one possibility that you can be there at that booth. And that is no dinner room. They even take credit cards. They got the little symbols up there. They take American Express visa, mastercard. What you got it? Whatever you want. What kind of a schmuck gets on an airplane? What kind of an asshole can afford to take his family on a plane and go for my own and even west Palm Beach? Miami to Fort Lauderdale by plane. That's how stupid they must be. And not be able to have not have a credit card. Not have the cash. 30 bucks. 50 bucks. 20 bucks. And you know what I'm thinking now? I'm thinking some of these assholes do this on purpose. It's like kind of right this space, you know, and I'll pay you some time down the road. You know what I'm saying? Maybe it's like you said they never left town before. But why did they come back? Why did they come back? Sir, the two of you who were in front of me last night, why did you come back? You assholes you. I mean, there are different kinds of stupidity. But this has got to be one of the greatest kinds of stupidity. You have to be dumber than sawdust. And neither one of these cars are like the little old brown toy odors. The stereotypes. These were like real honest to God cars. And the guy in front of me was like this, holy old that come out. A young guy with a family well dressed. Didn't look like he just came off a banana boat. How stupid can you possibly be, sir? Not to have the cash to pay to get your car out of the fricking lot. And of course, maybe you don't care about the 20 people who are getting home. 10 30 11 o'clock at night. And in the morning, whatever it is, who maybe have to drive all the way to Palm Beach for all you know. Maybe you don't give a flying crap. About how far they have to, how long they have to wait for your stupidity and insensitivity and Rudeness and just plain dumbness. That's the price this town pays for so many goddamn stupid people in one place. I don't make it up. I don't take any delight in it. It's the truth. If you don't believe me, get in your car. Hit out in any direction you want right now. Call me at an hour. And I promise you you'll be cursing up a storm of blue streak. And asshole in an airport and in this happens every time. Every time you're in my lane, once in a while I'm lucky it's in the lane next to me. And they're right in and right in and filling out paperwork and taking out license plates. Because somebody is so stupid. They don't understand you have to pay for it. You're on talking about it. If you want it, you got to pay. 24, 5, 60, 2. Here's your guy that's got the answer to all our parking problems. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil, I want to explain everything to the problem you have with the parking down on my M. Yes sir. I work at the airport down there too. And the apartment here is when people forget their lights. They're a ticket. They have to take down the license plate number. They take down everyone's plate that's in the whole garage. So what they do is if someone goes out of town for more than 10 days or something like that, they'll scam the airport by bringing someone else in. Well, no. Wait, wait a minute. They'll take down the license plate number of everybody's who's in the garage. There's there's two people that do the whole thing. They got like the four dollar in our help to go around with like a inventory. Every night they take down everyone's life is like number. And when you lose your ticket, what they're able to do is run your plate number through there. And it tells you exactly how many days you've been in a lot. So George was wrong when he said there's a flat plate. One on all differentation. Okay. And the other thing is is what you can do is see if you're in there for 10 days. You're going to pay in like 80 bucks. I mean, 100 bucks. Yeah. Okay. What you do is you have someone else come to the airport with you. That person would say that they blow off their ticket. Okay. Now when they run their license plate number, they're going to pay the 10 dollars to see. The other person is going to take your ticket. Did you just put and they're going to pay the 10 dollars to. So no one pays you so in an essence what you've done is you've only paid 20 bucks per parking when you've been the four 10 days. Do you understand what I'm saying? No, not at all. Okay. So you've been out of town for 10 days. Okay. You all in the hundred bucks. You come in. You have your friend flying that drive into the airport soon. They say that they've lost their ticket. They're in life and it's not in the system. So when he goes up to say that he lost the ticket, they run his plate. He's only been there for 10 days for one day. So they're going to charge in the max, which is 10 days. Were you all on the hundred bucks you walked there with his ticket. Now you pay in 10 bucks. They're actually not even paying them. They're going to hourly fee whatever that is. Got me? Yeah. Now I got you. I explain the whole scam for you right there. What about that? Is that a point where you're so poor? What about that? But this wasn't a scam. But I'm telling you. That's exactly what's going on there. Yeah. And you're absolutely right. I'm just wondering if there are more people who didn't have any money. I don't explain it. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. But you know what goes on. I got to tell myself too. And I always take money when I come back to it. I don't understand why I don't know and else does the same thing. Okay. Sorry about that. Thanks. You too. For whatever. And the two for one deal. I'm a little slow I guess. I'm too pissed off. I'm not the idea that people because I see it all the time. I see it. I'm like I said on the turnpike. 75 cents. If you don't have 75 cents. Why are you driving a car? How can you be? I mean, I'm not saying we got to look in force. The vaguency laws anymore. Should we? Yeah. Yes. Let's round up these deadbeats. Okay. Get them off our roads. Round up the deadbeats. The vaguence. Instead of worrying about the guy dead. You know, who's going five miles over over the speed limit on height? It's wrote right up the deadbeats. The derelicts. But they're a little beat up old jelopis. Those are the ones by the way on the turnpike. Always. I'll give you an even better one. I go. I go home one day last week on the turnpike. I got my exact change by 50 cents. Now here's the guy has just gone through. But he stopped a little on the other side. Okay. So evidently the guy behind him. Dark and plucking. He's going to get the deadbeats behind him. And the next car. He's there together. The guy behind him. No sits there. Looking at the basket. Okay. He didn't even make a motion in the basket. He just looking at it. Because the arm went up for the other guy who was in front of him. Because he put the 50 cents in the basket. Okay. The arm goes up. You go through. That fellow works rocket scientists. dummy. He sits there. And I'm of course behind him. Do I know how to pick him or what? I'm behind him. So now I just whip out and I go into my, you know, the, the, the, there's nobody in the, a change thing. I got the exact change. I guess still be the 50 cents. I go on my way. And now the guy in the car in front of him. Back up. Come back through a 50 cents in the basket. And the arm opens up and his buddy goes through. And I'm thinking, no. No. Please. Please tell me. This isn't happening. Please tell me nobody can be that stupid. Why was this man? I mean, I, I was right behind him. So it's not like he threw the money and it fell on the ground. Or he missed a basket or like only one quarter when it, no, he just sat there looking at it. Maybe he thought he had psychic vibrations. And if he looked at it with a certain look, it would open a goddamn thing on the gate. Do you only arm that went up an air was mine with the, with a, with a digit, you know, like sticking up in the middle. Like what are you doing? You're doing you crazy old bastard you. Why? I mean, we're talking about the, it's like getting up in the morning and taking a, and, you know, watching your face. We're talking the basic simple rudimentary elements of life in the universe. And we've got so many of these people. I'm not singing out water, too. We've got a crap load of them who just can't do these things. Who just can't find they can't feel the chain. All of these things. You know, I mean, like a sensible person, like I said, you put enough money aside before you go on your trip. Even if you're going to go to Vegas and lose your ass, you keep a certain amount of money like you're not going to touch because you've got to get your car out. You've got to pay the park. Or if you're on a turn bike, you know where the exit is. So just before you get there, in fact, what I do in the morning is I take the change from wherever I got it. I stick it in my shirt pocket. So when I get there, if I have a dollar bill, and I need change, I got the money. I don't have to sit there like these, especially women. Women are famous for this. They get to the turn bike tool, move through whatever tool move it is. And then they start falling around for change. They start feeling the change. They got there. They get to purse out. They're looking out here as a quarter. Here's a penny. No penny's place. Wow, here's a, and then they even hold handful of crap in there. Maybe it's going to open or not. Is the case maybe. And way over in the, in the change booth, she's looking out there, there's a still short. Still short. In that point, I'll take the toilet paper. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any else? Yes sir. Just put it on the, it's all blue that the on the side by 75 going across. Well, I just sit there and I did. Okay, back. I did bring the right change. There you go. Well, but one time I have to say I did after right a check for 75 cents. I admit it. They take a check. Yep. Why that? So the DMT. What? I didn't know money. I looked down and I didn't have change. I got that change. No money. You had no money in your wallet. No one was this last week. No, this is a year ago. Young and poor. Listen. Neil. You still there? I'm here. Oh, Neil. You can afford the call because we're paying for it. So I'm not worried about things. Another thing about the, the closet jobs or whatever you're saying before. Yeah. I wanted to add just add something and maybe somebody else has had the of witnessed this. Every gym of every mile, ever belonged to or gone to where there's like a locker room. Why is there always an old guy? No 70's told. And he's just walking around naked. Like he goes to the scale. He goes to the water fountain. Yeah. He goes to the sink. He comes in here. It's like, it's like he enjoys it. And it's like his wife or if he has a wife. He might have to do it at home. So yeah. Wow. It's just, it's really. I can understand like even the coach on a hot day on a football game. He's going to get sweaty up. Maybe he wants to go in there and take a shower with the guys. But how come the guy who's like the traveling secretary who's sitting in an air conditioner office? How come he's in there taking a shower next to these guys? That's what I'm saying. And it's like, I think he just answered the question. It's just a thing. I've ever got a business in jail. Okay. Pay your phone. Look at his poor guy. I feel sorry for this guy. His phone cracked out. He doesn't have 75 cents in his pocket. Hey, we're not all big shots like you. We don't have 75 cents. Let me say this if you don't have 75 cents or 50 cents. Get off the road. Now, park it. Take the keys. Call the police. Tell them where to pick it up and go home. Call a cab and then just if the cab driver. Well, that's probably a thing goes on too. I have no idea because I've never seen that. It wouldn't surprise me in this town. People call a cab. They go like, you know, from four-later day, to my main international airports. They get to the airport. Okay. That'll be a $54. Oh, geez. Sorry. They pull a rumor. You know, I left my wallet as home or something like that. They opened up the wallet and nothing but mob supply out. Here's Oakland Park, Ella. Oakland Park. Going one. Here's the Carl Springs, Ella. These airport morons should be arrested. They're just horrible. They have to do all the time, but I have a cure field on the turnpike. Yeah. Get to some pay us, Fox. Where do you get that? You call one eight eight eight. To total, TOL, L-O-L-S-L-A. And you set up an account with them. I'll mail you the transponder. You put it on your windshield. I travel between Boca and the Glade. Yeah, they don't have that over here. They don't have that over here by people you're stating. Yeah, I don't think. Oh, I think you, I think they do. Do they? Yeah, you get to the same lane. You just go right through. Hmm. I'll have to look when I go home to the end. Thanks, Tom. And they'll have it on the sawgrass by the sawgrass. Oh, they have it on the turnpike itself. Like, well, by commercial, I have it up there. Oh, it's great. Yeah. Just drive right through. Okay. Thank you, sir. One triple eight, TOL, FLA. I'm going to do it. I'm sticking to our waiting for geeks waiting for assholes that are fond of the chains. Don't have the chains. I're trying to stick pennies in the goddamn thing pennies from heaven. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? A few years back. My wife and I were in the Bahamas. Someone sort of stole our wallet. We had some friends, well, not friends, but acquaintances gave us enough money to get out of there. We get to the airport. It was the same thing. They took our license number this about seven or eight years ago. And we sent the money in. Ever since that, we learned a valuable lesson. What I do when I go into the airport now is I take the ticket. And how many days I know I will be there plus some. And I put the money in the ass tray with my tickets. So no matter what I do, wherever I'm traveling, when I come back to money, in the ass tray, for me to get out of the airport. And that's it. You leave the money in the car in the ass tray. In the ass tray locked up, yes, sir. It's 20 bucks, 40 bucks, whatever it is with the tickets. So when I come back into the airport, we're ready to leave the matter. What I've done about my wallet, anything. The money is there for me to get out of the airport. Okay. Well, what kind of card do you drive? What's the tag number? It is an $99. $99. You want to go out? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. 1056. 1056. WQA. Oh. God. The longer I live. Yes, thought that I was stubborn, so quick. Good point. Salah, Lisa, baby. Poor thing. It's the best time for the day. Tonight on the E. True Hollywood star, it's the life of the most popular kids that are in the history of television. Tinky Lakey. Born, Morton's Iberius, when Kowski on the Lower East Side of Sheffield, England, this lovable purple triangular shake that 10-a-wearing doll never thought he'd become the alternative lifestyle cult icon he now is. But things weren't always as rosy as they seem to the man they now call, Tinky Lakey. In the early days, I was so poor that I turned to crack. So. The supplement my meagame come. I started pimping, but Tinky WQA would soon become even more desperate for money. So desperate he had to speak to what he now admits was an all-time woe. A spoken word beatles record. Picture yourself on a boat. Or a river. With tangerine trees. And mum and I sky. Although his public life would bring him fame and fortune, it would be Tinky WQA's private life that would trust him permanently into the spotlight. Things really came in the focus of me. After an all-nighter at Studio 54, when Austin invited me back to his law with Freddie Mercury and Elton Chan. Tinky WQA, the whole truth and I, on the E true Hollywood story. What do I wear with that laser thing working to you, Macarine anything? All right. Hey, if I was posting out there by the fool or tubby by the fool by the fool or tubby fool is friend. Where the hell is mine already, Fanto? On by the way, does the audience love those real-the-storey spots we got on the ones that are out of phase? I don't want to get started again because we went through this for what the last 14, 15 months that's getting a little old. The real-the-storey ones. Oh, I'm so gross. Because we don't really care. We just don't care. We're concerned about all games. We're concerned about the stuff I was reading about before we don't take a lot of showers and they could together. That's what we're concerned about. Thought about getting the spots on so they can understand it. So anyway, that hadn't been said. What's your, you know, we can talk about that. But I got something that's much, much, much, much, much more important than I'm going to spend a little bit of time on today. And I'm not just saying this to suck up because I'm not going to suck up to any doctors, but Dr. Mark is a good guy. In fact, he's probably because he under does. I'm probably alive only because I've mostly gone to him because he doesn't over-medicate. And I want to make it very clear. I'm not a doctor. I'm not an expert. I'm not a nutritionist. But, but I do a lot of reading. And in fact, the only reason I'm still alive, I think is because I do a lot of reading. And the stuff that I read this week in first of all, I'm rereading Dr. Racken's new diet revolution. And one of the things that I read in there about what makes you medically resistant to his diet and believe me, I've been doing his diet so faithfully. Now, and the weight loss is so excruciatingly slow. I mean, my blood sugar is great. I feel better now. My blood pressure is good. But the weight loss is so slow. It's like at a snail's pace. One of the reasons why, perhaps, one of the drugs that makes you medically resistant is dioretics. One of many categories, by the way, along with psychotropic drugs like phenophysines and die depresence, prosact, tranquilizes lithium, anti-artritic medications, hormones like estrogen, predneson can cause weight gain, many cardiovascular medications. But then there are the dioretics like hydrochlorotheous eye. Last week, we had this controversy on this station, including some crap in the newspaper. And I'm going to say it again. When you're happy with the doctor, he's done something good for you. When you're unhappy with the doctor, it's probably because he's done something that hasn't been good and you're getting real, real bad problems from it. And when a doctor prescribed me a hydrochlorotheous side, which interferes being me a diabetic and pushes my blood sugar wave up, which also I'm reading now because it's your cholesterol to go up and your bad cholesterol to go up. And also interferes with your weight loss and about a million other damn things. And interferes with your diabetes medication. I have to scratch my head and wonder to myself, what the hell was this man thickened? Is what I have to wonder to myself. And I'm going to tell you, toward the end of last week, which is why I was going to go see Dr. Mark today is because I've had these increasing abdominal pains like I'm dying. I'll be like, what is this? And I'm starting to read up. I figured I'll read up on the side effects of all these damn prescription drugs that I'm taking. And let me say it again. Don't go off any prescription drugs because I'm talking about this on here. Talk to your doctor, okay? But believe me, this needs to be talked about. Oh, you're your cholesterol. Hi, somebody put me out of wasn't back to market, put me on a crab or call either by the way. However long ago it was too long. I'm starting to read about a crab call, which is like another one of those great cholesterol lowering drugs alleged. And the stuff that I'm reading, I got a book called the Heart Revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley, which I bought this weekend. We write about the amino acid homo cysteine, which causes arterioseclerosis and damages the cells and tissues of the arteries. If you have too much homo cysteine in your system and believe me, this homo probably has too much homo cysteine in my system. And he goes on to talk about cholesterol lowering drugs. This statins like Prevastatin and the low statin and Prevacore, which of course, Prevacore is one of those. I bought the liver damage that it doesn't cause incancer and lab animals and a normal liver function and liver toxicity and gastrointestinal side effects and on and on. So I stopped taking Prevacore four days ago and guess what? Do I have any more abdominal pain? No. And guess another thing that he writes here in his same chapter about drugs that the do bad things to you? Some diuretic drugs die inside, found for me to like hydrochlorothize, I prescribed the lower blood pressure cause homo cysteine derives causing arterioseclerosis and damaging the cells and tissues of your arteries and making you feel like crap and saying I'm dying over here. I'm telling you right now that doctors of this country, the over prescribed was the pill doctors are killing us. And I'm not saying go off all your medication. You have to be crazy to do that. I would be irresponsible for me to say that but find a doctor that doesn't believe in all these goddamn pills. The pill doctors of this country and believe me, I'm just I'm furious. I'm foaming at the mouth from pill doctors who prescribed drugs that interfere with each other that have just unbelievable side effects and you know, go home. Good luck. And like Dr. Racken says, if you read that book in a lot of you have, you have to work to start controlling your own blood pressure and your own blood sugar or what's the heck inside does and getting off of these damn drugs is quickly and it's safely as you possibly can because they will kill you. Some people, I got drugs that they have to stay on the rest of their lives. So I'm not going to interfere with that. The fact is for a lot of us especially fat people type to die of headaches, bad, bad, bad side effects. Privacal. Well, I ever take, I've got enough of that stuff at home. I could start my own laboratory. I'm never going to my own drugs, they're taking another one. No. Hydrochloric eyesight. Am I going to take it? No. Never again. Never. So thank you, Dr. You know who you are over there at the other place? Thank you so much. And the next time anybody over there gets better out of shape because things are said on the air, you know what I say? Tough crap. That's what I say. That's my response. Tough crap. It is absolutely the kind of irresponsibility to put somebody on prescription drugs, especially high dosages and then just kind of like walk away. Okay. Well, you know, he's going to die anyway. He's fat. He's going to croak anyway. What are they thinking? What are they thinking? Besides, you know, don't be sifted off. Right. What's the address and where do we send the bill? Highest markup of any product in existence. On-friking and by the way, a protocol, if I could tell you how much it cost for 100 tablets to that, I think it's like, I think it's more than a bucket of pills. It's unbelievably expensive so that you can damage your liver and get all bolted up and feel as intestinal and distressed and all these other things that happen. And by the way, also in this book that I was talking about the heart revolution, Dr. McColley says, and I quote, if I can find the damn thing, I recommend that these potent drugs talking about the statin drugs for cholesterol. The use only if you have very high cholesterol levels over 300 and reduced life expectancy because of heart disease. He says, experts have recommended that the statin drugs be used only in people with a short life expectancy five to 10 years. However, the proponents of statin drug therapy and certain pharmaceutical companies have suggested prescribing these toxic drugs to obese children or at risk of developing heart disease in adulthood. So that they can keep peddling more and more pills and the stock of all these companies can go up. So that's the question you have to ask. Are you willing to sacrifice your life to your doctor and the drug companies or do you want to live like a little bit longer? How do you like that? Only to people who have cholesterol over 300 which I've never had in my life or have only five to 10 years to live. Which if I keep taking these goddamn drugs prescribed by these pill bakers, guess what? I'll be lucky to make it that long. New York, this portion of our show is brought to you by Boo Boo Boo. A little bit of y'all needs to be in Word Talk at a 40WD and they all knew palm balm. Because love and loneliness go hand in hand. Remember palm balm. Now back to our show. Even though you walk by car, cut off my hair off. I miss you girl. Yes. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this hint? No, let's bet before weeks, but I've not complained. Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother, we said it though I'm not dead yet. Dear Lenin. I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He might've looked in talk just like me, contact surely purely coincidental. I was so weird here that place. I loved you too much who look at anyone else. Dear Lenin. I had a dead as to point that day and I was so weird here that Sharon's metal lid so pale. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good and whizz all those rarely sagged all that money. Take my left hand and pick me up. Okay, I love it 17 at 560WDQAM. Don't forget we got Marlon's baseball that a 330 pregame to Marlon's in the Met's 4 clock opening day in the interest. No. Panther's hockey, Panthers and Washington Caps, Macarena, 7 o'clock pregame, 730 to the game tonight any interest. No. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Miami Beach. Going once. Going twice. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Okay, moving right along. Here's a mobile in Miami going once. Hello. Yes sir. When you get in this information for the public, I've picked out my answer. 300. That's the only thing that'll ever people had checked. I mean, I'll try to go into a free diet. It's just a work for me. Yeah. That's a protocol 40 milligrams. 40 milligrams every day. Yeah. Well, I don't do anything because I said so. But you want to know. Huh? No, I just want to know where are you reading this? The heart revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley MD. It's a hard cover book. McCulley. Right. Okay. That's why everything there is. And nothing, nothing breaks it down a minute. Free 15. Yeah. And this is everything. But do I have to end right now? And I have to end right now. I have to end right now. If it's working for you fine. But like I said, I don't think it's something you want to take the rest of your life. No, no, no. I don't. I don't know for how long. But I feel nothing other than I don't feel any side effects whatsoever. Not the ones that you can feel. Maybe from that. I don't know. I feel you. None yet. No. Okay. Good luck. Okay. 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and mirror more. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. During the Thanksgiving 99 there, a couple months ago, my wife bought five tickets. The best five is the eligible. That's too much to watch. That was such a 234. Well, my friend bought some a couple weeks later was the best week available then. We're section 243, which is right by first base. I just don't see how that's really a. That doesn't just doesn't seem fair that when you support the team, you go to that fan scam. Yeah. And you know, then weeks later, I've got five tickets, my friend, about 19 tickets. 1943. Yeah. You're not only paying about a full on his money. I guess that's I guess I'm the fool. Yeah, evidently. Because like the tickets I got in section 234, that's the right field quarter. Mm-hmm. And then. I'll take a look at that. But there's a lot of money to save down the tickets. So you can buy some good binoculars. Good luck, sir. And I'm not, I don't care. You know, I don't want to sound indifferent, but I am. I'm interested in the Marlins in the baseball games and people have feel compelled to go there. And for whatever reason, okay, get a life. Get a life. Spend the money on something worthwhile. One call after the board. And then I guess that's going to be it. So we've stepped up to a frenzy about what I just got through talking about, like maybe saving our lives. And they're all care about that stuff. boring. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Real quick, what I do when I go through the toll is I get stuck without a, without a, without a, without a, a dollar bill or something. There's I go through the change booth and then I just tell a lady, look, give me four dollars and quarters. So then I have my car back with the quarters and then I don't have to go through the, you know, give you four dollars and quarters. What do you think they're running your first national bank over there at the, five bucks. I get a five bucks and I think I have the rest in quarters. And she says fine. And then I'm like, sorry. Sure. And she must be the same one that gives me like five nickels when I go through because she grew all a quarters. And I got, then I got a bunch of quarters. And then the next time I can go through, you know, the lane with, with no people, if it'd be real quick, the last yesterday was the daylight saving sign and I, I was all out of whack and I couldn't follow sleep. I couldn't find any more control to my TV to like put something on to see if I follow sleep. In my radio, I hit my radio. I came a radio on it with I'm five sixty. Yeah, and it was a summer hockey show which I've been American. When I did. But I think I was a, I want to sleep. There you go. There you go. Okay. I'll pass it along. Thank you. Well, how come these phones are sounds so bad today? I guess because of the change in time. Five, six, seven, 5, 60 time. I'm not a 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Now, to one call again on the board here today, why don't you do the rest of the show? You had a lot of calls Friday. I don't feel long. I don't care. I don't need it. I felt great to start doing the show today, and I'll look at this again. You do the show. I'll just sit here and read my book. I'll read the echo. And then, and then, and then, and then. I'm serious. I'm trying to say people's lives out here. I'm trying to do a big expose day on stuff that they just don't care about, because they're brainwashed as always, but the guy damn, that people are the white coats on. Those people ought to be taken away by people with white coats, most of them. They ought to be putting straight jackets. Every time I hear about that high suicide rate among doctors, now I'm beginning to understand the reason why. I mean, how do you look yourself in the mirror when you know you're over-medicating, and you're like in partnership with all these guys and pharmaceutical companies, for peddling all these prescription drugs with these unbelievable side effects? And if you don't believe me, I'm begging you. I'll do people out there who take prescription drugs who's doctors, you got your hooked on this stuff. Go to the books, there are going to bars and nobles. Go to borders, go to your books, and maybe go to your neighborhood bookstore. And you don't have to buy the big. There's all different kinds of little paperback books, big paperback books, and there's all different kinds of little paperback books. A particularly side effect of prescription drugs, the pill book, all these different ones. And just start reading about the side effects, and maybe you're lucky, maybe you didn't ever have any of them. You're not going to have any of them. But for people like me that if it all these things going on, you start saying, you're so, ah, I wonder if it could be from this and from that. Come to find out, of course, it can. Oh yeah, but the doctors said, great. Here's a mobile info lawyer, Dale. Hello. Hey, Dale. Yes, sir. I remember most people consider the doctor as a god. That's right. That's right. It's a uniform. He wears the white coat, and he pretends he knows something. You know, they wake there at how and a half in the waiting room. It comes in for 10 minutes, and they say whatever the alley wants on the pay. Right. The kiss is that. I'm going to let me say it again. Doctors who are busy writing lots and lots of prescriptions into our pill posters, those doctors ought to be put away. Absolutely. Also, I want to told my wife's one of these people. She's a professional girl. I'll make about a hundred grand a year. By the $50,000 a.m. She pulls up. She's looking for the money. She's got her bottle water. I'm going to stick. Unbelievable. Completely. You know what? It is a different personality. She doesn't give a crap. That's what it is. Doesn't give a crap. She doesn't give a crap. What you're saying is she's an inconsiderate bitch. Absolutely. It's my wife. I love her. At least if you listen to your ass. I consider it. They're okay. Thank you sir. God bless you. There's an honest guy. He loves her. But she's an inconsiderate bitch. And she's also an asshole. He says, how do you like that? Nice. Yeah. They start from them to their purse. They're looking. They're looking for a penny. They've got a few bobby pins. What about they got in there? But you're crap. Nice. I'd like to get home sometime before midnight. Sweetheart. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Okay sir. Hey. You seem to be a little upset about all the doctors down there. A little bit upset. Yeah. Just a little. Yeah. It's only our lives that they're playing with. I mean, why get upset about that. Well, I'm going to take the other side of the fence here. I'm not going to say that all doctors do the right thing. But a lot of these drugs that come out are, you know, the money that goes into the research. And yeah, they're going to have some side effects. But that's, you know, that should be explained to you by the doctor. And when the last time the doctor ever explained to you side effects of the drug. Or, or, or let me ask you this, when the last time since you give you a prescription, you go to the pharmacy and they give you a little bottle. You don't even get the package insert. Okay. That comes with the, with the real package that they have in the pharmacy. You don't even get that. Yeah. You should, I mean, tell everyone ask for a package insert because that explains everything. And then when the pharmacy gives you the thing, on the bag, if you don't, if you don't, sure what I would the bag, there's a thing on there. And, you know, in, in a little tiny print, and maybe if you're lucky, you might remember to read that for most people don't. Yeah. Well, it tells you exactly what's wrong and what's not wrong. But, uh, I mean, you really, it's not as bad as it seems. And it does cost a lot. You're wrong. You're wrong. It's a lot worse than it seems. They're killing people with prescription drugs every day. And when you say it's not as bad as it seems, it's a million times worse than it seems. Uh, I have to disagree. I mean, you can't disagree. You can't disagree. There's a, they, they, they, they massive body of evidence. I didn't just come on here today. They decide to pick a fight with doctors or prescription drugs. I mean, there's a massive body of evidence to prove it. Well, I know, I know there's a problem because I say about 20% of the doctors are doing the right. I know, we know where we get that number from. Personal experience. I'm actually a pharmaceutical rep. Yeah. Uh, I post on on your mind. Here's a guy that's totally unbiased. He's peddling this crap. He's a pharmaceutical rep. Let me tell you, sir. Any doctor that would prescribe hydrochlorophytes to somebody who's diabetic and takes a worldwide bed of medication and is also tried to lose weight. That doctor has no conscience as far as I'm concerned. You're absolutely right. That is wrong. Thank you. 26, sir. And by the way, let me say it again. It wasn't Dr. Mark and thank God for Dr. Doodle who'd rather do a little and give you a whole bunch of drugs and kill you with him. Thank God for you, Dr. Mark. God. So this guy wasn't, he didn't have any acid. Right. He's only a pill pedler. He's only a part of the conspiracy. Oh, it's over. Blown. Yeah, blow this. Wake up. With the first team. Joe Rogan. Jeff. The part of the team. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. the face. Okay, it's 1131 at 560 WCM. As I'm sitting here in between the breaks in between all those distorted commercials here and I'm reading more and more about both of these books that I'm reading right now and just it makes your blood boil and this guy that just called a minute ago. Oh yeah, well he's he's very very objective. He's only a pill pedler. He's the guy that goes in there and says, hey Doc, if he's selling off of this crap, we got trips to Hawaii, we got all kinds of merchandise, whatever you want. Okay, just keep writing the prescriptions. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Daniel, how are you? Okay, sure. I'm not even 40 years old yet and my cholesterol for the last year and a half has been over 300 and I've been on Paxle. I'm sorry, provacol. Right. And he, my doctor turned around and told me, well, that doesn't seem to be working now. This was just last week and now it's supposed to take us something called lipotor or lipotrol. You ever hear that? Yeah. Is that just as bad? Yeah, I was going, don't, I mean, I'm what a winnow is it just as bad. I said before, I'm not a doctor. I'm not an expert. I'm not sitting here sitting myself up. I'm going to give you, you know, the side effects of every drug. You got to go out there and buy one of those little PDRs and find out. I don't know. Well, on top of that, he told me that I'm also now borderline diabetic and he also gave me something called Paxle because he said that what is my, that's something that's supposed to be like an anti-depressant because I was my, I was getting an over-rand bunkest and my temper was getting bad and everything else. Yeah. I think he's turning me into a friggin' skickipapac. It's not to me like he's turning you into a cauldron drug cauldron. Have you have you died of a doubt? Are you overweight? No, I'm not. You're not overweight. No. I'm 5'8", not about 178. And you're not overweight, 5'8", 1'7", but I'm 40'8", but I'm 40'8", but I'm pretty big on top. I play a lot of baseball. You weigh 150 pounds if you're 5'8". Really? Yes. I mean, 5'8", I'm 5'9", and I'm supposed to weigh 150 pounds. I mean, I don't have a belly or anything like that. I'm big bones. Yeah. I play a lot of rack-a-ball, a lot of baseball. You have a big bone? I used to be a wrestler too, so that's why I wanted to do that. Well, I would find another doctor. I just might want to pin you. No, I'm not going to give you any ideas about drugs, so that I don't know from them. But I would find another doctor. Okay. Because if you're just going to keep taking more and more drugs in the course, then you can draw people that take a whole bunch of drugs. There are interactions between the drugs, which some of your doctors don't bother telling you about, and you have more problems. All right, but sort of things like it. He doesn't tell me, do anything all they could win there like they say. Wait there for now and a half and you got 10 minutes to go buy and you don't have to lose weight. Sometimes changing your diet can help the cholesterol problem. Yeah. If I did, doctor, it's not a pill doctor. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Good luck. 5'6", 705", 60, pound 5'6", why is it that every time we ask people, are you overweight? And then they give us a height and a weight that's just totally, I mean, doesn't make any sense to me. And I guess unless you're like, like fat boy or like the booster, you don't figure over weight. Maybe that's why so many people come up with, oh, you're not fat. You're always talking, I'm not fat. I'm a cow. I'm still 40 pounds overweight, 45 pounds of and based on a way the scale is going, I want to shoot somebody. And I'm reading all of these books and guess what and he'll, here's why you can't lose any weight. You could do the atkins perfect every day for the rest of your life and you're still going to be a fat cow because these doctors have beyond all these damn drugs that are screwing up your metabolism. Thank you, doctors. And by the way, let me say this to you. Okay. And those some people, I don't want to mention no name is rumor, but some people are very impressed. Okay. Because as well, certain institutions, they're the doctors, the athletes, and they're the doctors to this team. And it'll something blow it out to your ass with that stuff. Okay. I'm not impressed. And as I look at the general physical care of certain teams in this town, I'd mention anyone in particular, I have to continue wondering about all that. What that would mean? The only way I can judge the doctors if I go to them and in fact even more than once, like three or four times has I've done. And if that particular doctor is prescribed me all kinds of pills and I'm starting to have interactions in all kinds of problems, you know, I want to take the sob a problem, if another thing to make problems, is that the more they're me for? When you got your blood sugar right, a pretty good control, a doctor puts you on a drug that he knows is going to make your blood sugar go up. It does all your body all adjust to it. And your body doesn't adjust to it, because he's given you too high of a dosage, you've got to back to that's a problem doctor for you. So maybe you're impressed, Rimmer. Maybe some of the other people are impressed with all these big hotsy, hotsy institutions. Let them take care of Pavelle Burais knee and let me worry about my health. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. In regards to the book on drugs, my wife and I use this prescription drug digest book and it gives you all the side effects, dosages and it also even goes down to as far as shows the shape of the pill, the color of the pill and everything because sometimes drug is still these things and give you the wrong medicine. So it's one way you can go home and check and make sure that you've got to correct the pill that you're supposed to have. Right. But that religiously, when we go to the doctor and get a new prescription, the first thing the white does before we go to get it filled is check the book and see what we're taking for other things and is this going to be a side effect, it's going to bother us in cause of problems. A lot of these doctors because again, they got the white coat on and therefore you're kind of like you're the little quizzling. You know, you're the patient, they got the coat on, they're the ones that are charging you money for their advice. They got the education, they got the big degree up there on the wall and so therefore they talk to you some of them in a very condescending way as if their word is the bottom line and just don't question and go ahead and pop the pills and come back and see them three months later if you're still alive. Yes, if they tell you and start taking this and you ask them, well, is that all right to take with what I'm taking? They look at you like, what the hell's my whole two? I told you to take it, take it. You know, I don't know. Okay, thank you very much. Oh, she's here. I don't know either. I'm just looking at the fact that I'm getting from the doctor mark. Now leave it to them to get involved in this. What is this? Can you make out heads or tails of what this is? Of course not. I noticed that in Dr. Mark Sting that he gives all of his patients it says, a pain product package inserts from the pharmacist with every new prescription. So I'll write in here. And the set of and so on. It says, we practice minimalism. That's the way I like it, Dr. Mark. Like I said, minimalism. Not a whole bunch of pills. Not turning your intestines into a cold rinse with all these different things interacting and calling all causing all kinds of problems. Like I haven't. I'm off of the blind ace. I'm off of the private call. I'm off of the, as of today, hydrochlorophyteside. And I check my own blood pressure in my own blood sugar. And I'll be glad to end up with a little some doctor. Kill me with drugs. And when I read this stuff about private call, how do you like that? This doctor, I'm a colleague who, by the way, is a highly respected. In fact, he was a highly regarded physician at Harvard and Mass General until his controversial theories on heart disease, cost him his research research, funding and job. And long last, it says his theories are now widely accepted by the medical and scientific community on home, all assisting, if I can say that. And the stuff that he writes about the statin drugs, low statin and private core and private call is just that to me, mind boggling. I kiss the ground that just by accident, I found this book. Kiss the ground, kiss the book. There you go. Kiss it again. Jars keep popping up on this pill, if you're going to live maybe only five to ten years and your blood, your cholesterol is 300 or higher, if you're like on Death's Door and maybe you're going to be around for your long and anyhow. Maybe that those are the people ought to be taken to these says. I'm dying out of the way. Robin Williams is had Janums, the doctor who uses humor as medicine. What's the news? On our little boy? Well, Mr. Mrs. Smith, your son has rectal colon cancer and he's going to be dead soon. Oh good, no. Hey, pull my finger, what's your? What? Stop, pull my finger, man! Come on, pull it. Okay. Okay. Whoa. How many medicine? Nanonano. I had Janums, the doctor was last. You've got AIDS. It's 144 at 5.50. WCM, we got the Hank from the estate. We're getting a big build up out here. They've got big mullins extravagant. Anybody excited about that? Huh? No. Mollins baseball mullins is a much opening day. Pregame 330, Game Time 4 clock. Panthers and a Washington camp. Well, I bet you have a big crowd there tonight for that one. 739 from the macarina. Here's a North Miami. Hello. A new how you do? Okay, sir. I've had problems with my triglyceride levels for a few years. Not cholesterol, triglyceride. A lot of people, including both of these books, the heart revolution, doctor, Dr. McCullee says that high triglycerides is a much greater indication of potential heart problems than cholesterol. Yes, what he says. Absolutely. My doctor said that too, but my doctor prescribed the protocol and described me prescribed, uh, loped. And I was taken it for a couple of months and then I started getting, uh, right up a right intestinal pain. Right there you go. That's what I just got over with. I mean brutal excruciating. I thought there was something wrong with something you might have. I thought my liver was rotting. I thought I was like doing a Mickey mantle. I thought my then I don't even drink. Oh, well, I was going to get it. I never had to contract a boot. So I thought I was going to die. You know, so you just not take it. I stopped taking it and the pain subsided. I went on a diet. I went on a diet. How do you like that? Yeah. I went on a diet. I reduced my triglycerides, you know, like foods like donuts and chocolate and stuff like that. My triglyceride level went down dramatically from what to what? Well, I was over 400 and it was down. Yeah, over 400. And then it went down to under 200. And I did it on my own. Yeah. And I feel much better. And I don't need the medication that just stopped the donuts and the chocolate. Well, that's stuff that's going to tell you right now. The adkins diet is the greatest miracle worker for getting your triglycerides under 100 that I've ever seen in my life. You know, I don't follow the adkins diet, but does it, does it, what, one of the things that I believe it is in fiber does it, does that doctor act as prescribed a high fiber diet? No, absolutely not. Well, then how do you, uh, sodium? Oh, sodium. Oh, sodium. Consol, sodium. No, it's natural. No, seriously, it'll make you regularly and the law because it is a constipating diet, but if you take the sodium here, we didn't know a problem. I see. I wanted to ask you a question because, you know, your blood sugar is low, your blood pressure is good, you feel good about it. Right. And you said that your your weight is going trickling down. Right. Uh, because I'm because I've been taking medications that are forcing it to make it impossible for me to lose weight. But do you take any kind of active, uh, yes, I've been getting on the treadmill. I've been getting on the, um, exercise bike every day to less than days. Oh, okay. Well, I send it because I wanted to, to, to suggest that maybe it's because you've been very sedimentary lifestyle. I'm sedimentary life. Well, I'm trying to get the sediment out of it. Good luck, pal. All right. You'll keep it up. Okay. Too much sediment. I'll do it every time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get healthy here. Okay. Scroll the goddamn piled doctors. Yeah. How do you like that? He had the same damn thing. Like right up in here. Remember all last week. I kept like a squid knit and holding it and my, uh, uh, uh, uh, intestines too. My case keys. Thought it might be your appendix for. Well, they've been, no, that was way down here, which could have been my appendix or my, whatever was. That thought it was like a liver thing. Don't you remember even when Dr. Mark was here, cervical and also hydrochlorosize that I'm going to tell you hydrochlorosize that if you're taking it right now, good luck to you. It's an old drug at the diuretic and diuretics are not for diabetic. That's what I believe. And I'd be no doctor in the expert just based on all the stuff I've read by people who are experts and know something other than just the right to prescription for a bunch of stupid pills. It makes my blood boil. It makes me pissed off, fired up, angry, psychotic, that anybody would write me a prescription for something like that that I shouldn't be taken, especially in that kind of dosage. What are your brings today? I think good. Those pens you wanted. Oh, thank you, Joe. Joe, we're solely from Rothoff's supply. There is the salt of the earth for you. And by the way, when you walk by on the other end, you'll see Dustilon have his new desk in there, which offer to buy him that new desk. He's still low-haired desk in there, okay? Because Greg read it order from Taiwan or somewhere. And there's little images over there still busy putting a screw in the legs on it. Or just screw in something, maybe each other. Yeah, Dustilon's he still sitting at that little, uh, not even a size of a card table. We could get a couple old-farts from cemetery religion there. And it couldn't play a good game of bridge on it. That's how small his card table is in there. His desk. Of course, being the pussy that he is, he's not going to say anything. God is he a worse. He really is. And I know we just took a vote in the building. And even Joe Resolue, who don't even work here, he held his hand up. When we said, who's the biggest pussy in his place? It was all contest. It was Bluff Lindsay. And I'm not bluffing. I thought that Jeldi knew that before Jeldi even gets the transplant. I mean, he's weighed down the line compared to Bluff. Bluff needs a transplant. He needs a gonad transplant, a medium from that sooner. Christ. Grow it. Now, I don't want to say you're all pair. Grow one. At least start out as a ridgling with one descended testicle before we grow a pair. Man, if he said him in a corner like Tom Summ, was a summer like this, staring at the wall. A program director with this summit is put. He's sitting there staring at the wall. Okay, Greg. Okay, Greg. What do you say, Greg? Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. Christ. Pouch up a little bit. Cross brings. Hello. Cross brings. Going once. I don't understand these. The people today, they wait a long time. And then they just to crap out. That maybe he's taken too many drugs. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm the protocol. Fabarco was taking a zo-core, which was prescribed by the doctor. And she was going to find a lot of cholesterol. Yes. Then with the last prescription, I had a send out of town to a place called Caremark. In fact, I have a local place here. Perhaps send out of town. And they sent a letter to me, a copy of a letter. Same, they're going to replace the zo-core with protocol, which my daughter, my wife's doctor, agreed to. Now we got the protocol in mail. I took it. And like you said, she got an intestinal pain. How do you like that? I'll see you. And I'm not the owner of the doctor. He said, Doc, you know, bed. She wrote on it. He must have zo-core. We sent the prescription out again. And sure not, we got the zo-core. And I've had no bed reaction, but the protocol, you're right. This way I had a call. Very bad reaction. She'll take it so far from the list two years. No problem. This company, they want to get something which is more economical for them. Yeah. They're really good. They're really good. They're really good. They're really good. They get a mark up of any product in the world as prescription drugs. Stuff that caused them a fraction of a penny of pill. And their charters are bucking a buck in a hand. Right. 95, what a number. I run to the store. Yeah. Right. Right. I want to tell you, you know, try to locate in the four-loaded they'll directory, phone directory, and they have a number which is wrong. They rings and they're trying to locate one. For WQAM. You know, we can't afford a list of three street to dress. We can't afford a list anymore. We're going to shut them up. Good luck. Okay. Good luck. 560, 505, 60, Pont5, 60 on the AT&T, Wilders. Maybe some of the Viadra for our program director to butcher them up a little bit. Maybe that's what we could use. Here's Margade. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to run up this topic because I'm sick and tired of being killed. My doctors who over prescribed my pill doctors. Most of my life I've been uh, but you're my pill doctors. Exactly. Now in the mid 70s I found that the hard way to have a lot of psychiatry is we're over medicating their patients. And uh, in this case it was a phoresine which had very bad side of the right. Absolutely correct sir. So what happened in other words is that you've got to, you've got to treat it to doctor like he's your full partner. You've got to make him explain everything to you in the final analysis. It's your decision. What's people don't do that? And let me say it again. When you have a doctor and you walk in and you're sitting waiting the outer office and then you walk in and again and then the nurse takes your blood pressure and he honors you by making a cameo appearance and comes in and gives you a look at about 25 words and a licciness mirror. I write the prescription and walks out the door and shakes your hand and says good luck you'll need it. I mean that's not my idea of going to a doctor. And another thing that's not what I'm paying for. You know, another thing. Uh, when it comes to what you're talking about like, with traenzynes, you know, I was taking traenzynes uh, the um, the um, the um, the um, the um, the um, the um, the drug people. They cornered the market on traenzynes and they raised it in astronomical amounts. Yeah. So I had to go to another bill. Uh, they don't give it to him about us and uh, um, it's uh, something that's, get off the drug sir. That's my best advice to everybody in America. I'm not saying stop taking a drug, talk to a real doctor, but get off of those drugs. Do something to get off of those drugs. Most people can get off of most of the crap that they're taking. People that have high blood pressure and diabetes because of their weight. Most of us can get off of those goddamn drugs. Do it. Hydrochlorophyteside my big fat diabetic ass. That's what I have to say to that. I mean, just unbelievable. I mean, it looks at you like you're some kind of like a learning like you're some kind of a civil and of course we are because they're the experts. They're the ones that went to uh, while these fancy, fancy medical school and got those big diplomas and degrees up there on a wall. So it makes them so much smarter than we are. Not. 567 and by the way, Dr. Mark, stop wasting all my goddamn facts paper. What are your great guys? You're a minimalist. You're a hell of a good guy. Thank God for you. But stop wasting. I know you don't have to sell me. I'm already sold. Okay. He's facts in me. In fact, in the facts, I mean, first rated, uh, you know, radio guy. Just to stop wasting our paper, how many trees do they have to chop down to make way for you this morning? Here's a mobile and four lottery. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just was put on high blood pressure medicine because I'm 75 pounds overweight. And uh, well, it's this acting thing. I mentioned it to my doctor. The first thing he says is, oh, no, you can't be eating all that fat. Oh, Jesus, create your doctor needs a psychiatrist. Uh, uh, your doctor needs mental health. Now, the six weeks I've been trying to pill caudera, I've been walking a little bit on the side of the bed, but I was trying to pill for what? What, what's that? Trying to pill for what? What does it do? Uh, well, the caudera was supposed to lower my, uh, high blood pressure. Which is did a little bit. Yeah. But I've been walking a little bit to lose weight. So when eight weeks I've lost six pounds, I mean, how could be a bit away? Yeah. Your doctor won't, uh, he won't go along with the actions and fight a doctor who will. I got you. Okay. I, yeah. I can talk to the son of your horse. You're not going to do it. I mean, any doctor that says to you, eating all of that fat, obviously does not understand that dietary fat doesn't make you fat. There's nothing wrong with dietary fat. And your doctor's a group of he's a he's living in the past in the Stone Age. Well, I just picked up the book just now. Yeah. Because I have I just got my information from here. I'm in the process of reading it today. And we talk to we talking, Dr. Eckens, new direct revolution. Yes. Yes. That's the one. Read, go immediately. I mean, you go back and read the whole thing, but go immediately to the part of the book where he talks about that about dietary fat. Okay. Okay. Now, you know, and the funny thing with the high blood pressure is it's like, well, if you call you're parents, I'd say, well, we'll call it that's that high blood pressure. We don't know where it's from, but you got to take these bills. And I'm kind of like, they got to be a better way, which of course, I'm going to remind you of reading the Ankins book. He says, one of the most important things that they do is getting most of his patients off all their blood pressure medication. I'm going to do that. Okay. One last thing, there was a report on date wine about the pharmaceutical companies advertising that drugs on TV and stuff. 65% of the doctors are opposed to it because they feel that it gives, they say, well, the people come in and ask for a particular drug without knowing about it. Right. And now, it might be true, but I think what they're afraid of is it's a two-fold thing. There's people come in and they don't have the knowledge of all the side effects or other things that the drugs can do. On the other hand, the boxes really want educated patients. Of course not. They want sheep. Yes. That's it. Okay. Find yourself a good doctor in the read the book. Thanks a lot, Neil. We're lucky. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the animal. What are you going to get back on this Ankins thing? Yeah. Yes. And I'm going to stop taking all this crap that's interfering with my ability to, like, you know, extend my life, maybe more than five more minutes. Isn't that interesting? Already, we've had a couple of people called just on a practical. Oh, the abdominal thing and the intestinal and the bloating and the cramps and the abdominal, right? What a surprise. Just a coincidence, huh? I can't see who we're out the moon, mine. Oh, I think the damage right? Oh, me, two-touch my body. Oh, one-touch their on the body. It just gives me a clue. So what kind of a tricep? And find myself a hideaway and I know one good hideaway and the tricep too. Oh, I find my plate boys and between the ocean. But the doubt won't write down all the thought. Oh, I'm put my risk action in that slow motion and I pray that no one acts accidentally or with some pejor. Because it got a Mr. Baita. Towards court? I got a Mr. Baita. Yeah, I got a Mr. Baita. Baita Baita. I got a Mr. Baita. All right. Probably one at five, 60 WKOM. I got something man. We just got an email. This is the best. From Merchard Helper in St. Cloud. No, St. Cloud Florida. What a horrible place to end it. And it's a CD called Pull My Finger. 99 tracks of flat, flat-cellent sound effects, including two revolting party games that you can play in your home stereo. Yeah, so far like the James Brown stains. And the cheese dog, that's not too bad. Yeah, 99 of these. How do you like that? Oh, that's beautiful. Kind of adding to our repertoire. Yeah, he's not going to get an old and stale. So to speak. Goose gas. Number two with the bull. All right. Just what we needed to spice it up a little bit. And it's otherwise boring. Oh, I think that was live from the back room there. Here's a mobile and west palm beat. Hello. Mobile in West Palm. Another one. 27 minutes, 25 seconds long gone history. And you know, these are not the chop and off either. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Please, if you use our phone and confidence here. In fact, we're back to a situation we were way back in the beginning. 15 months ago. They don't disconnect. Nice going guys. Excellent job, Bellsau. Here's a pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know if anybody else is talking about the protocol. I mean, so far as what I had, I didn't get the pain that you had. I got the real bad joint eight. Join. Yeah, right. I mean, you know, like in my shoulders, stuff, I actually think that I had, I had our threat as it was so bad. Let me read. Let me read something you okay? It says in few fortunately rare, but in some cases, the statin drugs, which includes protocol are responsible for devastating damage to muscles causing severe weakness throughout the body. That's what I had. That's time for me here. I couldn't even pick up my work at an oil company. I couldn't even pick up a case of oil anymore. Yeah. That's how bad it was. I couldn't sleep. And I finally, my wife just by dumb accident, read the paper, you know, with what it could be. Oh, yeah. I got off of that quicker news and crap. And what happened? And I feel like a new man. How do you like that? But, and you try to claw or does the same thing. Try to claw or does the same thing. How high is your cholesterol? Well, it's bad. Yeah. It goes up and it varies from three, six to three, eight. I mean, three, nine, you almost 400. But I've been watching my diet. I'm trying not to know. I will not go back on that protocol. That had me so full of pain. I used it almost was ready to cry. And I can't remember. When you get those kind of side effects of prescription drug, what it means is that your body is allergic to it. You can't, I mean, it's not going to go away. It's not like, well, I'll try it a little longer. Maybe I'll adjust it with no way. I mean, you start getting those bad side effects. So you got to get off it like you did. Well, people, they have to read the side effects. They have to learn to read what these things can do to you. When you get up from the, from the drugs or and don't be afraid to ask your pharmacist, what, what can happen? Right. I pay for the, the hard way and, and I learned because I went through a lot of excruciating pain, believe me, and it was painful. Okay. Good luck, Brown. Yep. Thanks. Bye. How do you like that? And even if you're too cheap to go and spend 10 bucks or whatever cost for one of those thick paperbacks in your bookstore, that's that all the prescription drugs, the guy, the prescription drugs. If you're too cheap, just go in there. Then don't care. All these books there is now borders, bars, and over they got the chairs. You can sit around, lounge, and write down some notes. I mean, how many drugs can you be taken anyway? Just look them up. And you'll say, oh, yeah, maybe there you go. That's what I've been having. Doesn't mean that everybody who takes those drugs is going to get out, going to get any of those things. They're certainly not all of those things, but maybe like all these people that we're hearing from today. Part of these things. That's right. You know, the days have just trusting the old trusted doctor with a white coat on those days. You got to go down the toilet. You got to start educating yourself and stop killing yourself. All these drugs so that the Pfizer stock can go up any lie. Lily can go up and all these other big stock, these pharmaceuticals. See, this is the thing with when you're living a society that is so dollar driven in a world that is so money driven. They don't give a crap about your health. They're about me or about anybody else. All they care about is penaling crap. Oh, yeah, and then all of a sudden they find out down the road. Well, I guess what, that wasn't so good after all. What was the one the Eli Lily drug that was, uh, all the, they had all those birthday effects, uh, the little bit of my, and now by the way, oh, yeah, when you know something, maybe wasn't so bad after all, let's bring it back for an on court. Yeah, I think on court is going to be making dinner from it in the Afrozen Food Department. It's a little bit of mine. So what if you made me does have six heads and 28 toes, big deal, a little complain, you know, could be worse. Here's poppin' a hello. Hey, Uncle Neil, what's the deal? Hey, don't you? Good. We get away from medical trauma. Anything you want to hear? Anything you like? I have to get credit with, yeah, I have to get credit. We're credit is doing. I give all my credit to you for two things. I went to freeport this weekend. Yes. Okay. And just like you always said, Marmy, when I went over there for a long time, how to go over there for a little bit of fun, but never again. And you'd always said you would never go to the Bahamas. I went through the casino and broke even through that table, but just didn't, the people that were there and the employees and stuff, uh, nothing. Yeah, I'm on. But now here, here's something that you probably know. How much is a good place for a suckers? Well, you know, we cost me 50 bucks to get over there and 20 bucks to get back and I was happy. Here's something that you missed in yesterday's, uh, hell. It was on page 16, the sports section, the section that sports round up, where they got a little bit about, you know, who signs where or all these other things. FBI investigating a claim of hitting camera videotape, showing college rest words, undressing, showering, and unclosed in weight in areas at needs, including a national tournament at North Western report about Chicago Tribune. It was just from the tapes, or included in the hidden camera pornographic material that is being marketed via the internet and by mail according to the newspaper. And to get to love you more on. Well, you were going out about the rest words. Yeah, somebody asked me that, but the copy of the facts was so bad. I couldn't read it. That must have been what it was. Yeah, it's something about wrestling with Europe thing. Those familiar with the tapes, including officials at Northwestern and 10 believe the tapes were made using camera can see old cameras concealed inside Jim bags. The FBI is consulting with the US attorneys office. I was at a tapes can form the basis of a prosecution under laws covering privacy, e-sdropping, and the interstate distribution of pornography. So that was the idea to be just so odd. I didn't fact it over till I just didn't know if you would hurt about it or not. Thanks for the good news. God bless, God sorry. Okay. Okay. How do you like that, huh? All these wrestlers out there. I didn't say all wrestlers were, uh, I just said most of them are, that's wrong with that. You fill in the blank. Whatever makes you happy. Whatever makes you feel better about yourself. You're all a bunch of, there you go. Well, you know what you mean? Yeah, how you all I said was that you're, yeah. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Prescription, drugs and the people that they're killing doctors and all this stuff that they're writing. It's still a bigger scan going on in America today, biggest scam. And the fact that we had a guy called in here to try to defend it was a pill peddler who's a pill pusher, shame on user. I know we all gotta make a living. Okay. I hope you make a lot of money. You can be tear it in early age and stop killing the rest of us with all these pills you're pushing. My favorite of all the side effects you're reading those PDRs and all those books. Sudden death. That's my favorite one, you know. Fredum and Sachi. See you. They're not. I watched a wrestling match with big food men, with sweaty cracks. They would try to grab each others as wearing nothing more than the tiny cheese crackling. But when they ran the belt and the match was over, I couldn't help but notice. I had a big bow now. I want to be a wrestler. I'm so old and have a dance scratch wrapped around my mouth. I want a PDR and Lure. Pressure. Pressure. I feel this is pushing inside and out. I ride the wildest kitchen's a little guy. Stick to my hand between another man's life. Oh man, I pull my hands away. I get to sell my fingers. You know that other than sometimes you drink. You don't need to have much above brain. As well as in the shower after you work out. You don't mind. Lating someone's balls in your mouth. I know that white flea can see that sea. I have two belly. That's why they like to rub that KY on their belly. I want to be a wrestler. And you're changing more runs just like you. I want to be a wrestler. And maybe run four governor too. As long as there's a track across, I don't mind the lay down. Rub it easy, this is a very locked with some clumsy quail. Oh, I'm so happy. All right. Toad stool. Oh, God. Well, we only got 99 of these. Let's kill a few hours with them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile. We had any calls about the Marlin today. Oh, good. About the Panther. Oh, good. Let's send the better. We got both games over here on Jocce Rapp radio. Any interest at all? No. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm so glad that you got on this prescription drug and keep on it and don't let up because what happened to me just fits in perfectly with what you said. Right. I was like 200 to 205 for many years and I got careless and I'd bloomed up to 2023. The fatter you get the unless you want to exercise and get back on that. So I go to the back there. Clustrel's 273 to triglyst with 339. So what's his answer? He says, get the prescription pad out. We're going to give you medication to lower this. That's all he says. Doesn't get me an alternative. I had to say it and he's who's getting ready to write. I said is there an alternative. I don't like to anything in my body. I don't have to. He says, yes, lose 20 pounds and get back on a good exercise. I said, that's what I want to do for get the drug. That was early in November. Now I'm down to 203. I lost the 20 pounds every night. I do the treadmill for five miles at four miles an hour. Right. I feel super. And if I'd listened to him and I had an ass, he'd do it by the pill. That's right. That's somebody these pill doctors. That's their first choice because that's what they're business is all about. And I thought I'd for him to say that, but he should have at least said now here's the other option. Right. No, he should have started with the other option. Right. First, what should always be first? Yeah. And what people don't understand like they one call or said, oh, I'm on that lowering, a cholesterol lowering and it's great. No, I'm saying the pill would have done a similar thing. Would I have lost the weight and gone on the exercise? No, the pill is doing it. And this way, but you see, they're what they're doing is they're playing to human nature. And that is you know as well as either, like when the fence and crab came out. And people were dying from it. People want a magic pill. So much easier to take a pill and you wake up tomorrow morning and you'll wait 20 pounds less. Take a pill and your blood sugar will come down. Take a pill and your blood pressure will come into. That's what people like. They don't want to do all of these other things. But the problem is very few doctors bother to take time to explain them that some of these pills and some of the interactions that these pills have got devastating maybe even fatal side effects, maybe not right away, but maybe over a period of time or maybe even right away. I want to ask you one quick question on the hyper chlorophytes. Yes, I have it. I wish I never would have heard about that drug. Well, see, I now maybe I'm not taking enough to harm me. I hope not. I take the best role with the Hydechlorophytes. I 12 and a half milligrams of that. Well, that's the minimum dose. And they call it bestoretic. Now it did take my blood. I'm 120 over 70 every time I go in now. So I'm real happy until I heard you say be careful of the hydrochlorophytes. They'd be careful if you have any problems with it. It works for you and you don't have any side effects and you don't have to worry. You're not diabetic obviously. Oh, do you have to worry about it? Oh, well, I mean, working for you. I mean, you'll know your body will tell you if you haven't problems like you did with the other one. You'll know. Yeah. Well, keep up the good work and don't let up on that because this is it is a butcher. People are doing and the other thing like I say, when I was up and waiting that I would watch TV on the couch and I'd fall asleep now. I'm wearing the go on. Never tired. And when I at night I sleep like a baby. There you go. Five miles on the, but I would have never done any of that if I'd have taken the pill. Right. Okay. Keep it up. Up the good work. Thanks. 560, 5050, 5060, 2560 on the mobile one line. Oh, yeah. Here's the pill. Okay. Tomorrow you wake up. Look like Robbie mentioned. You look like Brad Pitt. You wake up tomorrow morning. It looked just like, uh, and Bishop, whatever you want to look like. That's the mentality that they're feeding to and they're appealing to. That's the magic bullet man. That's what everybody wants. Here's my me, B. Hello. Yes, sir. We were talking about the diabetes pills. Hello. Yeah, I'm listening. Okay. I was taking two diabetes pills, google files, and google trolls. Right. And then last month the doctor told me to take resuline. I ordered it from AARP, which is the cheapest that you can buy and it was $2. I'm ready. Lots of bad things about resuline, by the way. I know. I just read about it in the newspaper. $2.80 a pill. What a bargain. Yes. So between the three pills that the doctor is prescribing from me is $5.88 a day. And here they want their to put Dr. Jack and Jill for helping people die that want to die. And I mean, time these people are making us pay for it to kill us. Right. Okay. Thank you. Good luck. Yeah. You better do some reading folks. That's what I'm telling you right now. Don't trust any of them. Any of them. Don't just take their word for it. Use your brain while you're still by let's still functioning before it turns to jello. 560 5050 60 pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Got to my glad I got. And in it all you have to they had that world-fog is bookstore on the Edward Street and Toronto. I love going in there. It's humongous. It's gigantic. And no matter what category what you're looking for, we just browse them on and you start looking through some of these things and say hey wait I'm in this, this applies to everything I've been looking for. Including all the stuff about ubiquitous. Colens on 10 which I started taking and then I got the right. I thought maybe I had allergic reactions that which I did not because I've been taking now for three days. From mentally important. I mean just our amacons is a big on it. This kind of a cally is big on a co-q 10. Very expensive by the way. Probably the most expensive supplement you can buy in any store. But got is it important stuff? Yeah. Start taking natural stuff. Start the reading about what I can says about vitamins and all the supplementation and get rid of all these goddamn drugs. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you that I thank you because I went on the acting for a couple years back. I was up to about 280. I'm down to about 195-200. You left your way. And I think it will. You're welcome. And I will tell you that I started walking at hardly walk a mile and I just finished the Disney World Marathon in January. Great. Excellent. So I mean anybody could do it if I could do it. Okay. All right. Keep it up. Bye bye. See there you go. You know I'm glad I'm re-reading this because I know I'm going to ge your back on that again. Yes because it works. Okay. It works God damn it. Look at all the people have saved in this audience. And I'm re-reading it and it just ties into all these other things that I'm going through with the pills. It was all a bull crab about cholesterol and with all of these things. And I'm thinking of myself, you know when I read it the first time, like a lot of people do, I probably skipped a lot of stuff. You know I just wanted to depart about to die it. How do I do it and what do I eat and skipped all of another good stuff? Paperback now. How much is this? How much is this? How much is this? Cut. 699. 7 bucks. 7 bucks. Instead of you know giving some crack back your hundreds and hundreds of dollars so we can give you a bunch of pills that will put you in a box. 560. 560. 560. 560 on a mobile one line here's plantation. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay sir. I just want to make a call and I was on a hypertension drug and it wasn't working and he pushed me on another one so that wasn't working so I finally said the hand what's to deal. So we start selling the meat. You drink in any orange juice or glaze fruit juice. I'm saying a lot like a lot of glaze fruit juice because that doesn't make the work. Well I come across a band of pamphlets because we got something from the company for the manufacturer but it was not updated in the pamphlet. Yeah. Have you heard about what gray fruit or orange juice could have? Oh no. No. No. I did not. No. Please check this out because there's something in the gray fruit juice that's not allowed hypertension drugs to work properly. Thank you. Okay. I'll be diabetic. I can't be doing any fruit juice anyways so I wouldn't know. Maybe somebody else does. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line is called Savior Life Day here on QA. Here's a mobile in Hialia. Hello. Mobile in Hialia. Going once. Going twice. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Which I can hear the yes. Oh I don't know. This phone. This whole yeah. I'm doing okay. Yeah. Yeah. I got it. I get good one for you. How many fans are going to be out there today? More met friends of mom and friends of the game. Let me ask you. Why do you ask? Do you think I care? I know you don't care. I just want to know. Just like someone's just changing. Just like you're a fiend. I don't have it up in you because I don't care. Makes no difference to me. I don't care if 10 people show up. It's in no interest. It's not part of my life. I think mom met friends of mom. Yeah. I'll go back to New York. Okay. Just like the jackass that calls this morning. Some young punk calling up the worst team. Well I'm taking the all over business. And I'm betting on a mess. And here's the scores next week. Go back to New York. Okay. What are your meds? Go have a great life. Okay. Go back with your sports nerds. What you're with your gay sports club. Okay. And leave the rest of us alone. Orange doesn't talk about something that has to do with our lives. Not how many people do I think are going to be out there. It's a meaningless exercise in crap. Much of overpaid, self-indulgent jackasses with allegiance to nobody including you people. But you just some of you are just cut your hook. You just like an illness like an addiction. Just rape me, squeeze me, rob me, take my money. And then I can complain about what a bunch of crap it is. Like that stuff I was reading article this weekend about a Vanderholly movie field and what he just got his second divorce. I forget how many kids he had by the first wife and how many by the second wife and the four or five by everybody else's wife by one and that he's not even married to. And guess what he's a board again Christian. Oh, all right. What a joke. What an embarrassment. What do you want? Thank you, Deppra, and no thank you, so much, I know thank you, Jack and Wayne, no thank you, no, it's not, I know thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, yeah. Thank you. Well, I can mention back about this, but okay, top 31 at 560, WDQ, and we got 600 open lines all of a sudden. That's not bad, we made it to almost 12 30 in a Monday. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one on our poll question today, who's got the bigger ass, Alex Fernandez or Sid Fernandez? Here's a mobile and Westchester, hello. Mobile and Westchester, yes sir? Yes, not a mobile, but that's what it says here. I don't know what it says. All right, here's the call and not a mobile and Westchester. Okay, four years ago, I had to lose 100 pounds because I had both my knees replaced. Yes, sir. I just want to sensible that and did a lot of exercises and lost it. Here ago, I lost my wife and I came back 20 pounds and I have been unable to lose that, doing the very things that I did. And my question, I think I heard you say you took Adelaide and I have to do that with blood pressure. Could that be the problem? I have no idea. How would I know? Oh, I thought maybe you said you'd known that some of them were that you couldn't lose weight with. Well, I mean, I don't know. You'd have to look in one of those books. I don't know. We're talking to a doctor because in the Atkins book, he says that some of the cardiovascular drugs, which is what Adelaide is, obviously. I'll also interfere with your ability to lose weight. But if I did take for a long time and believed me, I wasn't losing any weight then. Well, I'm going to check it now. Check it out. Oh, wait a day out. That was up 140. All right, good luck. Yeah, that was up 140. There's another sucker's game for us all the dow. And all that stuff. The dow, by the way, is 30 stocks. See, this is the way they manipulate us. The dow is 30 stocks. If you got those 30 stocks or some of the certain ones of the text stocks on the NASDAQ, then hey, you're rolling in money, okay? Amazon.com, broadcast.com, eBay, you know the one. If you don't have those, you're screwed. And they bring all, see, you want to give me started with this stock market thing. Like I've told you before all these newsletters. And even the ones where you spent all of that money, and they're supposed to be such experts. They got this long track record. And all of a bunch of crap. If you watch CNBC, if you can stomach it all day long, and they'll have 30 different people on there. And they'll tell you 30 different things. They're all experts. The bears and the bulls and the bulls and the bears. It's going up to 18,000 to tell. It's going out of 5,000. And it's all a bunch of bulls. They don't know. And if they did, no, they wouldn't be sitting there telling us, so you're in T of that. Okay, I said a couple of weeks ago, if I just head into bank the money that I have invested in all these devalual line, and this newsletter and root cause, or it is one, it's all a bunch of bullcrab. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. Here's a pig reporting for a lot of deal, hello. All right, I just saw a bunch of people pulling over by chupers, west down by 95. My word. Look for it, it's west to the turn bike. Right before you get to the 136. Keep your eyes open. Okay, that's a good news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and cross-spring, hello. Hi, how you doing? Okay, sir. Sit for now, is that a bigger ask? Yeah. And also, I just wanted to let you know in regard to the subject of health. Body composition is much more important than almost any other measure. Myself, I'm 5, foot 11, the charts, and the patient that I should weigh about 170 pounds. I'm 232 pounds. Yes, but my body fat is 14%. Yeah. I'll take any doctor on and out, run him, out, list him, out, anything him. Yeah. However, my cholesterol had been high, and my doctor put me on this lipatore stuff. Right. I took it for one day and said, no. I felt like I had the damn flu. So you have the right to say no, doctors don't know everything as you have pointed out. Oh, how was your cholesterol? My cholesterol now? No, how was it? No, buddy, put you on the list. Oh, it was 270. Well, that's high, but it's not like life's threatening 270. No, my triglycerides, however, were over 500. Bad, real bad. Oh, no doubt, bad. But as I was saying, the composition of your body is more important than anything. And I missed earlier, you're mentioning the book by the doctor who did the pioneering research on homo-systems. Yeah, it's called the heart revolution by Dr. Kilmer McCulley. It's brand new. Heart revolution. I'm going to have to get that because I followed his research for years and years, and I've always seen to it that I give blood on a regular basis to keep my homo-system levels down. Right. Because the thing that really drove the point home to me was when I saw a chart on the heart disease, or excuse me, the heart attack rates, in premenopausal women, compared to men, and then postmenopausal women. Because women premenopausal, their heart rate, their heart attack rate is like nothing compared to men. However, once they go through menopaus, they catch up to us real quick. Yeah. And well, I'm wondering when doctors do blood test, why they just don't routinely do test for the homo-system levels in your blood? I mean, you know, his research has all been verified. It's why they accepted now, and I just don't understand why they don't test for it. Well, I think you get the nail on the head earlier, and you know, when you were talking about the drug companies, if there was a big drug company out there with a drug that lowered homo-system levels that was out there giving these doctors the trips to Hawaii and Disney World, and all that sort of crap for prescribing their drugs, you would be amazed at how quickly they would be testing for homo-system levels on a routine basis. Right. And that is something that people as consumers of health services need to do is to take control of their health care and demand that when they go in for a regular checkup as everybody should, that they not only check the level of their cholesterol and triglycerides, but the level of their homo-system and the level. Because there are people who are in as a rail meal whose cholesterol is 160, and you have triglycerides that are obscenely low, dropping dead from heart disease every day because of the damage done to their arteries, find homo-systems and other free radicals and oxidation in their bloodstream as well. Amen. So please keep up the good work on this particular subject and the other things that you talk about. Thanks, one. Take care. Okay. I'm reading again from Dr. McComb's book. It says, even commonly prescribed drugs have been found because homo-system levels to rise. One example is dilatin, which controls epileptic seizures, this drug antagonizes folic acid, and causes homo-system levels to rise slightly, potentially causing damage to arteries over a period of years. Other anti-convulsion drugs, phenobarbotone, primidone, carbohydrate, manzapine, and valve-phoric acid also caused a deficiency of folic acid, and so homo-system level goes up. And some diuretic drugs, die asides prescribed a lower blood pressure, cause homo-systems to rise. Let me say that again. Okay. Take that hydrochlorotheiside and put it right in the toilet. Okay. Next to whatever you else you find in the bowl. That message for the doctor who prescribed it for me, who was not Dr. Mark by the way, and why we're not going to see again anytime soon, like in this lifetime, if it lasts for a long. Just all of these things that I'm reading. I mean, just a whole series of reasons why I should never have been put on a drug in the first place, much less 50 milligrams, which had my blood, the pressure down to like 74 over 48, a little bit on the low side, don't you think, huh? Uh-huh. Hey, you know, go home and take it for three months and if you're still alive, I'm going to be your comeback someday. 560, 50560, 560 on the mobile one line. Clucking gum on it, I go on it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh. Huh eh Huh eh Thank you Oh, yeah. It's a hit or something that sounds like hit. Richard helping from Orrcer again. Richard helped her. Now, what if he's related to what's his name? Remember, our old sales manager from St. Cloud Florida. Wouldn't surprise me. He was always a little bit more successful. Hot air. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Before we go any further, there's a couple of pages. I want to read here from Dr. McCullee's book. If you're not interested in this, by the way, too bad, go out and check out the medspanes and the Marlin fans. Okay. Go out and sniff a jackstrap. We're talking about your life in death here. We're talking about cracked doctors and cracked pill poosures. So anyway, Dr. McCullee says in the, the heading on this, the low down on stat and cholesterol lowering drugs. He says we've all seen the edge of newspapers and on TV or perhaps you or someone you know is taking cholesterol lowering drugs. These drugs would seem to be the perfect way to prevent her cure heart disease. Assuming it was caused only by high cholesterol. Within the past few years, these stat and drugs, lovestatin, parabonstatin, Simon, Sim Vitastatin, and Fluevastatin. What that sounds like, when I just played, have become enormously popular. They work by decreasing the production of cholesterol by the liver. But again, I want to make a clear reason that cholesterol is not the primary cause of heart disease. It only exacerbates the situation. Once the damage has been done by a homo-system. Low and cholesterol can help if you already have heart disease. But because these drugs lower LDL, they do tend to decrease the risk of heart disease for those in high risk groups. LDL, L carries homo-systemed artery walls where plaques are produced. In low ring LDL, I'm keeping homo-systeming way from arteries. Staten drugs can't prevent an Albany bad situation getting any worse. But there are some very serious major complications associated with these drugs that you'll never hear about in the ads or read in the fine print. First of all, they decreased the production of ubiquinong, which is Coenzyme Q10, coq10, which can weaken the heart muscle and make it more likely to fail. Within the past decade, the use of stat and drugs is greatly increased, while the deaths from heart disease and heart attack have declined. The incidence of death from heart failure has increased in the past 15 years. We're not sure if the increase in these drugs is directly related to the increase in deaths in the heart failure, but this certainly warrants more scrutiny. Coenzyme Q10 made in the body derived from meats and nuts and available in supplement-formative health foods, doors should definitely be taken by anyone on stat and drugs to make sure the heart is not affected in this way. Secondly, statins can cause severe side effects. Many patients taking stat and drugs have evidence of liver toxicity and gastrointestinal side effects such as bloating and diarrhea. Liver toxicity causes abnormal liver function to make cause jaundice in some extreme cases. In a few fortunately rare cases, like the guy called before, the stat and drugs are responsible for devastating damage to muscles causing severe weakness throughout the body. The most alarming news is that all the stat and drugs have been proven to cause cancer and laboratory animals. How do you like that? Alright, there is a very real risk of cancer and people using these drugs as well. For this reason, next we're recommended that the stat and I'll look again, this is so goddamn important. For this reason, experts have recommended that the stat and drugs be used only in people with a short life expectancy, 5 to 10 years. However, the proponents of stat and drugs, there are a pre-insert and pharmaceutical companies, have suggested prescribing these toxic drugs to obese children who are risk of developing heart disease in adulthood because the dangers of stat and drugs, I believe it's unacceptable to prescribe them to children. He says I recommend that these potent drugs should be used only if you have very high cholesterol levels over 300, which I've never had and reduced life expectancy because of heart disease, which I've never had yet. Isn't it easier just to eat? Maybe take a daily B6, B12, and Polic acid. He asks Dr. McColley in the book The Harbor Evolution. How do you like that? Takeers, fakers in white coats, butchers, murderers, baby. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, what's going on? Yes sir. Good morning. Good evening. What are you doing? Yeah. Hey guy, I got a, got a, a super person story and also a bit plan is an act and that is a dead thing first. Yeah, okay, great. Whatever. Go pump some more. 5 6 7 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 6 the un-mobile one line. Oh, I knew he'd be here. You were, I used up all my facts paper. I didn't ask to talk to you. He's so fast. That didn't even get a jam. No, as you want to be on your a hand bone, you want to be on. This is a good day for you to be on. By the way, when I come next week, I want the blood for my home. Why have we never done that before? Because it's a secondary risk factor and your primary risk factors are so significant to the secondary risk factor. You say the source of my blood pressure is excellent, okay? Yeah, my blood sugar right now is excellent, right? Well, you've been measuring it. My triglyceride, even in that last test, not bad, it was 103 and I carry on. You're a T and now three, four weeks later, they're even better at their under 100. There are, I'm not going to get the back to go on you, but there's, there's a five primary risk factor. You're using those big words. Yeah, I know more than three syllables. There's, there's, there's a, there's a, there's the primary risk factors are well established. So diabetes, smoking, hypertension, but the worst of all of them is the family history. The family history, set your genetic clock for heart disease for all kinds of purposes. And I'm not going to get into the debate debate about the statins, but let's just say that the straightforward rules that are accepted by the cardiologists, whether or not you believe they're biased by the pharmaceutical companies, doesn't really matter, but there are standards that are established. Have to do with LDL levels that are, they're like 130 for normal people and 100 for people who've had arterial, what we call it, arterial episodes. And you've already had a stroke. Yeah. So you really ideally want to have your LDL below 100. Right. But these are all things that take time. I mean, I mean, he's not like, I, I remember an old lady call me up and said, I always had a stroke because of you. You let my cholesterol go to 400. But you're not saying I should still be taking the private. Oh, no, no, no, I will, I will never know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And you were not the one to put me on in the first place. I know, I want, I, I, I sometimes, I'm clinching every now and then because his name and my name are in the same sentence. But I know, I haven't mentioned his name for obvious reasons. Okay, but I mean, you did clarify it wasn't me. Yes. And the reason I always already said you're the good guy. This is a good guy. Dr. Mark. This is a good doctor as opposed to some of these other. You know, I, I, I, I, I, I, this is why I didn't want to go on here. You've been, I really didn't, you've been, you've been, you've been repented for me so much today. If it's almost time to give up my name and address. If you resisted that for so long, you know, I haven't, I've never resisted that. Well, no, I mean, you're, you were smart about it. You said given the nature of my, of my audience, if I give out your name, you'll be bombarded with that. Yeah, I have already said that everybody in this audience who wants to do the, the Atkins died for example, since you do it and you're on it and you do great on it and you understand. I'm from 38 down to 34 pants. Great. And they ought to become into you if they want a doctor who really knows and believes in the Atkins, I gotta go to Dr. Mark LePorta at the Gateway Medical Center in Miami Beach. The other reason I'm calling. Do I have to know? I told you, I, I told you, I told you, well, you know, I'm serious. I mean, most of these people, like the guy you've heard some of these people call, they go to their doctor and they even mentioned the Atkins that I'm the doctor, the lamp's a mod of the office. Why are you crazy? I got all these pills you ought to be taking instead. You know, there's a, there's a phenomenon and this is, this is really why I call it. There's a phenomenon of the location of the school that you go to, the individual professor and the year that you go to medical school. And remember, there's a lot of doctors and I, I don't know the guy Cleveland Clinic, but there's a lot of doctors, even though so cool high power clinics that really run like a business. It's a factory. Yeah. You come in with a problem, they treat the problem and then maybe you get lucky and you get some kind of personal communication later on. And that's one of the big failings with health care today is people don't, like I fact you, I'm sorry for six pages, but some of that stuff communication cooperation participation. If you don't, if you end the doctor together and you're, you're doing the reading, you're supposed to find out about it. Well, but how come I'm finding out by accident, really reading the Atkins book and reading this McCulley book about how to record a science side, increases homocysteine and also being a diabetic interferes with your ability to lose weight. And of course, make sure blood sugar go up. Just what I needed like a whole month. We knew, we knew as soon as you went on it, the sugar went up and he warned you about that. But I mean, I mean, but he also said your body will adjust to whatever that mean. But though your body doesn't adjust to what especially at levels of 50 milligrams of that stuff, which I will not take again. I know this is cancer for one doctor to say this, but I thought that those are just as excessive too. And that's why we cut your way back. I see, you know, some people take, I always take the start low-goes slow approach. You got to figure out what, what, you know, the other thing the other reason I fact you can, my papers all say, well, I'm going to synthesize, you got to find out what the person's strength or and use them, not be feet to body. Every single pill has a side effect and there's some rule, still a topic of rule, like unintended, hexaclul, unintended effect. It's something that no matter how smart you think there are, nature will defeat how smart you think you are. And the body so complicated that you just have to be willing to deal with the uncertainty, but you have to set it up to say you'll adjust to it. He didn't know you, if you're adjust to anything. You give it one day. What are you going to do? He doesn't know me. I've been there several times. He doesn't know you. I'm telling you, I know that whenever we do something that we have to watch that I know I'm going to hear from you. But when you've been working that hard to get your blood sugar down, which to me is like a life in debt. Like, I don't want any legs chopped off. I'm not interested in making my little dog into a scene. I don't. I'm not interested in kidney failure. All of these other exciting things. I mean, that's extraordinary important to me. And they give me something that's good. But they're all the other choices for blood pressures, which my blood pressure isn't a problem now anyway. I'm just, I'm, I'm objective vehemently through it. I would like to say that I don't, I'd like to know what is rationale was for that. That's what we do because I had to put size. I was a very good geriatric drug, but I don't really get a good call. I'm getting there though. Are you getting your A, A, R, P invitation? Yeah, and the mail all the time every day. Lastly, on the front of the envelope, it says, hey, you will fart how about it. You've been able to educate people to pay attention to sort of thing. Even including get the package insert, read up on your stuff. I think, I don't know how that doctors feel, but I like a bit of a challenge. But you know something even more important to me than the package insert, because most people can read it and adjust the list of things. But if they go to their bookstore and they'll buy one of those little paper, they're the thick paper back post. You know, the one, you know, the guide to prescription drugs. Yeah, and they're not only giving the listing of the side effects, but they'll also tell you all of this other stuff about the drugs that they have bad interactions with. I mean, there's just tremendous information in those books. Well, the package is, you're right about that. The package insert is supposed to have a lot of stuff, too. And in fact, and who can read it? It's written purposely. Oh, no, I'll forget that. They have a magnifying glass to read it. Forgive me, I don't, forgive me. I don't mean the FBA approved package insert because you're right. That's so much to joke. Yeah, and the problem with a lot of information health care is that the patient doesn't have a context. If you read something that can happen at the 1% level, and you're, know, that 1% really means 1%, that you start to get the side effects. You start to think it's the 1% side effect right away. Those are really, I mean, they're 1% if you look far between. I'm talking about the, the pharmacies are mandated by forlard a law to give you a sheet that's, that's lay person, sorry for that expression, legible, and it's supposed to be one page of basic information on the drugs that you buy. Yeah. Including side effects, drug and interaction, how often you use it with it, without food, that sort of thing. And it's supposed to be a simple and easy to read as a booklets that you're talking about. So that's why tell patients to pick up that information with every, with every new prescription because they're going to think of something to apply to them. It's deep in their lives or deep in their past or, or something that they notice at home or the height of their chair or whatever. But I can't possibly know about because I'm not with them for two hours. I'd rather go back on the adolescent, take a hydrochloroside. Well, I can't see the reason that I kind of smile on as you go through this whole thing is because you may, the decision to cut down the dose and I certainly concurred with that. And then last week when we spoke, you said you were probably just going to get on to one medication instead of all of these, but I think that'll work just fine. Yeah. One other thing, I told you the other day, you've been educating your, your audience this wet for a thousand people or something like that. And send it in people. Okay, 10 billion people. 50 people. And if you're just alert them to these thoughts, the way you're supposed to think about your approach to medicine medicine is not I'd supposed to be a need your grief, Lex. What I told you the other week, I've made, I sent in my application, it was a six page, what I did on my summer vacation this year for the directorship for the Center for Primary Care Research in Washington. I want to change the way these things happen at a federal level. To let doctors and patients know that we've been running by the seat of her pants. And that guy who said only 80 percent, 20 percent of what doctors do. Oh, he was there. There was a pill post here. No, wait, wait. He was right about that. Yeah. He was the fact that he was not as no credit bill. No, he blew it as soon as he turned into the told us what his job was because we know who's, you know, who's who's rep in him and who he's representing. But the fact is that only 20 percent of what doctors do is valid science repeatedly demonstrated and concurred by the, you know, the consensus of doctors, 80 percent of what we do is greed, superstition, tradition, see to the pants and below 80 percent. Yeah, I believe you won't have to sell me. Well, and that's, I mean, I know, I'm not asking for it to be elected, but that's why I want to go to Washington. I want to change that. Got my vote. Thank you. See you next Monday, Mark. Bye. Bye. Thanks. To one of the two hours. Beer. Ik sure the number of times we take you with me. Keeping your . No, Jenny there. Losb PLAYING. There we're talking about it. Watching the a panties and watching in capitals to desperate to go in the word teams But hey, it's our team, baby, whether we like it or not Yeah, we got the playoffs come up now. I say we I'm not talking about the panties, but nevertheless hockey fans We got the playoffs kind of very soon. That's the exciting time of the year and these others silly people are worried about baseball about baseball Yeah, we're supposed to forget well, you know Wayne is gone and all that other stuff is gone We just kind of clear that like a new start a new beginning. It's not a question of if it's a question of when and we're supposed to be am I into it? No, not in the least Playoff time, baby. You can smell the hockey playoff fever in the year not here, but the other places I've been recently you could smell it Here's Holly with hello. Hey, great show Neil. Yes, sir. There's something you know, it's on 53. I worked out on my life I mean What I want to eat by exercise to music key. Yeah a lot of these people who books books books And they don't exercise as proud as the description It takes somebody's description to get a little kill. Yeah the description's a terrible simple basic exercise We'll help a lot of people a lot of problems. Yeah, that's true some some how come they want to do it? That all because we're lazy Well, it's a lazy and that is a pretty good one all as perfect as you are. I mean, you know, we're working on it We're done people look up for the quick fix That's what I said people want to pill for everything. That's right. Let me ask you if you could have taken a pill I said do an all exercise if you could have taken a pill the couple is the same thing when you have done it I don't know. Okay. One thing about it Fine, we've got to think about it Okay, five six I think it would be like my asking you know Julia child if you're gonna like Snap your fingers and made that great chocolate mooster whatever you just made when you're rather done that then go through all that work and mix and mess Yeah, I'll think about it 560560560 on a 18 T wireless line. What's the think pal? Here's West Palm Beach. Hello West Palm Beach Do you hear something or what? This is a goofball. He's been calling and hanging. Oh, okay. All day long. Oh West Palm. Why do you keep putting my hold on? Just don't put anymore West Palm Beach. Who needs them anyway? Here's a Hollywood. Hello Yes, sir. Can I talk a couple of a couple of issues? You know mine couple of issues? Couple of issues. Yeah, the first one is and it is very simple Attorney of this must be Is it the product? Can we get? Yeah, no, we can't see let me say it again very See as soon as you said that because you did give away because I wasn't really paying that much attention As soon as you say that I know it's that asshole and he from Hollywood know we can I mean I mean the people in the audience probably are ready to call like This is a paramedics the the loony ben somebody come and take you away. What words do I need to speak to convey to you? I can't stand you we can't talk issues We can't talk trash we can't talk period just put the period at the end of the word talk You and I ain't gonna have to we're not gonna talk we're not gonna convert we are gonna have anything to do with each other You make me nauseous you're a whining simple that is what you are go to practice go out there Squeeze yourself a couple of times and stay away from me And the audience agrees by the way. I took a poll just now and everybody everybody raised their hands said get rid of him Because he's an asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th he rattleslide Here's Miami. Hello What's up? How you doing sir? Pretty good. I've been listening for about six months and so first time I call yeah all right Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty there's another one always practices with the dead giveaway like putting up a big billboard there right Here's the lady and sunrise hello Yes, man how are you okay? I should be the chronic one in two hour today. I'm sorry. I said how are you done? I'm fine. Thank you. I haven't called before and I'm really interested in what you're discussing but I have something totally irrelevant I hear you're just wondering Actually I think the financial anthem for the Florida Panthers lately and You guys played it on the air. I didn't play it. I did it tonight. Well, I did it. Yeah, you're stationed there. You've been singing Yeah, is this your best calling? No, this is Joe. Joe. What? Joe minor. Joe minor? Yeah, I thought best. That is the friend of mine. Yeah, yeah Why do you have which game did you sing at that because the only game I missed was yada again. I actually this is my auto game with my fourth game I've done them for me lately anyway I just thought it was really nice that you guys played it on the air. I didn't know you did that. It's not a really cool I have friends with column. Are you gonna be singing tonight? No, I'm not who's gonna be singing tonight. I think I might be Sean Ebron Well, I have an errand for Gell. I mean with all the respect to you. I'm sure you do wonderful You got a wonderful voice, but I Think that the fans were just ready for a change. I'm not sure. I can't speak for them fans wanted to change They were getting a lot of feedback about that. Yeah I thought they don't like your errand for Gell. Oh, no, they just were ready for a change They were just tired of it being sung You know, I think the same old way just a little bit different not all I mean not no no Disposed the same old way What does that mean I mean everything like that would be like saying we don't want to hear Kate Smith any more sing God bless America, you know, which Of course, she's fabulous right well she won't not the anything going to marry and we're go Okay, you know, I just I'll just all confused about getting mixed signals there But what you're saying the fans were ready for a change That's what they were telling me You know, I don't know I mean again, I'm sure you've done a fine job because I hear it all the time I'm there I'll tell you about what there was that it down But I'm there every night now what you're gonna be singing this week Wednesday Boston game possibly if you haven't I mean of the schedule yet they they actually don't decide decide that how how do they decide? I'm not sure Randomly I suppose Maybe the fan responds. I'm not sure right Now do you get paid to do that? Actually now you don't get paid to do so much fun the people That's a thing is so much important thing for me to say is that the people at the Florida Panthers hockey club are the Must and fear nice people have ever had to work with well sure there's since you're about the national anthem They don't pay attention to game but they're big on the national anthem of course there Right, but they're just really nice people there. There are yeah, okay. Well keep up your great road great work Thank you and maybe we'll play it again. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Maybe we'll play your own breakout. Oh, I'm sorry She got I like her and Brigilla. I mean with all the respect there. She sounds like a nice young lady I'm sure she does a fine job. I like her and Brigilla. I didn't know that there was a problem is there a problem with him No, I don't think so I love her and Brigilla. No. He did miss up all Canada one time But then he got redeemed the next time the leaves came in you got the words right. I love her and Brigilla I think it's good to have continuity there. Don't you? The use to have that what was his name? We're in a ran court. I'll we use to sing that I should land Then boss them with the bro's these I don't know if he still does or if he's dead or what does it And they used to have a guy in Montreal used to do it all the time for I think he's dead And Kate Smith and Philadelphia and she still she didn't she still singing God bless America How do you like that? I happen to like I mean, I wasn't even going on this but since she called in the sport me on I like on Brigilla What what what does name it? I think he's great They had a dark and plated guy. I had a young black guy that's saying it one night here a couple of weeks He was tremendous he was sensational other generally that just called don't stick in my mind 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line that best calling or whatever name was She she got that kind of Jewish knows that he tracked them and she doesn't nice job You keep looking at that nose, yeah Hollywood Seminole came in with the country's first high stakes bingo casino They give it away over a billion dollars into open 20 years ago and in fact March 29th just a short time ago a 34 year old man from David He went over 327 grand and other winners have also walked away with six figure jackpots You could be the next big winner. Who do you like better Aaron Vergallo at the arena who you like national anthem Joe You don't care you never get through that early anyway For the best thing for the national anthem is just given Why do we seem the national anthem at ball games anybody ever figured that out yet? No, sure say why do we do that what's the point? That's just why do they play the national anthem at the racetrack that to me has always been Very disturbing. What what is that all about is the government involved with gambling? I mean besides taking a chunk of it for out tax money. I mean what was that all about? To stand for the national anthem in a racetrack? I mean, you know, I have no problem with the national anthem It's kind of a week one by the way. I like all Canada much much better and many other national anthem are far superior song But I sorry this song really sucks, but what's the point? What is it accomplished? Huh? It's supposed to get us pissed off and fired up for the game is that hey And really about most people are plotting for is that it's over with not applauding to get because they're too The idea like oh finally it long. You know get it over area go let's sit down and have a beer. How are that? So speaking of having something how about some ones from trucks today? Huh? How about some of my other so that was a Silent day and I was just about to sneeze. I don't want to sneeze on here like something kind of a Slop I'm sorry Some kind of a slop. Oh, I love this. Thank you so much by the way Richard whatever your name was what's it then? Helpern I'm trying to forget that name wait a minute Rick is his name Rick Halpern Could have been the same Rick Halpern that was the sales manager it's no that was What I'll I'll turn No, H Yeah, well, maybe he just put the H in front of you. He dropped it. Uh, you know, how to try to cover it up Yeah, what then we always call my help. Oh 560 750 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line He wasn't one that heard fent boy was it? Here's the four mires. Hello Hey Neil been out of town for a while just got back. I'm really shocked you're here about sunny. Yeah, I'm that group listen to sunny fox sunny fox yeah, he died. Sunny heresh. Oh, okay, asshole 560 560 pound 560 on the 18 boy that that was an ever been a guy from the morning show Over there in four miles. You know if you're gonna spend the money to make a call and take that it's gonna be humorous and that's your best material Here's the Hollywood hello. Dale God. Yes, sir One point I'd like to make here the relationship that you have with your doctor is a great relationship Yes, you should have the same relationship with your pharmacist How do you do that? Well, it's it's extremely easy all you do is wherever you take your prescription You meet your pharmacist you meet the manager. You talk to him. Oh, yeah, right. You meet the pharmacist. You meet the manager. What do you do? You're going to have tea with them? Oh, no, no, no, no, no You have to have a relationship with your pharmacist as far as the matter. How do you do that? What a pharmacist is behind the counter I'm going to run it around like bumblebees and heat He's got 7,000 prescriptions lined up. I'm going to have a relationship with this guy You go see my pharmacy You go see my pharmacy Good good good. Good good. He's not my type well Listen to people who like the most for me that they know exactly what medication should you're taking Many people many people they have that in the computer not if you regular customer if you're like most of the old Enders down here they'll buy two with Walgreens to a public to it. Well, I don't do the accurate I don't that that's why don't do that. Well, you know that and I know that but unfortunately a lot of your listeners out there don't know Listen, I understand what you're saying but I think if the average smuck out there is going to depend on their pharmacist To give them guidance is to what the side effects of the drugs are going to be and what the interactions are going to have with the other drugs That we can all go to their funeral together. Oh, no, sir. You if you have the proper pharmacist you will not have a problem at all Your pharmacist will punch you up on you. I'm not going to go to Hollywood to get my prescription spill Well, you have to build a relationship with what you have with where you go How do I do that do I take him out for a date? I mean he is a little you know well, I mean give it a shot Whatever whatever work. I don't want to take him out on a date. I want to take him out for coffee But but you have to get to know who's doing who's doing your your scripts. I see my other Walgreens done there in Broward Boulevard I used to know Bruce nice to be sorry I did not dare anymore see that's the problem see your your under the illusion that like when you go into a place That these people stay there for a long time not in this town. They don't they're here today and gone tomorrow Not my my farmers but you're lucky. I mean you got the one guy of an early and all the whole town It's great and I'm not going to slap the Hollywood to get my prescriptions filled He may be the best pharmacist that was ever born. I'm delighted for you But it's it's important as far as you medical health code right drugs that you do I think if you're doctor if you have a good relationship with your doctor doctor talk with that should be the first place And he's not gonna put her any kind of stuff that you're gonna have a problem with there Your doctor is a great guy, but does he know what he prescribed you two years ago? Yes, he does for these and all these got it all in the file of course Good doctor would but unfortunately most of you and in most doctors don't have your medical chart You couldn't have the right to you two years ago. How could they not how could they not trust me? They don't you pharmacist knows immediately. Okay, okay, I'm glad for him. I'm delighted and I have this ability said but It's just not gonna happen for most of us. We're not gonna go into a drugstore and shake hands with a manager in the pharmacist And the whole staff there the got the mishpochen behind the counter. It's a hey, you know They got 700 old far-slide up there. They want their crap, you know You could take them out to lunch. I don't want to take him out to lunch How do I take him out to lunch? I'm working here. I'm not gonna take him out to lunch Maybe he's got some phone numbers. I don't know Here's Jensen B. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm very excited today about the marlins are tied for first place. Right there. You go Market down in your calendar. That's the panther. But you better market down real fast. You go a parking it. Yeah, that's thing too You know who that is, don't you? The other asshole Took me a few seconds Yeah, they must be on the phone with each other doing little phone sex little phone circle jerk Andy from Hollywood and Greg from Boynton Beach was now in Jensen Beach alleged There were other scrubbing it with like drill-o pads five six seven oh five 60 see I mean Maybe you think that this is really grrrh, we check out. I don't care it just makes you look like Everybody in the world knows he's an asshole including that Andy character what at why his girlfriend seems very nice why she keeps saying I live I have no idea I haven't got a clue Maybe someday she'll get one Five set what is packed machine is just rattling and rattling and smoking that wow God What a day this has been back here Oh, this is the Cory Sabas We don't we don't take the sports stuff here in this facts machine, okay all you people are keep facts and stuff They got their own facts machine and we like Cory's a good guy but no way That incredible Want to give the right number out? No, they're not listening if they were listening They'd know that this isn't the place for the sports facts is this isn't the sports fang show This is just a regular fang show This is not a sports fang show, okay So send your sports bag Facts into the sports fags on their sports bag machine Not hours we already got my doctor wasting our facts paper guy, damn it Here's a mobile and cross-spring, sello. Yeah, yeah, sir happy paper in back to you The girl that called you Joe minor I thought twice a game you weren't there at the Ottawa game No, I thought you're seatless mp right She sang great she has a great voice she sang old Canada great she said she sang the National Anthem great She has a great body by the way. Oh, what the married I'd ask her out That's a different story with the other guy. What her number of yellow he was very good But he was getting old that next guy that has the color foul you mentioned he was good I think he was great. He was great. This girl has a super voice How can you say her brokelle was getting old? Hasn't he been doing it like for a hell of a long time now for us? I think you I think you were in the minor leader losing too many games. I think that was the problem. I got news for I hasn't helped That's true. You didn't need a missed that game. That was nothing you missed there either and by the way How come on the only person in North America besides the people on CBC they replayed at 10 times That showed their right of Devoreck was five feet off side on that ledge go he got in the second period nobody ever had called it Yeah, I didn't see that. Oh my god Now I'm telling the break is a puck over the bottom of blue line and here's the war act putting on the brace trying to stop He's already at least two three feet over the blue line and play goes right on Melodbe gives it back to the war Who's in there all this? What was what kind of a goal was that the referee had some rough blood of time? It's not you You know we need we have to have 80 lines have been in 20 referees. Okay, then maybe they can get a call right Be among the whole bunch of that's true Take care and back to it So there's a guy that liked you Jill. Okay, let's hear there's one for Jill I like your in Brugale fine. I thought he he's got that big he's an opera singer for Christ's sake But not going on he doesn't have as good of an ass as her I guess Oh, he's got breast that it probably is largest I don't know what are they one of the young ladies they had to which had very very very tiny breast I'm sure it earned a much larger breast than she had Here's a mobile and key largo hello Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, this is Anthony. I'm a friend of Jeff Cohen's of the guy that he worked for in the restaurant years ago Yes, I got to join down in the key log on now Yeah, he's got a joint right now. He's working on I think no listen. Yeah, I'm doing his Kill a lot. Yes, I'm doing his killation therapy. Yes, sir. Have you heard about of course? I would he think Dr. Rackens is very big on it by the way they do it in the acting clinic I've done it and it's unbelievable right I'll tell you listen to really works. That's right my cholesterol was my check list Rack for five my cholesterol was all the full from both from now about a 200 It's amazing beautiful and I feel real good keep it up Anthony. Thank you That's what Jeff Cohen says keep it up tell come come down and see if the key log of some day all right Okay, there's a friend of Jeff Cohen's kind of sounded like it five six seven Oh five sixty pound oh by the way that pizza last weekend a much of pizza muscle is on it Wow, that was good stuff Why Why Send my But you realize that there are two Y2K panic movies coming out this summer. Were you aware of that? No, well now you are not one but two being as responsible as Hollywood always is and doing anything for a buck Even if the you know even in the case they might just cause wild massive panic in hysteria Which they're already gonna do? Did you see the kits about have your own Y2K baby be the first one to have a Y2K? Oh, yeah Hmm Why okay Is that what Michael said and Godfather one a two K people think they're gonna win some money or something if they have the first day I haven't got any idea. It's again a classic example a demonstration to any of you who still have any remaining doubts of the Illnessy of the human freaking race, okay? Just like the media continuing to use this term ethnic cleansing and you wish lobby ethnic cleansing my fat ass They're butchering. They're slaughtering the word you're looking for is genocide not ethnic cleansing But hey, don't confuse them with the fact it sounds much Neuer ethnic cleansing You know like with babble the Whatever that old commercial used to say what I'd say Brian the something cleanser what was the word I went in there? I was a Yeah, he's busy So seriously, so my point being this that the last at least two or three months of this year probably the last quarter Especially after these two panic movies come out this summer. It's gonna get everybody hysterical the stock market I'm afraid even though it's having a big it's up a hundred and seventy again the dow is up hundred and seventy if you don't have The 12 of those thirty stocks like GE and I'd be having the ones that are going through the roof. It means nothing the rest of the market is in the tank, okay? The next except for the eight if you got those text stocks a well, you know the ones A well-signed the right New York history whatever the hell they are But Jesus Christ I mean there people are gonna be panicking. They're gonna be you hoarding all kinds of stuff and somebody suggested to me I think it was on the plane the other night Vine gold might not be a bad idea because people are gonna go nuts The last few months of the year you marked my words even though this absolutely no reason for them to be doing it They're gonna go eight What shot you watch? Not one but Holly would coming out with two movies to announce to the world Excellent Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Any other yes sir a couple things first all the beach boys are way way better than aerosmith No, no, no, I don't know what I have Roger to out in the same league with aerosmith I would I would like to request and all beach boys, day. Okay. Good call up a call up magic Call up tragic 102.7. Okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line here's coconut grove hello Oh, yes sir. What loser? Right Speak upstairs. Speaking of that thing. Can you hear me now? Yeah, okay? The dolphins hopefully would get okay. Let's go to Pabbert Pine, Silla. Hey, how you doing? Okay. So I'm a time where Dean you're redeeming I'm gonna buy two colors redeem what oh, okay First off I just want to say tomorrow's my birthday Yeah, so can I have the little music button here? Can you have a little thing? Somebody beat me to it. Yeah, thank you sir, and oh, this was nice little bit of news I thought you liked it now. I know you don't like tough sports, but just you'll like that. I'll tell you this You know like there's only one sports here in that's lucky. There's more all thanks I think it might involve facts stuff though. This whole bit take me two seconds It's like good. He's got a hernia. They thought he might be because he was listening stuff He says because he was actually he bought you was using Chinese paint You know that is no it's some item ever know that's from a sex shop So now he's on the disabled list with a hernia because he was using Chinese paint It's using Chinese pin I'm his I guess so I thought you kind of liked that Maybe we'll put a different slang on the sex life. Okay, exactly. All right. Yeah, thanks for the good news There's another reason to hate baseball not good Hey, let's meet him. We got to get him at least 45 more chances straighten it out 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello And you know yes, sir. Yeah, that's there. You say your ex pharmacist used to rename Bruce right Bruce gold You know he's on the power of all of our he's still there. Not bill. I don't know that Walgreens He's still there. That's on a mask user. Is he still there? That's what I say. Yes. Oh, I know he's real well. Yeah, he knows me As a last chance one to know you win a win a win your show starts every day and they come on with that disclaimer that Everything's said here, you know without the express written consent How come you hear all the other stations when you're not on and I'm listening something else you hear your kids coming across there Mean, what does that mean? Meaning this some of the stuff that you know bokeh Brian and all that stuff that you come up with who else is here on other station? Who else is playing bokeh Brian stuff? I forget I don't remember. Well talking out and coming back. Okay 56080 Rick Riley's playing some of the old stuff like the bokeh song Something other stuff he stole years ago. You know I'm talking about 5605050560 on the 18 and T. Why was not we don't care for Rick Spell some bokeh Brian stuff god damn it right Here's a mobile in Perrine hello Neil yes sir, hey, maybe you're guts of her because you're taking it up the shoot. I take this shoot shoot this pal 567. Oh, this is return hour. I should have known as soon as Andy called you know everything my right-neal crap 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T. One last line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yo, Neil. I'm the sweet quest gonna hear something Let's go to a mobile in Margade. Hello You're a babble the foaming cluster. No, no, I'm in Climbs your accent. Okay, thank you. That's enough Don't you remember that? Use babble the foaming but a bottle of hop that thing used to go in don't you remember that? Oh, that's right. It was Ajax the foaming. Oh, so what difference does it make? That's not the point. He is what I know is a nitpicker By the way, bring them out that check back. I think there's a couple of zeros to money and that thing Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes, man. I knew two things I'd like to tell you thanks Number one for educating people about act as diet right? Don't you all want a big crusade on that again, but did they like it or not? I don't care. Oh, I'm going on a massive crusade on it. Don't you love when they're not educated? They say oh, that's gonna ruin your kidneys and you're gonna die from kids And they don't read anything that's why he's had hundreds of thousands of people go through that they're all doing so great Exactly another thing my husband father's doctor and not by aming He had high blood pressure for hormones with the doctors couldn't get down. Yeah And we're giving him all kinds of medicine that's gonna kill him eventually Three days with the doctor on Chinese and natural therapy his blood pressure is better than normal Chinese Chinese medicine. Yeah, they had a mon conventional can up prescription medicine. It about killed them And this this man is a North Miami. He's unbelievable. He does the Q.A. Shantaropy He does a lot of stuff with HIV. He's just unbelievable and the doctors are just finally starting to figure out Maybe they better get on the banwagon and see what's going on But thanks again for acting because it really does work and it does a kill. Yeah Okay, all right, bye-bye and have a great life. Okay, whatever you said five six seven 560 p.m. 50 on the 18 T line 21 till two the hangover show from a pp park to a clock 2330 Marlon pregame 330 to four Marlon's in a method for clock any interest at all No, then followed by the panther game pregame seven o'clock Panthers at a Washington cap 700 or 39 any interest in that No, just a little tiny bit any enthusiasm. Oh any hope for the play on no This is Randy West and as for our phone conversation I talked to Peter North the other day He tells me your real name is kneeled down and he's still ain't interested Pulled up for drowsage show them her ruck bulls and leaves and white club feet dark She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin on the boys in the barnyard where show those in Matthews and later from yesterday's hunt Was a girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the knot even a black-combed man With a side of the home in the country with a big fence out front if he has to phone like Lee she show him Her list of that dog who was subject to fence and maybe she's let him grab hold on her small tender and With the movement so quick and then she can't over and suck down his candy So take the made up butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookie That she had left out on her shelf if they this is dirty You can go 145 at five 60 W.M. attention. You can smell it though. Yeah in the air with a marlins baseball A stench of something is in the air Marlins in the mess five so we got 600 open lives in 14 minutes to kill it. Can we do it? 567.560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Okay. Yeah Napoleon Kaufman's often I could see it Yeah, you know what I can see now tone that's what I can see quick one Here and we've had the three hours of saving the world really good Intelligent worthwhile stuff and all of a sudden in the one to two hour We got air-read guide damn moron and you wanted to watch because they're frustrated because we're not done in the level the sports They're crap, okay? The best thing that could ever happen would be if tomorrow other than the NHL all the other sports will not Business absolutely that before and we can go on talking about important things like Like that thank you Chuck there's Chuck from the sub center with my lunch today And now we're talking about important stuff five six seven any interest in these last 13 minutes today But we just got a bunch of lung heads a bunch of moron a bunch of idiots obsessed with crap with third-brickers stuff here Good god almighty. What kind of an imbicill gives a crap about Napoleon Kaufman Which by the way they just signed them is what default told me? Yeah, that was really funny that thing on April Fool's Day depot not Well, yeah new was this humor and nothing like going into a rain yeah now seem to me today knowing that I wasn't gonna be here Friday Going into a verbal assault and defy give a crap With their little effects sports fans here in that morning show god is that a thing here's a mobile in the geobiles hello Mobile in the Gables Delray B. Hello New Rogers. Yes, sir. I don't okay. Good. Hey listen. I remember it last week I didn't get a chance to talk to you about your if you know I don't do me there and I told my mom You know she's getting up there in age and I it kills me to even think about sooner in a box And I told her she wasn't too happy about a person look I'd rather than know you remember you how you know You were looking at you in a box. Yeah, and Another thing with these idiots calling up a lot of sports give it a rest and they got 20 Then they call it all you know that's their whole life thing that 20 hours of this soil is garbage This crap. Yeah, that's all they know this station attracts the worst maggots I mean here's some asshole calling the morning show this morning about the betting the over's of the underzone on a baseball game I got news for people are out there betting baseball games They need to be put away somewhere Me and GA Big gun they got 20 hours of it. Why do they put why do they come to their craft because they I think they're doing I'm purpose to piss you off me. Oh really. I think you're trying to get you hard to take well guess what ain't gonna happen 567. Oh 560 pump. Maybe you want doctor when this time I can be a heart attack and it won't be doctor Mark We know who I'm talking about with all those pills all of these things W to Q a and hello Yes, sir. Hey You should advertise and what's the name took us? He has a move But anyway, I'm Q a and hello Neo, yes, sir. What's up? All the little punks all the mess has our default date counted. That's right throughout this week last week was brought this week is date counting Have an assurcle jerk on the phone 567. Oh 560 pump 560 on the 18 and T line here's a mobile in the dear field. Hello We all think you think you okay great, but thanks for listening to 560 W Q a. Okay, and go back to New York while you're at an ever great trip or not as the case May be we all think you stink. Thank you, sir If you nanomiss we just took a vote. We all think you stink Here's a mobile in four-laterdale, huh? Hey, Neo, how are you? Okay, sir. Wow, I'm sitting at the I'm a radio Neo What I'm sorry. I said how you doing pretty good. Anyways, while I'm sitting at the bridge over here that while it's going up it's been up for about 10 minutes now. Yeah, so we in the day with the bridge tender Here's a mobile in Belgrade, hello Hey, Neo, how you doing? Okay, sir Excuse it in Belgrade for a week. This is worth some being in prison. Yeah, not even funny Now, you know something what did you do? It's phone technique. They have the phone in his rectum. Yeah, that must have been another one you were people by the way 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line here's home stand hello Home stand good. Yeah, I'm great. I've been listening to your show. They said it's one of the better shows Up until one o'clock it was great. That's what these people are pissed off about. Yeah, well, you got some real thick hand-lacing more serious than you know underneath cap. I'm a cardiac patient and I'm probably disabled Do that and I'm on my doctor's got me on the low presser and Zocore And some of the things we were saying earlier about the blood pressure medication I had some last month if I could cut in half and he said absolutely not Just my own best. How does he know that? That's a good question He thought about it for a while. He said no, but I was sitting here a minute about how bad is your blood pressure? I just took a few minutes ago. It's 132 over 80 and it pulse rate while resting is a 69 Does it have that after you took it? Or before you took it? Well, I think every morning. Yeah I'm that's the only therapy you've put me on had a massive heart attack and lost about 35 Well, then you better listen to what he says. Yeah, that's what I'm trying to do But I'm concerned about whether or not I'm a candidate for academics Beats me. This is the thing you've been talking about layoff getting off your medication stuff to start really Why do you have to talk to a doctor that believes in it? I know something about it like mark the porter or somebody that's into it Okay, as if he talks with doctor that is You know, doesn't believe it at the You're spinning your wheels. Well my doctor. He's a minimalist Pretty much he doesn't believe in what is he's about what is he say about actions? I have an asking Well, there you go. That's the best way. Okay Ask him good luck next week. Okay, see you I guess that's the best way to do it. It's to ask him. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah, I think it's time to bring back the lightning around. I think it's time to bring back a straight jacket for Answers like you is what it's time waiting till you know the sports nerds get back on okay, sir Then we'll be loaded and loaded with your trap. Okay, we'll be coming out of our pores It'll be poor and full crap Here's Miami Beach. Hello Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Miami much as simple as we got this hour much of jackasses must be the sports people doing it early I've had this one must be the Marlin fans getting all been out of shape inside contact all 10 of them. That's right Mariah Carey and Luis Miguel that's the new hide the hottest item that's talking about them Mariah Carey, he's allegedly banging everybody everything Wait a minute. I thought Luis Miguel was like more interested in Roger Nielsen. Well, at least he always into whatever moves evidently Who knows oh, yeah, okay. I thought we had a scoop here He goes always Luis very good north sound eastern West 560s like all those oldios 560 560 pound 560 on the ATT wildest line Eight minutes till two, but we got a great lunch here and thank God none too soon either