We're trying 560 WPQAM on the report. For example, the Neal Rother Show, who talked to Neal, called 560. 760. You're not 560. Free for date and Broward. Or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest-coller. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA helps. Why do you first feel? Make sure you feel. Ok. If the stage is your 26th request then, I'm saying it. You don't bow, Favourite. Blam pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa p pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa how we qualified for supported time.icket the 120 month過 Sit down, and take this extra fast, a truly controlledwagen an inter Writing The accessibility for making the award. I'm gonna go on a beat, my friend. And that's the loudest. I'm gonna go on a beat, my friend. I'm gonna go on a beat, my friend. I'm gonna go on a beat, my friend. I'm gonna go on a beat, my friend. Can't I see it five, fifty, WCQ, I'm actually trying to think God. I know it's all that's tried. I'm not even gonna say it. Thank God, it's, you know, how that goes. This has been a long week. Some weeks go by like man. I think he worked like you woke up at his Monday and you put your head back on a pillow or was gone, a whole week. Can you say thank God? But this week, it's just a drag on and on and on. It's been slow and upon us. Maybe part of the reason for that being the saddam draft stuff. Morning guys. Thanks so much to our friends from a Dunkin Donuts not eating any donuts don't panic Okay, just a little whatever that is little stuff without the bread a little monk Yeah, I gotta go back on the Eccons. I had a non-acquined day yesterday. See I'm on the Eccons whether I want to be or not At a non-acquined day yesterday again three pounds on the scale. Oh, I'm not what it what is this? You really think what what is that? I'm not gonna eat that. Are you out of your look at that? You're gonna eat that looks like a doily Here you go. What there's another one on the bottom. I'll just scrape the bacon and cheese off Are you crazy with all do we expect them a good personal friends from Dunkin Donuts or where but they're from God I'll eat the bacon though. Mm I love bacon eat all the bacon you want an acco in the bottom But this egg look at that look at that you're gonna eat that That is the fried egg a fried egg Mcnuff and fried eggs Is it like the croissant which is what do you think is in there? I guess it looks better when you know I get when I used to go to burger king get those I get it without the egg thank you Oh bacon and cheese or ham and cheese croissant which without the egg those were great at Booker King But this this thing this fried egg My dog drops better deposits in the yard all over the place than the nesting looks like seriously If this is what food work I'd weigh 72 pounds if this is what food was all about W2M kitchen hello Yes, man Are my car in the story what is it? Oh And you wonder why I'm glad this week is finally over it's been great Wayne Grett's get a retire what a emotional even though I hate him like poison Not because he's not a great player which obviously he's one of the greatest to ever play in the anyways sport But I just hate him he's always been a leaf killer He just I just can't stand him he need a nose cannot handle him But a very emotional scene in Ottawa last night for anybody was watching ESPN and then of course CBC went pop pop pop pop pop I mean once once the news got out that it was gonna be pretty much official He's having a press conference at four this afternoon when I'm so that he's gonna go buy buy in Sunday It'll be his last game Sunday night and not to overdo it ESPN thank god they never overdue things Starting at nine o'clock Sunday night going until seven o'clock Monday 22 consecutive hours of good buy to Wayne 22 consecutive hours of good buy win which would be better than the draft stuff by the way there be some good highlights in there. I'm sure QAM kitchen hello You read the Christina more on comments and very jackass is calling it to that just relax. Okay. I'll get to it But thanks for the tip Bob. I read I star my papers. Okay By the way, I want to tell you this the number one the the forget about rating people but the the epitome If you want to know what South Florida's all about Take a look On page 11 D in the Heraldest morning take a look at the picture of very jackass Because he epitomizes this whole area not just what's wrong with the area. He epitomizes everything about this area. He's it That pudgy faced pudgacking goofball who still lives with mommy Who's just just a piece of turd Just a assucker With his little core buddies Greg read and Christina more the only people who talk to him are the ones that he sucks up to when there are too many of them But I am honored that actually got my name in his comments more. Thank you so much Barry. That's be as sweet heart God this bacon. This was not the right thing by the way to be a eating while I was on here. Also the guilty story Wait to hear about this. I got so much to talk about with this ball shaving business that we found out yesterday See I'm always here in at the us bags were the perverted ones and yet in the last year on this show I found out that the straight guys at a one who are big into the rectum on all their women to submit to anal sex We did like what 75 week a series 700 part series on anal sex rectum And now I find out that it's the straight guys who are all shaving their nuts And of course a guilty being a big fan of Joe a cost double being very impertutable as he was when he first came to the station Found out that Joe a shave is not okay because if or whatever kinky reasoned might be and guilty trying to emulate him a little bit too close Yeah too late You're not supposed to use one of those old fashioned straight raises okay guilty too late now And then we find out that Tommy shave is nuts. If I George was informing me before the show started this morning That he and I and how to how does he know about me? But we're the only ones that have placed it don't shave our nuts. Just think that raw shave is nuts I know who we can ask to find out. It's probably got somebody to do it for him I know who we can ask to find out. Let me say it again Okay, we'll get to that we got the very jackass stuff. We got I got I'm gonna try this week Maybe the week the week when bison slowly is because I savor it every moment of it every like the bacon And then I'm eating here very slowly because I sure is how I'm not gonna eat this egg I know I'm not I like omelettes What's a pun of time most of my life I didn't like eggs at all? I don't mind scrambled eggs. They're not real snappy. Okay. I'm not that big on them But omelettes I do love why is that because they don't taste like eggs? But something like this this Friday this seriously I would rather eat and ounce of dog dropping than consider putting this anywhere near my mouth. This is it's like rubber It's like rubber with yellow uh whether it would have slid by mustard on it. Mm, where's your head another one? Hey, here you go. Are you finger to it already? Yeah. I don't know where your hands have been finger this Why are you having shit like this? We deliver hot in sexy domino's dominectrics pizza you'll get up in 30 minutes or less Or it's free Crawl yellow worms for the domino dominectrics pizza location there you want double cheese on you pizza You need a crawl just call 1 800 fake me bad dog fake fake you bad dog. Oh It's good. I mean what what what is there for guy that groubles at the feet of his girlfriend wife or both? I love where to be side pushing With all the respect of Joe who's a guy I always thought was a really good guy. I'll I'm starting to have some doubts Don't forget his big auto racing show to Marmor That's all about six to seven a and here on this station. I wonder he likes to have Gordon so much But you know guys who like our subservient they just pussy that's the only word that comes to mind Shave your balls shave your ball spot shave your rectum shave your armpit shave your pub shave your and I what what is that? Because she likes it Far for like a dog you know all that other crap. I mean just the pathetic So we're gonna get anomalous from Huh she now I'm distracted from the Matters of hand here today We're gonna get a real good bacon and cheese omelet. There's now my appetite's been wedded By the little bit of bacon and cheese on top of these grotesque looking fried eggs And they are gross. There's I've never I can't even begin to imagine that you're you would eat this Anything that looks like that It feels Like styrofoam it feels like plastic it has the in fact look what you can pull it look at that You can eventually pull the report but it's Any move of the logic That's an inanimate object. It's it's gross task That's an egg even chicken little's in is blushing Taking a look at a piece of crap like that Pembert pine tell all hey if it's something you can pull away maybe some force gun on there But anyway, hey you don't I just we know that the bribery I guess was coaching the You're asking right do you see you saw cherryburn? I don't know what that's all We're rolled yeah, I'm gonna be on with it both going away. Yeah, I can't I maybe let's see if they don't get a two way ticket Hopefully that's what they're doing on a way game Yeah, like the bye bye. Bye. My my my brother You didn't read Dave hide's column yesterday. I guess their built-urries is thinker's swim thinker's swim Gee they're coming back. I don't want to spokes them back. No, you got another year of it, man. All right, well Good luck, you sir Good luck to us because we'll need it because they're all coming back because built-urries being you know foolish and the silly and old They're all going down together all three of which are being you know that'll be fitting They basically destroy the franchise put it all in the shoulders one guy So where can we get an omelet? I've never I've never had an omelet on here Among all the other things that I've eaten while on here Got the stadium died or right across the street but they don't know for most the stadium better that's right next to her to Chuck's Huh, maybe Chuck will stop by there and bring us a bacon and cheese I'm now why are you laughing he happens to be such a good guy that he would probably do that yeah, but he's no Jeff Cohen Thank God number one Jeff would breathe a soup from some young guy That's right well that's because that's cuz Chuck isn't and see Jeff Cohen again He's like I wouldn't be so I am in fact I guarantee Jeff Cohen chaves is nuts Okay, when you go to the pizza law next time asking he'll probably tell you he chases nuts a bit of Jeff would drive to the stadium down I'm sure he probably would for a little free publicity for the pizza law Kitty corner where savings buffet used to be until all the old people put them out of business by stealing the sweet and low I wonder what drove them out of business other than probably the clientele all died like the permutuals here in town Diane for a bacon and cheese omelet. What is is there anybody else in a Saudi and two dozen like eggs But like some looks. I think that's probably common Am I the only one? I can't stand a especially snotty eggs You know, we can actually see the a snott and why in fact I mentioned when I had my little accident That they even sent her a Toronto last Sunday and at that JJ loves they may have that great omelette bar and they make him fresh for it And I have huge bowls of like shrumes and peppers and onions, dice onions and hand what have you one in there But watching them make the omelet isn't exactly one of the most appetizing things in fact you're better off not to be watching too closely Because they have all the the egg batter they got that all in a big bowl and they put that in there on after they heat up the ingredients that you've ordered Everything you're set to cheese which goes on at the end after the omelet is cooked But as they're cooking it they kind of like push all the snot all you know what I'm saying you keep watching the snot running around and they push it till it's not vanishes And then it cooks up into this fluffy big beautiful thing and you know And you think it's fluffy, but it's not So I think maybe it's the snot that gets in the way although of course there's nothing like a little snot deserved or snack in the car Can't stand when people are staring at me. I'm in the car Talk about this as it is in times leave me alone. I want to pick my nose in the car. That's the one place where you're alone if you're alone in the car And you can just be free to pick like I say PIP insurance pick your nose and peace That's what we need in this town And I find that every time I got like a real big You know number up in there and I'm digging and getting great satisfaction of working all that nasty hard Custy stuff out of my nostril and it'll be some jackass in the car next to me look and we'll see The worst of it somebody that recognizes me. That's the most in the earth. Oh, take a winner Neil You know that kind of stuff And the meantime they're probably shaving their nuts under the steering wheel in their car with their lady bick with that pink lady bick I wonder if your costile uses a pink lady bick and That the very dainty deppulatory cream that they have for wear shaving These are the tracer I thought what if I'm guilty do the one to use the tracer Here's sunrise hello Yeah, I think the guilty problem was to use the straight razor when he shaved his yeah, that's what I got it Just send that I'm okay. I thought I heard it so Yeah, okay, I got a question about the Murray brothers, but did they lead you after Do you leave the team? No Oh, I was wondering last night I heard a thing but your fireworks one off. Oh, they're uh I'm gonna get to that have a great day. I'll get to that just relax a little okay I'm sitting there last night watching a Boston beat the Pittsburgh I tell you Boston's hot for that bro and guy that call the other day Maybe you're right they're hot Handle the penguins pretty nice with their yager score very late the game to make it three two and then they got the Embed in that gold famous a-ness Carter To win four two, but anyway, and then of course all the grits he stuff started But I'm sitting there early in the game and I hear this try. I thought I was I thought he had not enough for a few seconds and woke up in Yugoslavia Because there's all this unbelievable noise and I knew it wasn't thunder because we haven't had rain in about six years here And gunfire could have been out there, but it's not the right holiday. You know it's not the fourth of July. I'm gonna lose Jewish holidays And I'm wondering what they held us that and I look out in the back yard. I don't see anything But I hear this it ingest goes on I thought well Must be some right next heads and let's do a refurbished from New years and I'll blow them off. They're and the fireworks too And it goes on and gets louder and louder and then I'll sound like a whole I'm serious not to just like belgrade on the bed day Finally go out to front door and I give a look and I see it's over there by the saw grass and guess what They're blowing on in nice fireworks two by the way Went on and on and on and on it was for the official opening of the Oasis Plata Which I just happen to have the Harold's article in front of me and is usual warm mistakes I give you a classic example It's as the opening gave patrons a taste of what's coming most of the mega stores like hard rock cafe Legal seafood game works and keep like won't open for another few months Then like three paragraphs down it says Sylvia Grossman of Western sample the hot flood dry screen a g r dollar g rd li soda fountain chocolate shop Try the fish chowder at legal seafood restaurant which will open Monday for dinner and yati adi adi Just three paragraphs above it says most of the mega stores including these which had mentioned legal seafood Lumpy opening for months, but then three per rat legal seafood which will be opening Monday for dinner and by the way that's good news That's the right place. That's a chain out of a newing letter to Boston Can't think of which restaurant downtown in Boston has the legal seafood like adjacent like right in One of that's a good place But they're blown off all these fireworks because the oasis plaza is opening at the side to saw grass And it says when it's all done I mean, this is just amazing to me Curious crowds thousands of all ages swarming through stores taking up free samples and coupons Free and enjoy dozens of performers from bands to jugglers to belly dancers to guys shaving their nuts Curious crowds were daughter of the entertain and portion of the giant mall the first one stop dining eating and shopping mecha in western Broward when it's done. I'll have 37 stores in restaurant and And you know what say and and what? What's the attraction For example Lucy Mariaga of highly a garden's a worsen sunrise says it has a Disney world cup of setup We really need something because there's not much to do up here. I like this place, but it'll be better when the store's open she says because there's not much to do here She says Not just in West Broward, but like in southward in general she could say there's not much to do here Come to the saw grass watch them blow off the fireworks shave each other's nuts and Get free stuff get a bunch of free crap. I'm free childhood I Think you can have clam chowder on the acens can you can you want to know why the cream is okay? Although not not milk The heavy cream would be okay and the clams are certainly fine, but the potatoes that's the problem Can't have no potatoes On the ancan sorry, but you can have all I create seafood like barbecue shrimp and World scallops and all that good stuff all these things So I'm looking eagerly forward to the opening of legal seafood because that's a place Ignacio you'll it's a tremendous place by the way boys and girls Even though I hate go to the saw grass like poison because they just crowd of the all these Abananna boat people no speaking in lace and because you have to park a 120 miles away from wherever you might be going And then you know old and kind of see now I get confused anyway between the yellow two can and the the blue dolphin and the purple parrot the yellow The yellow torrential entrance I get kind of confused Here's a big pine key hello Big pine key Yes, sir. How are you okay? Listen before you get to far along in its nutshaving stuff I just wanted to call you and let of your comment chest about depot I resign myself to listen to the entire four hours this morning And Meaning what I have from six from six to ten I listen to the worst team and then they take a gratuitous cheap shot there because Hank made a mistake about the the marshal bump They I have to anybody that would just you know we replay a guy making a mistake on you like that's okay in my book Listen, you know this stuff is brain numbing I remember the guy in clockwork orange that was me this morning A little mimpin yeah, we're sitting Having impinges like you and about eight o'clock the Joe rose was going on about something about the draft just hot and on and on and on and on The minpin gets up in lines and leaves the room. Yeah, I don't blame him. It's terrible the draft stuff is so terrible It's painful. It's painful. It's because his hemorrhage is spontaneously erupt Listen, Neil you're number one Manage number two Hank very knowledgeable number three and default he blows okay. Thank you I wonder if he saves his nut so because like I said George and I have the only guys in the building don't shave our nuts That's what bro. Oh, this is morning Tommy saves his nut. I wonder who's going to be interested in hearing about that? Someone else who does no He also saves it's nuts I didn't know he had any and then something Friday you wear school Congratulations you finish high school or maybe you didn't but at any rate you've learned the three hours reading writing in arithmetic and Pretty much sick of school but with pressure from your parents you know that you better continue with that education That's why we believe that Ivy University is for you see we call it I've university So it sounds pretty serious but nothing could be further from the truth at Ivy University through the three hours You'll be getting the three else getting laid getting loaded and maybe a little less bow action Located in the Mediterranean. Ivy University has really easy classes. Yes even you could pass them forget fast It we've been we have watching people doing basket weaving and instead of sex ed we have sex act with real super models Ivy University you'd do it at the other colleges anyway So why kid yourself? Okay, here's the bad news that I've been waiting for I just checked the facts machine. I knew it What do I tell you I got a homo problem No, not that kind of homo. I got a homo-sistine problem. What do I tell you? 11416 let me get back to my book here just one second I know I don't a lot of you folks out there consider this very this is important stuff baby This is heavy do it here to go page 117 the doctor McCullee's book Here's what your homo-sistine reading should be if it's low fourth eight will be the great reading okay No supplements needed If you have mild homo-sistine levels that means you've got poor diet your over 60 eight to 12 moderate poor diet sedentary obese smoke or over 60 10 to 14 high now very high is 16 to 30 to which I'm getting close Hi Family history obesity smoker hypertension high LDL low HDL right between 12 and 20 under Richter scale What's my homo-sistine number on my blood test 15.4 oh oh Bad Normal limit to cis and here from the land five to 15 But the definitely you want under under 10 Release under 14 15.4 Now my doctor writes on here or at least I think he wrote this start full of acid Guess what I already take 400 micrograms of full like a 800 every day and Off-bought hydrochlorophysia repeat for eight weeks According to the lab on here a desirable number would be 10 and according the book 10 would be yeah I'm the low end of moderate. That would be okay Full of acid V6 and V12 And be careful because that's a bad bad bad number. I have a homo problem Homo-sistine and that's the bad stuff that's what clogs your arteries that's what makes you sick That's what gives you heart disease homo-sistine not cholesterol But triglycerides and homo-sistine Are where you got the real for all look and I just dropped the book And you're sitting here trying to feed me all this swell They can be even sicker than I was only moments ago I need to get the homo a lot of my body man. That's what I need to do Thank you, Dr Mark for setting me the bad news see I know that we needed to do these tests was neither one it said remember I even on the air about like 10 days ago I said when we redo these blood tests. I want the homo-sistine test because I've been reading all about this stuff That's the killer from the nilor Homo-sistine I bet you we don't have one person in the audience that has any idea what that is And they're all busy running there. There's still out there. We're buying their endmends goddamn donuts And cookies and all that crap all these things they're low fat this and low fat that and getting bigger and bigger and bigger I just ballooning up to a guard gants who in size Oh, I'm clogging their veins Getting ready for another Artorial episode as they call it Almost had an artillery episode this morning reading the paper there page 11d in the mommy-herald sports section With this pudgy face like I said everything that you need to know about this town is right on the face of burry jackass right on that pudgy Post of his And he goes on about the draft the SPN makes the NFL draft the happening and yeah, yeah, yeah, and melt type or this great Then I see a thing that's on dolphins radio voice bills zipper will join QAM's coverage of the draft because we're gonna be like Sick with it for the next 48 hours whatever it helps. Gonna be obsessed with it Yeah, with dance to play it So anyway Then I see a thing that's his more ends run Chris more more on the Panthers radio voice and Satins inception rights berry Causes final game Saturday against Tampa Bay more more on who is leaving to take the job posted with home in New Jersey Perhaps with the SPN radio Well, Mrs. Friends with the Panthers He will not however miss WQAM talk host Neil Rogers who frequently criticized his work more on Now this here comes the interesting part Neil is very self-serving and what he elects to discuss more said It's a really easy way to make a living the second guess all of the decisions people making forget the good ones He's a master in doing what he does It's distressing to me his ratings are as high as they are but Jerry spring or has a lot of ratings too I won't miss Rogers it hasn't been pleasant But more says he leaves on good terms with WQAM morning host Jeff to fourth in Joe Rose Even though they were angry after more joined them on the Panther coaches show last season and Of what berry the furry has to say in his column, okay? I mean, what we're to even start with this let's start with the last the ass end of that first I mean, I realize we got basically three pussy's there on the morning show, but even them I'm sure if press for real on a dancer Aren't just gonna overlook the fact they ran we go back to that whole business like a year and a couple of months ago With that the spokesman on there in the morning show and couldn't handle the heat Which of course was all my fault and Christina more gets on air we had that somewhere do we still have that? I think we have that George I think we do oh My god Asked why we hosted the show today basically we were called yesterday Yeah, yeah, we got both I'll get to that and Goes out about how the morning guys word qualified to do the coach's show now granted They're not hockey experts by these yesterday imagination But they also have no vested because they're not on the Panther payroll at least two of them Not they have a don't have a vess interest to put their tongue up Brian's rectum folks from advance Yeah, they weren't qualified and they only began started after was really tough nasty questions After Neil Rogers came to the station according to Christina. I'll never forget that episode And then he goes on there in the morning and is personally screening the phone calls He goes into the per end of the per end of the production studio in the Control room and was personally screening the calls before they be put on a year To make sure that we can have a marshmallow toss for the spokesman in the middle of a grotesque horrendous scene the first of two in a row by the way Forgetting about the grotesque quality of his work. See you can't complain about his play by play because he doesn't do any Christina more And I think back to the seven months when I was off the year and most of the time take on out of this town But I think when Hank got suspended That one time Which had never have happened by the way nor he should if he had real balls Nor should he have ever allowed that to go on him or anis agent unacceptable Because he had the audacity he wasn't nice to some of Gregory's friends not to mention screw-in and the water not to hear But be that as it may that was his choice to accept and lose pale rich and be off the air for two weeks and be on the hot seat And I remember one day in particular I'm at home somebody calls. I don't want to say who wants his O turn on QA Right now Christina more is going off of the deep end And he's going on and on with books through there now one thing I'll say for book even though he's he's growing in more ways than one He's growing emotionally and he's also grown physically which That's the sad part but we'll get to that later The office pool is growing by the way, Boge put down the sandwich But I turn on the radio here's Christina I guess he would rehashing what he had already said about well, you know if they're upset about Hank and the Hank criticized the Wayne High Zinger or something about the state in there and the Food and the Senate and the Hisinga people are upset that what's gonna happen when he arrangers will be on the station and Christina's going on Oh, New Rogers will never be on to him. I'm gonna set tender right now. He'll never be on his station Well guess what it's April 16th 1999. I've been on a station now for like 15 and a half months We got the highest guy there. I'm rating the on the station in the time slot that you laid a big bomb Christina Including during the months when I was off the air. You still laid a big bomb How do you like that when they had when they had Grego is their competition and he still couldn't beat him Leggo my Greg oh, yeah Oh, I got lots to say about this the homo-sisting thing. Oh, yeah I on a one hand. I'm displeased that it's that high, but on the other hand I'm glad that that's where the problem is I got to work on my homo problem I feel really Asked why we hosted the show today basically we were called yesterday by the Pat there's front office and ask us if that we would we would do the show They wanted it to be I think more hockey related they wanted questions from people that know the game When these shows are done generally they're done by a play by play or an analyst person from the team that is Providing the coach when they are generally done and the reason they're generally not done and why there is no jim Leland call and show or Jimmy Johnson call and show or Pat Riley call and show This has been in fact you go around the country and there are very few of them they have to They're generally not done because hosts On the show tend to like to stir it up and make it personal rather than hockey related and We had nine calls today none of them made it personal of the nine and Brian took the nine calls and a few of them said the team's soft and when are you gonna quit or when are you gonna be fired? And that's to be expected but to me having a coachy show is better than having no coachy show and if you think you're gonna get Honest answers to every question That's like me coming in with your boss listening and you're standing next to your boss and I said you what do you think your boss? And you're gonna say always pretty good guy. I get along with them no matter what Because your job is on the line well Brian Murray has to work with these players He has to either trade these players or keep them same with his coaches He has to keep those coaches or not But there are no there are many questions on a coachy show that a coach cannot The fully fourth right about and that's life It does not make the show invalid it does give you an opportunity to say hey how the things going on in the minor leagues What are you looking at trade wise? Would you consider I mean? Very few coaches he got an out water for this but very few coaches when answer would you consider trading John van B's bro? He said yes, the yesterday morning the flyers denied that Roger Nielsen was gonna be their head coach Layers later who ours later he was her head coach you can get that if you want you can get you know flyout line But you're not going to get there are questions he can't answer if he thought and I have no idea This is an example a piece thought Scott Melody was doing a lousy job as captain He doesn't have the right to tell you that if he thought the assistant coaches were terrible He doesn't have the right to tell you that if he thought that Dave Gagne didn't try every night or or Robert Spala was spaking his back injury and none of these things are true All I'm saying is that no matter what a co-chastor protect his players and the people on his staff to a certain level And you've got to accept that as a listener now if you don't want to show don't listen to the show But I think you get a lot more out of these shows than if you had no show at all Right, but to think that you can get total honesty out of any corporate manager in any situation You're crazy happy with everyone of your employees mr. Manager well obviously not I'm not gonna come on there and say no I'm not happy with this guy in this guy He's got morale to worry about and he's got to deal with managing the team So I get important to note that and and to realize that now and then that this is not a dark board for Brian Murray And that the fact that he continues to come on and has agreed to come on is a plus for you and And regardless of who owes the show because I had nothing to do with the nine callers James and Mike and Tom and Tom and Mike and Rick and Luigi and Ira and Angel They called they said what they wanted and they left and that's the way the crew show is supposed to be so We don't apologize for doing the show for us will do the show again and if you don't like it Nothing much we can do about it, but it is your chance as listeners and as teams fans of the team to call in and talk and nine of you did and hopefully You got answers that were reasonable not that you have to stop not that you have to stop right But why not? I mean that was on the heels of one of the most embarrassing episodes I've ever had the opportunity to witness in my life in his business and boy if I see an investment in this business or what Lots of it, but that was that was right up there at the top of the list And here's the guy comes on here. It says basically what he's saying is the coach can't tell you the truth He's gonna lie to you. He can't really he's got to evade these Questions so what's the point of the whole thing in the first place? And did I actually hear Randy more there in the background suckin along with this? Oh Randy no wonder your hair's pulling out in clumps Embarrassing humiliating and degrading just unconscionable In Terry Murray I know Terry Ramsey or I just like his brother hates me like poison, but you know what good favor I did when he first came remember I met him those first couple of times when I thought he was a good guy Before I realized he was just another clone of the spokesman And I told him I said don't even think about doing that coachy show Because there's what's the point you know why do it? Said you know why I think you're right. I never did it and of course having gone through this last season again It would have been the same crap and it would have been all that paranoia and psychosis especially an organization that's so thin skin and tech Tantigity quit his is middle like the Panther organization Metahomany mistakes they make no matter how many bad trades they made no matter how many games they lost Whatever to help went on no matter how many screw-ups they were in the arena We've gone through a Saturday of the little tomorrow of the last game. We've gone through an entire season in a new arena $200 million of public money to build it and you still can't see the red light command when the goal is scored depending on where you're sitting In fact, there's some seed you can't see the one come on And little minor things like that Little minor things They don't seem to care about they don't care about the pan All they do is all they care about is posturing and posing and manipulating the people in the media these little underlings these lemons And trying to sell you all he's a project this one is a project and this one is a we got more I'll tell you even an overtime and not as many projects as we got on the Panther organization Chris well he scored any of this year no Come close no all these projects in the organization And this guy all he did was go in there and you know suck ass that's all he did And try to protect you know and then and then of course that part of the clip that I just played Doesn't have the part where we talked about the other guys being you know not qualified to do the coach your show He alluded to this Huh, but it wasn't he didn't mention that in there. Yeah They wanted somebody to do the show that he actually came out and said that another part of that wrap Well, I don't we don't have that part on tape, but he actually I remember him saying that And going on about the fact that well, you know they didn't used to be as uh as piercing and his top of a nose But only since the aridres came on a question and they you know all of a sudden it's changed them The whole world according to Christina Moore everything is bad because Neil is on the station I thought Neil was never gonna be on the station as what he said But then as long as he was everything bad that happened and it gets back to this very jackass column here and let me tell you say it again This is just another cluster fork that's all it is There is so little objective reporting of any kind in this town. It's pathetic. I mean almost none If you happen to be on the good side of whoever it is they'll write glowing stuff about you. They'll suck your ass And like I said Barry is basically not on the good side of almost anybody except Greg Reed who's got a he's got Greg's home phone number no less And Greg actually be turned Barry Jackson's call He's the only one in the world who gets a return call from Greg Reed is very jackass And the other one being Christina Moore Now did Barry jackass make any attempts until he decided to make a whole big song and answer about me in this article Did he make any attempt to contact me? Oh To talk to me about this? Oh, or do my opinions about Christina Moore? No, of course not Because Barry jackass you recall was the one who was being moaning the fact oh gee We're gonna be losing the fabulous sports babe Yeah The fabulous sports babe And those big numbers they used to have in midday here with no spots and Christina doing his sit down comedy And it's interesting in the 15 and I have months in the interlude in between that Barry jackass Never even mentions my name even though this is the all sports station You only time you mentioned one time very early on that we didn't carry some stupid sports press conference So meaning was Jimmy Johnson thing or whatever it hell it was and he got all psychotic about that He was outrages over the fact we work it in or up the highest rate of show on the station and it wasn't something important It was like that we do you know the Jimmy conference that we did carry when everybody thought it was gonna resign And Hank on this show broke the story ahead of time that he wasn't gonna resign Which also by the way didn't get mentioned in the Barry jackass's column since the Hank and I both hate him like poison and Exposing for what he is so actually he would never you know give us credit for anything other than I'm a bad guy It's never been so on according to Christina more Now let's let's examine what Christina says in here okay Neil is a very self is very self serving and what he elects to discuss You know that's interesting because I discuss everything and anything that I that I can think of anything I'll go around around me anything that's happening with the station anything having to do with things I'm interested in like the panthers and their broadcasts It's a really easy way to make a level of living the second gets all of the decisions people I can forget the good ones first of all. I have never questioned any of his decisions because I don't know what this isn't he make all I can tell you is like I said before You can't complain about his play by play because he doesn't do any And in the beginning with me it was only business not personal because I really didn't know them But then he decided to make it personal during the seven months that I was off the year He had a choice to going in either direction he could have just kept doing his show But as opposed to doing that he chose since I wasn't on the year to respond he chose to take every opportunity to take all the shots He possibly could And how could Neil Rogers becoming on this station and what's the big deal? And he isn't gonna fit in here and all the things he's gonna say about Wayne And guess what I still say Wayne's an asshole just like I said an IOD and he is an asshole and he's reviled by most of the people in this town And he sold them all in because he knew that nobody was gonna come to and build them another guy Damn state after he let him down the garden path and stabbed everybody in the back and sold out the team he knew that But it's Neil who's the bad guy because he won't suck Wayne's ball spot Well, guess what Barry here? I am 15 and a half months later and let me say we just had a trend come out a few days ago And we're still kicking ass even though it's all those guys light and the loafers that are filling out the diaries according to that one guy nevertheless Maybe Barry's getting some diaries huh because I know he's listening right now you a little fat Putwacker What I didn't say why not wasn't close to saying what you thought and that one time I was no I wasn't sure what the safe fat fart or little fat puttway next no difference you little chubby face piece of turd Pathetic I mean, you know it's really desperate when you got a suck Chris Morza, so okay, and no talent like that That's really desperation because he's one of the only people who'll talk to you in the media because everybody else is written you off as a second rate as a tenth rate and by the way Did Don smiley by the Marlon's yet Here's Barry's 850th story about how Don smiley's by the Marlon's it'll be official any second right on a front page of the prestigious arrow An Allen snel over there to Sun Sentinel trying to keep up neck and neck nose to know is every day with more information on the front page To the other paper That's the kind of tenth rate assholes we got right in stuff in this town tragic never gonna change Never ever gonna change because real sports writers real columnists real people to experience and professionalism and newspaper business They're not gonna come here not on your life not a chance So what do they do they are punks? They are kids fresh out of high school or kids out of like a junior college and they pay them you know 15 bucks to column or whatever And then they're supposed to they're they're experts Every single day more and more and more miss information in that newspaper What is what a joke what a far cry from the days when there were people who were actually believed to hear was like a major market newspaper Now it's just a pandering puff piece loaded with ad that's all it is Adds and misinformation That's God You and but 1. Right motion 2 5 6 2 2- charismatic and teams and withass I was thinking more on this morning. Obviously, long before I was on a way to work and got a chance to listen. And it's interesting because nobody, I come into work at this morning. I walk in the hallway and there's all three of the little dog and guilty and default. Who's getting fed around the minute standing there in the hallway and they're yuckin' it up and I'm talkin' about very jackass and about the comments and guilty's joking. I ain't like to be angliced, I said, yeah, I'm sure you had what he had to say, couldn't have been in the paper. Never with there any suggestion me that they were on that show this morning. Which haven't we, we're gonna have one spy report, but he couldn't hang on. But if there was any crossover between the two shows, there would have been a whole bunch of calls in here. To tell me that he not only was Christina Moore on with the worst in this morning, but they suck each other's ass heavy duty, which we have to take coming in a minute by the way. I can't wait to hear that. Cannot wait to hear this. Talk about having no self-respect at all. None. I'm glad that came that says that they weren't qualified to interview the spokesman, the hockey coach, and then agreed to come in and muscle his way out of the show to protect the coach and make sure that only marshmallows came in. Here's a spy report, hello. Yeah, I'm on up, I'm on up, I'm on a cut off. Anyway, yeah, I'm telling you, you got to send George up to check the wall. All the way, we're getting the tape now, we're getting it. You got it now? I said we're getting it. Oh, listen, I'm telling you, and guess who we recommended to replace him for the Panthers. You got it. Oh, I'm telling you the inspection was unbelievable. Oh, it was unbelievable. I almost drove off the road. You know, the funny thing about it is I was one of those calls. The Chris was talking about the nine calls he had when he did that show. Yeah. I was one of the guys he called and he said he's shot and what and he had the ball. He went with the first team and all that. I'm telling you, you know, get on there this morning and kiss but like he did. And then guys kiss and write back. I mean, it's a wonderful thing. There's no back bone among that trio in the morning. There's not even a hint of a backbone with those three. First off, why? Why do they need three guys to do that job? Well, I'm going to be today. I don't want to go back to that whole thing again. You know, but it's easy for D.P. to run around and build and be on hangs back. You know, throwing darts and hank and blaming him for whatever the efficiency sees and ratings of this radio station. But I mean, absolutely no back bone whatsoever. I have to have Christina more on there and the suck his ass after all the crap that went down. I mean, well, what's the point? The guys leave it here anyway. What is the point? What's the be game by that? Why isn't somebody among that trio have the co-hones to tell a like, I think, Golden had something to do with it. I'm telling you right now. But you do it. Well, of course he's talking to the job. He says, well, don't be hundreds of an answer. Sending takes in and all that. That's right. And you know something. Well, what we need is a real professional broadcaster who knows how to do hockey games and make the games exciting and knows how to give us the score. That was another one of the great things. Not only was the only. You turn on a radio, you know? Like if you're watching a game on TV and you went to the store and you came back a little bit late in the next period already started. You turn you'd be listening in your car and all you dumps down, dumps down. And you hear the sound of the skate to the back and the sound of all kind of crowd reactions. And there's no discussion of what's happening. And then you're thinking of at least telling me what the score is. And maybe you might hear, well, you know, it's a two to one game with five and a half minutes left in the period. Well, two to one who's got the one. What does that mean? It's a two to one game. I could do a whole week, which I won't waste your time. I could do a whole week describing in great detail, but it's patty obvious to anybody who understands the game even minimally. What a grotesque job this man did here for six years. And then when I find out that he succeeded Dale Arnold in New Jersey, then I understand why he lasted there five years. And in reading Dave Halberslam's book and reading about all the places that the devil's games have bounced around through and how when they were on WADC, even their playoff games got pre-empted for some some groupball shemusic show or whatever was. Nobody cares about the devil's, which is I guess why he was able to fake his way through there for five years. And down here, who the hell do I think about hockey? And I remember the first couple of years, there wasn't there weren't any of these cliches. But it was interesting, there was one guy on the year by the name of the New New Rogers, who used to play all those Mike Langclips. And when we got to that third year that glorious playoff year in all the way to the stand-up finals, it was that year that not a desperation and attempted to try to inject some kind of excitement into the game other than just droning on and all of a sudden start screaming when a goal was scored in coherently. Hot dog, half a board, all these things, all this cornball stew, pennies. That was all a desperate attempt to be like Mike Lang Jr. Which I talked about at the time, and I'd just be fresh your memory. That's why every now and then I'll play a clip on the year of the great broadcasts, who make the game exciting, who build a suspense, who keep you on the edge of your seat, who actually describe what's going on. Quarth is he trying to be sit down comedians, okay, I'm pressy with a great sense of humor, and their body language, as bad as it is. That's what we need down here, somebody who's like a real great announcer, who can, who can impart to the game the excitement that it deserves. Who are we in the lab, Chuck? To yeshing. I like to say yeshing, holding the clock, looking back at Tom, but it's just enough by bears and to get it out. Now bears and races after with a different crab chuck, put the plate onto a loathe. Still hasn't working, give it a check. Oh, my God! What a play! So good, fairies and praise the game, short handed. There you go. Here on the back of my neck is standing straight up. Did we ever get any of that in six years from this guy? Oh, well, but it's really easy to second guess. I'm not second guessing. I'm not first guessing because one thing about you, Christina, you were consistent all the way through. You're sucked in the beginning and you'll suck tomorrow night in the very last game. You just don't have it. You stink. And you're a bad guy on top of it. Seriously, you know, there are plenty of people that don't have a lot of talent, but they're good guys. But to also be a piece of turd as a person. And the reason that he's very, you know, it's interesting. He says he's a master at doing what he does. But then he turns right around if this quote from Burjak asks his right and who even knows. Turns right around in the same map paragraph and says, It's just stressing to me, his ratings are as high as they are. Well, it's just stressing because he's obsessed with me. Like Joey Reynolds was obsessed with me. What is there to be obsessed? What do I have to do with him? Other than I'm the one person in the town who knows the game and who had the balls in the form on the ear to point out to everybody how grotesque his performance was. In addition to which it's distressing that my ratings are so high because he was the one that preceded me on this radio station in this time slot and later big fat Friday. That's why it's distressing. He had an opportunity with me off the ear for seven months, seven months, again, it's great. Oh, and piece of crap that got fired over there at the stupid talk. And still couldn't get a number on this station. That's why it's distressing to him because he's got an ego problem. You know, why don't you work on your own, you know, wherever you're going to work whatever you're going to do. Work on your own job, try to improve yourself, try to better yourself about what you're doing instead of being paranoid about new Rogers. If I had a dollar for every ounce of paranoia that's been exerted by a whole bunch of people in the last 23 years about me in this town, I'd be wealthy. I wouldn't be sitting here right now. I'd be out there working my home, just being problem. Let's face it to make a long story short, Chris. You're suck. Okay. You're suck. You had to seven months when I was off the ear. He had the opportunity to like accept it gracefully. I didn't come looking for your job. I never approached Greg. Read, he approached my attorney. I was getting ready to sign for another five with a 60 year option with a passion people, which would have turned out okay because when I sold a clear channel, I would have had another window in a contract. I didn't come seeking this man's job. They sought me out and he resents that because he was a big dud on this station. Both in this play by play and that awful, god-awful midday show they had. You suck. Let's face it. Very simple. I wish you no ill but you suck. I love this show. Of the guru ship, of this that hits the slayer, you ship and it's very suck when you roll all dirty. You have to do it back with Jerry. It's a wooden ship and the spells are not like an RPG or a bad exploit. You die of this beast. It's all about the invisible beast. It's enough for the going for the sword. It's long and long and it's a round and it's a blade. Oh no! Why does everyone be too optimistic to explain? They don't serve low food when you get cheese. They do the back to you. They deserve it. Out the good shit. Mother's time! 1160 at 560 W to QAM. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Well this almost is the same man. This is where I'm going to be focusing my attention. Whatever rough you days I may have left now. 15.4. Bad number baby. Bad one. Thank god I insisted on that test. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Bad poop and Dan LeBastard and Greg Coax. They blow. But this very jackass I'm telling you. I'll never forget. I know Frank can never forgive him with that initial story. Once honey hurts past away and send you ready. Sir, you're absolutely wrong. You absolutely are just repeating stuff you heard. That was the report. The medical examiner is apologized the next day or the paramedics of Weber. He was just repeating false information that was given law. And as bad as very jackass is, that had nothing to do with him. Okay sir. So if you wanted to discuss that with Hank, be my guest. But you didn't hear that on the show because that's so not what happened. 560, 560, 560, 560, it's just amazing talking about suction. The lengths that people out there will go to to try to ingratiate themselves to agree. Even though they don't know what they're talking about. Like that guy. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the deer field. Hello. Do you feel? Hello. Still there. Okay. Well, say he waited too long. I moved my finger here. That's slow on. I hope 37 minutes this guy waited. He waited. I say hello. Hello. Let's go. There's slow again today. And it's Friday. It's the end of a tough week. We can your life. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. For a lot of Dale. Nobody there. Mobile and Co-Personity. A Carroll City. Where would they are? Hello. Mobile and Carroll City. Do you feel B? Hello. Yes, sir. I'm sorry to hear this first from you. Hey, listen. Black Neil Rogers-loving ball shader. Yeah. Benchid my ball since I was in college. I don't. I just don't get it. Actually, actually, what happened? I think it just totally grew to. It was a. It was a. It was a woman's jade. They're balls. It started off as kind of a prank between you and my girlfriend at the time. Yeah. We thought it would be kind of sexy for really shaving. And she did. And I literally didn't think much of it. I mean, it was smooth. All right. For that one experience. But then I found that as it started growing back, it's like hell. I couldn't stand it. Right. So I had to keep on shaving. And I've been shaving ever since. I've been working with a lot of growth back in all the way. And I've worked up on. I've been working with a lot of growth back in all the way. And I started getting rashes. And it just became really. Are you getting the rashes from the herd growing back? Yes. Yes. Because it was a chase. I was walking. I mean, it was a chase like hell. And I started getting like these red rashes. You have a little bit of fun tied from your one thigh. Probably. But it's one little loser. Hey, believe me. I'm not that well hung meal. All that stuff that I black guys is not truly. I know that. We thought like, okay. Good luck. You're a bell. Hey, listen. Neil. Yes, sir. Quick request. That farmer's song. Okay. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I do. I said, okay. Okay. Okay. See you. Quick. Bye. Five. What happened with this crowd here all of a sudden, huh? Somebody pulled their tongue out. 5. 6. 7. 0. 5. 60. Pound 5. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? Okay, sir. Hey, you know, I guess we're going to miss not hearing. Hello, my brother. How are you doing brother from Chris mora? Where do I do that? Well, that's what they always, how he reaches their quarters. Hello, my brother. I always wondered if he was running in alcoholic sonnonymous meeting. I remember back when you were on top of a convenience store. Yeah, well, you know, definitely. You've got to handle that. What's about it? I mean, I don't think he could even entertain the line at the convenience store. But I remember when he used to be on from 12 to 2 after the Bay. These guys after about 20 minutes would be scaring up calls. Hello, nobody's calling. What's the problem? That was the whole, well, I'm going to say. Why were doing that for 20 years? Well, the whole two hours of their show with why don't, why don't people call? I don't understand. When you run against Gregor, okay. I mean, I was offered seven months that they were doing this show. When you run against me, obviously, they had like no numbers. Which anybody would expect. But then I'm off the ear for some months getting paid to be on vacation. And they're on against Gregor. And they still couldn't get any numbers. And they still couldn't buy a phone call. And you know, in the last three or four months of their show was like the morning period about how all they would do is complain about the fact that W2AM was bringing on an evil home section on to the show. And now they couldn't understand it. And then they would get all these, you know, occasional sympathetic calls. Well, we feel sorry for you. And, you know, my brother because it was a success. It was a pathetic. And I'm glad they're gone. And hopefully, he'll get rid of goldstein, whatever his name is, too. Okay. They love your goldie. You'll be five-second gold, five-six, seven-05-60, Pomp five-60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Anyhow you're done. Okay, sir. Hey, I was trying to get through and I couldn't make it. It was saying a lot of some guy was talking that your radius were bogious and that your show was not that. You know, I think that's kind of BS. I appreciate your show and don't lack on me too much, but I kind of liked the guys in the morning, the first team and everything. And the guy needs to get a life and one more thing. If I hear one more thing about the dolphins and who the Japanese people get a life, we don't pick the players, just deal with it, go to the game, shut the hell up, I'll talk about the draft. I'm right. God bless you, sir. God bless you. There you go. There's a guy with a brain. Thank God, and see, I was going to say, I think I'll be over after tomorrow, but it won't be because then on Monday and for days and days to come out, then it'll be the post-mortem. See, it'll be dissecting the draft. Who did they get, who didn't they get, why didn't they get this one? How come this one went over there? How come martial folk went to the ranch? Bapapapapapap, they're already doing that, you know. But you know, at least it kills him a time, I guess. Not stopped that I want to listen to all of your idea that it kills time for people with no lives who are waiting for that. She alive to come in the mail. I think I've got to do this P on a score score, and maybe your life's spot will spur out of it, and the Tio life too. I think that's a hell of a good idea. Five six. Where is the spy reports? We still don't have the tape on that sucked ice on the morning show this morning. We must have some cross over here. There must be somebody who heard that's got a ball got a brain even if they shaved it and the ball too. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Mobile and Hollywood, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. I'll be the first to admit I don't know what I'm talking about, but that's all last you. Yeah. Am I hearing a promo for a new morning show before you the day-says says Coleman? I can't come in on. Okay, no, because I heard. I can't do anything about it. I can't do anything about it. Why can't the comment on that? Okay, that's fine. I just was confused. So maybe I hit the wrong station or something. What else they are? I just wanted to ask that. I didn't know and I wouldn't pretend and I'm not going to say I know something but I don't. Okay. Good day sir. Next morning's on 5.60 WQAM. We'll never be the day. Starting this Monday, it's the sub-colding show. Monday through Friday 6.10 a.m. Right before Neil. The sub-colding show. Only on 5.60 WQAM. Yeah, I don't know anything about it. 5.60, 5.60, pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I'll tell you, I guess we'll just have to wait until we get that to take because these people don't know anything about it. They must not listen to the worst team. The fact that Christina Moore was on there and they were sucking each other's ass after the number that he down them just over a year ago that grow test this graceful number. See when you don't have any self respect when you have no shame. I guess that's what Neil. How about developing a little bit of a backbone, okay? I'll just a little tiny one, little tiny bone. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay sir. You know, I don't want to flatter Christina by calling them an asshole. I think he's just a schmuck. Yeah. And I need an answer on something. How much could he be making doing these pants or broadcasts? I haven't got any ideas here. Why don't you call him up on ESPN and find out? Here's a mobile and four-loader Dale. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. I report first of all. Yes, I'm myself. We can go this past Thursday with Fat Al Goldstein. So we can first clap on a flight to La Garvacha. And he was oozing underneath the armrest and over the armrest. And he really was oozing. He needed both seats in first class. Of course. I was a salesman. What do you write down to these? We've got to be going about 240 these days. I mean, the plane took off, walked side it. And I would have thought whatever side that Al's sitting on the control. I asked him to look at the other side. We were looking down at the ground as we took off. Perfect, ridiculous. As far as almost 16 goes, 800 miles away. How many? 800 milligrams of far away today. And we'll cut your almost 16 levels to 800 milligrams of what? Forelic acid. Forelic acid. I'm already. I'm already. I paid sir. Listen to me. I'm trying to have conversations with people that they, the phone must be screwed up. Can you hear me okay? Yes. I take. I used to take one tablet. 400 micrograms. Now I'm taking 800 the book that I'm reading. It says, with my level, I should be taking 2,000 micrograms. That's 2 milligrams every day. Which I'll start taking immediately. Well, I don't think it's necessary. Well, I just want to say. The guy I'm reading, Dr. McCulley is the expert on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, on those, when they're in an, and when they're in an, on the, on the, on the, on the, on the, okay, I actually, over a quarter years ago, from some. Marble's home, publichip my mother, let's wait, on the, on the, on the, regular, eight, pass through her hand. And then there, in the, has come to he, right behind the, get a hole, on the big, twist, hollow, slinky, In the water there is on their marbles and sleeping then at half past four. Their team are young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled a per dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps is and white-bloop-beathed. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spit. While the boys in the far yard were shoveling, wrapped you in leather from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eye at the fellow, Down by the dark, in the black-dumb man with a side-of-all-home in the country with a big face out front. If he had to, unlike least she showed him her little pet dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she led to grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked down his candy so taped. He made a butterfly sky and then he spread with cream all over her coat. He said she had left out on her shelf. If they do so, 30, you can go to the store. 11.32.5.60, you're just going to shave your nuts. Okay, or both as the case may be. 5.670, 5.60, you're on the AT&T line. I guess we're going to have to wait on that tape. What was the problem? Did not go into the, didn't go into the thing? Yeah, didn't work. It didn't work. So we'll do it over here. Why don't want to miss that? At least a minute or two of it. Here that sucked past from the morning showed this morning. I want to hear what my own five years, the actual evidence of them sucking on each other's butt. It's just, no, it's not. It's not surprising to me. Why should I expect anybody on that show to the developer pair all of a sudden? Here's Miami, hello. Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Two things. I was kind of wondering, did you happen to see Channel 10 last night? No. They had an interesting thing on it was a, there's a whole expose, I had done by one of the reporters for a date line. And what it was was it was called sex drugs in the American freedom? Mm-hmm. What actually? You know what I've been freedom? Yeah, the American freedom. You know, I think it doesn't exist. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's the American fucking wing. Exactly. One of the things that kind of got me was that, um, Did you send me the facts about it? Because they're out of facts here about it. No, actually, I didn't. The thing that surprised me about it was the fact that they were actually sort of endorsing that sort of stuff. They were having all the thing about why don't we have gambling, isn't it? My right to lose my money, why don't we have like youth and then youth and Asia, why don't we have Procolutionary lies, all kinds of stuff. Yeah. And it was kind of interesting. And I was kind of surprised that they actually went ahead and had the balls to come on and say, You know, you maybe see what's saying these things. Oh, be saying. Well, yeah, all of these things. And, um, did the thing is, um, did you happen to catch the other day that the guy who, um, shut the park over in, um, the, uh, Panthers Arena went to court and sued them because he supposedly won a million bucks. So that's an old story. That's a long time ago. What had I thought he got the minute? No, he didn't. They actually are feeling it. They're appealing it? Yeah, they're appealing it. Well, I mean, more, more power to the guy because they gave him false information. And I would have had a heart attack if somebody told me I wanted to million. And then they said, oh, guess what? We were wrong. He didn't let it. And I was sitting at that end and did not go over the line. But I mean, you know, so give him a half of a million. Wayne, can I let it? Well, see what the deal is. The jury went ahead and took a look at it. What they said was that the board actually got in the way that, well, of course, it's supposed to. But they're, um, they're saying that supposedly what happened is the puck would have passed through. But somebody like moved it or something like that. No, they didn't. I was sitting right there. What happened? I was there that night. And I went to the ward, it told him, and now they're supposedly appealing it. I said given like 800,000 a call of day. Come on, look, we're putting a minor Lee cocky team on the ice, and you're asking Wayne to go ahead and. I said, give him to the box and let's have a great day. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, for a bald eight, that republic stock isn't worth a day's. What do you want? Leave him alone. He's having a rough time. Try to justify to with stockholders. And then all his buddies in that Florida Panther stock, which also went to, you know, he's got the mightest touch of me first these days, just like his hockey teams. Yeah. Good napping to a nicer guy. And poor John Henry, you know, everybody says he's a pretty good guy. Boy, did he get sucked in? I heard mad dog yesterday going on. What do you think John Henry's thinking now? Well, last night maybe feels a little bit better, but not much. They're going to lose a hundred games. They're not going to be drawn flies. He's going to lose 10, 15 million years easier. And we're not going to build a mess stadium anywhere. Not the public expenses. A mobile and so on. Hello. Yes sir. I got two who will be a storage for you? Go ahead. All right. Did you read the world of the hell? There was a $236,000 missing from the day county building office? No. Okay. Well, the $236,000 cash and checks from the county building of the poverty missing. And those story went down Miami last night. And you know, it was like three in the morning going home. And I see these four who you're speaking on these two white Jewish guys. They're being the hell out of them. Oh, they're probably one. Yeah. And now I call the cops. The cops came and of course not. How do you know the guys were Jewish? I saw one of the yellow cars. Oh. And they beat the hell out of these guys. Yeah. I called the cops. I had myself on on the other car. The cops came. They did like, we know urgency. What were the guys go? You know, they don't put the lights on. They're surfing around the road. Yeah. And it's just disgusting. It seems like no one cares. No one does anything. And now you got to know you got to get a soft photo to add to the man. Nobody cares. Just mind your own business. 560505060 on the AT&T line. Like I said, there is we've discovered today. There is zero crossover between the morning and the show. I mean, you know, what's the point of us doing that thing? I did yesterday. It killed four hours. It was pretty interesting. Give a lot of people chance to take some cheap shots. Which they love doing. But other than that, the waste of time. I'll put the very jackass column where it belongs. Write in the circle of file on the hell with it. Because these vats don't give a crap. So when we get back to the guy called to calls to go, so did you see the channel 10 thing? Were you telling me about it? Yes. Oh, it was great. It says everything you've been saying about this country was confirmed. The fact that the US is a police state where the government controls every aspect of your life. And the documentary they talked about, Sodom being illegal in oral sex as well. Which is part of Sodom, either way, for those who understand what that means. Also, if the government suspects you of drug trafficking, they have the right to ram your house doors down and create all the mayhem that you used to sing on TV without any warrant. And the spoke of a case where the police made a mistake. Read the house of a preacher, get my heart attack. He died and they said, oh, sorry, wrong house. Sorry. And it goes on. And they showed countries like Canada, especially Vancouver where they have the cannabis cafe. And people are allowed to smoke any cannabis. And the Canadian police were interviewed. They basically said, who cares what's the big deal? And the same of our prostitution, etc. And so on. Maybe this year we went to Amsterdam to find out what the real world is all about. But you know, people are conditioned. That's the way it works. They conditioned people into accepting a police state. Hashtagning people, harassing people. Which is why we're smoking weed in here today, by the way. We'll have no effect on your homo system level. So we're going to be locking the door in about 12 30 in smoking a few numbers near. A few several. A bunch of tallie grudges. There you go. 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. You think he shaved his phone? Mornings on 560 WQAM. We'll never be this aim. Starting this Monday. It's the sunny Fox and Greg Buodell happy hour review. Monday through Friday 6 to 10 a.m. Only on 560 WQAM premium beer. You sound a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red cock. Red cock's foamy head will lead you breathless. Red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. It's 1143 at 560 WQAM. The headgober show out at the adult and camp. How do you like that? Are you ready for that? Are you ready? No. He's coming on anyway. Two o'clock. Let's get you prepared for the big draft tomorrow. Are you ready for the big draft? No. And then we got talking baseball done. It'd be a surciaclock 60 to Marlins in the Affilius. With a pregame show. Are you ready for? I won't even ask. Here is a South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. You know, how are you? I have some things I want to come in front. Yeah. About three weeks ago, we were talking about who we think might be fags or not. About those people when you go like into a pretty high class store like sex with savonnier or something. It's always looked kind of quirish to me, you know. In sex? Yeah. They come to help you. Can I help you? And you're like, you know, away from me. You know, second thing. I shave my ass. Yeah. Maybe that's why it's showing. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'll tell you the comprehension of some of the people is unbelievable. What they said on the news report on the show about the guy with the money. The defense of the Panthers tried to show where the puck went all the way through the other places in Pittsburgh and everything else. Yeah. And what the defense did was they reported by showing that those boards were tied to the post. The way that the defense anybody moved the board at the Panthers. They just said that the way that it was, it was tilted forward and the jury when they called for the evidence, they went to the determination that the puck couldn't have gone through. Further boards were tilted and it stopped the puck. I mean, probably used it in goal a part of the year. Yeah. And then the other thing was that they were dissecting the rules. And it doesn't say it didn't see anywhere in the rules that the puck must go all the way through and cross the line. Only that a musco went to that hole at some degree. So that was the whole thing. I think the guy's a money and cut the crap already. Yeah, just over the aggravation they gave him. But because I was there and they, they're all jumping up and down. You won. You won and they're screaming on the PSU. And you know that. But I don't think he was unbelievable. So I think if they put you through that, then they got to give you the middle. I agree with you. As opposed to saying, old swimmer, mistake you lose. I would agree with you. And you too. Give them a F and money. Okay, Wayne, you cheap prick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it. Again, what they ought to do is give like an IOU and say when Greg read, give this money from the Marlins from last year. It will give you. When he gives us the two million, it will give you half of it. That's our pull question by the way. Who's going to get the money first? The guy who shot the puck through the thing there in the contest or as Wayne going to get the money from Greg read. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. This is a puzzling question to me. I was just pondering that, you know, they say you do a drip. They say, what? Yeah, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it. 18, T, White, and it gives the puzzle a contingent user. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. I heard that Christine in the corner. Yeah, you're the one. I'm the one. And it was pretty bad. That's really bad. He was a good idea for you. And he endorses goldie to take over the rain. Absolutely, unaccepted. I mean, he did. He did an adequate job under difficult circumstances. Fill in in there. They don't need to be training and bringing somebody, and they need to bring in somebody who's experiencing, who really understands the game of commit exciting. That's just. Some beginner. Some punk. Yeah, that's right. But you know, they played about two minutes of all his highlights. You know, it was crazy. You know, the gratitude. Whoa. I'm in the line. Are you serious? Yeah, I played about 2 minutes of it. I just about playing. I want to. Yep, that's right. And you know, he said it's the greatest job in the world down here. And you know, he's sorry to leave with, but you know, he got a move on. He said so. Yeah. I think it was mutual too, by the way. I think it was like, oh, you're leaving Chris while we'll pack your sandwich. I'm glad to see him go. Because every time I listen to the game, he'd never give the score before he go to a break. And that used to drive me nuts. If you get a score before he never described the action, but other than that, he was chintelating. You know, it's a story that gets up to the, you know, it's a story real quick or something you want to hear. Here what the score for game is. Yeah. You know, you be sitting in a park a lot of way to come back on. Is it trying to find out the score? I never liked him. I hope he never gets another job. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news. I'll pass it along. Hope you never get another job. The guy said Chris. 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 600 open lines here for a minute there. A little about half an hour ago. I thought we actually had this audience on crank today. But little didn't we know. All the way, sure, no, but little did I know. Miami Lake, hello. Chris sucks. And you okay. Here's the my last call of the mobile and for waterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Got this Spanish lesson for the day. Okay. That's it. That's the end of our calls for the day. Nice being with you. And this guy was telling me before that. So, one thing I'll defend Chris Dean and we're on the faculty was on here in the way between noon and two every day. Said he was begging for calls. Why shouldn't he be? I heard Hank the other day when he was out there at Shulers. No calls. And this is like two days before the draft two or three days before the draft. On the draft the sixth station. That's that's this town. I'm not going to change it. I can't manipulate it. I've been trying for a hundred years here. It's never going to change. One dead head after another. They just like an endless string of dead heads. They bring him in from parts of the world that haven't been invented. It haven't discovered yet. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And as far as the Panther people, you know, I remember last it was in February. I think when that whole Buh-Hah started over the coach show with the spokesman. And it's been the same ever since I've been on the air here. The only exception was when all the front running phony jumped on the bandwagon three years ago when they had the big playoff run. Then all of a sudden everybody was on the bandwagon. That's all they wanted to talk about. We were playing the song with Jolane. We love you. I bet you all I crap. But I couldn't drop up any conversation about it. Then there's no interest. So what's the point? I mean Chris Moore leaving us about as much of a piece of news as my little dog. He dropped a very small one in my front room this morning. Okay. Then they're on a par with each other. That's how much these people care. They don't give a crap. It's not a part of their lives. They have no interest. No comprehension. They'll understand each no interest. There was each shave in each other's balls. Okay. Don't you understand or to get it? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Any eye don. I wanted to mention about your blood test you had taken. Yes. I had high triglycerides. And when I was a kid in my house and there were little blood tests for life insurance policy. So it was a little high and I said let me go get a physical because I was turning 40 years old. When did a physical make such a test again and it was up to 800? Jesus Christ. I say wait a minute. So the doctor right away described me some medicine to bring it down. Well I was in the keys at the time. So I said wait a minute. I just want to get on this medicine for no reason. Let's take it the third time and see what's going on. So I did not take the medicine. I went back to the third time. It came out as a 90 reading. So it was like a little over 100 or 100 feet. Up to 800 down to 90. Yeah. And she's actually saying, good job. The medicine is working. You're back in line. I sure read me. I'm not taking the medicine. I waited for the third test to just see. So I went ahead and went to see a cardiologist. And I did a stress test. Did everything. And he just called me a day and for the fourth test. He had me got a little off. It'll take the fourth test. Yeah. Because the other tests were out of a lap. The results could have been, you know, bad because we're a good second. So yeah. He said the fourth test were fine. So. Well, I had before it turned out. I've done everything turned out okay. But I have no doubts about the veracity of these test results. I have a homo problem. I have to bring my homo levels down a little bit. One thing to be a homo. That's okay. But too much of a homo is. No good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT. So what did I just say anyway? Are we paying any attention? Don't worry. Be chill. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I was listening to Manage yesterday. FD were done. Oh, right. Exactly. And there was some guy in the common bill. I guess he called Manage just so quiet a bit. Well, that's the walker. That's Richard. That's not Bill. I heard that. I've been taking this office. I got back in the car. And that's Richard from the A1 Escort. It's right from the I'm Neil Prost, the two occupants. He was talking to Charlie Nic about the. That's actually the State. I know, my name is Matt Payno. Why did they let him on here on this station? This station's got the worst screeners on the other shows on here. They let all these chronic people on all the time. How could that guy be on this station? And I just want to say, I've told you in the walker. I'm on the Oh Richard, okay, how about using your real name, okay. Why you're not out there walking, this game full of art, for whatever drugs may be left over okay Richard you pervert you know what I want to get go you might be all the above but uh... it what i want to see what managed to do them down and i know that uh... manages your friend and everything but this will never be all i heard what he said he said he's had been and developed about it said it once a long but he was talking to if you're heard earlier his comments about how john Henry isn't going to get a statement very unlikely in about how he's been a loose ten million dollars and about how what he must be thinking now of his brilliant investment yeah i thought it was i really can't be any support in this time for one time of tax money going to build a statement that you remember john Henry said i mean a lot of people say a lot of things but he said why he was tried to buy the team that he would hope that he'd get some assistance uh... in the building of stadium but if not he was prepared to buy the team and to build a dome stating remember that i agree that would have said i don't here prepared put off or show up that's what i say i don't it would have been something even if they do build a dome stadium there's still not gonna drop by and there's still gonna lose the rest right i don't care if they build a uh... romicolica and i have the news for it richer the walker that you talking about he can afford a sitting of the teachers okay but what about the key rooms and what they you'll see in there okay i'm out there okay give a big kiss say peter Clayton says hi remember Peter five six seven five six seven five six eight remember that Peter Peter pumpkin here well this is Peter Clayton here five six seven five fifty five fifty on the eighteen tequila's line two story here's the davie hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir what does it stop each of the day and i walked into a coffee shop down there and uh... could both of the guys that were working there with just i mean i'm not a uh... a fact bash or a homophobic or anything like that but these guys were so weird i mean it was just and they're making the disgusting you know i would say the same thing for a guy with mr macho man you know too much of anything is bad what do you think you know what do i think about what about you know i think i think you ought to stay away from south beach if you don't want to find uh... austenatious godly queen then probably stay away from south beach that that's my suggestion what do i think in other words don't you agree when you agree with me uh... no no i don't go to south beach how about you sir what were you looking for there were you looking for some muscle bound uh... boys is that what was i mean other johnny vs. he is gone they know the accostata be clear that would be a better pickin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the uh... eighty and two wireless line oh boy we got a crowd today or what uh he got a crowd uh yeah name must be my homo system acting up again a lot of people in the audience after that blood test result come as he we always told that you'll have a homo problem and i must confess you were right i have got a homo problem god dang it thanks for being with us well first off uh defa i think dotting brand if i ever need to resume take put together i'm gonna call dotting that was pretty nice a christissa this will be your i guess your last game uh... tomorrow night and uh... it's amazing you all you're here from the start tomorrow night be your last game and all that little plot buried jackson wants to do is like see who light shins doesn't like it's real nice i mean it's just a real good media stuff that he's right now i didn't see it i don't know why would you talk to me sit and rift you he's he's you talk about guys rift you for six years yeah i know it but you know a lot of people who is going to be a real good for six years what you're going to do you know part of the business if you don't want to take the heat cannot be catching and and uh... you know i'm real happy with the way the six years land and i'm real happy with uh you know the job and and the people i worked with and uh and almost everything about it so you know the people that that uh choose to criticize or make it you know make it part of the fun of it uh you know that's up to them is not that you could do about that and and uh you know every decision i made was a decision i made because i thought i was doing the best thing so that's all you can do as long as you you know you think it out and think that your style is a style that is uh uh gonna be fun to listen to and gonna be uh enjoyable to listen to regardless of the outcome of the game that's all you can do and and uh everybody has to write their opinion outside of that you inspired a lot of people and brought them to the radio air waves so with your calls during that Stanley cover on which was phenomenal what was that experience like the u-christ all clearly you know the photo most fun i had i mean uh in sparring and i thought i'm like it and that building you know really what you do sorry about i guess uh not not not could do so do a lot of other good moments suck up y'all that were all together and in their tight and uh you know they're just uh we could say you know we're going to be a real man from being out there cover by even obviously goldie uh in terms of what i'm doing interviews now the top of that you know it's cordoned off it's separate you know everything goes on in a certain little area and you don't see the people you used to see in terms of uh uh you know just interaction day to day uh it was much more of a family type atmosphere back then you know we were sort of a little cult team and the people that like this like this and we all sort of hung out together and we all had to make that long drive down to Miami arena and then we're all the one last place now it's different so everything about working down there at that time really was perfect there's a perfect place to start a franchise and a small building and and uh loud building and and great enthusiasm it was great fun now let's go through these guys that you work with now because you got the absolute lack of case now and molar but you go back moina hand and started and then you went around and then you went to Chevriet and now Moira how about these guys that uh you work with over the 60s all different guys you know and all all great I mean really the morning morning like morning was he had some classics the best was the mollins afterwards when people would ask himself about the game if you didn't know he just say nah I want to work with him yeah I can't tell you what you're doing with your skillet time I can't tell what a suck up job that oh guys this is the same guy that talked about how these guys were incompetent had nobody's doing a co-tree show couldn't interview the spokesman and just ripped him in as and about how they'd nest well it's a good thing you see because uh I've been here 15 and a half months now and now they're not so nasty anymore so maybe they maybe they learn their lesson maybe they stop trying to be like me and be a son of a bitch and now they just want to be a bunch of suckles okay because god almighty what a suck up job that was man kind of thing to do making decisions okay making decisions either you've got it or you don't have it it Chris you don't have it you suck you're embarrassing and then the default getting on the building up all the excitement how can you build up excitement you're not describing what's going on build up excitement my ass what did this man ever say that raised the enthusiasm level besides screaming hysterically and incoherently out of nowhere after mumbling mub dumps down loves a you know that's how you call a game no any sport no dumps down that's what I'm ready to do right now dump down I like just like at the eating center dump down on the floor after hearing that after hearing that suck job from those three turds you know something that makes me even angrier would be full you just let me know next time it comes running around this joint talk about Hank okay Hank has got his thing you know he's just like all of us as he's far from perfect we all have our imperfections but thank Goldberg show is heads and shoulders above that morning show okay I'm not saying Hank never kisses any cottage she's asked because he's been on to do that on occasion but to make a comparison between the Hank Goldberg show and this is a ass fucking fest in the morning that was it that was disgusting nauseating and then here Gildian chirping his way too and I'm gonna be saying you make it on the mb morning yeah yeah god dump down right down your leg right on your shoes yeah now in the other foot thank you god almighty well a suck up job that one that's right little dog how come got a guy like him you know next job he's the shower with the guys turned into such a suckhold you know is it that big head could that be the reason huh always thought he was a pretty good guy little dog you know but what I maybe it's working with the other two that's uh turn them into that because every now and then in the past he used to be the one the one guy you could count on light like stepbo you know step out of line here because he was not the payroll for the spokesman and the ball the etc and you could count on him maybe to but I remember shortly after that whole episode last year he goes step right in line changed his tune real fast here's pointin b channel yeah yes sir I agree with you this is the crisp more what a jerk I don't understand how this guy you can get on and not only that you talk about the first team I mean I want to tell you I tried listening to them once yeah for a week and how long we're in the hospital I thought I mean these guys have no credibility yeah I mean anything they say you can't believe and you're exactly right they told a company line they were afraid to say anything controversial they were afraid to say somebody's not playing you know up to what the expectations I mean everything is kissed this kissed that and then you got them out rush more head all he wants those find that who's getting laid right that sex life is all about that's right okay and it's ridiculous I mean I it's to the point I listen to that right I listen to Rick and so did a big one vacation I'm so desperate I turn our iniri I got the help of boger that don't go I'm with you I mean it's it's crazy who go boger yeah hey listen what are the things yeah once then you haven't played in a long time okay why I'm dunking donuts all right okay you be gotten it okay yeah scored scored oh there's winner I do an in scored scored who go boger five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one I mean yeah I'll they can put on whoever they want they want to kiss his ass because he's going away you know and then probably Monday after he's out of town and they'll be telling you the real truth about how he sucked I think we'll do that they don't have the balls to say that to let a guy come in there and I realize he was directed to do it but nevertheless he didn't have to go out of his way to make the extra comments about they were on qualified to do the coach your show and they were there so they were that and then they still bring him on there and suck up to him that's the epitome of having no self respect those three in a morning no self respect none zero zippity doodah shame on you three are you in the message no here's Miami hello any idea okay sir one time first time near I've been listening to show a past couple hours and I'm surprised that no one has co-ed in to talk about the retirement or the great one I wanted to get you close on that I talked about it over there's been no comment about that I saw the last part of the audible game last night I saw that unbelievable and even as much as I can't stand gritsky it was a very emotional thing I even taped it I watched it again this morning and it went on and on it came off for like about four curtain calls there they wouldn't let him leave it was it was spectacular it was great it really was but I wanted to I wanted to let it there's not one call you wanted to why there wasn't one call if Wayne Gretcky walked into their house right now there aren't five people in the audience would even know who he was that's right even with the number ninety nine of the van the uniform on there still wouldn't know who he was that's how much of a hockey town this is yeah you may have pointed but I want to know why you can tell my no you call me he knows everything right he just always used to kill a leaf you know that's that's the way it is when players that kill your team you just develop a dislike form yeah that's true plus plus I didn't like the fact that he was such a pussy you know he never could take a hit every time he'd get hit he put his hand over his head helmet you know that that panty helmet he wears and he'd go off to the bed you he was a dirty player but he could dish it out but he never could take a hit and the most of the things would stand around and watch him and they wouldn't hit him and every time I see him playing in a game like when the ranges would come down here I'd be screaming hit him somebody you know you know I'm saying but there's no question he's one of the four or five greatest whoever played a game or five you have to say you wouldn't say one no I'd say Bobby or I would say my real immune and Gordie how and Wayne Gretcky but definitely Bobby or number one but to see that he had more assist than the next guy but Bobby or returned at the age of 30 because they must up his knee and the end of the defense man oh yeah they're never going to break a lot of Wayne's record there's no question I saw a tribute they had on a man's fortune and I couldn't believe that they actually showed an image where he dropped his gloves I it was when he played with them and I couldn't believe it I had never seen a man who was looking at it close because you won't see it again you're all I'm saying and by the way ESP had his gun not starting on Sunday night at nine until Monday at seven o'clock they were in 22 hours of tribute to Gretcky so get plenty of CPUNITY older clips yeah I got a shameless request yes sir that bit you have about the woman obsessing over the big deck okay all right thanks a lot and have a great day good bye Wayne Gretcky oh there you go there's another one so many people are going one good bye Chris moron oh boy both of Ryan B. busy all we came on wondering what what am I gonna do Tom Showman dad they don't know me they may not know you but I sure the first three cuts on his new number one of five on said like comedy all got a B.D. on him as in bulk of Ryan bird brain and I'm not gonna miss any meals broker just calm down and they're stopping so God in the pressing the pressing I'm gonna pass off to the top of the key taken by Julia stripes I want to go like this I want it with me yes it's the doctor and when I want to fast break on the usual breakfast routine there's only one place for me Sam Duncan don't know check out the old garlander they got Dale Dawkins check the thunder don't know we'll chairman a finger roll and even Moses Malone one handed jam field don't know hmm hey dad how about a box that one to go yeah baby and give me a cup of coffee no one medium one oh hello do one hello do you want the no Korean please oh that's bad so make your best move to slam Duncan don't know we stop our food in your face wow what a nice that thing I love his deck it's so big I think my bigger I've seen your deck it's not bigger when did you show you his deck over it is out I was on his deck you wrote his deck it was before your deck your deck is thicker my deck was pretty firm then you had a rock hard deck it's softer now when we got his deck one summer for how long did you want to at the time my deck bigger what is it with you guys in your deck how many decks have you been on does it matter you just can't get enough deck can't you yours is the biggest and the best okay I'm gonna see you love my deck oh let me kiss it I'm gonna kiss you back oh yeah this my deck baby and stroke it uh rub my deck this is really kinky what I've never seen a woman crime on another man's deck and rub his heart deck and stroke his word that didn't turn you on you never did that to my deck I let his deck oh yeah baby stuck my deck oh yeah love my deck deck sucker oh what splinter just swallow never spit it out girls love big heart decks on a man girls don't like tiny rough decks big thick decks available at six decks see your yellow pages. from 17 at 560 WCM but by the way just found out just somebody facts me some very interesting information you wanted to lie to a custodled decided to shave is nuts and nothing to do with his girlfriend. cocastell will be hosting the auto racing show tomorrow and every Saturday 6 to 7 a.m on his show guess uh guess who we heard shaved is nuts rumour Jeff Gordon how do you like that that's just a rumor we're talking about monkey seam monkey shave on freaking believable then who was it who's the other one was that clearance just a trend clearance no raiser talk about impressionable people heard about the conversation we had here yesterday because joca stell shave is nuts and we found out Tommy shave's his and Carlo shave's his and this one's you and all these guys here in the building shave they're nuts so uh clearance not wanting to be left out I guess odd man out he went home and just they're kind of given the trim and his nuts too don't try don't try don't try don't don't boy probably 18 at 560 WCM here's a mobile in boi and v cello hello Neo yes sir what is it that you have against black people okay here's a Hollywood hello that fits right in Hollywood yes yes I want to be feasible to build a hockey gold made out of plastic loose height that you could put knee on inside so when gold and in the whole frame of the gold would light up yeah there you go we can use that and think of my work and and the heaven i stay oh boy 560 560 we got 600 open lines for you here no waiting 560 560 and 560 on the mobile one line were we talking about black people today oh not that I could recall until I'd jackball called a second ago maybe answer your own question sir here's Hollywood hello Neo yes sir how you doing okay uh said day in the will the hockey yeah this one gratsky thing is kind of no I'm not said at all why not I mean it's a great no I'm not in the middle I hate him like poison it's a big story but I'm not sad I mean you know he's not going out like a clown like a lot of guys do he's going out while he's still you know how to go here and that's the way to do it right but you get a big guy that hang on and hang on like stand musiel did I mean you know 10 Williams left at the top of the game stand musiel hung around way after his welcome was a war now when he was finished you know right the win gratsky saw a lot off of the game and lots of her team that wants to sign him and you know the game is going to suffer because now you got guys you know you still got a weird one you got to understand just like Mary I mean Mary also had the hotkins disease but a lot of these players don't want to continue because of what the game has become clutching grab clutching grab the great players can't really do what they're capable to do and it's really killing the game and of course Gary betman and all these other guys they're a sit back like they're a constipated they don't get it and you know they want they want to do increase the scoring this year so instead of getting rid of that stupid toe in the crease rule which are Brian Murray by the way is one of the great proponents of that they leave it in there can you imagine how many more goals we'd have it linked this year if they would have got rid of that stupid rule sure but you know the one thing actually is watching us piano and all the other shows you seeing all these highlights of gratsky in the past right in the past and it keeps on that one goal where they it's not to puck off Alex state and leave for nineteen ninety three I don't want to see it that but you know if they don't you know what you don't know if you're in Doug Gilmore exactly now I know we're getting a five-minute major for doing that right and he ends up being there in overtime all scoring the winning girl that's right I want you to lower my hate when gratsky because it was a dirty player but he couldn't take a hit himself yeah that's that's the one thing I don't like about it but anyway let me ask you a question and then he banks in that goal of davial escape there in a landscape not to make me want to but but he always did that he was a leaf killer one man the working crew let me ask you a question where is it a good place to watch a game that's another leisure in the playoffs this year we're going to go watching the game that uh borrowered by pop at a park what's it called yeah uh anything in Hollywood uh and Hollywood somebody or calling all right I don't know something you're called all right okay somebody or call a those games will be on the cbca i mean christina more will be doing a playoff hockey will sing oh no five six seven oh five six eight pound five six the on a mobile one line i mean talking talking hockey in soft Florida would be like talking about how of all at the north pool it would be like going to India and talking about uh adults control your you know i mean what what's the point what is the point breaks my heart tears my kishki's out but it is never going to change unless of course maybe the bring a radio guy in here we'll really make it exciting and really get people into it like you know at a really visceral level as they say and like uh they want to know more about it they're really they'll really eat live and breathe it and sleep it here's a mobile and baby hello hi any idea uh Hollywood out uh what is that uh Oakwood Plaza oh i have no idea or is that it's on uh all right off of 95 between shirt and and sterling it spans the entire mile length okay that road okay well there he goes there you go and uh trawl hockey fans all two of them go Panthers is always next year no okay always next year excellent uh whatever that means five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty on the mobile one line there's always next year baby just like i said last year there's always next year and now that was this year but tomorrow that's all over the month gonna be there tomorrow night oh whoever gave the tickets to enjoy have a great time if that's possible anybody want my tickets for tomorrow night's game are we gonna get more you sorry here's a mobile in north Miami hello hey no yes sir uh look that's it you're helping these guys on the first team in the morning you know why keep talking about them and the people that are calling in to complain about them yeah i said a listen until it's in call in and and talk to you and i think you're helping them stop right now i i mean stop and they're crossing me both every time that the other shows on this station don't do well on the ratings it costs me bonus money i'm doing my work yeah it's been part of our bonus we have a bonus for our own rating and then there's a secondary bonus for how the overall station does with a new one help oh that's good that you like it that's right there's a number of my man there's two men in the even on that's right one more thing i want to sum up the draft yes sir often pick Eric summer oh yeah exactly oh i'm so glad this guy called i was thinking coming to work to the yesterday morning they were back on that draft garbage again of course and i was thinking of that day that the faceless voiceless personalityless josegaki cheers agakki stock so carry okay on io d i'm sitting there that they and remember in those days they used to interrupt even during the week they didn't interrupt the show like a noon and the various times during the day for these reports from dolphin camp and breathless and i can remember the day hearing josegaki's voice come to that little speaker saying and Eric cummero is gonna line up for the dolphin and i thought yeah anybody seen Eric cummero lately no i mean let's stop stop stop stop with the insanity okay get a freaking life sports nerds and the idiots that they feed yeah i'm writing a book you know how best to write about the sportscasters sports nerds like cheers agakki yeah there's a good one i mean how you you you ask yourself you look at him on tv with the face that even a mother could hate like poison and with just a total with that bland doll sound of his that 50 cycle tone and you wonder how can this man be on the air how is this possible here's a man who owes points to the personality column he's a broadcaster is he a low let's see that makes me a bad guy because i'm not part of this fraternity where they all suck each other's ass you know like i'm gonna like Christine is worried about how they were all great john morning hand john morning hand was great john morning hand here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil how are you great got to ask if you saw that great interview between rim job and uh built to read the other night no well toy had just gone on ranting and raving but how much improvement they're gonna do in the off season i saw interviewing uh BM the spokesman i didn't see a built interview built or you just before the game that unfortunately you had to attend anyways you went on and on and they're gonna bring in this guy and they're gonna go after this guy and they're gonna make internal to the management you mentioned names no we didn't think that we're going to do internal moves or we're gonna do external moves and rim job takes a look at toy and he says to him and i swear to god he says that do you think you're gonna be active in the free agent market and toy had gone on for 10 minutes about how active they're gonna be this summer toy just staring at rim are going is there a brain inside that maybe he was maybe rimmer was noting off during his uh you know any chance you have that Joe Bowen call of Nikolai Boyer chef do you call over the red one? I don't I never had that I have a Bob Cole's call when I go which is very weak by the way well the Joe Bowen call is the best call you ever made no I I well I can't single one out I mean every call he makes a spectacular which is hard to say but uh I don't have that one I remember on the Doug Joe Moore call on the overtime goal against St. Louis and the playoffs in the first game when he circled around Kudel when he will find that and he went one way and went the other way now Bob Cole because the crowd went so nuts and the CBC uses more crowd noise I mean you couldn't hear Rob Cole at all but Joe Bowen's call on that was uh it's spectacular I have that somewhere well Joe Joe Bowen calls authority that he was at Joe Lewis arena and you know there that their pressbox is right in the middle of the stand yeah and these guys were screaming at him all game how bad the Leafs were yeah and then when Worshuff gets for the goal he leans into some red wings ear and just started screaming bloody hell I would definitely try and get back with the fan in Toronto plays it all the time okay I'll get it all ready thanks that's my good buddy Joe he's the best baby hey the good play the follow the play now on long shot private dead not to the well get to the head it's dinner for peril to the line with the shagger yeah the peril from the fly it's one thing to a lot of I mean he's no Chris Moore you know 27 past noon at 5.60 QM I'll tell you Jeff Cohen ain't no Chris Moore either thank God he's a real man a real guy with a ponytail I was taking yesterday you know ponytails I always thought we're kind of like a say he thinks but all the guy I and people I know with ponytails are like a real man like Woody Graver Jeff Cohen Tommy well we didn't know about that I don't do my job as well when I'm constantly as I can't live I'm walking in my pocket it's my bag of a bag and can't stay watered in it's on the radio but it's a long edge I found out it's power I can now it's 14 and putting the bathroom room on the cover of the bathroom sink my mother bar dance I always thought I've been somewhere else he said you're gonna go blind if you keep touching yourself oh right now I'm lazy lazy lazy I'm just going back to my room and then going back to over all the my girl they see the boom so now I'm stuck walking my cheese printed porn my mother said hell I'm gonna redline that above a woman's gore she's coming so I don't cross your eyes a little thick and skin you're gonna go blind if you keep touching yourself hey I'm constantly now and thank you for me now I'm in order and a little more wide it's hard to see where I'm using as a y'all pan ah good book that's matter bakers a sin again he's floating my fucking room it's a personal question not already sin then I should come go and just block and spray that on go blind from always touching my to myself I guess if it goes to church it probably a 1234 at the 560 W to QAM it's a lot of cheaper than putting money in there 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line here's a fact from Rick by the way since I did not watch the report in ABC last night but a time for midyear a few months ago I saw report also in ABC about the US government attitude toward marijuana is supposed to be permissive attitude in Europe and Canada reporter interviewed our dogs our drugs our dogs our very macafrety who stated the only reason people use marijuana is for the effect the reporter said when I come home from work I have a glass or two of scotch because it gives me a buzz and helps me to on wine yet alcohol is legal the drugs are responded if you're drinking scotch in order to get a buzz then you have a problem he was to say I've never been more proud to be an American not says Rick that's right we know that nobody drinks scotch to get a buzz they'd make it cause it tastes so good there you go bourbon that tastes pretty good right whisking and they don't drink it to get no buzz that tastes good man like tiger's court stuff and that no alcoholic beer sure does sell right oh that's good 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile in life got 600 open lines here an hour and 25 minutes before hang from dolphin camp my left have some draft talk let's talk to some people who will not watch the draft who will not listen to the draft and couldn't give a flying crap less about the draft you think we'll get any of those today no here's Miami hello Miami? no yes sir you listen to me you bastard yeah you listen to me you bastard he said you bastard yeah you bastard here's a mobile in boit and V. Chillah hey are you doing it 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line time to get some music I've had a pretty active week you're all week we don't want over do it they don't want over do it I gotta work at my homo assisting problem here's a mobile in Hollywood hello yes sir how are you doing Neil Eric Cumwell no worries that coaching a team wall for fembert lake great good place for him he had his Eric Cumwell it's gonna line up for the dolphin don't run hey Eric how are you all? he's gonna keep on that he's going one one yeah yeah good job you play on not you you play with him got smoked canvas okay thank you sir you've got it bye bye yeah they're all getting the weed out of today of course we've been smoking in here for last 40 minutes nobody knows about it and I just keep it quiet keep it under your under your lid you can live under it 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line as we search one more time for anybody with a brain even with little piece of a brain anybody with something to say about anything in the world here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil got yes sir it's amazing you gotta work so hard to get a quality call quality call when did that come in well maybe that's just really delicious and that drives our last night was so cool as in that actually the drugs are again yes it's also was talking to him and what he said to him was well listen you know when I come home I like to have a couple of off because it get a little bus going on that's what I just got through reading sir have a nice life 567 what did I just get through reading off the facts jackass and he's talking about the rest of the 567 oh 560 560 out of mobile what I want what is this thing one come me Ellie brother hello yeah what do you want um you ready the magic once a bad show last night we're the 79 year old pornography was locked up in prison until he was 82 they confiscated $6 million worth of 6000 videos in the straightest life as you're off that a good time of them well the patients were in those black masks so you never know I was always every dickillist piece that you wrote a few days ago in the paper what was that I don't know Neil there was so many no it was a big major part about the the kosher sex rambo the kosher sex rabbi come on everything is evil and you can't do that oh no no no no no no all seconds okay I wish you tell him you just tell him the last time that Neil checked poor still ain't kosher okay I was smoking a cigar they're good good for him I better wasn't from Nick's better was found something that rhymes with Nick's the other thing is you were talking about swifty Chandler the other day you know I believe he's alive I interviewed him I was a call swifty Chandler when do we ever call him that well that was just Nick and when he was in Israeli freedom fighter really yeah he called in he said he's a busy a plane with it on in a market all day he's not a well man but you know he's not to be at least 110 somebody told him I was talking about he actually called in I couldn't believe it well I said if he's if he's still alive there's hope for the rest of it everybody listens to you yeah not he just put it down because they're lighten their loafers you know have a great day Ellie just kiss and quit writing all I crash I had your tongue okay that's the tongue lady Ellie breath her she's okay she's just too Jewish 21 before 21 before 21 before 21 I told it was a long week God damn it boy much more like this I'm gonna have to work up a vacation producing why do you please you on Jane I record if that makes you well from the Taco Bell commercials singing like you've never heard him before which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before because this is the first time he's ever sung today I hit Ricky my book and day King the net oh since we didn't sing the Taco Bell songs today he's on it gives you all the big hit you love sung by a little dog you can put up with most of the time I like to park here I go again I'm gonna go to the back at the neighbor's called I like to walk so here I go again I'm gonna drive you up there wow that little Taco Bell dog has many words and you'll hear him express him all right here walking time starts about the time that my bladder can't hold in him more yeah we have to be walking time better find relations before I got those right on your floor oh I can't hold myself so for the long that's me my short heart is so strong you're just a piece but Taco Bell dog sings today he's on it if guarantee you to be hotter than that last big B3 order at the drive through jump down 245 at 560 that's what our screaming at tiny this morning don't do it and we got the 200 open lines 560 50 50 50 50 60 on a mobile one line we're doing heavy duty draft talk today it was at 11 year old kid with a great arm from the it's the Latin Michigan I think that the dolphins other take a real long close hard look at here is a pop in a hello hey how you doing it's Rob from Toronto yes sir how are you doing I'm Maradie listen I can't come at our Chris what's an increase more Chris he never heard him good but uh well it's on the line you know we take for granted how we were surrounded by the best play by play guys in the world the guys even the guy who invented it foster yeah and Bill of course Bill of course and Bonesy is the best to ever live he's you know he's been doing the games where I guess 12 or 13 years now and it's more than just him as a broadcaster I mean he's really in the hockey he's got three suns they all play hockey brezzy coaches hockey he writes up minor hockey column for one of the newspapers he's unbelievable yeah and he loves it and we grew up listening to him we grew up listening to Danny Gallivan we grew up listening to him but these people down here didn't grow up listening to anything they grew up I don't know what they grew up I maybe they just didn't grow up I don't know I keep asking that question every day for the last 72 years when these people were were ever they were before I like that book by Dave Halberstein about New York broadcasts we supposedly have all these people from New York down here and I'm talking about Marty Glickman and this one and it's a very interesting book even though uh Halberstein sucks up to everybody because he just a nice guy but it's it's a very fascinating book I am almost done reading it and nothing there's that they don't know Marty Glickman from the Marty Seanheimer they don't even know what I'm talking about it some of these guys I mean the play by play of some of the goals are as famous as the goals right like Daddy Gallivan calling an entity had rushed by Gila Flurr yeah well what's his name what's his name Kelly calling Bobby Ores fly forever here that one more time I you know I was a great call but after the first 44 thousand times I don't need to hear it again you understand what about father he was called a 70-year-old Paul Henderson if I ever hear that again like I said I do a good imitation of that you want to hear no okay and of course the Borchewski goal that one your other callers I never heard that you're born colon man you never heard that no I was on the board because I worked at the at the fan at the time yeah I was on the board that night when he did that no I I only when I got his the Bob Cole call on that go and it wasn't very wasn't very but I when Bob Cole is good he's not as good as you're born Cole is good but what the problem is when he does when the least are playing on the road he'd ever if the crowd noises and going to be sensational he always tends to call a goal with let's let's let's enthusiasm then he would like if they were playing at home you don't want to say true enough and we had the CDC on strike uh... month to show a go right and cally and uh... hery needs uh... well they were doing the games off TV and that was bizarre and the crowd was not good it was pretty bad no we get that crowd noise from the stadium they were in when you can't remember the you can't remember the playoffs come in uh... when they made the uh... technicians and offered a good review exactly okay pal one more question here you're pretty good you're uh... your priority material who uh... is there a service that supplies that you have a lot of you hospital in the europe bunch of crazy people see around eight get a person change mister okay but got six hundred open lines on the board five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line see we got to keep reminding ourselves we're a bit and about computer and what we're talking about here and got any idea who any of these people are and couldn't care less in their proud of it by the way i see joe custolo just brought in some lunch in between their shavings yeah fact he was not he was on his hands and he's out in the hallway you know they read the building up here on the third floor and evidently the uh... carpenters left some shavings on the floor any and all shavings goes into one big time and by the way joy to be finished yet just go ahead and doesn't shave is not or you guys here's a mobile and pop a lot hey yeah you don't know pretty good sir don't know as much hockey is that guy but i'm curious question i have a time to run a lot of you expect you know i'm really not very big of a guy's born a race here so i mean i can't find my four day but i asked a couple of my hockey so called knowledge of hockey but he's in i was watching a game for the first time really concentrating the other night and i noticed the god is a guy standing next to the head coach with like an airpiece on her headset and he's ordering a domino's upstairs i mean he's talking to people upstairs in the uh... in the box and play for a great create a way to talk about it to uh you know see what's going on and the who's been not even nice in what's going on life he'd do an all sports now you know it's part of the modernization of all sports they all have the big hits at on and then talking to some of the goofball up in the uh... scum but it's not like the football they can take thirty seconds to create a play or they create even uh... they seem like they're not there drawing stuff they do that like during time outs and between periods but uh... you know a play is a play and practice all week long and a good luck five six seven five sixty pound five sixty you put on your left wing lock and you stick in your uh... back to the have a good life okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we're looking for people who are going to listen to or watch the draft if we can find four five of those i feel will accomplish something will i watch the draft no well i'd be listening to it all will i be here this weekend no yes i will yes i will i'll not go anywhere i'll be here in time but i'll make a point i'm going to go forward anything having to do with the draft a situation whatever that means i'm going to be working on my home-system problem a situation we do see everybody talks about triglycerides cholesterol or finally staring learned a little bit about that but most of these people don't know from a home-system and they know i i just bought this book by answer the day you got a ticket in your own hands in your life to your health i'm telling you that right now believe me it's the most important thing i can tell you if you're going to wait for a doctor to tell you i said to my good post-brand doctor mark what we do these blood test again one of the most important if not the most important thing is let's check that home-system level which i've never had checked before and sure enough there's a problem i looked at it and went all fifteen points for are you a crappin me bad but luckily i got the book here in my hand the doctor maculli's book and i know what the hell it is all about and what to do about it people are dying out there because they don't have any clue what it's all about because everybody is exploiting them for fun and profit all the cracked diets all the low factors to low-fat that all those pills that are supposed to make you healthy and thin overnight they just know work that you want as well flush down the toilet along with the money paid to buy here's a mobile in hell and ill hello what's going on you yes sir yeah i gotta i gotta tell you something well i shave hey but you know initially the first how much of worth are like it no i'm not seeing i was gonna tell you you see it for work like i don't say they're not now it's for work yeah i do i do cyber sex immunity so it's a little bit different so that you know it's i've never been with a guy or anything it's all girls i have you know it's all girls watching i don't put that you know i've been with a guy probably been a lot of guy no no no no how do you know that well because i know they say whoever's on the other end of the internet that's there really well yeah that's their business for you with them what uh you're up close and personally right on their foot i'm not touching them anyway it's been closing uh i can't call somebody just go ahead darling castano you're a douchebag okay thank you okay put some close on pal people are starting to talk loud five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line hey go over get dolphin camp to a clock today donny bee talking bass ball sixty six thirty more of them's at the fillings they got to put up with that curchilling again they're probably gonna lose again that i you know uh hey we don't care we're getting used to it i sure don't care we're gonna build that stadium for john and rake no downtown no uptown no in town no out of town no mobile an avansura hello hello yes sir are you with the special ball promised yes i did you see the uh documentary the history channel did on the mendicile kezzy no i missed that somebody told me that it was great and they ran it for about 400 hours and by the time i found out about it it was a history so to speak can you can actually purchase it also i think it's like a hundred bucks we'll tell you something you know i've always been you know i sort of looked at that thing for a far and i know a lot of people have had conspiracy theories i even went to the uh the thing in Dallas the school uh Texas uh Texas looked at positive terms yeah i saw the whole thing and actually i will use him exactly yeah it's actually very emotional anybody that you know like i said college sure during that that time anyway this thing was absolutely mind-boggling there have been people going through the there's a guy that does the stress analysis for uh metals firms that did an analysis on the intruder film and actually showed that there one of the bullets the bullet actually killed him there's no way it came from from behind and you know i set up there and that was not a came from the grassy mill no it actually didn't come to the grass you know this is the thing that blew it away there it there's a manhole there it actually came from below the level of a car there's a manhole cover that showed that you can be sitting like in a storm drain yeah and it tried to explain it and then all you did was walk back to the drains i let you out on the other side of the real it really is what about the puffest smoke behind the grassy mill and the head of the uh guy behind that was a wanderer and around back there and all the footprints in the mud there was so much stuff that has gone on probably like two or four they weren't going to take any chances they weren't going to miss no and uh i would really recommend that series was an excellent uh what work can i get that well you can just call the history channel and buy it i think it's about $100 will set okay i can handle it okay thanks thank you yeah we had one other call on it and of course uh you know our people they don't want to it what do they watch the history channel oh no they're watching uh willman friend five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on our AT&T wireless line twelve fifty five here at QM on a marginal Friday it's okay we'll get through it we'll get through this Friday whether you like it or not i'll get my home most of the level down whether you like it or not what is this it says uh may i can i must have the tape of you put the lowest in the basket i'll pay for it on it like that and it also says don't be sure that's okay here i'll give this to you George because somebody wants to tape is something which you maybe can make a couple of bucks off of which you're always having to do soak them in armoured leg okay if they want tapes you want tapes you're going to have to pay th 20 fifty six in QAM okay, right here the Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Say to me away Now we're in the as far as you'll close the bill Now only as far as you'll close the bill Now only as far as you'll close the bill This so black me that's hot to spread to the day Now byika Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence Now we're in a field with some violence And they could be away All right 105-60WQAM So you tell me does Cox's back on our air on power and weakens is that what he just said? Uh-huh OK Just don't be calling the talk show. Okay, please, please. Okay, where are we going? Let's go to Miami. Hello. New? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Got a couple of questions for you. Planning of anyone with Vegas is coming here. Neither of us have been the Vegas. We got three choices. And I went to the subway which one. MCM, New York, New York, New York. Nodian. For the Mirage. MCM. No question? MCM. It's my favorite. That's value. I mean, for the money. For the all about the same. MCM. About the restaurants. The girls are a guest. What was it? The girls? Or emeralds. Or emeralds. Or emeralds. The camera. The kids ask up a notch and go to the other one. Go to the grocery. He makes me sick. He actually want a puke. Good. His wife. He was banging everything that moved his wife said, goodbye. Emeralds. Okay. Kick your ass up a notch. Like right out of the house. Have a great time, pal. Thanks, buddy. You love it. People are a guest. I mean, that is just so sad that's the American effin' way right there. And by the way, the people are really no great cooking. They say his recipe is none of them make any sense. He's the worst cooking in history of mankind. I'm sure that he has real chefs that par all the stuff in his restaurant. That's kicking up an eye. Chill out. I'd say that another man. Pizza crap. At least he doesn't have a big ego. Yeah, right. Five, six, seven. And that audience of his man. They must be putting something like, they must be doing something to brownies. And I'm talking about, and then we put the cool and stuff. You know what? Go back to New York, okay, Emeralds. You're not going to see open up in New Orleans. That's where his big restaurant was before we started branching out. They kick his ass out in New York, and a half a second. All of his there now. To ease all over the place like a disease. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Yes, sir. We don't want to talk about hockey, so. Yeah, what do you want to talk about, sir? Let's talk about it. Are you in the sack? Are you awake? Yeah. Yeah. Well, then speak, like put some effort into it. Are you particularly open up? Are you opposed to Emeralds, Gassie? What is it? Are you jealous of him? Yeah, I'm jealous of him because you got a lot of money. That's why. Are you, do you got a lot of money? Don't you make a lot of money? No, I don't make nothing. I don't make squat. Why did you call about, sir? Before anybody mentioned Emeralds, Gassie. What was your material? Let's hear it. No, I just wanted to talk about it. You just want to open up a stupid dumb mouth is what you want to do. Okay. I'm going to give you an idea you've simple to go back to bed. Although, I like I said, just put your head down. Something he's already in the sack. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18th, he will be wildest line. Here's a mobile and a four-loader there. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What a call to follow. The best. He was the best. Hey, I've been here for another day. The draft sucks. Yeah. I've been here since 56. I haven't seen a dolphin heater pan for a game. Yeah. The drafts are waste of energy, man. It's waste of space. It's a waste of time and the people are bugging us radio station. What's going on on this station for the last day after day after day. And we'll go on all day tomorrow. It's only to help make us some money so we can pay Wayne. But other than that, the biggest waste of time in human history. Well, I'm sorry. I'm not helping your bonus. But I can't take those guys in the morning. Yeah. Can't do it. Hey, I know it's not request Friday. You have a win. Sud starts in a morning. You might like that. Yeah, that might be something. That might do it. Yeah, I could do it. I could do it. No, just suds. Oh, I can take suds. There's what can words and can't appear. Uh-huh. Hey, could you play trained Austin? My kids would engineer up in Illinois. And like dedicated to. Pretty to Austin. What the hell is that sir, bud? Sir, bud. Oh, kiss your butt. Yeah. Well, I mean, tell me something I might understand. And then I can relate to it. Well, kiss your butt. Okay. You're all the guys up in Illinois Central Railroad. Okay. I'll throw up. Thanks. Never. Never. Don't step on the sun. You're all too sexy. Yeah. Oh, when the very love and late of that lip to my age. What you got to do is to get the fact that we're whole first place. I was more than happy to. And now there's more I'd like to do. I'll only get there, bud. Let's go. She won't let my age ever. I want to lift her. So we've nothing to fear. All right. I want to hold her behind. I want to hold those doors and doors. I want to kiss her, bud. She won't let me. What you returned to say is he was an actress. She showed me an album of pictures of her opening. What you've been thinking of. She's been just waiting for a thing. But I'm the clearest thing. You're the kind of girl who stole that heart. Right, bud. I want to kiss her, bud. She won't let me. I want to lift her. Please, not be in the rear. Just lick her. I want to hold her behind. I want to kiss her, bud. I want to kiss her, bud. She won't let me. Well, never forget the train ride dance of this. We shared a story and we shared our tale. But as long as our side's a leader behind, we'd regret our all-powerful life. Cause I've got you that hero in the end. I'm going to eat, bud. I want to kiss her, bud. Oh, she won't let me. I want to lift her. We've got the empty end of the rear. I want to fold her. I want to kiss her, bud. Right, right, right, right, right, right, right. I want to kiss her, bud. I want to kiss her, bud. She won't let me. One or eight, it's five. You come here. You have my sentence to be a big night at Toppo Park tonight. Man, I can feel it. I can smell it. I can feel a big bulge in my pocket. I want to do it. I'm telling you, I blew it again, baby. Once it was somebody else's 20 dollar bill, somebody else's blow, it was, you know, he's blowing it. Somebody else's 50 bucks. One 15 is five, 60, WQM. We got an open line to know where. I knew like that. We got a bunch of calls in there. Let's take a picture of it. Just go home. That's a miracle. They come. They go. They're on. They're in. Here's Miami. Hello. Come a ping. That's a make-up. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey, you're home. Okay. And we all know that that was somebody else's penis for that whole, right? What is that? He was going to use a bottle of somebody else's penis, right? Yeah, yeah. Listen to that Neo. Here's this thing. How does one shave one ball? Very carefully, I would assume. Because I don't know about it. I mean, I do it to my girlfriend, but she ain't on a ball. Right. I understand that. You know what I mean, but I hope not. Yeah. And I mean, in my case, a little bit of hanging, do you know what I mean? It's kind of dangerous, I guess. Yeah. So, uh, lifting Neo, I'll throw it to draft this in turn. Okay. Let's go to, um, mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Are you going? I got out of here. Just starting to see if I know yes. No, no, no, no. This is Chris. I know how to mean you. I mean, the last two go ahead. Listen, I got a, I know you know about hockey, but that. And there's a question. When, when, when, when the put goes down the ice and the scatry, when it does one, because then it goes in one. Walk. And then goes in one. Make believe you're not in nearly, but how's that? So, what language are you speaking? What language? English, listen. When the puck goes down the ice and goes in, you want to break them. It's like a horse. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 8, 8, 10, 10, 10, like I said, 3 and row from higher, from Westland. All they must be the guys in the T-roll. I thought I heard the sound of a pneumatic drill in the back. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Well, I'm not quite a mobile stationary in Miami. Here's a stationary in Miami. Well, you have a, a trifecta there of winners. The row. Three, six and a row. Yes. I want to change your slightly if I could. Do, uh, this jack of work in, uh, Travis. Yes. You know, the grace. You didn't intend supposed to be a crucial element. And don't confuse the judge. She's a very hard ass bitch. And she's decided he's broken a law and don't give her any excuses. And he's going to go to jail and he'll croak in jail and yati yati yati. Yeah. I mean, listen, you don't even have a right to determine your own fate. What kind of a country is it that you can't decide when you want to die? Okay. You're dying of a horrible painful excruciating illness. You want to stop the pain and it got comes along. You, you give every dime you ever made in your life just for somebody to help you stop the pain. And this bitch of a judge says you're going to jail. And it makes you wonder how, I mean, listening to her ruling. That's the American. Right. She was obviously biased. A hard ass bitch. That's right. And makes you wonder how impartious she was when she excluded a testimony. I said, like, put her out of the, I said, let's put her out of her. Yeah, you can't do that. That's what I said. Yeah. But anyway, I think it was light. Little baby. I know you don't like to rehash. What's up to the tube? I know you don't like to talk about old subjects. Yes. I talk about anything. So whatever you want, if it's interesting, if it's fascinating, if it's bizarre, if it's grow, test, whatever you like. Well, I don't know if you remember that man, the call yesterday, that said your numbers were played. Of course, I remember that guy because the people are lighting. How can I forget that? All these people lighten the loafers out there. Well, how does he count for all those years when you were still in the class? I'm having been in the classes for like 21 years. Hey, really? It's been that long. Oh, well. But just the idea of it, the notion of it is so ludicrous with the tremendous closet audience I've got of people that would never admit that they listened to the show. There was another show that's ever been on the ear in this market. That's got the kind of closet audience that I've got because we live in such a juvenile immature country. Well, I'm sure you, I hope you're offered out of the 20, well, you've won. Have a great day. Yeah, I mean, like, you know, in this silly ass thing, it's like a run and more on thing, man. Oh, if you want to move in, somebody that's in it is gay, that must make you gay. If you go to the records store and it got behind the counter that rings up the, uh, or say, oh, is gay, that makes you gay. If you go to the goddamn beach in the lifeguard as a fact, all of a sudden you're a fang. Like if you go to the early bird dinner and they're bunch of old farts and they're all of a sudden you become an old fart. I mean, where is the logic that paranoia, the hysteria, the stupidity, the ignorance and you know what? That's the American fucking way. And just refused to grow up, baby, refused to grow up. And like I said before, I don't know any straight guys, uh, shave it or any, like I said, any queen shaving their balls except the one you mentioned. Seriously, that must be a straight guy's thing. That's how real monster to me. Oh, I'm shaving my nuts with a lady pick. What? I always thought of it. I never heard in my life until a Joe made up this bull crappiest that I think we got sucked in if I can see that. There's no way in the world, no way in the world that all of a sudden all these guys out of it. I mean, I realize that they've been, uh, you know, brow beating a lot these guys and they're under a lot of direction, aren't making a crap worth of money. But how, how insecure do you have to be? How impressionable, how silly of a person you have to be? This, this, this, this, somebody else tells you they shave them hair off their balls to go home and start shaving it and hair off your balls. I'm doing it this week. So suppose suppose Joe Costello come in here and said that he enjoys squatting on fire hydrants. Okay. Suppose he's like, even at that, uh, that water business, you know, I don't want to get to graphic here. Maybe like, uh, on hooks to hose their on a fire hydrant, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, maybe he's into that heavy pressure. I'm just going to help you hold back them. Yeah, I don't have to do that. We have a bidet. Yeah, exactly. Like I'm saying, he likes the real bidet. The whole city bidet. That's right. Squirt score. Big time. Big time squirt. I can just see all these other guys out there with a goddamn monkey wrench, monkey around out there in a quarter with a guy named Firehydrance. Trying to shoot 50,000 pounds of water up there. Back home. Oh, wow. That was really, uh, something. We got millions and millions and millions of sheep making all those buying sounds. They're buying in here. Bleeding buying sounds. Now we know why some of the sheep are making those sounds. That's probably over in Fort Myers. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm not. I would never be ashamed to admit to listen to your radio show, but it seems like you're afraid to admit that you like the graphic. Several years ago, I saw you with the drafts signing off. No, you have none. I never been with the draft. Yes, I have an autograph picture of you at your office, 80. I did the draft. It was a station thing that I had to do with something because I liked to draft. And if I was there signing autographs, how can I pay attention to the draft? I hate to draft. Well, I think it was like, let me say it again, sir. I hate to draft. You're an asshole, okay? But you're still listening. Thank you so much for listening to that. Hippekrid on the radio and sucking around for an autograph. You jackass. Hate the draft. You have to be deaf to care about the draft. And you know that he's talking about, I know exactly the day that we were out there with Randy. And we had to go out there because they were bringing the crew in there to do those TV spots. Those awful spots. And nobody ever told me we were going to be on. Remember that? And I said, the lose the action, honey. That's the reason we were out there. Because we were shooting promotional TV spots for IOD. That's the reason we were there, sir. I hate to break the news to you. And I said to IOD, and I'll say it on this station, the draft is a waste of time. But let's only pray that Eric Kumaro can line up for the offense again someday. Jerse Gaki stop. Amen. Jerse get hysterical and chill me out and give me a budget crash. All I can't handle it. Can I handle it? Yeah, just give me the check. Okay. Loser. Loser. Loser. Loser. Loser. Here's my me, B. Chillow. Hey, no. Yes, sir. I didn't want to talk about the draft, but this is the result I'm about. I'm not a hood now. I'm talking about the draft. No, just that last call. Let's talk about what you want to talk about. See you another one of these guys. You run hold your cultural reason. Let's talk about your thing and that this last jack-hatch. Maddy, girl. Yeah, think like I said, no material. Another spick. Your people, baby. That's all there material. Maddy, con, Maddy, con, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, big, big, big, big, big. That's it. Welcome to soft Florida folks. Three words that's all you need to know. And all of a sudden you're right in there, baby. You're right in with the in crowd. What I'll talk about, but you're losers. Man, wait till those ships come to take them back. Oh, are we going to have a party? Wait till we bring all the old Jews back. What is number? He calls a lot, actually. What does he, what does his number? Muddy, con, what's his number? That little Muddy, con. 305. Yeah, Dave count. 738. What is it? 673? 565. 565. 565. Well, maybe you could call him. He got a lot of calls over the lock for this. Oh, a million of monologues from him. If you call him up at 675, 665, always that correct. Maybe you can call him Muddy, con. And you like to do back. Oh, maybe just get make a date. How do you guys out there? 673, 565. What was that? Yeah. So we keep a log of you miss fits out there. A little bit of a log just like he probably got between your legs a little tiny log and the previous Muddy, con call. We also have his number, but that was a business. I already spoke to the boss. So we're going to get into the chat. You know, he has asked for our good. See all your spits out there that can't contribute anything to mankind that have nothing better than do than try to show all your little boyfriends. How much are you? We know you're a bunch of little faggots hanging around peaking through glory holes. We know what it's all about. You're not fooling me. I got news for those aren't no anglers there in Westland. Talk about pennies from heaven. I'm going to London for you for a car. It's a laughing guy, but it ain't a good one. This you're simply happy with you and you've kind Here's Rob? They're going to request to sharing all yourchuss for the said info. There is no no.μ See.root, see, see. See! See. See. No. No. I'm gonna be doing your remote from Wensley and on Monday is a matter of fact it's kind of coincidental what's in the cause we've had this hour. It's gonna be coming out day for what you a fact Julio's out there want to have a hell of a crowd for that. Here's a mobile info letter down bring your own drill for a letter down. Yes sir. I got to tell you you put up with a lot there. You're paying for their net mission the morning. Those guys to compare them to the three students who are like a very secretary to a plot or yeah. People don't listen to them because they listen to the you know the the tell the listeners they want to get a couple of scores in the morning. How hard is it to take Florida 11 New York for Milwaukee or Monterey? It's like it's a and you're paying for you should be taking their money. It should be paid to you that they can think of it for 22,000 a year. You better say some about it. Yeah. I got a news for I'm certainly like the first book that I was here. I had such humongous numbers that everybody made their full bonus. Okay and I've diluted myself into believing that they're paying for that. It'll be that way all the time and now my numbers are still very high. But I can't bring them up above the level where we can bring the whole station. If you don't understand I can only my back is getting sore from trying to lift up the whole damn operation especially at very weak morning show. I mean what Chris are eating is more on on there. It's not for six minutes. It's got to be just unbelievable desperate. I got an idea. Let's prepare some of us. She can do topless radio one of the you know one of those three clouds. Yeah she was good. Okay thank you. Thank you. Yeah she was really big. Aaron. Wow that's a crap you that's what the Bob Green said. It's a crap you. I actually less than. Well I must have caught on your little because you didn't do nothing sweet. I talk about a bomb. I'll tell you what. Now when there she's got another big fat egg in the afternoon big enormous. You're fine. Yeah when I think back of all the great talent that's come through this town the 23 years I've been here. Oh boy. Didn't just like just like a non stop like a like a revolving tour of unbelievable talent. Here's Miami. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. The talent that should be together is defo and that dog. I know that's probably not possible. I guess he has a job or whatever the of Mad Dog has a job in the day. Yeah right. I said yesterday the old open of a blank checking give it to a mad dog. Exactly. The other thing was when you do that signing. If you've ever seen those the Bobmer stickers that a lot of old Cuban to have it says no castro no problem. Yeah. We'll send sir all kind of closet queen anyway. You could have like something that says no vagina no problem. Okay. We're working on it. Okay. I'll put Sam on it this weekend. Good. And the assignment too. All right. Have a great day. 560560. So like somebody pulled the plug there. Maybe somebody was looking over a shoulder at it. 560. 560. Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes sir. You're on the issue some other depth of time. That way. What kind of a phone is this? The crappy one. The worst. Yeah. That's probably even playing the planner. What is it? It's a 123 supply. Yeah. Where'd you come about? Tanner's coming back. You new phone pal. Talk to you someday. Tanner's coming back. Tanner in the morning. What? 560560. Tanner and suds. What's wrong with that? Huh? George is in there laughing God. Damn it. Yeah. I say not a bad dealer. Tanner and suds. Let Rick sit over there on a stupid talk talking stock market crap all day. If nobody wants nobody would have sent a humor once there. Somebody talking about the goddamn stock market. Hold the Dow's down 7 points. By the way, how's the Nazgix doing? Of down 15. See all those arrows going down, going down, going down, going down, going up, up, up, up, come on up. At least the last three minutes, last three months of the year, went to why two Cape Panics sit in. After those two movies come out this summer, everybody starts screaming and carrying on like a bunch of vanries and starts hoarding all of those groceries. You think it's bad when we get a hurricane warning of 50,000 miles away. When Brian, Rokar starts hyperventilating. Wait until you see when these Y2 came movies come out in the years, starts moving along toward the end of the millennium, baby. They're going to be hoarding everything. They're going to be hoarding toilet paper. In fact, they're going to be having to go see that Madonna broad. They're at the, you know, at the convenient store. When it's snap and the gum there, still short. Seriously, that's spot. I could sit on, forget about all those shows that around TV. I could just sit on the watch that over and over and over and over again. I'm going to take that. I sure hope they're still running there. I'm going to get the audio from that. And just play it over and over again with the organ, the dramatic organ music. You know, they're making this season. They're looking at the six pack of Bud Light and the toilet paper. And they finally decide you see the Bud Light is rolling down the conveyor belt because they just have enough money for that. And then that Gilbert, that skinny Gilbert like punk there, that retard paper are plastic. Paper. Hey, guys, need a receipt. And they just whip that thing out of her hand. And they'll receipt too. Here's Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, hi. Long time listening. Great. I have some news that some breaking news. Okay. I work for a national chain of labs and maybe even your tests were done there. I'll tell you where my test was done. Where lab corp in Tampa. Oh, they suck. Oh, they suck. Yeah. The work for the competition. And it turns out that I've got a full bottom. This is a person that drove blood from you. Say it again. I play a bottom. It's a person that drove blood from you. From your vein, from your arm. Yeah. I don't know what this guy's talking about, but obviously, you got something we can put on here, like something slanderer. I have no idea what you're talking about. Okay. We have an open line in somewhere 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Maniac. Like I'm going to put that on here. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. My name's Mitch. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. All I can say is, ah, for that. 23 before 2 at 560 WQM. All these guys out there don't want to get to cause the tube busy with the razor in their hand. They're listening to just can't put the razor down. They're shaving it. And they're nuts too. On freaking, believable. This is she Gordon Liddy and they don't come anywhere else than Neil Roger. I'm just standing in the back. Watching for the radio. Think to my window around. Look before me more. Sometimes it's in the booth day. I'm just standing in the back. Also with the through the teeth, we're looking at you. Watch the videos and then start singing. I'm going to put 40 people in the room. I see you around and then. And get to the room. I have a song. Look before the stairs through. What you're supposed to do is the back. And it's supposed to enjoy the show. It's changing when it's in the back. I have a room. Morey, morey, morey. I have my pillow here. In case my time runs low. And I stand here still again. Good glory, hold. I hope it's not funny. I know. And that's what I had to do. I hope you know that the brush is clean. Look over again and it's clean. I have a hell of a new room. I'll just stop this. It's the bathroom. You'll see. It's not over the corner. It's over the corner. 1435. It's the WCW. We know our show live from J.C. Penny's in Westland. Right outside the number three team room. They're on the Monday. So everybody come on. Buy and take a peek. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I don't think I want to ask questions. What does that mean? Don't hang up. What do you want to hang up on people? You never give me a comment. I hang up on people if they don't want to have a conversation. All right. Let have a conversation. Do you have a conversation? We have a conversation. No, it was not. You sure? Positive. I'm sure there's a higher percentage of homosexuals that got to start when they're a key. No, no, there were not. There was not any more than a high probability right now. There's a lot more heterosexuals that were molested as children in the homosexuals. Not even close. That okay. So what happened to you? Nothing happened to me. What happened to you? Did somebody do something? Did somebody do something? Did somebody do something? Somebody is spray paint. I don't like anal sex. I don't do anal sex. Do you? Do you do anything? What do you have? How can you call yourself? Sir, do you do anal sex? I hate anal sex. I hate anal sex. What? It's taking or giving? Taking or giving? I don't try to give. Now what happened? Somebody spray paint you when you were born. Somebody spray paint you. Do you want to have a conversation? You're just a dumb spook. Is what you are. Does nobody is a dumb spook? Profit. See, one thing about the minorities in this town. Do we have any minorities who can call this show and have an intelligent conversation? No. No matter which minority you're talking about, how many of you are slobbing of Cultances or broke out? Any? No. No. No matter which minority you want to pick on. They're all the same in this town. Fosos. Didn't this the stuff? Why are you listening to this show, sir? It's going to make you into a home mode. Don't you understand? You keep listening to this show. Probably the next time you step outside, somebody's going to molest you. It would be somebody with a magic wand. Somebody with a pink dress. Some guy with a magic wand. They'll go, pull and you become a home-o-a-flamer. You'll start listening to lies in the manoeuvre. Okay? And watch your old Joan Crawford movies. Here's Oakland Park. Hello? Yes, sir. You're going. Okay. Have a new song for Wayne Eisen, Chris Moore, and the organization. Yes? What? What? What? And I near my ball. Here's the St. Petersburg, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hello Neil. One time, man. I've been about six years since I've talked to you. I'm in Mishra, apparently, so I don't want to hear about those parts. I mean, that's a quick question. Okay. That part of the state is just to the end of the world. You're right. Question for you, though, is a cockleman. She's still around? Yes. She is. Okay. I'm catching you on new Rogers.com. Right. One last thing. The cockleman. You're right. You know, he visits between him. Take any bullsh** on him. Yeah. Oh, man. They like to entertain the Blobster and the Titanic. It's taking a lot of time. Okay, great. We don't want to hear about the Blobster. He'd try to tell you that, sir. That's why I don't like talking to people from that area over there. We don't care about the Red Blobster, you know what I'm saying? Yes. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. And the name of Pete. And the name of Blob. Nobody here cares. Nobody here knows who that is. And if they did, they still don't care. Stop. And you wonder why that issue went experiment over so big, huh? Oh, god. Forget about him. He's a broadcaster like my miniature picture is a goddamn brain surgeon, which 430 of this afternoon, by the way, he's been the operating amount sign. Here's 4-laterdale. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. I want to ask you about O.J. Simpson. Do you think that's all publicity? Or do you think there's really any valid truth to that? About what? That's story, isn't it? Yeah, exactly. I don't know, but I've only the media must have thought it was a publicity stop because it got about five words and was buried at the bottom of the page. And I was thinking that last night, isn't it great that the media didn't get sucked into that? Yeah. The police must have taken ten hours to get there, too. Uh-huh. And then they probably asked where the body was. Right, exactly. Anyway, it's crunch time. Hopefully our maple leafs will do well on the playoffs and got blessing Neil. Oh, and have a great life. He didn't say it's crunch time, did he? Oh, no. He didn't really say that. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, where are the slides? He couldn't have said that. Here's a mobile and del Rey B, Chilo. Yes, sir. What do you say, man? What it is, sir? Come on. Let's go. We're short on time. 560, why can't I get some of our minorities? I mean, on 836. And my oldest brother is a homosexual. He's been out of class with about 15 readers. And when I hang around with him and his girlfriend, I don't feel like I'm going to get nuts. You know what I'm saying? I mean, I'm not sure. If you do, be sure and shave him. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, where are the slides? Here's a mobile and del Rey, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think that TV commercial, but like commercial. I love it. They have another one out. The Nick Sat one look lame. I don't know if you've seen it. It's a guy on a beach. He walks up to a bar because he's all looks very hot in Thursday. Yeah. And as a scientist, let's have a shirt. He's got no shirt on. Next thing you see him walking in the bar. Everybody's gasping because he's got his bathing suit on. As his shirt. And at 1.0 drops of queen. He drops his chain. Yeah. And as he bends over an oriental fellow, jumps up and takes a picture while arrested. And he goes, oh, like, back to him. Exactly. Beauty. I'm sorry. It's during the sport. It's typically during basketball games, actually. I'm sorry. I want to watch some basketball. I have to do a check it out. Okay. Alright. Thanks. Still short. Now, still short. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, that was in the T-Romus morning taking a leak. And there was something there. Still short. I said, what the way you're expecting anyway. Are you a log? You will log? Yeah.