people are assholes you know the new Rogers is the one and he doesn't listen to shows we won't hear this probably get it from George the new summer couple in the summer is which in the scene is this listen to every word switch CDs and it must be sure that he's but anyway the new Rogers is the first one the railway of our professional courtesy and about being a professional in the radio industry right the music's blasting down the hall and he's saying something salesman comes in and erupts and during the show a word is misspelled in the ad copy and the Rogers is a don't crazy a rippinist guy to shreds his family to hold things so yesterday I come to find out that a fact that was supposed to be sent to be by not more giving some details of where I'm supposed to be tonight is sent to the wrong tax machine I guess not more call the switchboard and that's a number you got and the new reason fact on the air which is fine you know that's part of his thing whatever I'm sure you appreciate that if it was the other way around and then at the same time you would figure out a professional courtesy that the government of the city tells where important me and at least return it to my box which I do have a clearly label box here at the radio station yeah so as George I say George you got that fact I got to find out what I'm doing tonight so the guy was going to fact me some information understand that Neil intercepted it and it turns out he tore it up and threw it in the garbage you're pissed off and you know because he did well is that professional courtesy this is the man this is the poster child for professionalism in the radio industry and I told the felon's he made you all I'm going to have a conversation with me I don't even mind about the piece of thing together like a ransom he's working here I'm trying to earn a living whatever you can say whatever you want about me I'm a professional courtesy from the guy that rails away the most I mean who gets more upset than Neil if something doesn't done professionally so basically calling him the hypocrite what you're saying you use the words five six seven oh five what do you scared to use the word you think he's a hypocrite say the hypocrite don't even know if he's a hypocrite because you know what as well way you're the one and word that's why he feels about people see which means you're a hypocrite don't even think he's worthy of being a hypocrite I think he's consistent he just doesn't give a crap about anybody else which is fine but then don't be crying don't go running down the Greg Reid's office the next time the music is playing too loud from power ninety six all right because they don't have any more professional courtesy that you do you're right yeah yeah the most astonishing part of the whole thing he must be maybe when you start ballooning up like that you know because I've been fat from many many years so this and bother me as far as my brain is concerned but what when you start ballooning up like that you'd real porkey it starts affecting your mind and your memory your short-term memory starts going I was talking about this on the area yesterday we had the crossover as far as my intercepting your facts be full which is at least seven yards away by the way but don't have the balls to come and look me in the face and talk about this but as far as intercepting the facts the facts machine is like five feet behind me here all the facts has come to this number come to me right in this room it's not like intercepting I read it on the air we had a little crossover for whatever reason yesterday and I mentioned at the time I guess what here's a facts from that more about and I'm gonna read it on the air and he ha ha ha did he say I need that by the way please say that for me all the facts said was to reiterate that he's gonna be there tonight and we agreed on a $500 feet and here's a list of the other seventy two thousand people are gonna be there damn arena don chula bill Clinton a blanket if the y'all everybody is ever born could be there and here's this didn't you say he needed it no say that for me no like I intercepted this like there was something surup pitches about the way I did this like I sneaked in here in the middle of the night or something and intercepted a fact when I talked about this on the air one didn't yesterday but that pop pop pop pop you see it must be really desperate there you know because that's basically that school ball is really boring you know I mean everybody knows that for a shardis and there's nothing else going on nobody cares about the marlins which they finally figured out they know about hockey I mean though you know there were two playoff games last night they know nothing about that so well what's what's there to talk about so let's just rip kneel and ask which is fine with me I have no problem with that but but as far as the professional as a part is concerned and professional courtesy default you just had bad luck it was the wrong day that ended the day before didn't I come on here yesterday and say and they would in fact this the I finally adopted the attitude you're supposed to have around here after a year and a half of fighting and I finally said I don't give a sh** anymore and there you go and I was in a happiest mood of my life yesterday I'm rolling along I'm asking I mean that's the way they all are I mean they don't seem to mind if they're blasted in music down the hallway the ward I'm using this pussy of course they're just too terrified to go down and say cut the crap because we're trying to do a show down here but you know the excuses well we don't care we're just not going to be uh into that crap well let me'll be the crap this turban but that all I did yesterday I just I don't give a sh** anymore right so it's just bad luck on your part default because I just don't care about these things anymore so it just unfortunate that it was on a rock and not only that but don't feel like I single you out because air-free single facts that is coming here to this machine for the sports people I've done the same thing you're the witness I tear them all up into them away and as far as professional courtesy is concerned the professional thing to do would be give all your people with your other 85 jobs given the right fact number to contact you and stop wasting our facts paper we're here we got enough assholes out there to waste their facts paper every day seriously if I had the money that it cost to chop down all the trees to you know to make the paper for all the facts paper that gets wasted in here I could retire right now I can get out of there here but I understand and I didn't hear any of you show this morning we had little spy reports when I came in the deeper with psychotic about that facts about the net more thing with the 4500 other celebrities tonight and the 500 bucks he's going to make which he'll lose in two races in high alia that's a bit poll question by the way I was asking Joe Costello this and then I had to tough question which one of the following three here at our station do you think loses a higher percentage of his income I'm not talking about actual dollars because there's no great disparity as far as the incomes of the three people but which one of the following three do you think loses a higher percentage of his income any k default or the hump or huh that's a tough question that was from yeah well easy come easy go I guess that's that's interesting to think about huh would you have any thoughts on that you have to follow them actually make money gambling no no no no no I don't know anything explain no one person one person in my life who I believe makes money gambling and that's Ron Bash he was at Pompital last night I mean this guy he that that's what he does for a living he's a professional gambling and I mean he really plunges it in but yeah all he was kind of quiet there last night at Pompital Park was like yeah usually it's a right yeah pretty quiet there I think things that the metal ends couldn't go on to be less than I'm a saw he made an early exit but now he's a good guy but I think he makes money fat rich doesn't think no he will tell you that he makes money no no seriously I mean rich is a great guy he's a good friend of mine but he's got this thing it's an ego thing he will tell you like when we left there last night I always tell you exactly if I lost eighty bucks I'm not a big game world I won thirty bucks last night okay to the penny I won thirty dollars and he says it's really me yeah I think that's about what I did too if I would have said I lost twenty bucks he would have said yeah I think you know because that's just a thing it's an ego thing because he went through that period of time like we all have or he was how does a pistol remember I mean he was he couldn't tear up a ticket he was what I like crazy for about a year and a half and then all of a sudden the bubble burst and it came back to the real world by the way tell default I got a facts form so we have it wait a minute here's another copy of the facts from odd she's look at that oh Christ they refact just thing from that more and I tore it up before we let's what it was got damn it what a jackass you know I don't give a sh** more yeah I mean either hey listen you know the five hundred bucks you would get for doing that thing that just imagine all the food he'd buy and how fat he's yeah I'm trying to save his life I'm trying to say this man's life he's ballooning up just like the booster that's going to be the next poll which one of those at the end of the year is going to weigh the most he is getting right in that category every day when you can actually you know when you see somebody every day you don't notice mild nuances and the change of the repairs but with him now that we're up here on the third floor I see every day you can see the expansion every day it's like watching them build a saw grass which I did you know every day you see a little more a little more few more bricks here man oh man boy oh boy he must be really merrily wrecking in the big box so what's he one and about so much what does he want and life must be really good as he says maybe he can cast a bet this year oh I got all kinds of good stuff today all kinds of good stuff and don't let off to me 10 minutes past 10 is 560 WQA and I don't have to throw up I'm a don'ts are up here so I can always kill myself or something bad I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone it's cool fuck my dad said it's okay I'll exercise my right back by me and R.A that lets me be a don'ts are hot kids the guns are up here I told him how to shoot what he really loves the sad of what how he's that kind of cute I'm a hummus I'll not see red next with the sad I don't think I'm a lot of the number of the NRA that's why I've already said guns are up here oh right I'll play the more of guns are up here and agency people I ran so okay just to remind her in case you forgot 10 15 is 560 WQA in yeah the Republican party by the way so you know that's saying about mom and has go apple pie mom and Chevrolet remember that is American as well my little Republican party has got their own kind of motto they stand for guns God and hate that's the new Republican party thank god that the NRA was able to influence those of Republicans in the Senate yesterday so they could vote down that bill because God forbid we should have made it to a federal level mandatory background checks that those great gun shows God forbid we'll get to the OJ store in a minute by the way speaking of slaughter I don't even know where to start but let's go back to the N. yesterday you know we have a lot of well-meaning people out there and then we have some assholes too but how can you take something as simple as the transaction I made yesterday and turn it into something so psychotic and everybody even though they mean well they don't know what they're talking about I've had this happen somebody times over the years you ask a question I mean if I don't know I'll be the first one to tell you I never had a CD burner before okay I got a great Panasonic right now which that transaction yesterday and it wasn't Bokeh Brian's fault it was definitely the people at that same ash place whatever that is that ash hole over there they were there was no problem there was no problem he set up for them to get some nice free publicity for them to get some business I wasn't looking for a wholesale you know it was giving a retail price whatever anybody else off the street would pay for it and give them a little plug I and quite frankly to show you how slow I am I never heard of them before other sand ash stores in the in the town you're hauling up saying well you should have come to us we would have been over backwards we would have delivered it personally so I haven't even the one up there and largely where they have the actual problem because the other ones and I don't know like I said I never heard of them before and besides one guy who wasn't there the last two days they never heard of you either so anyway to make a long story short here I get the thing in here yesterday Bokeh Brian paid which by the way I wanted to pay with a check and they turned down to wouldn't take his check he paid with a credit card which I guess but it didn't bother to check but did any right and so then I give him a check here yesterday and I'll pay it forward and then nobody left town with the equipment you know six hundred dollar piece of equipment which they send here and I wanted to buy a bunch of blank CDs on there you know it would it would be like if you bought your first BCR 25 years ago and you know there was one blank tape and of course back in those days they wouldn't give you a blank tape it would be like a real short when you know like a 30 minute job like a demo kind of a thing and you'd have to go out and buy your own damn blank tape and it would be like so if you said the guy at this sound advice or wherever was okay I want to buy the BCR and a lot of by 20 blank VHS tapes or beta whatever you bought and it's oh well we don't you can't get those we don't have them and you go crap I mean what is that what's the point and so the last part of the show yesterday I mean turned into this big psychotic thing and everybody meant well including Blufflands you brings me a CD this morning which I appreciate profusely a TDK recordable CD CDR XG74 for musical and a Yati Aati Aati and it's got the low away I got no times away I had a Greg we don't miss a beat here okay until default it get his own goddamn faxes but at any rate so anyway a compact this digital audio recordable that's what it has to say on the list and that's it I read the manual with my machine yesterday doesn't say anything about it's got to be a Phillips disc and we have people calling in here yesterday saying oh no you can't just buy any other disc it has to be a Phillips disc remember that not stop and think of the logic in that when you got your first cassette recorder okay maybe it was a Sony did that make because max shell I hate to break the news to you TDK and max shell they don't make cassette decks or CD burners they don't make the hardware they make only the software right there will be like saying if you you got a CD cassette deck you can only play and record CDs made by Sony in there and everybody would go yeah right and the saying is true with this you look at your reading the manual it's always a lot better to read an instruction manual than listen to people calling in with all their bookcraft I mean I know that guy that's revolutionary but it's always better to read the because because the people that Philips said could have been a CD by the way did you know that yes it's in the manual they're very proud of it and the fact that they're from a Holland mix and even better but they tell you that here's the logo and as long as this logo is on there you can use these CDs to be caught on there was a Phillips CD that came in there so now I'm running around frankly all over I go to Best Buy I go to Circuit City I go all over the place did they have the Phillips stuff oh no but they got all these other ones and I I look into manual I see if it's got the logo on there so I go back to Best Buy I get a whole bunch of these what are these what are the hell is it one moment please right now are they Christ what an idea of course oh here they are yeah they're a memoryx now memoryx don't make CD next do they no they make uh stereos no TV no but they and it's a CD R 74 DA and it's got the little logo on there you know a recordable digital audio etc and that's it and guess what they work just fine I didn't know he was an Indian, but at any rate, there's a little Louise. I'm glad that I selected that Louise thing to play off that particular CD, but I burned right there in my house. I burned one, and a CD too. And I'm pretty glad to improv. I'm psyched. I'm whipped up to a frenzy about it. I'm so happy. Even though I had to go through all the bull crappies, I said, and made I guess for some entertaining crappies, you know, kill a couple of hours. Got broken Brian's who was silent, as if he's not already manic enough, you know, without the name. I mean, what, what did they blame in him for? And then, then we get the facts from that, though, Mal content, God, whatever his name was, Mal, Mal, Mal, Mal, Blayman, him again, Mal. Yeah, Mal, content. Probably works for some ad agency on the side. And he's blaming, oh, it wasn't me who was more well, you know, we know you're trying to save your job now, okay? No problem. It's a great piece of equipment. I have no problem with it at all. And as far as any shortage of these disc member acts, whatever, yeah, it's still a student go out and get them anywhere, okay? They got millions of them, like there's some shortages, like these people call in or yesterday at the end of the end of the end, Bluff who meant well, but of course, he's a little behind the time. Is it if you haven't noticed? He's, you know, a 10 days late in a, two hundred years short. How's his desk coming? Oh, okay. But I mean, he, man, well, but he's telling me they're, oh, they're real expensive and $7 a piece and you got to get him by, Mal order and he brings me in a number this morning. And I show him I got a whole bunch of these, uh, member X ones here and they, they sound great. Yeah, what a piece of equipment. You want to buy one of, I want to buy some cheap CDs. No, it'll be power in your CDs, okay. God damn it. Don't be doing this now and getting the CDs and then making copies and giving me your friends because that's really bad. There's a lot of money. There's a lot of money. There's a lot of money. You know, there's a lot of money. There's a lot of money. There's a lot of money. You know, they're pants that you guys are all going to be doing. And instead of everybody go out and buy them, you know, for 12 or 15 or 18 bucks, the original CD that you're going to be doing that. Stop doing those things. So that takes care of that one little problem there. Nice going. Congratulations. Excellent. Thank you, Booker Brian. Even though you had to go through a very traumatic and I apologize to him, I don't apologize to Deco because Deco, uh, don't need that $500. Those horses are getting plenty of hay without all that help from him. The 500 and he's not going to wind up not going to that thing. I mean, with all the contacts that he's got, all these sports, uh, flunkies we got underrun, they can't get a hold on that more. Who the hell is he kidding? He just wants to make it into a big console. I have another reason to start ripping the crap out of me just because I said he's getting gigantic. I'm concerned about him. This crap that I don't care about other people. If I didn't care about other people, what I could be concerned about, Bookshobby, I barely know Bookshobby. And I don't dislike him. He's a good talent. He's got a good voice. He knows his crap. He does a great job on those Marlon games. I like the Bookster. I would just like to see him live beyond the age of 25, whatever it really is, you know. And the same with default. I don't know this guy for 20 years for a crisis. He was always basically the same. He would never fatty with never slum, and a little on a slim side actually. And he's ballooning up like a monster. He's killing himself. And the reason he's killing himself and he's able to afford those big fatting luxurious meals is because he's making all the money on the side, doing all of these things. All this extraneous stuff he's into. Everybody look, there he is. He's got that Saturday morning, the Sony, whatever sports challenge. See, there's a plug for a decoder while listening to it, but nevertheless, and he shows on whammy in those. Every TV stands, sports channels, sunshine. Everybody look, there he is with Kimba Bo-Jango's and they got another, I don't be grudge him as often. But he's eating himself to death with all that cash. That he's not the part that he's not losing the track. Whatever is left over. Here's homestead, hello. Well Neil, yes sir. How are you doing today? Great. Good. Let me ask you something about the heat game and then New York game. Okay. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale, huh? Neil, what's up? How are you doing, sir? Did you believe that? Can you believe that, Calsa? Can you believe what a jackass we got to start to show today? That's the beginning. I hate to follow that. Hey, about the D-Bot thing. I'm listening to Bo-Size. I'm listening to Bo-Size. I'm listening to Bo-Size. Bo-Size now. I think I'm going. I think you did the wrong thing, everybody. No, I did not. But about going to... Let me say it again. I didn't do the wrong thing, but because you were a gunlober, therefore, we want to... No, you don't have a gunlober. Well, just sounds like it. Is that where you're going with this? Yeah. I know it. How did I know that? How did I know that? See, if I would have said that the NRA was great, you would have said, nice going there, tearing up that fax and deco. I think that's very... You're just a sucker. Let me make a poor one. Go ahead. Yes, I'll go ahead. That's a pebble. Let me do it. It's a pebble. Can you? Carry laws. Can you carry laws? See, you gun violence rates dropped 30%. How do you explain that? Did the fax... What? I don't even know what the fax is. I don't even know what you just said. You can. Do you like them or not? Can you see, you'll carry laws? And you know what that is. You mean, in other words, that let you carry a controlled weapon? Right. And you think that everybody should walk around with a concealed weapon? Violet. Gun violence goes down 30%. Yeah, right. It does. You look it up, idiot. Yeah, look it up. You look it up. Okay. You look it up. Stick it up here. Yeah, idiot. That's right. If everybody had a gun in there, a holster on their way, a thing like the old wild west idiot, see, that's what I'm saying. Right off the bat. I knew it immediately. As soon as he takes the, you know, wants to take a shot at me. Yeah, you did the wrong thing. Their ennagos, it was gunloven thing. Default, you can have that guy. Okay, he's one of your people. Asshole. Not default, this guy. Well, 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WDQM, Hollywood. Holy, Macaron. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Gaugh. And don't forget, by the way. Add agency people, I ran so 1031 at 560, WDQM. I love those gunnuts. Man, those are my favorite people. The gun huggers, the gun squeezers, the guys with a real little tiny like weasel like penises, you know, that have their phallix thing. Yeah, there's definitely the rec correlation between the fact that we got a lot more people running around with concealed weapons and the fact that violent crimes down. But there's definitely a correlation there. They showed us the statistic on CNN a couple of days ago. I think the number was 55. Look it out by the way, stupid. 55,000 and some people were killed with guns, handguns in his country last year. And in the whole country in Japan, the whole year, I think the figure was two or three to the whole year. And you want to know why? Because nobody's walking around with handguns over in Japan, or in most other civilized countries either. But it's a total waste of time because you'll never, ever break through this mentality. It is in grain like apple pie and... That's the American god and hate. It's like just as in grain as any of those other things. And chivalry, all the way, do like Corvette. So there you go, sir. You don't have to worry about a thing because you got all your buddies up there and you're in the inner way. They're pained everybody off and they can't pass anything that makes any sense. So we got the new times out this week. They're annual best of and more stuff and et cetera. So on which is very talk about crime. Wow. Here's the best AEM. Well, let's start with the best FM. Best FM radio personality. New times the pseudo-intellectuals over there. Pick a guy, I never heard of. Albee silk on EBR on Jamit 99.1. And it go on and on about him. Readers choice was Howard Stern but new times like Albee silk. Best AEM radio personality was... Hey, stupid! Hank Orberg. See, we all be like this though, like, you know. Like, remember the year that they picked Phil Henry and the Readers pick me. See, that's good because it gives the station a little bit of balance. Even though some people claim I don't care about anybody else which of course is they blatant effing lie. But you know when people are getting fat, they start reacting badly and blaming everybody else. I know. Anyway, speaking of that, Hank Orberg it says his four-hour talk show weekdays on WQA from Tudosus PM is ostensibly a sports program but Goldberg's pugnacious Punditary. Woo! Stretch is far beyond the wide world of sports. One reason, Tuesday afternoon for example, the Hammer managed to pound on the following topics. Big Oco restaurant, I was the only one there who didn't have Blue Harry said. Highly a racetrack. What's that skinny disease? Anorexia and anorexic wouldn't drop there. And the war between the mayors over the Miami Circle Penelis is getting on my nerves again if you can't see that he's grandstanding. His relentless self-assurance, whether he's touting a 30-to-one long shot of Gulfstream, waiting against Mikasuki Indian gaming or chatting amply with a Panthers defenseman. I hate to break the news, too, but Denise Panthers never been a Panthers defenseman. But nevertheless, makes his an undeniable voice of authority. If you're looking for a truly independent, passionate, old school chronicle of Miami Sports and life, forget the Harold, trust the Hammer. That was funny. Readers choice, Neil Rogers. Neil, God. So there he got up to nice QAM. We went out all the way along. Eric Greg Reed was happy. He was trying to pedal this way. Get out of here. Greg, we already got our own copy. Okay, me just turned around around out. By the way, did Duff come in here and sit down and discuss with me that situation about the effect? No, okay. That was the best part. That was my favorite part. Duff Lindsey should come and have a conversation with me about my professionalism, whether or not it passed along the fact that I read to the man right on the air here yesterday. I read it to him. Did he come running in here like anytime at all or did he come wobbling in here? Anything, say hey, you got that facts? Did he do that? No. But what he does is go on here the next morning, belly aching about the fact that somehow it never reached him. Like I was supposed to stick it in his box and the facts too, you know? And I see, I totally once we saw those mailboxes up there, do we have a mailbox? No, no. But now that the sports nerds have got a mailbox. Now, you see, so he just used that as he used to lower it over the fact they got a mailbox and we don't. But guess what, do we care? No, no. That's right. See, I picked the greatest day in the history of my life to take that whole attitude which is, I don't give a sh**t anymore. Yeah, that's my new attitude now. Starting yesterday and I feel a lot better as a result of it. I got my CD burger. Life is great. Life is sweet, which I think is his line. So anyway, in this disgusting best of and keep in mind that these are the pseudo intellectuals over there, okay? New Times magazine, the self-proplained pseudo intellectuals. So you think that they would be outraged the things like this, but never, here's the best radio station. Here's their choice. I mean, this is so anxious, so unacceptable. But you know what it reminds me of? What do I do with that letter to the other? I'd probably bury that thing by now. Long, oh, here it is. News papers, prejudice against Christians as Carol Zarella and Western. I was a Paul that you would print the cartoon on April 26 to picking Christians as the enemy of the students of anyone else. Since prayer was taken out of the classroom, as violence is entered with many deaths and injuries. We Christians don't hurt people of different views. We pray for them. And that's what they said in the acquisition, too, I guess. Following every disaster, the president or an official says, let us pray for the victims. Why is the sunset and also prejudice? We Christians are constantly persecuted by the media. They just pretend they don't get it, you know? Like this is a Christian country, isn't it? No. Right. Doesn't everybody else have a right to a different point of, no. No. So the same thing with this particular issue, best radio station new times magazine selects 97.7 FM on license. Now, this is just above the a column where they picked the best drug dealers in town. Isn't that one going to be next? You're on must be. But this would be like saying the best, are sinness, the best murderer. Well, we know who that is. I'll get to that in a minute. Are we taking her this story about about, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you guys better strap yourselves in to the okay and don't look off to us. Best radio station, 97.7 FM on license. See, when they're in the newspaper business, no had to get license from the federal government and spend millions and millions of dollars to get it. And equipment and all this other stuff. But I guess you can, you know, you know, have this kind of laws they fair attitude about the broadcasting industry. It says this is the real adult contemporary format. DJ's play everything from Motown to hip hop with no annoying commercials adds our rare on 97.7. Though every once in a while, and see, we'll pull your gigabissilin or one of his buddies. But every business has bills to pay, right? Like, like this is a legitimate business they're talking about. This station is also interactive and community oriented, especially using are the rides with a lively music bit. At E.J. will ask the color rapid fire questions in a colorable response example. Would you give me money? Yes, I will. Yes, I will. How much would you give me $20? $20? During high school football season, colors bring their team pride of the year for all the here. We're out to you who's running the show after the FCC rated the Liberty City Studios in the live 1998 and carried away their two thousand watt transmitters. But good ideas are like mushrooms that pop up overnight. And within a few weeks of the rates, the station was all again on the year. When we got tired of the golden oldies and modeling slow dance tune segments, we surf over to 8 9.1 on license for a more raw and less elect eclectic hip hop format, but the signals a little weak. So they like over at new times, they like illegal is what they like. That's what they like the best when they get tired of some of the stuff on this illegal station, then they turn over to another one. Nice nice message that you're sending out there over at new times, you ask holes, you moron and you know something, I don't doubt that they're playing better music. I'm playing better music on my CDs now that I got my CD. But what does that got to do with it? Jesus Christ, I mean we're talking crazy people over there. And we get so much of this from the audience too. Oh yeah, when those those pirate stations are great, they're breaking the effing law. That's some little tiny like Jaywalking law. They're cluttering up the airways that people have invested millions and billions of dollars to put legitimate commercial stations on the year. They're trying to make a living with crap with whatever they want to put on there. And by the way, they're also using every goddamn order to ever invent it, which if we use it, we're going to go to jail. You can't, I don't even have time between now and two, a clock to mention all the goddamn laws that they're breaking. Oh well, yeah, but we like it. Great. Go to work for new times they like it too, but to assholes. I always voted if we're assholes. Thank God for CityLink, man. Thank God for them. They suck me, I suck them. Well that's what life works. I don't want to start getting too excited because then you think I care and I don't. I don't care anymore. That's my new attitude and I feel great about it too. Just like that facts, okay? Defeat. I don't care. If you feel bad about it, it's too bad. In fact, why doesn't he demand the $500? He's not going to miss out on that thing. He'll be there with bells on. Like, like he doesn't know, marino and shoo and all the other people that are on that list, every single one of them was one of his sports nerd buddies. So what's the problem? Call one of them. I'll build you to the inside scoop. But he's going to make a big issue out of it. Like, I'm some kind of an asshole and son of a bitch. Just because I said he's getting fat and you are getting fat, okay? We're trying to help you and you don't want to be helped. Always these people are in denial, you know? Like fat boy, look at him in a minute. 20-24-11 at 5-60 WQN don't miss out on the way. We bloody fly off. Here. Fly off. All the bloody fly off. Are you? I wear two soldiers and the straight pants up there. I wear this right. I took the walk down down the street and the took out my flashlight. And I took sex shit, dump the funny. When I saw photos blood, then I jumped over the wall and then I don't take those dolls. Told me that I've some thumbs to hear so I looked around some more. And I took sex shit, dump the funny. When I found a funny smile, a funny fly off. All the bloody tellkater, a funny fly off. Roy. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Next thing we knew, I'll tell you, we're on a list of people. All right. Now we're in an L.A. jail charge for double, on a site. Not believe it, but the grief, murder is guilty of. I can see car. I'm a bloody fly off. All right. This is an astonishing story. Let me preface this story by the way. I was telling you a little incident that happened when I left here yesterday. Okay. That kept us a tie-in coming. So as I leave yesterday, we have some inside parking down here, which of course, being a big shot like I am, I have one of those special whatever they call those, those card keys, those clickers, whatever they're like, so I can get on the inside, even though it's like a wide open down there. But nevertheless, so I parked on there. Usually 90% of the time if this spot is open, I wound up because of the time that I get here. But once that's available, that's covered, happens to be the one on the very end. They're in a very tough spot to back out of, but nevertheless, I do it just about a B.D. So you have to then go not to my car, and here's the water Nazi, tell us. And our program director, PG, our PG pussy galores sitting out there on the bench, chatting about whatever. And I had like a couple of words to the program director and the white card, of course, not there, because we don't speak. And so I get my car and I'm backing out. Okay, now backing from that spot as you know, is not the easiest thing in the world. They have to back straight up and then make a little bit of an angle. And then, you know, make your right turn go forward a little bit. Because if there's another car parked there, which they're always there's all just about. And it was yesterday, and then back up again and zip out of there. That means not the end of the world, but it's not an easy thing. And usually, if anybody is standing back there or they're sitting on a bench, they got enough common sense that when you're backing out of there, that when anybody is backing out, you get up and get that out of the way. And you know, let them go as far back as possible because it's a tough squeeze. So they get up and get out of the way. Oh, they're sitting there, they're popping up, you know. And so I'm watching in the review mirror. And now, Duff is giving me like directions. Okay, he's showing me with a hand, you know, come on back, come on back. And I'm not watching her. I'm watching him with a hand. That's why I'm backing up and they turning a little bit, you know, and all of a sudden, and here. Ha! And I rolled on a window and here's the water mouth, he says, I know you hate me, but are you trying to kill me? I said, hey, I'm just watching him. He's giving me the directions, the hand signals. And then of course, he turned on him and rightfully so. So it was blocked that was trying to kill you, if he was not me. Now was I trying to hit her? No, but I'm just leaving her behind. I don't know what I'm thinking about. Now, I don't want to say who had a great line for this, by the way. I don't want to mention who came up with this line. She's already got that handy catch to carry on her, but anyway, I don't want to say that. That's bad. So then when I backed up the second time, ah, stop! And of course, that time was on purpose. I know I was going to hit her, but it just put the fear of god in her. So anyway, moving along from that. I've told you all the stories about the water not to you and how she loves to boss everybody around. She's got her own little empire back there. And she's been here 100 years and got naked pictures. And she's got her own little parkants spot down there. And none of us even think about the park in there. So at any rate, come to find out that last night. Our sales face person, not a sales hole, but our sales face guy. You know what I'm talking about? Oh, every folder of the countenance life, but he's the face man. Remember that memo I read that day? About when they have trouble closing in the countenance and oh, okay with the sales hole. And yeah, and he closes, you know, the ex-dolphin and that's good. He's a good guy like Roy. Roy! But. But. Like everybody else all the rest of us, he's not perfect. And one of the flaws he has is, uh, well, do I dare say the initials? Do we know where they went to there by the way? Oh, man. Do we have any idea in the grove? But we can find out the exact spot. Too bad we couldn't have found out ahead of time. You know? We'd have problem with it. Because I know where, you know, those old fashioned the poll chains they have in the toilet. You know what I'm talking about? Because Roy had dinner with, uh, old man. Oh, Jay last night in the grove. And we have a whole core of little old Jay likers in his radio station. Now, see, I happen to be one of those people. You know, that thing was, uh, James Carville and Mary Maddole and her Magdalene or whatever her name is. That's got to be one of the most bizarre marriages in history. She's a real right-wing bitch and he's a real liberal, uh, whatever it hell is, ball-thed a geek. And they're married. You know, they're probably screaming in the alarm while they're doing it. You know, they're, uh, y'all and, uh, Tommy fascist, uh, whatever. So I'm just not one of those people that be friends. I just can't do it. I don't be friends right-wing lunatics. It's just, it's just not in my best interest. I can't do that. Okay. Just can't set aside those kinds of things. And the same would be if I knew somebody that turned out to be an axiom order that would have murdered two people in cold blood and everybody knew about it. I don't think I could continue to be that person's friend. I'm maybe, call me, disloyal, call me, uh, hypocritical, whatever was this morning. I was being called fine. I don't care because like I said, I don't give a crap anymore. Call me whatever you want. And so this, the fact that we have a core of OJ liquor in this building, the stirps me greatly. One of them, I don't want to mention her name that almost got the crippled yesterday. He's got all kinds of pictures of this creep of this murdering piece of turd in her office. All over the walls. And our sales manager, screw in and her good friend Roy. Also, happen to be big OJ liquor. That there's a little fraternity, those three. But then to find out that when somebody in the building discovered that Roy was going to have dinner with OJ last night, do I dare mention that it was Sam the sham who hasn't shown his face in here yet? He's probably going to go in a hiding for days now. What? No, he has no shame. No, you're right about that. He has no shame. Of course, anybody that looks like the dead end grew Andrew Kuenan and why she had a heavenly shame. He's probably on the houseboat right now. He's got an old copy of Sports Illustrated that's got OJ on the cover. And he slips it to Roy and he says, Do you think you can get him to autograph this for me? Huh? He slips it to Roy. He's slipped it to Roy and then Roy slips it to, oh well. Well, that was before. Yeah. Many times we don't want to hear that. I hear that's his business. That's between them. I mean, I'm not figuring about a little. It's between them. Boy, there's a lot of crack goes on in this place, man. I mean, you know what? I like I said yesterday. I've played now. I've got a whole different answer. I find it most amusing. I'm not going to get upset about it. Although I do get upset about the fact that we got the assholes that look OJ's butt. That's that to me. That's why I draw the line. You know, I can't stand that. And now that I find out that we got to see and the thing with sand, that doesn't surprise me because a lot of the guys we got around here are groupies, the sports nerd people, their groupies. Oh, can I get your autograph? You know, that kind of crap. Jackson Furs. But the notion that somebody wants that murdering piece of crafts autograph. See, you don't have time to get my name spelled right in the Immarlon program or do any of those other things. Or they have like a meaningful promotion for the radio station. He doesn't have time because he's too busy, you know, seeking glory, holes or whatever he's doing. Getting autographs from famous celebrities. Guys who want to work, Jack Strabb. You know, all the others are silly garbage. More on. Like OJ. Oh, man. Maybe I'm wrong. Anybody out there go to, uh, would go to dinner with OJ. I bet you, I bet you, I know who would go to dinner with OJ. If OJ bought, I don't want to mention no name. They stopped. Yeah, there you go. He would go to dinner with OJ. If OJ promised to buy. In fact, you know, I'd be real interested because OJ's fall on hard financial times. I'd be real fascinated to find out who bought that dinner last night between Roy and OJ. Wouldn't that be interesting? Because if OJ's got money to be buying Roy dinner, then he ought to be paying, uh, you know, the Goldman's. Maybe there's still sitting there. Wait to see who's going to pick up the check. That could be it. Well, maybe Rimmerl show up. One of these days. I'd be hooked this wander in by accident. Oh, yeah, can I grab that? Hold your breath, guys. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. I got a whole Todd Dreck thing I got new here yet today. Oh, yeah. Major, Major piece I got to do on that. I don't want to lip off about it too much, but, uh, you know, this, in the past, I can only think all the years I've been on here. I can only think of a couple of times that I've ever gone to the extraordinary lengths of getting involved. One was with a satellite guy. Remember that? With a satellite dish? And then it was one guy who insisted on advertising and I said no for years. And I never did. But there was another guy who got on the year. They turned out to be a real pain in the ass. And we finally just blew him off. And it was a nightmare. And this thing that I got here with my friends at Coligan Water, who love the radio station. They loved me. I love them. They, you know, we got a bottled water thing here that all the people up here on the third floor. They love the water. They love the Coligan people. They love the Coligan man. I got that water softener that put in my house again. A nice silky shower this morning. My skin feels like about 100 years younger and great drinking water. I'm, they're ecstatic to be on the year with me. And I'm ecstatic to have them. They're wonderful people. Chris and a whole bunch of going over there. They're great. But we got Todd Drec and we got these agency people. I don't want to mention Mark Lipoff because then Todd will go off again. You know, I want to want to lip off about that. I will just say, Adagency people are asshole. And I just foresee it as as they're coming here. You know, I just see something really, which is unfortunate because they're very happy to be on the year with me. I'm ecstatic to be with them. They give me great service of those. They give us great service up here at the radio station. It's a match made in heaven. Only sales holes could screw up and do you like this? That's how solid it is. That's how great things are between me and the Coligan people. But leave it to our Todd Drec and here and this guy, agency guy. Who's a schmuck? Who's a schmuck? And I just don't know what to do about it now because of course we have nobody involved in these things here. Is Ray Perry involved? No. We've seen does we even know if Ray Perry exists anymore? No. Are new sales manager? No. No. Then we were going to see every Tuesday morning. He was going to come by. These are the kind of things we were going to discuss with him. Do we see him at all? No. And we've seen him ever since. So we came up on the third floor except that they brought my mom on tickets in. No. No. See, in this case, I do care. Or, narrowly, I wouldn't care anymore. But in this case, I do care because they're nice people. And they've got a great company. It's a, you know, it's a natural. It's a great fit. But unfortunately, I'm getting fits because we got add agency people involved. And a local sales guy here, it's running around the hall creating problems with everybody in the building. Even the janitor, you know, the janitor he's not enough to about this stuff. That's what Jeff High told me. Ken? Hey, listen, like I said, I don't care anymore. Oh, God, what a place. And like I said, it's great. It's the best place to urge an eye of everywhere. Oh, yeah. Because nobody cares. Four minutes before 11 is fine. By the way, speaking of nobody cares, wait until you find out who's a handsome, there at the Prickness and Baltimore getting ready for this weekend. And on the ISD and phone line from Philadelphia, where he has his full time job, builds in for Phil's in for Hector's afternoon, which is embarrassing. And then we got the mad dog Jim Mandis to support 730. We got the Colorado Detroit hockey game. You're selling your home, looking to buy one. Let me tell you about by owner. My aim is, my aim is, my aim is, my aim is, my aim is, my aim is, my aim is, hockey is the all-like good little sinkers. That fun little sound that comes right out you think. Want a copy of me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for writing little songs about boo boo. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which device through all I'm going to fall on. And Dr. Dreas. You know, Mad you passed good. Hey, I'm not. What was that last? Game you were looking for. Well, since age 12, it seems like I always smell like a rip and gas and juice was pretty swear. I got this job when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard and turned my under-board backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner mad. Then caught up my ass, fast as a fat bitch who ain't you fat. Smell this honey. You'll split him in for girls, huh? I don't give a fuck. God said me to think the world up. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. Bell. Bell. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. Bell. I just see you want to meet Kikka out back in Julia Ha. The problem was something. Proud of my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my paper. What's happened later when I covered his desk with his toilet paper. Walk in the strip club. My testers will fill it up. Most of Bob Tennis took a dump in a kid girl. When over to a death, I had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. In the 99 cent of my life I would lie to. I just found out my mom got all kids to not do. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about Jerry's noise. They'd all make crap. You know you would dare when the women crush Leigh. You'd rather hold her back but she wasn't needed to relieve her. This guy at one castle said it was pretty cool. But I had to go. I had to drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Okay, so what's that? You must name Mark Leeploss and then... Four minutes after 11, it's five will get him in the middle. Oh, about 50 hours, 560 WCA and we got the middle of applause for Hank at 2. Can you believe that? Bill's infirm? No, I'm out of town up in Palovento. Oh no! Why? Anyway, this is interesting. Here's... Go ahead. I don't even know how to describe this. It's the same tax word for word which I was going to get through. Now you have my impatient listen around there. The first one is signed Barney. And the second one is Pisa, he says, oh, Barney at the end of the first one. And the second one in different type in different font, it says, oh, an atheist. Well, maybe he's progressing now, because we found out yesterday that the atheist closet boy, that door is locked tight. How does it drum? I mean, I read that letter from Holly Dordy, which I've saved. Religion is not the issue that great letter of the editor in a herald yesterday. And the amount of response we got on it, we could have stuck in your rectum. And room for the Soviet army left over in there. I mean, no response at all. Which I'm going to take a poll about that little while, by the way, because I think that George and I have been whistling in a fart storm for a long time. But you know, I'm not going to stop. I'm not going to stop talking about those things just because of the majority of you are just too boneheaded to understand them or just too terrified of death, too much of a bunch of posses. Anyway, it says the weekly magazine edition of the Washington Postes that according to a national survey, many Americans already say they'll be talking to God when the year 2000 dawns. Maybe they mean. The survey found 36% of those interviewed say that they praying more than usual to wash a random new millennium. 27% say they'll seek spiritual guidance. And 25% claim they'll go to church more often on or after December 31, 1990. The survey also showed that generation X, late 20s, early 30s are significantly more likely than elderly people to believe the new millennium is significant from a religious standpoint. Oh, 34% of generation Xers believe this compared to the late 22% of people over 60. Not surprisingly, subteners are more likely than people living elsewhere in the US to discuss the new millennium at church. Yeah. And as Barney and the atheist or whoever he really is says, it should be 0% in all categories. Obviously. We were changing the day and on a calendar. Or gee, I'd tear this up. Somebody might need this. We're changing the day and on a calendar. And as George pointed out, which I've never read you thought about before, until you're 2001, we're not in the next millennium anyway, still at 20th century. I want you to stop and think about something. OK, when you talk about when you count in tens or in hundreds, OK? You don't count the number zero, do you? No. Oh. You started one. So counting in numbers, whether it's years, whether it's eggs, whether it's roses, whatever it is, it starts with one. It ends with 10. The next 10 starts with 11. Are you following? I mean, I know this is terrible. And don't blame me, blame George. He's the one that pointed out to me a couple of weeks ago. I never gave it much thought. There was no year's euro. There was no year's euro. The 21st century doesn't start until year 2001. That'll be the first year of the 21st century. Does anybody talk about that? No. No, because there's all this other hype going on. And hence, did it with all these computer chips sent you know, for the year 1900, as opposed to 2000? That's a computer thing that has nothing to do with what century it is. Oh, boy. I hate to break the news to all those Y2K people, but their big movies couldn't have this summer. And it's not going to phase anybody anyway, because that's always what the American people say. Don't confuse us with a fact, Mr. OK? That's the American fucking way. That's right. The 21st century don't start until the year 2001. That's the first year of the 21st century. Just like 10 is the last number of the first group of 10. It's not 029. So how can 99 be the last of a group? You know what I'm saying? Do they understand what I'm talking about? No, first not. Because I'm peeing on there for OG or confusing us with a fact again, we hate you for that. Yeah, I know. Like all that God bullcredt. And like dying. Oh, no, no. That's 2D present. Boy. OK, and like I've always said, what you see is most definitely that what you get. If you don't believe me, just stop and think about Ricky Martin for 20 seconds. It's far enough away from lunch. What you see is definitely definitely now what you get. What do you're looking on top on the surface or on the bottom? Eight minutes after 11 is 560 WQA, the Phoenix. And it's where 80's all from there. Oh. Oh, being done and gone, you're getting home, free, just show and walk. Yeah. Oh  Oh Oh Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, are you sure? Oh, yes, it is. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, boy, that answers your question about the poll that's most definitely keep going on that religion. Okay, is there a God's share? Of course. And you believe in life after death? Of course. Okay. Anyway, let me move on to a little bit. What does that mean? I understand, but go ahead. Okay, EFO? Yes. What a cry baby. Unbelievable. Yeah. I think he said himself back several years this morning with that performance. And not only once, but my spy reports told me he was a random, or a random about it in about a quarter to ten. Oh, my gosh. Yeah, over and over. Who in that, who in that building man was seen with O.J. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. And what are the things about jewelry? How was this appearance with the Pablo Polota? Oh, goodbye, Neil. Two. Oh, the big. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. You understand what he said there with that to, I don't either. But it was kind of interesting. Love it not. Love it twenty, seven, five, sixty, W.C. I'm here, so. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, means to strike. In English, F.C. Falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John F.C. Surely. It's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the F.C.C. Work as part of an adverb. Surely talks to F.C.C.C. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective. Surely is F.C.C. Beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***. As part of a word, the absolute f*** can literally, for, in the f*** incredible. And, as almost every word in a sentence, f*** the f***ing f*** is. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ed if they used carolot. This may, off f***ing. Trouble. I guess I'm really f***ing now. Aggression. Don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you. Or you could just say, I don't give a f***ing more. Or you just tip the f***ing there as opposed to. Okay, 1133 at 5. 60 WDQM has a facts America who says, I don't know about the airs in atheist. Okay, so that answers the question. Thank you, Eric. Put it down on the pole because this obviously is, and speaking of, everything beautiful by the way, Brittany Spears was on MTV yesterday. Who I will confess was certainly a lot prettier than any of the back street boys, even Nick. But there she was, looking really, really good. And who was it in this place that said that he was, I didn't like her because she has fully. Please don't tell me it was Robert the grim greeper. I said he didn't like her because she's got fake boobs. I mean, come on, let's get serious. You think that Robert has ever seen a real breast? She claims he has. He claims he's not a virgin. We always thought he was, but he said no. Plains he's not a virgin one. In other words, he's done it with himself. Does that make him not a virgin anymore, is that what he means? Oh, must be. Anybody that would not put any spears has got to be, probably a communist I would say. Was it there or was it not like her? Ellie. Belly. She's always got the beer or the mid-griff on there. Always stick it in out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the whatever it is. 18, 2, while it's lying. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? Okay, sir. I read my call. Did you rip my ass yesterday? And for what? Well, I don't, I'll explain. I wish to elucidate you on the topic that you go off on playoff and that's promotion support. Right? Yeah. You say that the station doesn't promote itself. We don't. Properly. We don't have any. Can't complain about our promotions. We don't have any. Okay. First of all, I did not discharge on Saturday. I was a guy who drove pay. I know who this is. You have to be because there wasn't anybody else that was even thinking about going on there. Right? I plan to go there. Right. I drove by the dealership or road buy. If I'm going to get these calls, we're going to have. Don't you understand how ponders this is? I mean, it sounds like you're seeking absolute solution or something. I can't give it to you. I am. I mean, I called the, when you call the first time about this, you were like, you were ripping yourself. Well, I was. We do want to confessional on that. We're saying the motion. The van was parked with the doors not. Well, let me ask you that. Wait, this way. Let me ask you that. Wait a minute. What are you doing? I could you have thought about going by there if you didn't know that he was there. There was no balloons, no flags, no nothing, no people. There was nothing. There was nothing. You were saying there was stuff there. He said the van was here and there were a van was just a few. The play was a door spacing toward the dealership. Yeah. It's so insight. But let me say it again. You knew about it, didn't you? Yeah, but I figured it was closed up. I was looking for a party. Oh, and that's why you didn't say that to the US. That's 24 hours now. Like I said, seeking to absorb yourself from your guilt. And I know you want to feel better about yourself. I know you don't want to feel like a scumbag like you didn't, rightfully so. Yeah, I did. And you should. No, I shouldn't. Guy goes all the way down there. You haven't any idea how far this George goods in Hollywood. I didn't think how far it is from homestead to Hollywood. I would have to let him say it. Wow, from homestead. Right. So I'm talking about you. That's the point. You live right down on the left of the world. The motions. Where were the balloons? Where were the flags? I had George's as we had balloons. The looney. No, he didn't have it in the looney for them. If we had free balloon, he may be somebody who had to run up. All they had was a little van with a blackout windows and the door staking door. We're not the idea promotion here. We don't. I want to get the van parked up in the dealership. I was running around. Let me ask you this. Did you get paid for this appearance? Well, yeah. Did you get the money already? Sure. Okay. So there's no problem. I'll go for a business. There you go. So I don't feel bad about it. I do feel back about it. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. So there are God. I don't know. Oh, wait. Let me make another call. That's good. Why don't you? I can not. Okay. Life after death. No. Okay. And should we stop talking about this? Definitely not. Okay. Thank you, sir. And you're resolved. Thank you. God bless you. I'm going to send a biscuit right. That's what the keeper L. C. 560. 560. Thank you so much. I want to hear you tell me what you think I want you to say. I want to hear an honest opinion. I'll get you that. I haven't opinion on this. Christ. Oh, excuse me. Jesus. Don't understand the people in this town, man. It's just in the matter. You picked the topic. No matter what it is. No matter what it might be. No matter how provocative. No matter how you name it. They adjust. You cannot penetrate them. It's like trying to penetrate a brick wall. Cooper City. Hello. Yes, sir. I got a fireport. Yes? 6 to 10 starting Monday. So entering back. Yeah, right. Also, if you've seen Jimmy Johnson yet. Again. Have I seen him again? Have you seen Jimmy Johnson? Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T World of Slime. Great call pal. Like I said, both those. I think we're like going a little bit too fast for these people out there. We're going to 600 open lines. Nobody wants to touch this with a rotten banana. And you know something those people who do believe. I'm really impressed as usual. I'm really impressed by your sincerity and by your deep. You know. See, that's why they won't argue with me. And they work as they have no argument. They got on that. They don't have a foot to stand on. They don't have a total stand on. And here this girl from from our first minute in high school has got more common sense than 90% of you put together out there. And more guts than 100% of you put together. And they're saying that's why the world is in the shape that it is today. And especially here in this country, we got a bunch of pussy's out there. Just want to go along. Just like all those people go to the football games and stand up for the invocation, even though they're hawking a China with somebody else's religion, they don't believe in. And it has no place being there. And they're like a half of those of us who got the guts not to stand up for that crap. Totally inappropriate. Totally intolerant. Totally insensitive. Like religious people usually are. Just trampling over everybody else with their bull crab. As opposed to finding the appropriate place for it. Like in the toilet. 21 till noon is 560 WQ. Can't beat that gator meat. I want it until the kitchen. Don't give it a fucking thought. And I strategically measure one stroke of the rent. Cream is the double shot. I have one cup in the morning, and the minister holds it on top. I think I'm dreaming if I went with a coffee. Went with a coffee and door to every. And you probably think this song is about you. Your can't feel you. I'll bet you think you're dying with a poem. You don't know. Yes, there's a god how come we have diarrhea right? But I'd like somebody to answer that question for me. Well, that's man. That's the devil again. Get into our stomach. Get into our intestines. Must be the devil done again. Fine. How come the devil is able to get into our intestines? How come we're able to have all of these things, huh? Why are we in a better view? Why are we in a better view? I'm tired of being tested already. Get tested in school enough. We don't need life to be this big, gigantic test. What's the point? He's not just going to be a goddamn test. God's not convinced you on the level. Yeah, well, tough crap. Okay, I'm not convinced he's on the level. In fact, when you go up there, have to be sure to take one of those levels with you. And if that little thing there is that little, what do you call it? Bubble. Now, a little there you go. A little bubble burst. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, ponds. I'm 60 on the AT&T and don't be lip and off to him either when you go up there. Don't give no lip off up there. Mark lip off my ass. Everybody in this town got an agency. Everybody's a genius. Everybody's an expert. Everybody takes very simple things that they make it very complicated. That's right. I don't know anything. Just like a foot he says, if it's over there, why 100? What does Neil Rogers know about anything, huh? Maybe he might have got them CD border right over the air and get it done straight without a whole bunch of crap. That's the kind of pixel he is over there. Neil Rogers, in fact, the new Times magazine, picks him behind the hopper. I do like that, which I love that. I think it's great because maybe someday if I get, you know, when I get old, I'll probably even talk about blue hairs. Here's over town. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. There's this, the question is the way you're asking the question. Okay. You tell me how to ask the question. I'm a teacher so I can help you. Okay. All right. I'm listening to you and George Talk about religion. I think you're right. I'm not using the word atheist. I'm not using the word atheist. I'm not using the word atheist. I'm not using the word atheist. I'm not using the word atheist. I've ever seen that. But you know, you do. But the atheist or just as long as the people who believe in God, because there's no proof that there is a God, there's no proof that there isn't a God. There's no evidence. There's no such thing as negative proof. It's like saying there's no such thing. There's no proof that there's little green men on Mars. Right. What I'm saying is you can't prove there is. You can't prove there is. You can't prove there is. I'm not saying. I don't know. I believe in someone. Yeah. If I put down a quiet, the one guy, I went as soon as he said, I don't know. I put down a column. Oh, you did. You made a third column. I heard him. I made a third column. I don't know. Yeah. But what about the Jewish guy? He called up. He was about the cultural statistics. He put him down in the atheist, right? He's not in the atheist line. He's the Jew. He said he was. I didn't put him down. I didn't put him down in any line, because I never got to ask him the question. Oh, I thought you did. I didn't. It's not an atheist column. I didn't know. It's not an atheist column. I teach your friend. I didn't know what atheist. I'm looking at the piece of paper right in front of me. I didn't write the word atheist down. I said, is there a God? Yes, you're no. Okay. And the third column for. I don't know. I'm wish I, I don't even. I think probably the close thing to God ever walked in the third of Carl's things. Okay. So in other words, you say, no, you would say no. But say, no, but say, no, but say. Is there life after death? Is there a life after death? Is there a life after death? Most likely not. You know, but certainly hope there is. I mean, Einstein said, or not was an Einstein, but who the hell said it? But come on here. Let me ask you this question. Because you are a teacher. Let me ask you this. Go ahead. In order for you to exist. We have all of these organs that are part of a human body. You're brain, your heart, your liver, your colon, your gallbladder until they take it out. And all of these things. How can you have some kind of life, even assuming there was a soul? Unless you have the body for the five senses to function, how could you see God? How did the soul see without eyes without a brain without a heart? What kind of a concept is that? It's an additional thinking. I understand I completely, but I mean, other than my heart being, when I'm sleeping and dreaming, I'm living a life in my dreams. I'm thinking, okay, I think your thoughts can be alive. But the question is, after your death, can you keep them organized? How can you, how can you have a body? How can you have a body? How can you, how can you have thoughts when your brain doesn't function in the brain? Oh, it's the internet. What was that? How can you have thoughts without a brain? What your brain is, deadly? That, that is, that's the big question. And it's a big question. I believe you're correct. And I'm going to rot in the ground and turn to dust. It worms and then dust, it's like you and everybody else. I believe that's probably what's going to happen. Right. But I like to keep that door open. I want, you know, I don't go out and see the belly of the mouth. Keep it open. Just in case. Just in case. Yeah, I'm not going to make any problems with the 20 body. If I don't live my life, man, well, you're going to be good so that I can be rewarded. I just, I hope that I can keep thinking after I'm dead, Dennis. There you go. I'll see you down there. Okay. Take it easy. Five, six, seven. He was interesting. I mean, you know, he's, see this is, I'm glad he called because this is what most people do. Well, I'm just in case, you know, keep the door open. I'm the door ain't open, man. Let me see. Yeah, keep your fingers crossed and your legs. Keep your legs crossed real tight because if you do that then you got a better chance if you're living at, you know, somewhere good. Because if you open your legs too many times, man, you got real real serious problems. And that what the Bible says. If you open them maybe like two times too many, that's right. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, palm five, sixty, honey, eighty and ten, where I was lying. I mean, the fear of death is just astonishing. And I don't understand because we all live in Florida unless you're a tourist. I mean, you can smell the death. We ought to be very familiar with death down here. Death is a partner life. Death is life. A substitute for life here. When a shopping mall in sunrise is the number two tourist attraction in a whole goddamn state. That should tell you how lively this place is. You come back here from virtually any place else in the world. And you know that death is in the air. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Ready for the poll question. Okay. Is there a God, sir? No. Did he say, no. Life after death. No. No. Should we stop talking about this on this program? No. You can talk about it. Well, I mean, I want you to give me a gratuitous, no, no, I think we should. Because some people find it very boring. Other people become very offended with some bottomied all. But I mean, just, you know, whatever you think. Good dialogue. Okay, and God bless you. Okay. Thank you. There's a God in those how to do it. Okay. Not just because he happens to agree and make a lot of sense. I'm not looking for ass kisses. I'm looking for an honest opinion. This is not something that anybody. I don't care if you're three years old. You got to have an opinion about this. This is the biggest problem with America. Is that everybody is conditioned that you have to say all these things. Because otherwise, it's just unacceptable. It's not palatable in this company. You know, it's okay to go to dinner with OJ. With some murdering son of a bitch. That's okay. God, I can't tell you how pissed off I am about that. I mean, I already know about that group and their fascination with them. And then you tell me about that scumbags sand the shit. I didn't tell you about that. Well, who I'm just saying you in general. I'm not saying you see you're taking it personal. I get too much. I'm talking about the collective you. She personally. Yeah, you can ride me. I think it was Jeff high that told me that. Big fat boys want to told me about sand the shit. Right after he told me about Todd Drec and at the lip lip allipop guy. I think that was fat boy. It's at all those things in between bites. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'm calling to be on your post. The first I got a spary for I'm Palinjan Clutch. Yes. Seems like they're up for the old $150. They know I'm on this envelope. I don't know a lot of them because she's never ever sent to me in any money. But they got some project now called the Omega Code. It's a movie. I guess it's about like the anti-corrison stuff. Yeah. And they turned out the whole nice full color like booklet with a, you know, like background on the actors and so on. They know who was in the Omega Man, don't you? He was son of a bitch. Charlton has them. But anyway, that's probably not coincidence. Charlton's green. It's made of a spinole. He's like bookabirders, right? Yeah. Anyway, so yeah, I have like these, these two guys under these two actors, a guy and a girl and like, you know, the new letter said about how they were thermally locked in a world of drugs and perversion. But now Jesus has saved them. And they're out in the world doing the old routine. They're doing this one. I'm driving. But inside found the Lord. Now I'm all messed up on the Lord. Yeah. All right. I mean, they, in other words, they found a substitute drug. I like that. That's great. You go from right to right. Yeah, sure. Good. The afterlife. Near babies. And should you find something about it? No. Okay, God bless you, sir. I asked to kill old menus. By the way, anybody got a CD burner? Why? Okay. Seriously, this is these are all I know. Now you have a little bit of a discussion with the son of a different person. The quality is so bad they end up in the old talking about. I would say when I see that nine days in the movies video, that my temper is a little bit weird. I'm going to go through a little bit of a kind of a depressing scene. But that's the proof in the discussion. I can be saying that. You know, people come on here to my voice, but I'm going to make a good picture. Put my shoes. Which I could be as much as I'll be in the fourth guy's about here, you know? She's been good to me. She's been good to me. She's been good to me. So, I'm going to sing that. I'm going to sing that. Okay, that's enough. We don't want to grow up the audience with too much good music, you know? Even George likes that little bit. He don't want to admit it, but that's all. You know what George actually likes a lot, and you don't want to admit it? Oh, that's not it. Where the hell is it? It's got to be on here. Oh, thank God. She was scared of hell on it. Shit. What? Okay. Yeah, see if for you to say okay means you love it. You want to go through the same thing. In fact, great song. It makes no sense. God is the real good song of my singing. If I give the music, could it really go with that flag? When I... Even if I can only go through it. I want it that way. Gotta be. Come on, let's go to the song. God, you were the part. And we used to go home. When you say, I bought it that way. No, at this point, if you see this video, you've seen the video, right? No. Or you haven't seen the video. I guess I'll have to bring it in. On the same tape. It's not the same tape over in these hours. So in other words, it would be worth being. And also it has the show with Britney Spears. So it won't make me gay if I won't. No, no, unless you look at Nick too long. No, but seriously, in the video, it gets to this point. And he's doing everybody's got their own solo in the song, which is good. And he gets to this point. And it's put together pretty dang good, even though it makes no sense. And it gets to this point. And they flash a close-up of Nick Carter. And it's faces like maybe a little bit too much lipstick. But like reddish, you don't know what I'm saying. Like all the blood is rushed to his head when he goes. Fill me with my hands. Fill me with my hands. Fill me with my hands. Fill me with my hands. It's rushed to his head. And I could very excited about that. Even though he don't look that good, but did you? I get excited thinking about the blood rushing to his head. And I'm admitting that right here on the air. I mean, we're wrong friends. Here, I'm not going to sit back and hold back and pretend that I'm some kind of a goody tozes, pure and asshole head of a sexual jackass. Anybody can be that. You know, there's more asked for the rest of you guys. I'm just thinking, I'm looking at that. I'm thinking, yeah, okay. Three minutes before noon is five, 60 WQM. You know, everybody's waiting outside for me. Tell me if you think I had a good thought of you. I'm not going to sit back and hold back and pretend that I'm some kind of a good guy. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. I'm just thinking about that. No matter how hard it's right, I can't get further day to gather to power it in. She was such a paining. Just to be ungrieving, It's so hard and believing. Call the thrill is like the sun. You did it, got it's really strong. I can believe she's a lesbian. She's a lesbian, but she's a lesbian. You must be something wrong with you. She's gay. I really don't know where I went wrong now. I can believe she's a lesbian. I see her not the other team. I really don't know where I went wrong. Maybe she hurt something that's wrong. I guess that's T&E burner out. Maybe I think we have no hit. Okay, come down. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on a mobile one. There's another example of hike by the way, She was never any good in the first place. She'd never been in the 85 different incarnations we've had of her. In fact, that's going to be our poll question tomorrow. Who's made more comebacks, share or Ricky Martin. Even though she's a little bit older, he's catching up fast. Who's had more face lips, more different than persona, man. And she's just can't sing a lick. And she's still got no talent, but post she's a great actress. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Before getting into the poll, I didn't want to ask you. Do you go to the CD or re-write? No. You didn't. Well, I mean, you can use either kind in the CD. But I'm not using the CD or discs because I don't want to use them. If you use the re-write, you can only listen to the machine that you're recording on at home. I wrote it. That's not true with my machine. I can play them anywhere. You can? Sure. No. You can play it in the car? Yes. The re-writeable? Yes. No. I'm not on my machine. Well, okay. Well, I can't with mine, but anyway. Oh, you know, something I better. I'm going to say it may not play. I guess I can get one of those discs and check it out. Try it. Okay. Anyway, it's a good idea. Yes. Okay. What's the second question again? Half life after death. I don't care. I mean, who cares? I mean. Well, you might have a opinion on it, though. I just want to say, I don't know. I can make a food problem. No. I think the third comment. I don't care. You know, maybe there is, maybe there isn't, but I don't care. Well, okay. I'm interested in this life. And I just want to add further that even though I believe in God, I also believe that organized religion is one of the scourges of humanity, one of the causes of a tragedy and murder and death and all that history. And I guess that's it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank God bless you. Okay. By the way, here's a fact from my national importance in Lucy. I won't mention his name on here, but I could be 25. Yes. Oh, he's been so on the phone. Has he really is? Has he ever been a problem? Maybe he's buddy in Hollywood, deserted him. Maybe he's a little bit of a tip. He's been calling to it. Oh, boy. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 7. And we hate them both equally. I would say. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. 14 minutes and 53 seconds of their lives. The invested on this call and you're not there. Is that possible? You think that could be? They're gone. Okay. Where we go next? Let's go to a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. First up before we get into the fall, I want to say I've been down here 15 years from Buffalo and the paper is down here as far as sports sections are stocked. Horrible. How do you think about that? I don't know. I want to cover John Os two games last night. The viewers had a big win over Boston last night. St. Louis came back in time of Dallas in air series with a big three to two wins. And you turned to page 45 at a sports section in between all the ads for the Eskorts services and maybe you'll find something about it about two paragraphs. Oh, it's depressing. Right. But back to your service. After you shift to the 40 to the first 44 pages about the big freak show up in New York last night. But anyway, go ahead. Yeah. And then you have to go through the Valdi baseball team. Right. Is there a guy in the fire? As far as your poll question. Don't know. Why should I say there is or is it? Okay. Nobody knows. Life at the death. Supernatural. I believe in the supernaturally not life after that. Okay. And so we stopped talking about it on the show. I don't know. It's in a statement. Okay. God bless you, sir. Thank you. And nice going, Sabre. Okay. How was you laughing? It's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I think it's true. I want to elaborate on that.  it's true. But I think it's true. I'd like to elaborate on that. OK. Not yet. It's true. You could imagine. You don't. But OK. You're going to really think you can. OK. I think CABOR knew he'd use three Type 3, CABOR could use one size CABOR. I think CABOR is the lastOMED person. Actually it's not. CABOR is just one type of method. Yes sir. I'd like to make a subset of the third category. OK. it doesn't matter. Yes sir. Here's the NAPLE isHello. Spring Eior, CUB. Hello. QI about to make a subset of the third category. If doesn't matter. there. The sadistic hateful twisted manipulative, always getting pissed off. God, we got real problems. That's the thing you got. God, you're talking about. Did you go ahead, God? Yeah, the guy in the old testament. Right. They got it looks like Father Time with a band attitude. God, God is just the reflection of whoever's talking about him. Okay. That's my opinion. Like Enel Roberts. Have a great day, sir. Take care. God bless you. Okay, there's the view from the West Coast from over in Naples. And of course, over there, they look around. They know there's no God over there. 560, 50560, 560, on the mobile line. You've ever been on the West Coast of Florida very much. You know for sure that there's no God. And of course, that's where all the Bible thumbers are in this state. Most of them, you get further north and the further west you go up in Orlando, over in Tampa and St. Pete and Clearwater and Pensacola and up in the Panhandle and Panama City. All right. And of course, you put their collective ice together and you still got. But that just a coincidence. Here's a mobile in Naples. Oh, yeah. Before I touch your pole, I thought you were touching my pole. Yes, sir. I look better. Watch it off. Yes. I thought I heard you say the other day that they're going to put a stake in shake by saw grass. Yes, sir. Oh, my God. I think I think it's coming in a month or two when a stake in shake too. Yes. Where's it? Where's it going to be at in the soccer? Right in that 136, you know, where the shell station is there on the Panther Parkway, which is 136. Right. On the right. On the right. Yeah, right in that neck of the woods. It's going to have to be on that side of the street. Because the other side of the street is that big, uh, right, Cal, Nil, go whatever that thing is. Who the hell needs an afterlife if he gets a stake in shake? Name in. Oh, my God. That's going to be tough for me because they got those damn cheese fries, which it's poison, but boy, those good. Oh, my God. There's not one between here and like, oh, power. Right. That's right. Oh. Ask to you, Paul. I was the first question is, God. Yes, no. Right. I'm not going to sorry. I don't know, guy. Don't know. Don't know. After life, no. Right. Talk about it. Why not? Why not? Take a shake as better as that you feel. I agree. I'll let you know. I'll keep an eye on it. Yeah, keep the food coming. We'll keep an eye, P.O. for it. All right. See you. Five, six, seven. By the way, that's what Calumbo always said. Five, six, seven, oh, five. That's great. Biggest Europe by the way. Calumbo? Uh, would the sub-titles? There is. Peter Falkies on everywhere they love him. The folks are thinking you do maybe like borrow a different trench coat. Oh, trench coat, you're not split. Well, you late. You don't wear a black trench coat. See, why don't they tell all those kids that keep going to school in the trench coat that trench coats are for proverbs like Tom Feedler from the hero who's hanging out still at Jerry Hearts House to see they're going to do it one more time. Here's a coral jables. Hello. Well, Neil, how you doing today? Pretty good sir. I got a, I'd like to like to, I guess, add to your pole if I could. Okay. Go right ahead. You can always use more on your pole. Um, that's probably not. Maybe not. Or if you're a guy that exists, I don't know. And I just have to say, I don't know the all of it. Okay. Because it's just, you know, it's just such a bizarre unknown that you really just, you can't figure it out. It's just, I don't know, it's just impossible to know. And um, I've thought that reading a couple of different books on, unlike on the Bible and stuff and who exactly wrote the Bible and all kinds of things like that. And people who, basically today, nowadays, especially with like the board again, Christian, you know, you see them with their fish all over the car. Oh, yeah. They, um, you know, they all say that, oh, you have to believe the Bible. You know, you're going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a red, is that the Bible has just been translated and retranslated and switched from here. And not to mention that, you know, it was just passed down orally. Remember, I've got to say, I'm a rocky and volumical fractured fairy tales. Right. That's what you're doing with. You know, it's just, the translation from now on, the original work is just, I don't know, it's just so far off it. You know, you really can't even explain the problem. I don't know. It's just so far off it. You know, you really can't even explain the problem. I don't know. I don't know. You know, God guided his hand very carefully. Right. And I think, uh, I got writers cramp. I think he left craft. Had an excellent quote. He said, man, gold is in darkest fear. Is the fear of the unknown. And that's what, you know, really can praise the bottom. You rough that fear of the unknown. You know, it's just that really, he had burning health. That's right. We're all just wrong. He had to that. Thank. Thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Somebody that got such a wonderful guy that he invented that burning thing. You know, if you don't worship him and pray to God, you know, let's just try to think about that concept. How sick and twisted and hateful and disgusting that is from the loving God that if you just don't have it, you know, you wake up on a rife. You die on a wrong day when you're not believing in a scrap. You're going to burn and twist and, yeah, sounds good to me. You know, it's really weird too that, you know, as if you do mention it, he's globally just got of loving everything. Not to mention the genocide that he's performed a couple of times on the whole world. Right. And no matter what they do, no matter how bad and mysterious they are, you're always still going to love him. And you don't ever want to see him in pain. You know, maybe that's a human fault, but to me it seems, you know, a little bit better than this perfect God's characteristics, I guess. You could say. Right. Anyway, including go penguins. Okay, and happy to hear what you're saying. I had to take the end. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's my me, Bill Chilla. Yes, sir. Yeah. On your poll, I think you, I'm thinking if you continue to ask the question. But I think the term God is a religious term. And I think we better off talking about a creator. Not going to come in. What's the difference? What's the difference? Well, when you talk like you last call, we refer to God as he. God has no no sex. For sure, it's not a he. No, maybe he has a goddess. Well, you know, there's a creator, but it's far as trying to say God is a he or he. Or a net. You know, that's religion. Religion doesn't work. Yeah. Okay. On your number thing, you're, you're, you know, this whole why two king is not a problem from mathematicians. Because numbers have two functions. They name things and they measure things. When you're in the base 10 system, there is no number 10. There's only the numbers zero through nine. You're in the base five system. There's no number five. Yeah, but what does that have to do with with time. In other words, there was never a year zero. You know what I'm saying? There was, there was no year zero. There was one BC in 180, but there was no zero in the morning. There was no zero in the morning. There was no zero in the morning. I know that, but we measure time with numbers and the effect is that one through ten is the first decade. No, no, no, it's not ten. There is no ten is just a name. It doesn't measure anything. So let me, let me ask you something. What is a decade? Isn't a decade ten years? It's ten years. It's a tenth of a century correct? It's, and a century is a tenth of a millennium. Wait, man. I get to wait. I mean, this is not rocket science. Okay, in the base ten system, it's ten numbers. The number ten does not exist in the base ten system. I don't care about the balance here about second base or third base or Thai cob. We're talking about years. We're talking about the chronology of the human race. We're talking about how do you determine when the next millennium starts? Okay, so where do you start counting? 2001. No, it's two. No, that's not right. That's absolutely right. I'm not the way to not do that. The American set up. Let me ask you this question. Was there ever a year or two? That's where the problem comes in and then thank you. Thank you. Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da. Do you the least part of mathematics right there, ladies and gentlemen? 50 million words did you say a goddamn thing? No, no. Ta-da-da-da-da-da. Yeah, I love the subtle intellectuals who think that if they use a lot of ruby adjunge that they're going to just dazzle you with their bullcraft. Well, there was bullcraft. It's not a debatable point. I mean, you know, it's an arbitrary thing. We can, we have decided, obviously, that the next millennium is going to start next year. We just decided that. What? It does. There's a lot of talking about, for terms of the media and the terms of conversation. Yes. We're a little proud of that. But it really does not start next year. But I'm just saying collectively, the human race we decided next year is the start of the next millennium. Because it makes for a lot of movies and a lot of comedy bits and whatever else, and we don't want to have to wait till the next year after that. And of course, now you're going to piss off all those religious nuts again because they've decided that the year 2000 is the beginning of the next millennium. All in the world doesn't end, they'll have another, you know, New Year's year. I'm going to have another shot at an excellent point. I never thought about that. All right. That'll be their excuse. Oh, what a little isn't really the millennium. It doesn't start till she does it. So by the way, Joe Costell says, I'm sorry. That was a good line, Joe. About that handicapped sticker. 1225 and 560 WQA don't look. This is the real Roger's show. Let's get ready. Any questions? No. You got in my car and went for a ride. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll lim one pull up and we'll look to your side. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. O'erves in their backs, so we stare for a while. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Is she rolled down the window and cracked her smile? No, no, no. No, no, no, no. Can you believe me? I'm frustrated some more. Shot of some more. Can you believe me? I'm frustrated some more. Let's go. Let's get our cool. What are the disgusting thought that is right in the middle of lunch. that is right in the middle of lunch hour 12 30 at 5 60 WM here's my Bob Prince state this is in the play by play tape this is an interview remember the guy called the other day thank you Marty Marty in Miami sent me to Bob Prince tape good boy promised to say would send it any good and what's this but what is this from the a Panther organization just because I ran into these guys yet they're in the hallway it's good they never stayed in behind my car the other day when I was back and out real quick what could this be this is the uh... nineteen ninety eight nineteen ninety nine florida panther season and review and on the cover it says wow uh... uh... uh... who heavy duty very colorful there's mark parish there's got me and there's a rare bad picture of a way way when you need to shave and uh... here it is full color all kinds of uh... well a cover's color the right inside of all pretty boring pretty bleak pretty bleak inside there's a lot of all a very page so you can only get better and pop out please get better fast okay twelve thirty one at five sixty w i'm so far on her survey we got to see that's what this is the off about this count because i know this is not reflected this audience or any other group of people in america we got two people say yes i believe in god five who say no and three four who say uh... i don't know only one of the believes in uh... after life like heaven and hell and i crap seven say or eight say no and two say i don't know and then nobody says we should stop talking about it though except that blanket at the uh... oxygen well i don't know maybe that doesn't bother you very much but it bothers me we have to keep talking about it that's a public service but it bothers me that he uh... says it's boring okay that i know that he tunes out down there in key west several people have said that you turned their lives around with this talk am i here to entertain a public or the safe people's lives name is this is that over here is this and kind of a mission you can do both is this and kind of a god damn mission that we're on here mister some kind of a god damn anti-missionary just anti-semit five six seven five sixty pong five's all they had word i see this but was it on that off of c and n show that stupid talk said they do a three clock that students look used to be on that they finally got a rash off of their long time ago i think it was they had some orthodox jewish kid on there with a biny on and it was complaining about the fact that he went to school with his trench coat on and they brought him in for questioning and i'm thinking of myself here's a kid at ghost of school with a biny on every day forget about the trench coat okay talk about something embarrassing and from the stone age oh now you're making fun of that religion yet that's right people walking around with biny's on and while kind of schmattas and with veils on their post and all of these things here's a mobile in west and hello start by placing my hands on your pole um all you got good aid all all yesterday's uh first definitely okay also i want to ask you a question now have you ever even honest to the level we should stop talking about it you keep talking about everything okay ever even at burnt fake out about twenty or thirty times yeah and how do you compare that to Chris with Chris and what's Chris is got better states burns is a better their better showman over there you know they put on a big show and they got that big dessert bar and uh they got great friends on the ensoup they're on the ensoup as better at burns i'll say that but uh the stakes are by i'd never had better states anywhere than roots Chris i always people keep trying to summing on this place in that place i can't envision a better a rib eye than that fried roots Chris really wow i have to try to never arrive in as burnt several times we've never even had root with Chris you're loving uh one other thing um we got to that killer b will it foster what an asswinter yeah to find me okay thank you a murderer's asswinter that's the thing that bothers me you know what i'm saying bro i mean i'm not hoping that you get those bloody oozing stools again but you keep concerning with that murdering son of a bitch who is worshiped by so many people in this building that i'm see that's the thing about me and sports radio i keep telling you i hate it and i do i despise it i mean this is the best job that George and i ever had in our life as we decided that yesterday but but to be surrounded by this uh six twisted sports nerd mentality glorifying and worshiping and and like i said before i know now i am the only one that had those pros and cons people on the uh other authors on the show and talked about the book is because the rest of these people are trying to pedal you a fraud so they're not going to explore still be like jannon Paul crotch coming on channel 45 that i'm saying all the way you know this whole thing is a fraud there is no god there was no Jesus but uh still sent us the money you know and all of a sudden everybody would get together and say oh forget it so they can't come on here and say hey this is a corrupt bankrupt disgusting piece of crap with a bunch of scumbags white beating uh drug dope dealing scumbags they're not going to say that because they have to continue putting this facade over so that everybody will keep sucking around on the ages of it they'll stick their tongue right in the middle of it right Brittany here's a mobile in four miles hello hi nail yes sir uh this we guard the air survey i believe in god because i have to assume that the world either came into being by a designer by accident the only two options i can't believe in accidents i believe in a creator i believe in the afterlife but i want to say that i i think it's real important to to put out that a person can believe in god a person can be religious doesn't have to be a fundamentalist i happen to believe my god current said this it got is not all powerful i don't believe that god controls everything yeah if i did believe in a god who was all powerful i wouldn't want anything to do with that god um i also it just drives me crazy when people say i believe in god but i don't believe in organized religion uh to me that's like saying i believe in communication but i don't believe in an organized language it's absolutely true that the horrible things have been done in the name of religion but you know governments have done horrible things it was going to say well they're there for i don't believe in the concept of government it's not perfect it's all but i think it's very inconsistent to say i believe in god that i reject the concept of religion okay one last thing as well if you allow me two things the fellow said that there's no ten in the base ten system yeah what comes after nine eleven okay and uh i i think that uh your survey by definition is going to be tame it a little bit because we know that so many of the callers call your show saying well if i say what kneel oh yeah and there's no question about that and that's crossed my ass i can't stand it i just wanted you're honest to be i wouldn't be asking this if i was looking to have a bunch of yes men i understand that i think that's okay i got a producer yeah and certainly one thing i agree with that he said uh people should put out at least the ones that i would like to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you won't say it about people putting it see i i find myself caught up in all this hype again see you're all talking about i'm always decried this over here just like the rookie martin thing and i find myself guilty and i think i am a hypocrite i think jester four set a good point even though he was on the wrong issue i'm a hypocrite i'm always not going to be people getting sucked into the hype like the rookie martin thing and i'm myself getting into i just happen to like this group because i like their music if it's something you like the hype can be a fun ride the way yeah i'm writing it no i don't write it i think he rides it but seriously if i if i were to walk through the saw grass the sack of no and there was a kid i was just like nick carters identical twin i wouldn't look at him a second time he's uh marginal ad best he's not a good looking kid but now the whole thing he didn't want to use different music groups and the uh actors and actresses uh and and because of the fact that there's celebrities we get sucked in if i can say that to their celebrity status and we elevate them in whatever level and they're like Britney Spear well i have to different story okay she is hot okay do i saw her walk in the house you would notice man you i have all of her hot that's right in the long race story where i'm talking about it that's a different story but then i'm talking about your talking there is somebody that really looks great i'm talking about some of it not only doesn't look all that good but looks uh you know like a butterfly which you're in nearly i don't want to know from those people you almost say i wish them all the best in the world i just don't want to be surrounded by butterflies it's not my thing that my cup of uh tea room dance 21 before one at five sixty wqm i just it's one of those things you have to watch you all you know before you start lecturing people about things you have to look at your own attitudes in behavior and say well you know something i'm full of crap i'm a hypocrite on this stuff you know you're gonna say a nick i'm gonna walk in that way yeah i think i know which way is talking about too 21 before one at five c but even we got George converted now he's not gonna let go so far to admit that but he likes that song he's into it and of course he knows that they know Britney Spears so we figure use them to get to her if that works if that's what it takes just like what's his name big pop a sin use this you know everywhere you look right now there's some kind of a beeper store beeper this beeper that beeper your victims everywhere on every street court but there's only one store that guarantees the lowest prices and those are our good friends over at beeper mania keep in through the keyhole watching mom and dad keep in through the keyhole most of all we ever had mom and dad were playing a pet right there on the bed mommy was terrible beeper the pillow board daddy said mommy's pet was bobbin geomos got whipped wash i don't know what she's doing but you got a milk must dash they've been through the keyhole and show what i see what i'm sure does i do not know what is really on tv mommy and dad were hooked together black night Lincoln wants what's the night's worth something like that mom went yelling at the door dad was breathing heavy mom went on her knees you have been had a bobbin bobbin gosh she's just a wealthy peep beeper and through the keyhole watching mom and dad keep in through the keyhole the most on the ever had when we watched a little longer the last starting to get sick if daddy's name is Albert one mom asked for jick daddy's grounded his eye broke that mommy wanted more she went back on top of him but all he did was newer beep and through the keyhole has a minute crash i can't wait to try to stop i'm throwing my class but i can't wait to try to stop i'm throwing my class all right okay it's up 45 i have five sixty double to kill me that way we just talking about before everybody should put out a little more what he said effort here's hialia hello any new yes sir i got a little question for you on a millennium day yeah um when babies are born how old are they when babies are born how old are they by the minutes they're like minutes old and they're days old and weeks old etc and then after they've lived 12 months they become one year old right yeah so it's better because they started zero right so when the years of the year there was never a year zero we're talking when they did it become year one after 12 months had passed so at the year 2000 now you're here you're already now it becomes one year one for the baby after it's a year old but the but time you're talking about something that's man embedded man invented the the calendar so there was never a year zero and when it became year one it didn't become year one that was the first year one was the first year it was one 80 right in January I mean just off and think about it was there a year zero everybody knows the answer was oh no there was no year zero so if the first year was one then the first decade ended not in nine but in the year 10 so every decade ends in a zero in 10 and every uh six we ends in zero and every millennium ends in the last year that uh with a zero right new yes new okay and he can't handle it you just can't handle it he's just lost it gone off the defense calls you an Allison Palis he's got a sail this week five six seven oh five six we got some nice tackle bell here today because he of Joe Custillo who borrowed somebody's handicaps to go out there and park up real close burrito supreme but though beans and no no burrito thank you got my fork just you got the insights yeah I never really thought about it before but it's not real advertising when you look at it you know when you eat when you eat the inside just take your fork and eat it but don't look at like so many other things hmm I do love Taco Bell though and what's wrong with that little dog why is everybody so whipped up about that poor little dog you know I like the Taco Bell dog you know why we like a lot and I I just don't understand I guess I guess it's like the vanilla ice cream thing again you know first of all Pepsi taste so much better than Coke and always has and their ads their advertising campaigns are a trillion times better than Coke's ever have been they always are and the thing with a little girl that that's the greatest next to the Bud Light spot with the still sure you know next to that the thing with a little girl especially the while she's doing the godfather you know with the the counter where they give her a coke instead and she's a choose him out with a godfather boy so he's the godfather she does the little tag and saying that's that's great why isn't Pepsi just going through the roof you know I mean I know there are a lot of people in this town and prefer Coke yeah I'm on but you can only push some of that some of you up your nose before you have the weight your whistle you know here's Miami hello yes sir okay you believe in god sir I believe in a creator I don't know about god but I do believe in a creator for somebody had to create all of this uh huh so you don't know what about life after death no no and those should be stopped talking about absolutely not okay god bless you thank god bless you sir thank you okay she I get I you know you can expand on that the thing about creator and you know what I don't I don't get that we're just here let's have a good time we're just here like sunny from the market said we're not here for a long time just for a good time and of course in his case for a bad time I'm so sorry about that he said she could die you know sunny from the market with the right here you'll rest there he oughta he oughta run for governor look what a great governor the god up in Minnesota just he the body man this guy turns out to be great he turns out to be a genius he really believes in separation of church and state he believes in government leaving everybody alone he believes in all the right stuff had a casual inauguration party right you don't believe in going out there with a big suit in the tian and putting on his impurities uh thing for the public and wasting all the taxpayers money was unhut luck right ready to bring to it that's right and everybody likes a little pot look all right by the way where did I read now who was it that just uh where was it where they decriminalized marriage we need for medical use where the hell I'm out thinking about it wasn't anywhere in this country did that it was it no must a bit of thinking canada i'm trying to think of which province it was Nevada my a so it was some more in Canada we're sure by the way there of course light years ahead of us and not the old years many of me shoot each other up here's a dear field beach hello my nigganeal yes sir how are you it's the nigganeal show niggacol yes it is uh you know i'm i'm a lifelong islander fan so oh i'm so sorry you think i believe in god no no and oh and absolutely no way you might believe in the agr gotten the uh what the fisherman though what the house is a good for fisherman and the Gordon fisherman i believe in nothing right now and if there's an afterlife though i'd like to be reincarnated as alco steams then if there's an antichrist it might be my my mulberry if my be and uh in closing can i call somebody be sure i'm mark if you're listening your full critter and a douchebag okay and Denise poppin uh what we know about him he's an asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one lines you i think that's what we got found out they want to stand the cups of the east poppani turned on the islander franchise bitterly and everybody abandoned them like they had the plague here's a lady in four thanks for Brian Bride by the way here's a lady in four lotterdale hello yes near this is Florence and uh like Florence yes my daughter shot herself with my pistol when she was 16 years old and it was only because i was stupid enough to have the damn thing in the house uh oh well never forgive myself for being that idiotic again but it's a little bit late now yeah i also am not a great believer in God which wouldn't you think after that not I wouldn't think so well do you do think that having a gun in the house and leaving it there I was well that's always a real good idea yeah I wasn't there I was brought up in a house full of guns uh and well whoever whoever looked them around should have been shot five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line let me say it again let's hear it for all those NRA people they got the right money and the right pockets yesterday again those good old Republicans God guns and hate and but they made damn sure that we don't have you know we don't want to tighten it up too much you go to your gun show voluntary now we don't want to make it made it to it it's voluntary if you want to tell me you were an expert or go ahead if not well that's okay too maybe you had dinner with roll okay you want to buy two or three extra machetes you know just to chop some of what wild verse down in the backyard you don't talk about uh people who admire scumbags i'm gonna write a book about that people who love crash even the guys who have to pick up the trash I bet you don't love it you think the people who pick up trash are like looks through it huh i mean every now and then they're finding babies or you know like live people and dumpsters here's a mobile and del Rey Beach hello yeah how you doing Dale great um i'll take the first top of your book oh boy you know you talk about neurotic repetition again same old how many years has it been how many years has it been and interestingly enough for you a racetrack people you ask holes i brought up that thing by Clark Spencer yesterday the story about that dog that's 17 year old dog Benji and how can done and the Churchill sounds people want to kick him off the track and probably you know he'll go waste away and die his life and then we have a call about that oh but we get this jackass again with his neurotic cramp not interested sir don't give a crap and guess what i've been checking the attendance neither is anybody else five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in four waterdale hello hello yes sir Neil again something to say about that hold uh-huh first of all i have been saw me on this black sick and agnostic and i stay at play tonight wondering if there really is a dog yeah have a night okay um you're a good this is good as the horse track guy wrong dog five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one i see how clever they all are how creative they are i mean is boring is a big pile of elephant poop in your backyard five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line as we continue searching for somebody with a brain last to uh no hope no chance anybody doubted that we have an overpopulation problem should have heard those two calls back to back here's a mobile in candle hello my god how do you follow that not easy yeah i don't have to see anything for just a moment yes sir i've been in the music business for quite some time and basically if you've got it already it's nothing deal with fan ashes like the brand's mart of the music retailers so whatever but if you're looking for uh in bulk you can buy those uh cd record of holes in any computer store that like fifty for forty nine bucks fifty for forty nine bucks they send me have a Solomon bulk they don't come with with the jewel cases you have to buy the jewel case who would have a one who wants the jewel cases anyway who needs that they're called a cd spindle they come in spindles of fifty and a hundred and they're like uh between like ninety nine cents and eighty nine cents depending on how much you buy excellent as far as your poll question goes uh no i don't believe in god i believe there's probably some kind of an existence after this i don't know if it's spiritual dimensional but it sure is hell and heaven and hell and uh yeah i'd love to keep you talking about it because if you don't we're going to be keeping a peddling all this crap the one thing that i was always curious about with religion is why is it that one recorded time started all the great miracles stopped right so i don't understand that it enclosing for life moves no guns yeah okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line very good sir excellent we give him like a a hoo hoo sitting oh patient at any rate yeah the gunlovers maybe like our second call of the morning this morning a real jackass real millivan hostile hateful they get very arrogant and very upset if you don't share their love of guns if you don't like that yeah you get real pissed off about that god forget some issue come along and take away and i don't know what i love are the laws where you can only buy like one gun for a month or one gun for week depending on the states they have these umbilite like you have to buy one gun every month i think it's like one a week that's only 52 a year how about one an hour how would i would that would be a great log when the base uh like we're really putting some teeth into this stuff because we really care right oh we don't because all the people with the big books are buying off all your crooked politicians as usual see if if we were legitimate they wouldn't have to buy off the politicians but because it's not just like the old tobacco lobby right Jesse 1256 with 560 qm is there going baby i'll cut the wood so you can lay down on your head and put it on your head and so on and do our really are you still in the bathroom damn normal you right out little really Stanford just found something amazing and his life will never be this thing got sure it's in there enough a lot are you all right in there Willie all those finished coming soon the theaters everywhere it's when i found my dad's forno really we're at all the clean ecco and what does it live at a floor are you eating in here again from the press and awkward keen to the happiest guy in school really Stanford has found heaven in his father's home chef oh it's okay mom you and that go out i'll see here in much house i don't mind when i found my dad's forno rated PG 13 all kids age 13 must see the still definitely gonna burn in hell two minutes after one in five sixty wqa and spikin a burning in hell wait till you're who's gonna be doing hang show this afternoon thank you's up at bottom are covering the pre-gnist and we got mr. bills in for from the you might be dolphin's voices dolphins from pilat offy on the ISDN anybody know who that is no voice of the dolphins you still know who he is no do you manage to six o'clock in and of course we got tonight hockey we got collar on our avalanche at the Detroit and the red wings will kick the rest of night five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wardless line here's a mobile and pepper pine so hey don't know great i got a final story for him my brother was thought uh golf course yesterday and mr. Wayne hyzing up have to be out there at the golf course he's an asshole yeah exactly well you're gonna even wait to hear this he was there and so it starts to rain and so instead of rather than getting in his car he calls for his helicopter and of course this begins to kick up all of the dust yeah all the workers and everything like that nice and all the things you know what he gives the guy like isn't like ten bucks and I told him you know you should tell him so tell him exactly what his last name is all he could not be right way yeah that's right and there is a god and his name is Neil okay thank you sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wardless line so excited about this panters year in and review anybody wanted huh no no takers year in season in review and you open it I mean the cover is pretty weak I mean every when it would even shave for this so think look at that how big are you part of it so just have a conversation with one of the calls and uh here's the a game by game summary and it's uh pretty uh boring pretty wake a nice full payday ad for a surge though on a back-in-side cover and bloodlight on the back has been still short five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile and let's update our survey right now is the regard for people say yes uh seven say no and five say I don't know life after that three say yes no say eight nine and three I don't know and then nobody says we should stop talking about well that's that's a good sign which means our friend my friend from Key West and Collinion here's a plantation hello hello me oh yes sir yes back to the gun issue I read the paper every day but sometimes I can't do it for a week a week before the shooting in Colorado I found incredible article that Denver and Colorado legislature was going to destroy every gun law they had there and try to bring back concealed weapon right back half of these legislators were sitting there pontificating crying at the funeral what a crock of shot what a crock of shot yeah and um is there a gut no we came from worms and was the second question uh have a nice day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 two one last time we came from worms George worms worms that's for the guy said we came from worms so this is why everybody likes head because when you got one on both ends here's a Hollywood hello yeah on the coal yes sir okay we're going no no and yes definitely no no and yes oh I love the show when you do that okay okay oh let me take I'm letting code my defining moment when I gave up on both kiffin was his imaginary legend 16 years old in Catholic high school the priest there was talking about the joy of being in heaven always fun things you can do right and one of them I swear this is a quote he said one of the things you can do is you can watch the suffering of the people in hell anytime you want like you're a window like a piece of show well we've got a blue my mind yeah yeah you can look at the day take quarters well I'm gonna sit in the master bed watching the star right and I said but then you're right up down there with mc's you better watch it well I went crazy I got thrown out of the glass I never went back to school my parents and I had a problem with that but I'm gonna be in my fight um so I'm for a congratulations teacher love what you do and happy circus you can take it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 two one last line let's see it's the maith thirteen we must have some holiday coming up here somewhere we had a log ball more that was I think that's over with already log boner and there must be some other good one because you know with the Jews we always have another good holiday keep you on a hook keep you coming back keep you paying those dues five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 two one last line here's coral springs hello yeah how you doing buddy sir first of all I'd like to say that both my son and I are uh tried and true panter fans uh regardless of how they did this season I still think they're the best number two I'd like one they're just they're they're the best hockey team the main as far as I'm gonna learn yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and that's the hands up the phone because rumor says they stunt okay they're the best hockey team okay anybody believe that no I believe in god before I believe that see how to see what a bunch of emotional cripples these people are all you got to do is just joke around a little bit and if you just even if it even challenges in and this uh in the most amusing the most bizarre the most minimal way they just uh click they're gone guy hangs up five six seven five six seven five sixty pound five on the 18 two while the slide yeah they're the best hockey team I'll tell you that we're burning the baby and the food is too so anyway if I wanted to know what okay let me just look at the guys who can read it and once it's time before I got a real fat ass you look pretty good oh the room sorry it's a lot of hands those are the rumors uh so I'm going to show you there people a lot of them of course to show you what kind of assholes we got in the uh me and by the way nice article today times you can't anybody see it no because there wasn't any about those ratings I guess he's probably waiting till a middle of July to write about the winter book what a jerk what a jerk ball but at any rate to anybody see the reviews when Luis Miguel had his last concerter they always rip him in the hero well you know and his album was okay but it's more the same old stuff and his concert is the same old style it's like you know but Ricky Martin they're all there all they're all they're all they're all bunch of faggot's over there at the hero you're not pulling me nine minutes after one at five sixty wqm if you're forced that radio five sixty wq a-a-m in crowds of reasons uh show that you're gonna love you want fag sports we got them starting this Monday it's the obnox game show with wally and Brian Cox only on five sixty wq-a-m in theaters now it's the totally new Star Wars Yoda loses his virginity you are one hot mama what's happening to me oh my oh oh what's this oh no oh no oh yes yes Yoda gets you to you with R2 D2 oh I do D2 give it to me baby show you know in a theater near you speaking of Brian Cox you think Yoda ever said so what do you want 15 is five sixty wq-a-m and of course speaking of roll now we'll get off of that that old you think I'm not blood is curling just thinking about that that got a comma self down with us two of radio supreme with no beans with no burritos from Taco Bell five sixty seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line pick report of old manners hello hey Neil yes sir first off take your uh poll question that I want to tell you about a 911 okay I have to go go yes okay is there a god sir um I came from a Catholic home it was in deep into my head it's hard to go the other way but I just believe in no okay I say no life after death and no okay none of them no and should we stop talking about these religious things no okay no but uh yesterday no yes here will matters somebody my 16 year old daughter was alone so they kicked in the front door in the house nice jester into the bathroom Jesus she called me first I called 911 or the door to the center cruiser to that house that is that address right i raised over there i waited there for one a clock until three o'clock before or police officer showed up there beautiful three o'clock before 911 cars are the two they thank god for the police oh we're fine yeah okay good luck pal wanted it how do you like that 20 to two hours all the busy you know they probably just got brought the first owner to five six seven oh five like the swatine you know they were busy swatting fly outside school or before they decided was time to go in after everybody blood to death five six seven oh five sixty time five five sixty on the eighteen t-wyrdost line here's a mobile and pepic fine tell oh hello new yes hey before i get to the full question um when you were in school in grade school the jibber play that game called telephone where the teacher were or our student would go to the first person in the desk and say something and by the time it got to the last oh sure i heard a little bit of that right exactly that's how I view how religion is because that's how the Bible was they didn't have writing utensils so let me correct that hand the hand me down for details that's right great um the full question um okay do you believe in god sure and maybe maybe okay well make that a yes yes it needs to melt life after death no way okay and should we uh this should we this continue talking about it on the show as uh no it talk about as much as possible um can i call a couple people this back here go right ahead uh the guy that called the silly we we come from forms yeah and can be on jay okay see up five six seven five six the pound five six the on the AT&T wireless line and don't forget Harry Bench and two by the way let's go away a mobile in parkland hello hey now i'd like to respond to the poll and also give you a spy report on the penguins uh Toronto games tonight okay uh not important on a game that hasn't been played yet okay all right i got a good spy report we got uh at least may have a good chance tonight because there's free scratches for the penguins uh you got to let's say cove a lot of out yeah and you got to talk out again right and morose of those are three key people in the power play right to them got hurt this morning just keep you solving a play for the least of that's a big question well that i don't know can i get it out in there the one side report how to get steedy back in line up and crank him up and crank burrs it up too well this came well but they're just not scoring and putting it in the basket and they're just not playing any defense when it comes to most but anyway good mood along first play and playing good defense uh the red of the poll rest the old no button and give me the nose for all three okay no no no add a boy all right thanks a lot Neil okay go leave your stoma with the least in six oh yeah why not all right i told you penguins in six okay thanks good luck to us all five six seven oh well actually cove load that's good let's say you know and we want to hear no crying okay well this one's injured how about the Igor Coral of he's missing a whole series of the broken foot how about Alan McCallie he's still out he's been out for months thanks to New Jersey and now steve he's solver misses the game the other night but we'll see oughta be another good game that was a good game the last two periods the other night here's Miami hello yes sir yeah do you want to take your poll and yes i do believe in God okay and life after death absolutely yes okay and should we stop doing the shows on religion i think so yes because you know you're always sharing your ignorance okay well we must be pretty ignorant because you're the only one who said so but thank you very much five six seven oh and so not with he can't just say yes and have a good reason for it but we're sharing our ignorance in other words he's better than we are i'm not saying that to anybody else who disagrees i'm listening very is respectfully even a people who i think are full of crap but being the good religious guy that he is we're sharing our ignorance he well you said sir spoke volumes that was like saying a minute more it's been about twenty or thirty right there what you just said always condescending always hold here then now always so much more knowledge of the law arrest of us pion he's got all the answers and i'm sharing my ignorance well you know sharing is important now with the lord said when he said all the hornets down in the wasps in the and the anglo's here's uh... material yes sir are you okay actually would have called yesterday except i was on my way from Toronto here to Montreal and i live the press over the hockey game yeah but i got a small one game sir just remember that it's only one game yeah we got robbed but anyway i'm just watching i know you don't care too much about the uh... full of hockey championships no no no i know but i think there are ten people in the world that care about that well you know that for them to be playing that crap right at the same time to stand a couple of several on is is uh... it's typical of the whole hockey world it's not good it all the scrubs you know but we'll take them you know being Canadian sir it's a bright thing but i just had to tell you this they had um... it came down to checkman canna and the shootout and everyone's court for canna except for all people who do you think need a mile you know he would be the only one to miss and comey boy and uh... and uh... and uh... what's been a spastic actually court for checks to win it it's a good posh or cissy sposic yes they have right of all people so of course but everyone and need a my wooded the only one missing uh... sposic with course or pretty much my vacation is wrong and i'll be going home and uh... a little bit less vacation is room for what uh... being Canadian we want to come on now you sound like don't share your game with that ego problem forget about that crap it just again don't worry about all you kids out there were the best forget about that okay and i've been a blood what can i can it is light years ahead of you was you but you know ever forget it i want that it's all i get the most problems okay all right thank okay see except for the frogs of course and everybody wants them five six and in fact they keep threatening to succeed from the rest of the country and everybody's saying please five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty i think i get a little and who let me my throat you know yeah little of that taco meat you know the stuff that kind of like sits there for hours and hours and that big that all well i bet you can hear some wild stories about love these foods that we just personally spend food places stuff that sits there just hour after hour after hour after hour with all the fat in the mung kind of like collagulating in there mmm that's what makes it taste so good here's a mobile in my amy hello hello yes sir yeah i do it a great all right couple things first of all god yeah thanks so i'm not sure what capacity but there's gotta be something there after life 100 percent because i'll tell you what how it's either mad at the square garden or all these viable beaders are going to both of them think and uh... heaven that's where they serve up all the bacon shake for the bill melts you can eat okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T oneless liners we continue searching for the element true here today and we have an a success law research and maybe we're scouring for it any women common here today got any opinions on these things any women we had at one lady you sound like kind of uh... uh... florant i think florant used to be bruised in a previous lock that's a certain a claim set here's a dear field hello hello yes sir uh... no no no no also a little respond to the no no no no thank you you are a great spot in the guy will manage our lives there i've never had a mt take over ten minutes to get to the house yeah uh... maybe the middle of like a you know like a strange story to me why is that because it doesn't happen or better we were on private police department not private but city police department on other words you think that he made it up yep why would you do that i don't know maybe got a ticket or something maybe got a speedy maybe got a speedy or maybe he didn't make it up okay well thank you and maybe uh... you know maybe there's a god maybe not maybe uh... her baby little shares is still alive maybe can be a still alive and hang it out up in high-end sport who knows who knows any of these things uh... we just don't know everything is a big mystery i think you're a lot better off to just say it's a mystery who gives enough you know what i'm saying as opposed to trying to beat everybody with him like the guy that we had called two or three calls back there you're just showing your ignorance you're just showing your big fact black dot the whole world okay okay then bother me i'm getting paid a lot of money to show my fair this here's a mobile in north Miami hello there you go great hey uh... couple things first thing is on that computer question uh... with a reason that we couldn't do ninety ninety nine in the date is because computer memory back in the fifty's was expensive so to save money they only use two numbers that's the real reason i'm not gonna do with binary right the uh... the other thing is regarding your poll question uh... you know i don't care if someone wants to master debate to the version maria home whatever they want to do let them do it just don't shove it down my throat right that's about online uh... you know we got all these one of the other they did master debate the version there is a shove it down your throat but i mean yeah and uh... somebody mentioned you know a couple calls back about our greatest fear i think the size of the religion to me and my opinion our greatest fear that uh... the answers that we're all there that's man's greatest fear yeah and yeah and you know what really is disturbing about that is people who have that attitude must take that life is pretty crappy you know what's what's going bad i mean yeah there's a lot of crackle on but uh... what's a terrible it should be called it beats you alternative like this good like this what you make of it that you have your said you know there are gone has the nerve you know cool people that's what i always say twice a month life is pretty damn sweet and i think i think i think i think i think i think okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two i was not i'm saying that money is everything all you know we've got to stop being so materialistic and all this narcissism you know about uh... how you look in those jobs and all kinds of blow jobs you know we got to stop with that stuff don't we have to oh okay i mean just like that Britney Spears thing okay so she's the luxuous and she's really smoldering and she's got a great body and beautiful round firm breast even if they're not for real who the hell cares but i mean it's gotta be more to life than just oh you're right well the money part helps a lot big time ask out gold steam one twenty six it five sixty w q a m spodgers dot ow what's the matter honey this hard crusty snot is impossible to dig out it hurts that used to be me but now some side discovered boogie boogie's you mean by the bee's you think i'll filly boogie's it's lififices dried stubborn snot on context so it's slides right out here give it a try okay now blow uh... hey boogie's works great take a look i'll say it work looks like you pick me a winner from now on i'm gonna get gooders better with blubby right one thirty one at five sixty w q m bills in for the great the astonishing the anonymous voice of your mimey dolphin will be here yes you will be here to the six poor of hank over was up at the prignison bautimore demanded six o'clock till the seven thirty color i don't add to drug and it's a playoff hockey tonight well it's something so all i know what it was you know the thing that disturbed me the most because i re-read it this new time thing about the best radio station and then they come up with a uh... pirate station there's one paragraph in here that one sentence that's so disturbing it's i i realize you think you're a bunch of avant-garde assholes over there you got half of that right it says but good ideas are like mushrooms that pop up overnight and within a few weeks of the raid the station was on the air again good ideas are like mushrooms that pop up again over the good idea it's a good idea to go ahead and you know put on to me legal stations on here and clutter up the god damn airways and just uh... put whatever crappy one on a it's a real good idea so say the people at new times got a you a bunch of assholes man just craziness and not just that it's just like these uh... these right wingers are right these stupid letters and the editor who pretend that they don't understand it you know and these people the same thing all we didn't realize that the were laws about uh... put in crap like that on the air yet right whatever you say here's the sunrise hello a line eight again right at the market down line eight is on the uh... fritz again today here's a mobile and cruel spring hello uh... yes sir they're absolutely positively must be a god yeah as you too much ordered predictability all around the fact that you possibly countering that's what a four yeah uh... like nature and then that okay and what about life after that sir uh... i hope that a lot of uh... she'll be the guy i have a bag of cards i like to get the second shot of it okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteenth he'll have taken his word off on the god damn just a jackass see this is something very very serious isn't it no uh... like life and death heavy duty we're trying to like educate we're trying to assimilate we're trying to massage the uh... cerebrums of the audience out there and are we having any luck no first of the guy like him that things he's a sit down comedian about his funny is cancer of the big toe here's my any hello any help yes sir yes i believe in god yes i believe in the afterlife and uh... we should talk about it we are all that's what i say and got his up and head right now doing the Jim Terry help okay what ever that means five six seven five six seven five six seven just one sit down comedian after another what's the point was this guy funny no interesting no i'm using no uh... provocative no anything no killed about forty seconds though here's my amy hello hello yes sir okay yes sir is definitely god uh... yes sir is an after all yes and talk about as much as you want far as often sir okay i i like the uh... contrasting opinions okay and have a great life total okay to the okay so far we've only had one and that was that in period jackass that called before the so we should stop talking about it because i'm showing my answer to the word i think how we know we all are who happened to be a disobeying that's right you're smart and more dumb we're like fray to one godfather one where's it the other way around he's like fray to smart not dumb like everybody says smart that's why he says all those haremaries well is that they're fishing by the way you know i'm sorry fray to he must have been like one short still short here's some rise hello you're sorry yes i am first we need to the poll okay you've not been got sir probably not i'm not sure someday's the opinion very but didn't look at it you know i'm not really mad i've had to do that help no hold on hold watch yourself and you may talk about religion i feel you're funny you're amusing you don't want to agree with you i like listening to you okay keep it up i'm a panic listen i'm the guy who was quoted in the article that the pl u i was the one out protesting instead of for waterdale the commission chambers well god bless you sir here here i heard i heard at the pl u meeting that you mentioned and i'm leaving the leave it to those far bison and tolerant goi and they've always got a stick to these isn't there they always got a don't think i all their abortion stuff in it to piss everybody off because they have no understanding that there might be anybody else with a different point of view so where you know there are people maybe try to get along together a little bit and get a little bit of understanding instead of that they always got to reject their crappin piss everybody else off and i'll tell you one of the thing which we're proved that was proved to point by the way about how it doesn't belong in government places or other schools or any public place but it's that way they're obviously doing it because they're trying to wiggle their way in and run the country their way yes i've only a side to me i've only had one person come up to me and then say they really strongly agreed with what i did yeah i said and you know that was me all my rap i right so it all you know okay i'm not every person of religion is an idiot happy uh happy she was the zagazan and back to you okay there you go there's a good the jewish boy for there five six seven oh five six do you that's an aciu yet thank god for the aciu which i don't always agree with them but thank god for them to protect us from these religious nutcases these fanaticals whatever to hell they are christians and Muslims in the super orthodoxy and whatever they are trying to jam it down our throat and of course if you jam it down your throat you know what's going to happen you're going to go to hell isn't that what they always say i heard that this morning if you jam it down your throat you're going to go to hell yeah so i heard so he said yeah that time jica you're so they if you have that column tomorrow in the son sent me i'm just going to go ape here tomorrow for four hours i'm just so sick and tired of him he pretends to be interested in what's going on he pretends but then this is a market where like nobody's got a radio the only thing that people care about and radio is they like the pyrex stations that are on and uh you know in new times isn't it really neat it isn't it's shendag government came along and feed in their parades and hell you know they were able to get it back on or again because that's what the new times as well listen to see when you're smoking as much bad dope as you're over there with new times that's the kind of garbage that you probably enjoy yeah right 23 before two it's fine and i'm gonna say well that's because we picked hank and not you believe me i guarantee you there ain't nobody over there listen to the high-global show at new times through all i and their wasted rolling around on the floor uh doing their magic mushrooms during mornings will never be the same on five sixy w two a-assets starting this Monday it's the ball harvey junior show featuring fat rich and four hours of zany morning zoo fun with Jeff Garver and Blunnan again that's Monday through Friday six to ten a-m only on five sixy w two a-m I never had much luck with the ladies while that was before i discovered that clothes do make the man good morning Mr. Burns good morning Miss Jim can i get you a cup of coffee yes thank you see what i mean i owe all my success to dickers all cotton slag dickers has put the bulges in all the right places they come in three styles just noticeable very noticeable and if you're like me hung like a hamster there's is that a salami in your pocket right pimp are you doing anything after work i am now jickers all cotton slags i wonder flottio c-serware is the most case eighteen till two five sixty w q m don't forget the pressure is mounting its building almost cut it the butter knife with your little toe bills in for for ankle become of a two clock i think people probably ought to ask them about the fact that the morning team is being replaced next Monday by uh feel hungry what do you think are you sure that's a rumor i'm here and he'll have an a i don't think he'll know who feels on the well that's right he was on right he was an i would do with us doing it off in game one full was there my right yeah we'll be fine that feels that it's starting to be doing morning's next Monday here's a call from nansaw hello yeah yes sir good afternoon how you doing great well i guess you won't be here from me no more but to answer your whole credit what does that mean no well i'm calling from if you think it's bad over there with the religious fanatics yeah and they hear about me and traces oh that'll be it a couple of them well the no of course there is no god at the side of the leader as well yes sir no i don't think there's life after death yes and yes definitely continue it okay continue the discourse what brings us some flowers pal thank you very much i'll need a but they want to there are a couple of us i mean there are a lot of us that listen to you uh down here and you are not and we all love you but then there are one or two of us uh of similar thinking that that i think i just has a little bit of we use a little bit of common sense no too much all the things that is that common sense very dangerous but no just wanted to let you know that uh that's the fan i get a money only one from nansaw so far okay so i guess that means very an atheist country and tell a merve that i said hi by the way take you and it's called the butcher okay yeah and now that abes gone he's got no beard anymore either five six seven five six to five six to the 18 to where the plan i'm surprised he didn't turn to the pig you know what was the name of the pig on that show was that abon at shore was it uh yeah our reniers aren't that's right maybe merve or like Arnold course meria my kid upset let's go to uh a mobile and baby hello hello yes sir yeah how you doing great listen about this millennium nonsense right let me explain it to you okay it's plain away hi this is what this is the way it is tough when time is measured and what's gone by not not what you had to come so in other words like a 90 about the calendar yeah like a 1990 nine that means at 1,999 years have passed yes now we're in the 2000s year so and so in January 2000s and then these 2000 years will have passed so i'm sorry sir let's let's slow down the first thousand years were years one two one thousand is that right no correct sir this is so simple that even Arnold the pig could figure it out the one wasn't me one through 1000 is that a thousand or not numerically uh numerically yes it is and and numerically that's how we date the calendar numerically the minute and single days it's a good one for get about time okay we're talking about the calendar we're talking about something man made that started with a one the end of the first thousand one what is it started in the zero there's no there's not started zero there was zero there was eight five sir you know as well as I do that there was no year zero okay there wasn't technically speaking but let me that historians didn't so guys in the center ran in the year one be one be see and say we're gonna stick to you we're gonna start going the other way the historians are surprised they didn't go the other way that's why things went down on a hand mask exactly but historians have signed those values so the presence here here's a great example this is cleared up that's why we call this the 20th century and it's 1900 it's the same principle you know saying this is the 20th century but it's 1999 and when the year 2000 in terms of the 21st century it's the same exact principle so at the end of this year yeah 2000 years will be complete and that will be the millennium that that is absolutely correct sir at this January 1st the year 2000 2000 2000 oh my goodness guys you had a point how could it be the 20th century if it's only still the 1900 exactly it's the same principle if you apply well the only thing you're doing there is it is using centuries instead of year yeah so it's the same exact principle my mind is your response you since you the one that convinced me he converted I still the 20th century through the year 1900 didn't become the 20th century until 1901 I mean the 20 up sorry back with the fact like so you're always you're always behind as the same principle with the years you're always measure history in what has happened the way to man the one one to 100 was the first century zero through the first 99 was the first century through 100 100 was the second century once you get to 100 now you're in the second century no but wait a minute if this is here it what is it you're in the second century yeah I'm getting a second century started at one oh one no 100 just like just like just like just like just like just like just like just like yeah one right George was right back I mean he he he he George is right have a great day here right see I was I was can because they do that I was confused because of the difference in the number but obviously the second century was in the hundreds correct that's why we're in the 20th century because that's right don't mess with George on this one sir because he's absolutely absolutely correct yes that's what's what I'm gonna meet up no it's a fact but this guy almost had me you know I started thinking about it you know because they started with his Sue intellectual rappers we were all just battle you ever hear any Sue intellectual wrath huh oh not a lady a lady in pinecris tell oh hello hello yes man hey honey you're a lot of them clear hi now hi George how are you three I'm here's my opinion okay my god is knowledge and truth and I believe that there are answers out there if you keep asking the questions answers to what answers any answer any answer any question that you have there's there's an answer like who's your academy yeah you know there's an answer out there right I'm there yeah and also about religion yes I believe like for example Jesus I believe there was parry mining Jesus that did good things he's doing like Jesus but um it you know the captures has made him into almost like a Nike symbol for their company corporation like a switch exactly so so I think things have been distorted and also I think there's a little story that people forget about the history of creation it's in the Bible and it's the story of Adam and Eve and in the Garden of Eden there was the tree of knowledge right and when we were supposed to eat from the tree of knowledge that's correct so what's so long about knowledge you know and now let's wrong with that pair on the ground I said have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wildest line that's right knowledge is bad because as long as you keep them dumb now keep bringing their money into supporting your craft even the old rebels thousand years ago they understood that yeah the thing about the millennium I don't want to hear about again the discussion is closed on that okay it is absolutely I was getting a splitting headache this wasn't that guy and he almost had me bad boozele there even though I know that he's wrong there was no year zero okay one two a hundred is a hundred years do I have to count every number one two who knows those trace come out Ricky sing one out come on who knows trace ten before two and five sixty wqm if you use it