Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Port Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil Call 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell ball. The opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM B's Lee Reed Acquisitions or the Feezy Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL describe a youth basketball. This portion of our show is brought to you by Boobloob. A little video on each today and we're talking of 40 WD and they all knew palm ball because love and loneliness go hand in hand. Remember palm ball. Now back to our show. In need of a screw my Lord did hate my balls were blue and I hurt a bent-sawer whatever we girl yes. Theluent I've got to find a naco's. They've been driving every town with my hands, and how would I do? Really mean in, you'll have to do. So that's the time. I get that bomb. I don't want to do it. And if three knows her mom, now I'm so beratty, what a bunch of people. Yeah, I think my little son, but the big girl. Let them. What? What about that for? When you're doing it, people are starting to talk. Notice how I used to sweat up a storm all the time? 10.03 at 5.50 WQM, very sad day around these parts. I came in this morning, course, I get the brow art edition of the hero. So I didn't see that story. And I'm sitting here, minding my own business, kind of like picking my nose a little bit. And default comes in here, I'm telling, I'm serious. I say this, not out of this respect. And I know it's never taken a right way. I hope Sean Bay, he's on the top of the list. He's right in there. I know he's driving over to Tampa today. I know he's doing a good job. He's losing some weight. He's smearing olive oil on his parts wherever he's smearing it. And the default, he's getting right up there in that category. You know what I'm talking about? I don't get porkey about this, but there looks a bit. He says to me, so you hear a sunny check out. I said, what? He said it's on the front page of the sports section. The hero, of course, my hero, I get the a brown edition, and the star is before the other one. Sunny Hirsch dead at 65. I was just making a list of the people that I worked with in this market over the last 23 years who are a dead. We're talking to a little bit. Sunny was just a good guy. I mean, I don't want to be one of those people that comes on here and starts. You know, I was never close friends with Sunny Hirsch, but when I came to this market in 76, Sunny was the sports director. And Chris Myers was now, what does he need now on Fox? But he was on ESP in for a long time. Chris was like his underling, his protege, his apprentice. And Sunny, of course, at that time, was doing this thing with the baby O, the Miami minor league baseball team that he was very dedicated with and kept it going for a hell of a long time. And he's just a good guy. I mean, Sunny was just somebody who always expect to be around. Then when I went over to IOD, Sunny was the sports director there, and he was, you know, Sunny was always around. 27 years doing UM sports. See, I don't want to start making any accusations because I don't know the details. I'll read you the story. And, you know, I got a good facts here too, by the way. You know, you people who want to scream in yellow about it. There is absolutely, if you look on page 19A, they buried it. I'm surprised they even put it in the hairl... Because they've pandered so much all the time. Basically what they said is these kind of, for these kind of activities like the baseball game and cue, but they go on all the time. These, you know, inter, uh, national, uh, back and forth. We have all kinds of stuff that goes on. People, the people kind of activities between America and Cuba, forgetting about the governments. There is, it's not a contrary. I don't care what John Henry says because then he's pandering like crazy. And I have nothing but contempt for him by the way for doing that. All of a sudden here that he discovered that there's this, this ripple of, you know, a small segment of those same historical, few thousand old Cubans. I bet, I bet, I bet, I'm coming east, yeah. It makes no difference. It will change nothing. And anybody who says that we don't know what poverty and desperation the people in Cuba live in, because somebody's going to go play a baseball game. There's Sunday. Anybody who says that, he's an asshole. Right. And the fact here says according to most of the listeners this morning, very few have said anything about sunny, they seem to be more interested in the mean, with the Cuban baseball team. The area is lost, the greatest historical local radio voice in the sound of you. I'm sorry to have him go. Well, thank you. A checker for these carrying up to the center of the facts and saying something. That's nice. After the guys been on here. Well, let's see. I've been here 23 years and Sunday was already here. So I have no idea how long he was on our KAT when I came here. In fact, I have those old promotional pictures you see, those from KAT with Craig Warding is in there and Lynn Russell, who's now on the headline news for the last hundred years and does a good job too. Nice going, Lynn. Never gets any older either, by the way. And who also thought Jim Alden, they named the street after him. He was on the morning show with Lynn Russell. Pretty bad show. And I was under the Craig David Gravy line. Was on a station at your service. And the Sunday with the sports director Joe Fried was the news director. Joe Fried did for a long time now, about Chris Myers, like I said, was sunny's underling. And I realized that's a long time ago. That's 23 years ago. Some of you weren't even born then. I was thinking to myself, you know, what are the events that have had? And all I'll just read this part. Joe's a Jackie A. J. said that he believes Sunny's out of natural causes, but that hasn't been confirmed. According to Miami-Dade Police Dispatch Records, a call came in at 9pm about a sick person last night when fire rescue arrived at Hirsch's Mimeilach's apartment. He refused CPR and he then died. And that's all there is. So if there's any more information about it, I haven't gotten it yet. So who knows? But one of the things that I know that Sunny suffered from for the last year and just year and a half, even though I have, last time we saw him was the day that he was leaving there. Well, and then he was in with high couple of times over Chulus. You know, he's been around. But for last year and a half while he was screwing him in the back, I don't want to mention a names over there at the Paxon and then cleared there. It was really clear channel. I don't want to mention Pete Bolzer, even though I know it will generate the Pax machine going again, because that was sitting here this morning. I'm not on not a mean spirited, despite of the radio thing. I keep trying to tell people that I don't wish anybody even people who have been rotten to me. I don't wish them anything bad. Life is too short. But I'm thinking this morning if it had to be somebody that died prematurely. You know, why couldn't it have been Pete Bolzer? What? Huh? See George is letting out of it like, like, you know, Hallelujah. And it worked as a group. Right. Yeah, I mean, you know, again, I don't wish that, but I'm saying if somebody had to go. I mean, here's a guy that was doing this job for 27 years. And I'm not going to, I'm because somebody dies. I'm not going to lie to you. I never thought so. And he was a great sportscaster. But he was fine. He did a good solid job. He was there year in the year out. He was a part of the U.M. Part of the program, part of the university. He was associated with U.M. sports. He was fine. Never stole a free train. Never bothered anybody. Wasn't a mean vindicted guy. He was just a low key easy going guy. The just about everybody liked. And these people over the required channel, they had deep six Tim on the U.M. sports long before they got a Lamont. Already knew it. Of course, I'm, what do I say about my buddy Dave Lamont? He's a good guy. And I want, I don't want him to feel too bad. All I'm sure he does. Any worse than he has to. You know what I'm talking about to work? Yeah, I don't want him to. Well, let me do the break. No, seriously. It's a difficult thing. And I don't want to directly blame Pete Poldier. But like I said, if somebody had to die Pete and you know, take this personally, I usually say don't take it personally. Take it personally because I mean it because I've, you know, set around and watched what you've done to people and lied and manipulated and twisted and refused to tell people the truth. And you know, it's one thing. I know we all got to survive. We got to make a living. But Jesus Christ doesn't there have to be a limit somewhere. God, have a little bit of rock money. It's a little bit of compassion. A little bit of humanity somewhere. Instead of just looking the answer to every corporation that comes around and sticks it back to your face. I have anything. Oh, that's it. Ha ha ha ha ha. Okay, sure it in sweet. But before I have gotten blind, Mary has he served great hair dyeing. Or a little free totally thrice. Happy days. I've got a way. The quest the days are here. They've got no. And we love you, they've got no. And thank you to you. On the great hair had gotten thin. And he's headed a double chin. Joly and Chachi got a divorce. Elvig knows looks like a fortune. Joly knows the legend's free. Mary has gone hocksinger geek. Will you lose a show this week? Happy days. I've got a way. The quest the days are here. They've got no. And we come to love you. Happy days. They've got no. And thank you to you. Happy days. It's gone ho. Happy days. It's gone. Happy days. Happy days. 10th of the day. It's 5. 50WC. I don't forget tomorrow morning. Six o'clock. Joe Costello. You're going to be OK tomorrow. He's getting his help back in 10th of the year. He's been smart. You got sick during the week. And of course, he caught it from Greg Reid. Our General Manager. Bozzo walking around here spreading monos. He here today, by the way. I sure hope not. a few days we don't be grudger take a few days in the heel up and stop spreading your disease around Greg people are dropper like flies you know somebody called Georgian off the ear made the point and I was already going to get to that something hurt didn't that what he's back on sure let him say it well and what what is you sorry here's a mobile in the pombie's garden as hello hey good morning the elected to the right let me just say morning how about that okay hey I had to I'm here in a little kinko sir I don't know if you touch on whatever you know they can say that he died of a heart attack or whatever right but we all know he died of a broken heart that's right that's what I was getting to because people's you're in the clear channel people strong alone that's why you know I wasn't even sure I was oh yeah you just answered my question I was going to ask you you know who ran them out of the contractor who didn't know it's not a question who didn't meet you the contract is a question of if you're going to can't here is a man who was fired in the media everybody in this town knew that he was back to the people who were right and that person he heard everybody else know it and they wouldn't tell him all he wanted was tell me am I coming back am I fired am I in am I I I wouldn't tell him they strong amount until a couple of days before the scene started and finally said oh by the way don't bother doing the games you're out well when I heard it on the worst team this morning I was the first thing to came to my mind when they said the heart attack I'm like yeah okay that's right that's and what have I been telling you guys for years about this business they try to break your spirit they will break you they will destroy you they will trash you and they discard you like yesterday's garbage well I had a grant parent that died it was a great help died shortly after my grandfather passed away you know I mean it happened and I know that happened was on as well stress kills okay thank you all that's all you know okay thanks for recurring enough to send you very best see somebody cares not too many like I said you can work here for a hundred years and you croaked and okay let's move on what you know make us laugh you know just that's just the way it is that's you murk and effin way especially in this town there's no heart in this town there's no what you know it's a place like Jean Pettley said that without pity but that whole episode man I I have never I mean you know this does happen in a business I've blurred it out on the ear who the hell was it that time which time well that's right many times you know we're running three times baby one by the only reason though that that happened is because people tell me these things and you assume that the program director is notified the person that's gonna get canned and I talk about it on the air or G. Julia is gonna be ready oh guess what nobody told him yet so people are found out from me on the air not intentionally not because I did it in the mean spirit in way just because we have program directors and other people who are like too much weaklings who are just had to build up the you know the courage to tell somebody your can that's a kind of horse crab businesses if you think that I make up anything about this business you're very naive okay is that Q UE or K.A.Y. how do you want to spell and if you see K by the way tell her that show sucked that's the nature of the business you can be the nicest stand guy I mean Craig Warding right and by the way Craig is back on here on W.S. RF we were that on that Jack Mark station which I wish you well six to eight PM and I well he's got to make a living here's another guy got screwed over by people's just one after another after another good people the good people get screwed over the people with no talent who don't belong on here for two minutes yeah they get hard they get put on here why they're busy changing their tires and something out of the side of the highland you know however that's what I'm about they get put back on here because they work cheap I guess you know 65 is not a whole man and some of you that sounds like especially in South Florida 65 is almost like a teenager and of course for somebody like me it makes you kind of like wonder well you know another three and a half years that's a long time people at plan for retirement that plan that you know you put away as much money as you can and you're gonna do this you're gonna and I'll never made it you know that's what happened and it makes you wonder maybe Monday you know George would be good on this show he'd be great I'll just you know see what I scraped together what I can what it makes you think that for a second and a half especially since yesterday was paid a and several more days till the next one now I mean of course you get to paid it and you start thinking well maybe that's not such a good idea what that's the way it is because without money man you can't live that's what it's all about so you have to keep working I have nothing but contempt for people like Bob Barker I don't want to hear this below the world yeah well somebody's guys you know the minute they stop working they should have a lot of and I'm sorry I don't buy that I don't I don't get that like I've always said the wrong people have the big money if I had to kind of money that Bob Barker's God or some of their dick Clark is got or Ed McMan is got what I'd be running around the country when I do an all this crap of course not I'd be living the life of Riley Chester A Riley Mr the wrong God damn people are got the money dick Clark and all those other dick I mean you know we like you it's 100 years ago American band Stan pyramid that was one of my favorite shows good show but go away already okay stop peddling all that crap in the mail with Ed McMan stop you know pretending all those old people are gonna win the money and just to go off and enjoy yourself having great life these people I want to die doing whatever it is they do for living I have just the greatest content for that I mean you know it's a it's a free country to avoid if that's what you want to do you're entitled I don't understand it I don't relate to it oh my work is my life well you didn't get a life huh if that's your life I feel for if this were my life I mean oh forget it yeah I mean it would be a no brain literally a no brainer let's go with others or baby this is my life so Sunnyhurst passed away last night they said a heart attack and like this guy said broken heart they broke his spirit they lied to him they stabbed him in the back they wouldn't give an answer I mean just stop and think about the stress you know I mean you've got a certain amount of ego certain amount of pride a certain amount a year ago yesterday was exactly one year after Sunnyhurst was inducted in the University of my my holiday these have been the voice of Hurricane Sports for 27 years and they wouldn't tell him is he coming back as he getting cared as he in as he had and it like I started the say before everybody else in the market knew he was out am I right I mean I don't want to mention no names of people that were working over there who could have told him that guess what you're out Sunny just like everybody said you're out time and Godfather one well you're out Sunny he could have told him he knew he was going to be coming and do the ball games but nobody wanted to tell him nobody had the heart to tell him and see it was they would they did the wrong thing if they would have told them it would have been better as opposed to stringing along and I remember all those articles and the newspapers and people calling up the sports shows here well who's going to be doing you of a mouth football you know they wouldn't say and I'm serious the packs and I I draw them together because it's a lot of the same people especially Bolser the packs and queer channel connection nothing and I there's some people over there that we like like work in suds Adam who else that Wayne anybody else David David good guy come on you mentioned several things that I don't want it because what I'm going to say I don't want to lump in anybody we like a lot of sales people over there that nice Dan Trotman Tom Benhamberg yeah anybody else okay we well we can all the people who used to like huh a lot of the people we like that were our friends they got candles also I'm talking about the people there now the part of the passion and now ongoing queer channel connection that have taken a stranglehold on all these stations in this market not one of them is worth a crap by the way they all sound like crap the ratings of most of them crap in fact what they know about the businesses right nothing could happen to that bunch of people no matter what it was that would be so severe that it would disturb me do you follow what I'm saying and I really mean that and another I'm not a vicious person another hateful person I don't sit around thinking oh yeah we somebody would die that's I don't waste my time with that but you people man what you represented and this is another example of what you're a federal government and now now that they're trying to dismantle the FCC which in some ways is good but now they're saying oh too much restriction how many stations companies get on the market now I was the one that came on a year a couple of years ago and maybe well however many years it wasn't I told you as soon as they started opening this up and letting a handful of half a dozen companies on up every goddamn radio station in America it's bad for everybody it's bad except the course for them for the companies and there's a shareholders it's bad for the audience because just look at the crap they put on the air no they're no more talent because they don't want to pay anybody any money especially queer channel they just want to put a lot of slush on and squeeze as many spots do there you know just sell sell sell and that's all they care about bad for the talent because it just left it right people get blown out and of course they don't bother telling anybody I mean entire stations of this appeared it's our staff disappeared destroyers of human lives that's what you are people to your rate is destroyer of human lives shame on you a man that swam in my swimming pool with his wife when I live in Jackaranda a man who pretended to tend to be my friend and then the moment the opportunity came when he could be a corporate act looking and move up that ladder one more knock staff staff there could just get that music under the oj's the back staff is we're just get oj in here to stand he's good at it is that ironic by the way that it was the oj that it the back stammers ironic in yeah just came to me so I don't want to get all mellow dramatic everything because you know like I said son of you and I weren't like tight personal friends but we work together twice for over a long period of time it was a good guy and it was treated crapily he was treated like absolute positive crap and then deserve to be treated like now like I said miss business the you know that I said guy are the more they do treat you like crap but anyway we're supposed to get all excited about some stupid ballgame they're playing in cuban sunday do I give a crap no I gonna pay any attention oh by the way pop out burry says he'll come back when he's good ready oh that that whole deal oh man talk about steel steel is last year's months yeah burry says no it's not ready dinner ready no it's not ready so you know I'm really debating about that Nashville of Pantheon and like the predators which are pretty good expansion team they're you know kind of a exciting team to watch but I'm debating if you're looking for something saying to do today or night that you know is gonna be great the action's always how to Hollywood 7 old gaming or two winners recently walked away with over 300 grand each you could be next but nor did it be a win or of course you got to go over there Hollywood 7 old gaming to win say Hollywood 7 old gaming's 550 gaming machines like pot of gold lucky gems progressive and more 48 run a clock poker table featuring Omaha high low Texas hold them in seven cards stud oh by the way kid coming to me before the hockey game the other night said oh I love your show and friendly shakes my hand and finally buddy nevins is my uncle and I said I don't know but he's perfect why do you best dude there was no farmer who's his own hero if that in the middle just a thing is that some boys who were down by the brick there being no water there in on their marbles and sleeping then at half past four there came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she said on the grass she pulls up her dress and she shows him her rumbles and leaves and white club beat up she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin while the boys in the far yard were show up and rescue send their own yesterday hunt while the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the dock even a black up man with a tiger fall home in the country with a big fence out front if he has to phone like least you show him her little pet doll who was subject to fit and maybe she left him grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick and then she bent over and sucked out his candy so deep she made a butter sky and then these friends would cream all over her cup deep that she had left out on her shelf if they did sit there you could go to yourself oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh right 32 at five sixty wql would say happy Friday there's a Paul cast over the a proceedings here George was just saying during the break there couldn't possibly be a god that the jury heard sunny herish is dead and people address still alive I think that sums it up very nicely I think that's exactly that echoes my sentiments I second at emotion wholeheartedly but at any rate anyhow Paul Valbury a play at the night he says I'll play when I'm good and ready it's not ready yet and maybe it'll be ready a Sunday for that game maybe not in like I said the other day could Boston getting a tie last night at one more point and pulling yet further away further and farther and the playoff hopes fading almost into oblivion now maybe when we're officially eliminated that'll be the night that Paul Valcome is back here's a mobile and sunrise hello hey how you nail yes sir good bed and about so I'm sorry about that yeah listen that some good news and page two of the local section yes they can check it coming sunrise really odd audience 36 the sunrise full of odds which paper in the essential no of my and the hero oh the hero uh in the local section yep the Broward section where I would section page two left hand so yeah there it is I look at that the TGI Fridays and stake in shake will open and sunrise and where is the sunrise gonna be um like 36 sunrise in 136 right I would have thought that the Boston market that went out of business here would have been perfect but that's just that's right by the arena by the way right by the macarena you can walk there no date has been set for the opening yet however our boy they're gonna in that place it's gonna can you imagine how much money they're gonna break in I was an effective at the tap of this week I just think it's shake yeah I had the hard luck going to the Tampa Bay National Game one tonight you talk about league competition yeah yeah well somebody had to be there so why not you you know they will maybe five thousand people to replace maybe meanwhile you even said you have a great day even I get them sorry that's okay thanks okay so there is some good news there's a little bit of a bright light shining out there somewhere somewhere in the land even though mighty KCS struck out even though they killed Sunny Hershey died of a broken heart because this business killed him she right there all you people out there that thinks that I exaggerate about this business and I know people of all kinds that for example Cal Ripconcene your ideas today the ages 63 of lung cancer now it's interesting talk about a double standard okay Joe to Maggio Cal Ripconcene your both baseball players right at one time former baseball players both known for baseball and of course Cal Ripconcene your probing the father of Cal Ripconcene what why are you laughing I mean more people know Cal Ripconcene junior than the forget or what do you know but at any rate my point is this when you read the story here about Cal Ripconcene your dying of lung cancer at the age of 63 it said Ripconcene your had a leathered skin and gruff voice, Cal Ripconcene at least partially attributable to the fact he was a heavy smoker no crap right now when the Maggio died or it even before that when he had the long taken out you know with a cancer and when he was dying for that public death of his for months and months on it would anybody ever say a thing about him being a three pack of three packs a day by the way anybody ever mentioned that no see what a separate standard we have because Cal Ripconcene your even though he was the father of Cal Ripconcene junior he wasn't an icon nobody made any songs about him where have you gone Cal Ripconcene your they don't fit in good at all yeah just doesn't fit in see that could have done some good Joe to Maggio I mean even though he was 84 years old which in his case was plenty old enough but nevertheless good done some good the scourge all these kids from killing himself with those faggot artsmith he was the chief engineer KT when I went there old what here guy oh boy we we had a transmitter all the stuff you think this stuff here is old WKAT which at that time was on bay road there just off Altman road there on the beach had a big gigantic old studio with the picture of old man Frank Katzen time on the wall he was named after the Katzen time KAT and of course his wife you call up any ever not a soft rank the ukola or that the uncola anyway ukola she was the owner at that time cheap bitch I wonder if she's dead I think she's dead oh then I don't say that but I read she was the owner at that time with this big big studio there was a bird bath outside big old drapes up there with a big piano that nobody ever played and the you walked on a hall way down the hall and unlike the setup we got now the studio was in one place and way way down a hall upstairs there was the control room where the producer was sitting where David graveline was sitting ignoring the calls and now see they had to put them through we didn't have the same phone I've told you this before the phones would ring up there and then they would answer them and then they have to like punch him and then your lines would light up in the talk studio and you had calls coming in so David being I guess in those days he's you know graduated from those childish days of his but he decided he was going to screw me over he was upset over the fact they took off his at your service show where they used to talk about killing the cockroaches and how to spray your appendies and patoonies you know all that you're setting stuff and there were no ratings on it so they took it off and expanded the Craig worthy to four hours and me to four hours and they took him off here so he became very petulant about that and he was the board operator for my show and he stopped putting the call through so I had to inspire in the building and one day I was sitting there with like no calls on the board doing one of my tie raids and my spy ran upstairs and sure enough every line in the board was ringing but he wasn't putting in three was answering the phone and I went into a wild major tie right on the year and all of a sudden error reliant on the board this is a true story every line on my board lit up and the intercom there was a red light for the intercom and I picked it up so that he could talk to me said you're happy now slam you're happy now so where's the baby gravy line but now he's our good boy so I know at past a few years some people eventually grow up I don't even hold that against them anymore because it's so long going by the way he did get canned as a result all right he did he got fired but anyway all right so we had this big old transmitter and it had the old final tubes you know the ones that looked like you were in some kind of our cornes, monoconies, museum or something the big glowing tubes you know? Have you ever seen those? Oh man and that was a trip just to go back there and look at the that stuff it was from before radio was ever even invented it was so old that in fact it's a shame that they I don't know what that place is now over there on bay road it's a shame that they ever went out of there because that was like a radio museum kind of like the stuff we got here only most of this stuff we'll get thrown out make it to a radio museum artsmith he was the white hair chief engineer pretty he was close to buddies with the miss I mean with Jack horror camera over there at the space transit plan terrible on the Miss horror kind of a hammer and Joe Freed was our news director in fact Joe Freed I had lunch at the Miramar diner with Joe Freed I had my first interview with Siddleman before they heard me a KT who was the general manager but the night Joe Freed feel like yeah you know important he was the news director he wanted me to have lunch with our would Joe and making me feel like he was involved in the decision who they were going to hire I had lunch with Joe he was a nice guy he was okay he was kind of like well I have another something about that whole KT was kind of a stale place you know I'm saying everybody was kind of like a loof do you follow everybody was a loof it wasn't like a real friendly place it was just a stale oh the audience was old the youngest listener we had was a hundred and they're all dead now anyway so I can see whatever I want about them so Freed he's dead a lot many years now about him he was okay he was a great voice 20 and of course his apprentice was what's his name that wanted up owning the radio station I forget his name now already what that was his name I forget God talk about him and the one that was going to get fired there by the senators wife from on told the story of what that was his name I'm so upset with the sun he's saying why you air in shit like this and now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address he's in the oval office with the gold rates behind him and he is preparing to address the American people the music please my fellow Americans I have deployed our forces the put up a fight in a place called co-servou outside of Albania where all the masses don't use gold right there in co-servou work on a blow away sir be in Muslims in the KLA sloppled up by losos man because his nickname is Slob later of co-servou Freedcast and Pope attaches the caddy and Glocohack Romania folk area taken effort to save theimmung's Oh, Harry, I told me to do point our blades and go. And I'll make some bell grade answer, eh, whoa, and you go, Martin, they grow. And they got less America. Amen. That's 10 stars. 1046 and 560 WDQAM. Oh, yeah. I got making a list. This is morbid. I'm making a list of all the people I've worked with who've died. Remember Spencer, not the Carl Waspenser, but dark complexed spaghetti. The other Spencer that worked for a hot one of five was it? Spencer T. Johnson. Spencer T. Johnson and he stuck his finger in the wrong place and got electrocuted. Just a young guy. He's dead. Larry Kent, dead. Jim Harper. You remember Jim Harper? He always had the same purple sweater on. He used to do all the commercials for, you've heard here's voice all over the market. For INZ years ago. Nancy, the receptionist for INZ, dead, long time ago. I great-finned Bill Calder, long time ago. The Casper, great-friend, great guy. Brilliant radio guy. I'm wondering by the way about certain people. I've got the press kit Robinson. You think he's still alive? You know who that was? Steve Daily. News guys, news directors. You don't remember press kit Robinson or Steve Daily. Preskit Robinson, if you've been here long enough and you're old enough, used to be a news guy on TV. Much less than WD's news. See what do you know, you're just a Johnny Cumleod. I was a little kid with him. Those are just some of the people I've worked with who've died. There's some others that I don't even know about, which oh, that's just all I need is somebody colon say, oh, guess what, so-and-so die. Here I, Harry Berry, I think was his name. All the counting guy, worked at KT. He was, he was ancient then. He's got to be dead by now. Harry Berry. Don't you remember that movie with his brother Berry, with Warren Bady, that to all, all fall down? What was the guy's name that was going to get fired there? That was a Joe Freeze assistant news guy. Howard the Primer. See a guy, I got to work these things out myself. Cause you're useless in that area, you're just a punk. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Hank will be with you from Tampa, the final four over there. I'm sure he's having a not too pleasant drive over there after hearing the news about sunny. They were close friends, do each other for a long long time. Sunny stopped it on Hank's show a couple of times just in the last couple of two. But Hank will be on it too. 6-7, we got Donny B. then the pregame for the Panthers at 7 o'clock, of course. And the Panthers in Nashville, 730, any interest. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. Kurt Hank yesterday was driving up to the truck yesterday afternoon and I realized he had to follow the Marlins, but boy. The phones this week and of course you got pace off and you got Easter. Air beer this time gets deader and deader and more desperate. And I talked to myself boy if Hank is carrying on like a psychotic child about the lack of any kind of response. What's going to happen tomorrow when we got a full four hours? One thing what you got a ballgame like we did yet. Look at this. Look at this pathetic response. Here's a mobile and dear field hello. Thank you. Great. Yeah again. I feel like I'm doing a radio show inside of a dumpster. That's how I feel today. Yeah I know the feeling. Look I'm talking to myself. Well you know it's a shame about Sunny. I mean that was really sad because I remember him from God only knows how long ago. But you hit the nail on the head. I mean exactly when you were talking about the FCC doing the way with the duopoly rule. They did enjoy this business. They have destroyed this industry. They have boarded it. They've made it into what a joke. When I said at the time I said what they've done is they made it like trading baseball cards. You know, action and clear channel and a chancellor and all of these others. They just keep swapping back and forth flipping baseball. Oh here you want this station. I'll give you this one and these two in Syracuse for these two in wherever. And it's a joke. And then the process of doing the way with all the diversity. Right. They're ruining the programming. They're destroying all most of the people are in the business and that's America. You know. We coughed on DOD. That station was unique. I mean the programming was somewhat irreverent. But they had a very firm commitment to news. Right. That changed when time took it over. Unlike this place that if they were dropping bombs, ten blocks up the street. Somebody would have to run down the street and tell us about it because they have no news wire. Which kind of a shame too. Yes. But you know, I think the whole area is everybody feels bad about the lot of the sunning. Because he was very well known. I mean he was. He was an institution down here in terms of sports broadcasting. I used to be a myth. Yeah. Well, I'm Anna. I want to dwell on it all day. You know, because obviously there's no interest in it. But you know, it's a good guy. Okay. I have a great day here. Thank you. And tune up that phone. Okay. One call on the board here. One call on the board. I think I'm going to be next. I think I'm just going to get into the car and just I'm not going to be next. I'm not not not talking about dead. I'm just talking about wandering off and just doing a vanishing act. One call on this board here this morning at 10 to 11 o'clock. George is looking at the phone. I'm looking at him. He's looking at me. Are we on the air? No. You know, like that. Weaver thing. Are we on the air? Is there anybody alive out there? Come to work this morning. I noticed I'm taking a warehouse all the traffic. This isn't like a holiday weekend yet. I'm going to tell you, every year it's condensate. Pretty soon we'll have the so called season and software will be a week, a week. And other than that, it's like that's the end of the season. That's all we got. Because it used to be, you know, from my, well, I want to do that yesterday. Why, why repeat myself. I waste the energy. Every breath you take. Like the police say, every breath you take is so God, the invaluable. Why waste the energy on people that don't give a crap. Oh, it's Passover now. It's Easter. It's this. It's that the cat's got diarrhea. There's always some excuse here while we got a bunch of dead head. Why this is such a lame ass freaking place. God. Here if I, at times I have to pinch myself to see if I'm really awake. If I'm sleeping in a bad dream or not. And what if I want to care if I hear one asshole call this show between now and two o'clock. Then wants to talk about that stupid baseball game in Cuba. I'm going to tell you, that's what you're going to hear. That'll be the symbol that we don't want to hear anymore about it. That'll be the sign. That one right there. Number four. Part number four. If that's, if that's all you have to waste your time thinking about is the fact that the Baltimore Orioles are playing a ball game in Cuba on Sunday. And some bearded dictator asshole. If that's what you're wasting your time, I would suggest a little Andrew Koonan and we'll be a good idea. Okay? We'll make sure your picture is getting the paper if you like. Quit wasting the air that living and breathing useful people could be breathing. Quit wasting the space that those people could be taking up. Here's a mobile info, Waterdale. Hello? Yes sir. Yes I am. Okay. This one could give a quick call. I want to express my appreciation on the Joe Castello show. And I want to congratulate him and the good friend of this. Great. Good night Joe. I'm telling that's one of our good friends. I listen to you. Fine. Right. And great man. I'm happy with the crap about this everything that's going around. You just got a lot of dead people around. That's right. Just like the management people in this building. George is sitting there again. They with a broken phone. Not the phone on the ear, but I'm talking about the business phone. He, anybody calls him. He picks up the phone and goes that immediately. This goes on day after day. We can't do business here. And we got a bunch of people around your go. You know, same old tired stuff going. Like that. That's the response for you here. No matter what what broken down what the problem is. Yeah. But our program director comes here and changes the schedule and tell me. It's a compliment won't be at the Bahamas or whatever. Like I care about that. Okay. I mean, it is that. You know, it plunges brains out wherever you is. Have a great day, pal. You too. Joe Castello says thank you so much. Yeah, there's some real good people in this show. We got a lot of good people in this place. Not too many in management. You got some people to think they know something. Of course I've always had those people that thought that he knew like, you know, I could go down the whole list. Not going to go down the whole list. I had some people who knew something like the Casper who was a real radio guy. And I just ignored five salesmen. Not just a guy trying to boost up his own ego and pretend to be a radio. Mavin and move or in shaker. Like somebody's guys who think they're moving and shaking it. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure you do. Here's a mobile and forlaternal. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how are you sir? Great. We try to call for less couple of days to get in with this list. I don't know if they've actually mentioned these two. Yeah. Mail secretaries. Mail secretary, excellent sir. And mail nurses. Mail nurse, that's all. They always want to take your temperature, Neil. Exactly. They always wanted to look at your documents. Say for everything's okay. Thank you sir. Have a great day. And it's one out of two in bed. There's one new one. Mail secretary. How about this flight attend this? Coffee tea or I'm, it's an old line. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. I'm depressed. I felt so good coming to hear this morning. And D.F. comes in here. Did you hear the news? I said, what are you talking about? Sonny checked out. I mean, it's not like I'm devastated. It's not like we were close friends. But just as all of this is starting to sink in, you know. And then I look around. I'm watching the diminishing return here on the phone. Dead, dead, dead ice place. Maybe you got to, you got to have some kind of motivational thing that gets you, you know, your juices flowing. And that, you know, rub's off out of the audience. Did you? I feel like we're just dying on the vinyl over here, you know. I understand how boring most of that sports garbage is. It's terminal man. It's enough to put you into a coma. Just like Michael Mayo, who never apologized to Dave Halberstein. I'm not even going to quote from that stupid column. It's just morning, okay. Even though he has one or two very good points about our boring hockey team, how terminally I would not pop out of all burrini's right. And if you took away Ray Whitney, I mean, I want to refund. He's right about that. So why don't we have anybody even want to talk about that swirl, huh? But did he ever apologize to Dave Halberstein, Mike Mayo? No, no. And Dave Halberstein gets fired. Yeah. But see, that's the kind of people we got in this town. I have people who are like I said before, if you make a friend someplace else, very often you have a friend for life. When you make a friend in South Florida, you have a friend for about a half an hour. Maybe 20 minutes, all depending on what they look like, you know. And that's it. And of course, if you went into a restaurant, you saw a glory hole there. What else would you put in there to fill in the hole than wood? Wood? Stations, dams for nothing. You should have done a nice piece of sausage, dear Fordy. What are you going to do with it? I'm going to make you a sleo, like a bit of a bit. It's going to have to suck because I hate the pain. If you think I just think that all the things you have given you the whole thing, you should have a pretty mouthed up. It's like the comic point. Oh, you're rabbit hole. Oh, you're all over the air. H1O2 at 5. 16WQAM. So anyway, we're looking scouring this morning to see if we had the old 99 yard that sunny hurricane. We have that anymore. No, long gone. We'll go find it somewhere. And then there was a thing about sunnyhurst, go to INC with a long gone. And then of course there was still Henry's great piece of passion tones with sunnyhurst. Do we have that? No, long gone. The only thing I have now, sunnyhurst is one thing of his. Everybody's got their little quirks. One thing about sunnyhurst is that as the sports director, especially at IOD, he coveted carts, the sports carts. He was very nervous about anybody from programming your news. Any other department going in there and stealing, appropriating the carts that were the sports carts for the sports room and the sports office that they would play this sports to act rallies on, the little sound bites. And so sunnywood put S on the cart. And I understand now that all over the market, because there were cyclists that go back to the factory to when they were out and put new tape in them. And so that we have cart casings, I have one of my hand right now that's gotten as this is close as I have to anything, even though it doesn't have sunny's voice on it. I'm not making this up. It's got these signature sunny, yes, on it. And if you would steal a cart because carts are always hard to come by. Good love and easy to come by, but carts, that's another. And if you would take one of the carts out of the sports room, the use because you were out of the city, sunnywood late in the evening, if he was around early in the morning, I guess he was there really early before us. He would come in and he'd look for the carts with the ass on it and your stuff would disappear because those were his, you know, and that was like, and here's the only one that can find it's got the big ass on it. I don't want to hear about the negative stuff. We got it done. I mean, how I don't get what we want to gain. I don't want to hear nothing negative. I don't want to read no negative. I'm not taking the paper anymore. We finally want to gain. It's all this should be said. For greater dolphins want to gain for what's in. None of this negative. You missed out to $0.00. I'm telling it. Finally, we can put looking at all the damn station showing the dolphin demise. Jimmy Johnson replaced you all at $0.00. I'm telling it, punk. I'm tired of. I'm fed up to hear what they say. Where? Up to here. This is, you know, it's a great guy. You know, I'm sorry for all my concern. Yeah, it was good. I'm just happy that we were able to get away and the takes the first up. But no means is this thing. We have to, you know, continue to concentrate and get ready. Look, my dad, could you come in here, son? What is it, mom? What is it? What was that? Oh, God. What she wants to clean his ears out with Croix after he heard Brian Cox is stringer profanity there. So that was a sudden-hurt's car there with a big S on it. And that's as close as we get right now. We'll work on it. Here's Miami. Hello. I don't know if you said, but one of your former colleagues that used to talk about jungle bodies in war with Jerry Wichner, I understand quite some time ago. You had a stroke. Really? Yes. And also, Neil, I don't think that was mentioned when Henry Barrow comes on and takes over for the worst team on Monday. Henry Barrow? Yes. Well, he after work Saturdays like Geefall. Yes. He's got his own trade-outs here. They're going to be trading and reouts for booze on the Saturdays. Yes, sir. Right immediately after the Depo trade-out show. Hey, listen, don't big ride these guys. Okay? They have to learn to get free stuff as well as we have yet. They're working on it. Anything important to me over the track? Why keep something important? Wow, I want to see. Here's some boring stuff. What the stuff that comes in on this fax machine. Wow. What is this? What is this? The term, and empty wallet. What is this mean? What does this mean, Mike? Ooh, and this guy's a CPA. He's an infact. I mean, I couldn't make head or tails of this if you were stuck at gun in my mind. Correct. I can't figure it out, Mike. I'm trying. Is Lee Baby Sims dead? He was on love 94 and ran into many personal problems. You remember this guy? No. Do you remember him? No. Is he dead? Do we know if he's dead? I don't know. Do you remember him? Did anybody call the police if President Robinson or Steve Daley or did it alive yet? No. Did you work with Big Wilson? No, but I knew Big. No, he was a good guy. I knew Big very well. He was not a good guy. He was a great guy. Great guy. Used to play the piano with the New York Statehouse. See, I know that all of us old farts like me. We like to indulge ourselves and us down in the good old days. But you know something this town today compared. And even when I got here in 76 it was already going downhill. But now it is compared to what it was. Don't give me 10 blocks of art deco and a bunch of steroid laden posing Fags and you know, hot shot movie stars. Don't pretend that that's a substitute for what this town used to be. New York Statehouse. And the guy that started that place, he's dead two by the way. Which I can't figure his name. Big Wilson did. Now, what did a lot of people these people have in common? Fat, that's right. So I don't want to start lecturing Boog. Okay, or you default. I don't want to start lecturing out of my blood sugar this morning. 78 George. 78. How do you like that? Not losing away all that fast. It's not exactly pouring off. But I'm it's inching on the way. It's in the right direction. 78. Because I'm finally realizing that, you know, it gets closer to the end. You just can't screw around anymore. All that fish food, all that crap I was eating. I mean, who the hell am I kidding? Who am I kidding? Nobody. Just like that spot used to say, you can't fool mother nature, baby. But big Wilson, he wasn't big. He was a monster in the broadcasting industry. Dead. So many of these people. And sunny, you know, sunny was never fat. Boom, George and I were talking about this as Moine. Sunny, hers was never fat. Because he was a big guy. But he was always chunky. Not fat like with a big pupic like that kind of fat. But always heavy. You know what I'm saying? And then, of course, when you're heavy, you've already got stress on the organs. And the people over there, you're working for are stressing you out and stringing you along. I wonder how they feel over there today, you know? I wonder how Ron and Wolf and Pete Bulls, you're in all those other management types that refused to tell this guy the truth. And that's strong him along and made him a laughing stock in the industry. By the way, they treated him, firing somebody in the media with all the speculation that was going on day in and day out and very jackass writing this and writing that, I wonder how they feel over there now. Of course, I know how Bulls are feels because there's no sense. There's no feeling. And when you've screwed over as many people as he has, you reach the point, I guess you don't care anymore. There's only one thing I want to ask you today, Pete, when it comes to you and your cohorts over there at the channel broadcast. Anybody have a heart or a liver? Oh, look at that, Greg, we got a bad haircut. Jesus Christ, you look like you ran into a lawnmower. Now, you know something, if he went and got a haircut, that means he had to get close to a barber and he's got mono. Oh, that's right. No, he says you're right. I didn't do it. We've gone with a lawnmower, right? Good choice. Well, I was good. See, he did it because he don't want to spread that disease anymore. And by the way, your costel is back and healthy. Don't get in your him anymore. In fact, if you get in your job, you just kind of hang in the back of the room and pretend you don't own. Nice, soo-to. Greg said, is that a new suit? That's a nice suit, I just said if you were listening to me instead of the hand, I just said it's a nice suit. Or money. Or money. Oh, and our money. Oh, man, now we know where the money is going. Okay. 9 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WQA, I'm serious. What, what does happen to that man? He got a haircut. It looks like somebody just took a little like a baby suit on those little pinky shoes, you know, and just a little choppin here and there. It's like pointing in all different directions now. Man, he looks bizarre. He's a bizarre guy that Gregory. But anyway, it's Friday. You best, dude. Robin Williams is had jannons. The time to use this humor as mad as I think. What's the news? On our little boy. Well, Mr. Miss Smith, your son has rectal colon cancer. And he's going to be dead soon. Oh, good. Oh, good. No. Hey, pull my finger. What? Stop. Pull my finger. Come on. Pull it. Okay. Whoa. How about his medicine? Man who nano. Bad jannums. The doctor was last. You got AIDS. Whoa. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yes. That one. Oh, that one. It's a good one. Listen to me. It's a good one. It's a good one. You got to be a doctor. Feel good. I don't have any more of those. The test results from my doctor. No. Doctor, patch. No. I just mentioned that in passing since it's now a Friday. Nine days later. It's 11.15 at 5.60. WKM. We've got 200 open lines for it. Here's not today's letter in the editor. By the way, every day we got why at least one. That's really an ass. That's with the capital ASS. Edward Ferrance in Del Ray Beach, right? old Edward. Oh, and Del Rey Beach, huh? We'll have to play that one way. Sitting at a bench? Yeah, not to play that. Call on this often abusive towards senior citizens is the heading to put it above Edward's letter. It's his way to March 21st, column by John Grogan, servers issued up reward good work. I object. I strangely objectively object. This kind must know I must do what's his name? With a big black guy named Schmendrick. I strangely Mr. Grogan repeatedly panning senior citizens. He talks about senior citizens failure to tip and stealing sweet and low. And a board meeting of our condominium association. We discussed his treatment of seniors. We hope something can be done to stop this abuse by this column this. At a board meeting of the, at Sothecando Commando said, around at the board meeting. And they said, oh, what are we going to do? Maybe we will drop a resolution like they didn't handle and they a 100 years ago to get Neil Rodgers off the air. Didn't work? No. No. Let's get John and in fact John Grogan is one of the few people who occasionally write the column in his town and makes any sense. Like when he ripped the Catholic church a couple of times. Oh, he was raised the Catholic. Hey Edward, I hate to break the news to you old fart. Oh, I. Stealing sweet and low. I wonder where John Grogan got that. Wonder where he got that. Have a nice day. By the way, John have a great week. I'm sure listening to show right now. The senior citizens, I'll say it again for the 50 million time. I'll say it as long as I possibly can no matter where you go in the world. There are young people, they're old people, they're people in between. They're people in every demographic group. But the places and overrun by Crochety old farts except a few places and one of them is here. Right. You can go out to Sun City. You can go to Tucson. Huh? There are a handful of places in America that are for people waiting to die. Some of them have already died. Just nobody told them. This is one of them. And the rest of us here, by the way, we ended bitterly. I presented it since the day I came here 23 years ago and until I stick my fat ass in the ground, I'll continue to reason it. The fact that we have a bunch of nasty, rotten old people. I make somebody old people are nice. My mother's nice. That's about it. But that's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that. Everybody else is miserable. Everybody else is business. We're uptight. Everybody's good. If you're a young girl, or whatever you want to go to, the sub center, get a great meal. With our fantastic lunch today. Thank you, Sarah. Chuck, bring in our lunch and see what we get service here with a smile. That's the way we do it. Thank you, Sarah. And have a great weekend. Thanks, Chuck. Sub center corner 4419 is very road. Best meets, best everything. They're great. They love us. Neesey Chuck, they're got some mishapoh over there. They're fantastic. See, like I told you, they're some nice people around. And of course, they're not old. What do you look at? I'm just, oh, you just curious, is it what this is? Yeah, it's exactly what I want. It's what the doctor orders. It can act in perfect lunch. Cheese and onions on some tuna. Because the meatballs, cut them way back and I read meat, you know, cut them way down on that. You can do like, and without all that meat. Plus tomorrow, I have a big steak and you know who's buying notes here. Or is it who claims he's buying anybody believe rumors buying? What he says, it probably come down, have a relapse without illness. You know, it'd be sick again. Here's a mobile in derail. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. A normal, well, this is Mark and Derelle. Like I said, here's Mark and Derelle. Not on a mobile. A deal, the good old days in Preston Robinson and Big Wilson. Remember that? Remember he used to do 51 with a cano all night movies? What did I do? No, there it is. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, you used to do the old, my movies. Yeah, he did. And it would roll out on the night owl. He'd be sitting at the piano table, tinkling on a piano like I used to say, and a bubble around and there's a lot of stuff. Because the owl that he had on top of his cano in different costumes, you know, you remember the owl on the piano? Yeah, so that's how to set. Yeah. And Preston Robinson, yep, he did. He did. I don't get the lever now, but he was, he was not that. And he was a big one. He was a little too. Absolutely not. I don't remember that. But he was, um, he looked like me like you wouldn't, and then you know, as far as the average shape. And he did the channel six news and stuff like that. That's right, channel six. Oh, really good old days. You're right. You can't live in a past, but I was, well, we got much better here than man that used to have needles restaurant named after me and I'll enroll there. Oh, boy, I was really good. Did you? Yes, for five years. I lived right next to Derelle. What did you live? I lived 100, hop, 107th in the sunset. Oh, wouldn't you wouldn't know the place right now? You came by, you wouldn't, you wouldn't, you wouldn't. I've seen it. Let me do a parent's down there. I go down there. And I get to a lot of their spaces like him. Well, I would have congested impossible to breathe. Man, can death is not the way. Well, I don't feel what you are. You know, you said it. It's a 70 and now I want it. I want to split the empty out even more. Oh, hey, listen, they only problem with the phone calls. I don't mind the fact that I can drive the work now and I'd have to sit bump at a bumper for an afternoon. Have a great day, pal. All right. Say how to Steve and daily. All right, couple. Anybody know where Steve daily is? No, that are alive. No, we know. Wait, don't know enough. And you know, that's the problem. We're so isolated from reality. We don't get any information any news. Like I'd have called a couple of days ago about that scandal at freehold raceway. And I appreciate it in chronic as we get no news about anything. You know, if they're not interested in the Sun Sentinel or the Harold, we get no news about it. And by the way, you're wrong about Howard Parker. He was driving at the metal lands last night. So he must be there who knows what the deal is. But George Brennan, did we see him last night with he drive it? No, no, maybe we won't see him no more. But I mean, there's a major sports story. And of course, this is the sports station. Do they know anything about harness racing on his station? No. Every now and then they're doing a show from pop at O'Park. Do they know anything about it? No. We get any news about that thing at freehold raceway? No. We're so isolated here. Like I said before, you know, one good thing. If you grew up here as a kid, you never had to go through this no storms and asleep and all that head colds in the summertime. All of that. But on the other hand, you never had a chance to talk about radio for example. They're all the great stations in those day. WABC and WLS and WJR Detroit and WLST stations. All the KM elections say Lewis with all the sports. WKVW and WBZ and Boston. Radio down here was strictly a cackling of no speaking in English. And you're so isolated being down here on his penis a lot from the rest of the human race down here. That there's no good. That's why there's so many perokial people here. They've never been anywhere. They don't grow anywhere. They don't know for me. Oh, I'm going to Vegas. Can you tell me a good place to gamble? Where can I find a slot machine in Vegas? 560, 560, 560, 560. On the AT&T WR Lestline. Here's a mobile informyer. Hello. Mobile informyers. I'm there. Time. Look at all the money they spend on there and I finally get to them in their grunk. Okay, sorry. I'm your time. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. 20 of open lines. No waiting. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. What's up with Pablo Burai? You tell me. Yeah. What are you going back? When he feels like it. Hey, can I get a request? No. 560, 720 calls. Let's do these two. And I'm going to eat lunch and peace. I've got a lot of great music here. I mean, this is just reached the point. I mean, maybe the other people on the station don't care. Maybe they're kind of willing to set back. I don't know his handcast that it was losing his patience with his audit. Maybe they were on the sit back and take being ignored. And nobody wants to speak to us anymore. I don't operate that way. Okay? Because I don't have a million guests. I don't want a million guests. I don't have a much of other bozos sitting around. And I can talk about back and forth about who's pitching and who's catching. You know, it's better and so on. And who's drilling the glory holes and is there graffiti in the ladies room up the hallway? I don't have that. Dr. Ortsitting and there with a phone that don't work in the me sitting here waiting to put my lunch in the microwave to eat the cheese again. Come on. Let's melt the cheese. What is it? It's going to be real good stuff. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I thought I'd talk to you. You'll credit such as last night it told me that he has gone from predicting that that where there's the only guests. Yeah, I think that was great. There's a surprise here. I'm on the after the show for the full show. I think it was last night of the night before. You're talking about number two right. I think it was number two. I can tell you at best event. If you come, you all will see going for the summer. I'm going to take up the names of a couple of moments. Okay. Thank you. Ken Block calling in there with a dog attracting with Sunni Hershey's voice on it. How do you like that? We have to depend on Ken Block to call in with a sunny Hersclip. Thank you Ken. I knew Sunni later. It only took 23 years, but Sunni later you do something that we appreciate. Oh, it's here for Ken Chip off the old block. Amazing. 27 years the voice of the Huracouans does anybody care? In fact, one of the last things. Where the hell is that? Now I can't find what I'm up for. Get about it. Okay. Oh, I know what it's under. When the last things, I remember our sunny stay in the remember the day that he left. IOD to go over to the other place and he walked out the door and he looked back and he said, you know Neil. All right, guys. In blow. And I said, good points, honey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm not as trained as Jell-Ord today. You know, really is. So depressed about this place. Of all what's happening here. And we can't stop it. It's like when the Dijk burst, you know. And you bring all. You try to bring about your people over to stick their finger in the Dijk. And no matter how many people stick their finger there, they just can't stop the flood. Like those times and this appears to be over there in an Amsterdam. Here's more Lauderdale. Hello. Okay. And I stock into. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Hey. Why did I call it a sports show? They only talk about baseball and football. They don't know anything else. What are you talking about? What is a sports show? What would you be talking about? Sir. The QAM sports surf. Yeah. In the sports show in the morning. Well, that's worried about us. That's not worried about them. Okay. They've got a tough life. They've got a tough life. I've got a tough life. I've got a tough life. I've got a tough life. This week you boys punk on there. How would you like to have to put up with that? Yeah, all right. But it is awesome. It's a QAM. QAM is not us. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Sir. I'll just tend to two, not QAM. Don't ever confuse the two. I'll just tend to end the two. PM, period. When I first came here, I thought I was QAM. But it's very, very clear for anyone to see. Even Johnny Nash is saying, I can see clearly now. But it's strictly like two different worlds. Remember that song? Of course, you know, if I'd seen Morgan and Roger Williams on Cap Records? for uh huh. Remember that pink foil? Two different worlds. Yeah. I'm going to blow it. Sounds like I'm about some kind of a pansy pink Floyd. 560 560, 560 on the AT&T. Well, I was not just going to keep plotting the head here. Wait, and there'll be a day. There'll be a moment when now they can come back. You'll see. I've been to these peaks and hills and valleys. These peaks of 20 years. All through these years. Yeah. Take a peek. Like I said, if you want to feel like the original what better than wood. The other night I watched a wrestling match. Oh, it's big. Who's men with sweaty crack a rarer? They would try to grab each other's as a... Very nice thing more than the tiny cheese strap. Oh. But when they grinds up the bell and the match goes over. Oh. I couldn't. I was buzzing. I noticed. I had a big bow there. I want a being a wrestler. I'm so old. I'm so old. And have a man's crotch wrapped around my mouth. I want a being a wrestler. Pressure. Pressure. It's pushing inside and out. Oh. Why did it change the little guy? Six my hand between another man's life. Oh, man, I told my man so away. I get to sell my finger. You know that other than sometimes you train. You don't need to have much above brain as long as in the shower after you work out. You don't want to wait in someone's balls in your mouth. I know that white things can be messy and too belly. That's why they like to grow fatk why on their belly. I want a being a wrestler. And retaining more runs just like you. I want the being a wrestler. And maybe run forth of an heir to as long as they're the tracks of crowds. I don't mind I'm going down Robert's feet because I bought another thing. Oh, we're back. It is. 1133 at 5. 60 WQ. A lot of guy you are Neil. These people think you are hard-bitten rotten asshole. You're a hell of a guy. Man, if you ask me. Right. I'll go. That's what I believe in. Treat people the way you would like to be. Treat. I'm going to do this business. By the way, Greg, nice to crappy her cut. Open line in somewhere. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. On the AT&T. I'm going to work feverishly. That's my new year. Even though it's the 20 up. 6. That's my new year's resolution. I'm going to work feverishly now. But the caller. Keep in mind, there's a whole two of different roar of like I said. There's the caller's and then there's the listeners. And boy, never the 20. Tell me, thank God. Here's more Laterdale. Hello. Yes. Four questions of the day. Was it? People, or day? Who killed? Oh brother, woo! Heavy, doody. See, I feel bad about that because I like Dave Le Mans. Well, I do. Do I like Dave Le Mans, George? Huh? You always said nice things about that. Yeah, he's a good guy, he loves me. Jay, he's a woman. But, you know, he should have told Sony, you know, he really should have. He knew he was going to get to deal. Whether he wanted it was farting all the time. Dave Le Mans. He was constantly, he'll tell you, he's proud of it. It just came to think, see, when Dave Le Mans would fart, it would be funny. Because he couldn't help himself. He was like a little immature, you know, till he was about 30. And he just couldn't help it. We're sitting up there doing UN baseball together. And, oh, geez, my eyes didn't be watering. I'd say boy, they sure got some spice. You could bost it or make it down there. And then I would realize it wasn't your bost at all. I was, they've cut in the cheese. But, like fat boy around here, that goes around doing it like intentionally. Just to gross people out, including the lovely ladies we got. We got around here and send the warts all over. I mean, come on. Big difference. Probably smell worse, too, by the way. That's one thing about Dave Le Mans. At least his farts were like, you know, aromatic. It's hard steel, New York. Hey, no. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Where the hell is hard steel? We made to make fun of New York time when I called. Hard steel is outside of New York City. Yeah. I'm all with a honey-ated disc. My boy. My brother said, just put the new rod that's gone. And you can listen to it. I'm tempted to. Yeah, you'll feel better. You're probably feeling better already. I've been on well today, the depressing show. Yeah, it is. I'm sorry about that. I mean, I apologize that's only her side, but I hadn't done the do with it, you know. I know I worked for another radio station in the late 70s. I had great in the hands side. The general manager has passed on. The sales minister has passed on. Right. Good. You know? It is said. Goes to show you that, like, sunny from the market used to say, we're not here for a good time. Just a lot of used to say, whatever he said. He said, life's a bitch. And then you die. Right. So, this how we get through the day and how we've been tempted to, and to research and get fixes back. Well, I'll be here, pal. I'm going to come in just to make sure that keep your company. I listen. You haven't heard of plug yet for the radio. For the chocolate radio. Yeah. The best stuff in the world, man. You haven't said anything. Ella, why? He hasn't sent me a don't brother. I'm lying on the floor. Like I said, that stuff probably wasn't that good anyway. You know, listen, feel better, pal. Thanks, back to the video. That was good stuff to chocolate. The guy turned out to remember how pushy he was though. And then he put it in Lorenzo's. I wonder if Lorenzo still has that chocolate radio. Do we know about that? No. Probably. Of course, people are worried about that right now. They're worried about their wines and all the other. Yeah. Get all their piece off stuff to any why do people go through this. Why do we do why do that we? Why do you do it? What's the point? Maybe some Jew out there will call in and tell us all what Passover's all about again. The last supper. If it really has something to do with Jesus, glad they pass over Seda. Why do you do it? Well, what's the point? Why do we have to keep? Oh, it's tradition. It's like a sore slavery with tradition. Treating women like cattle. That was tradition too. Bombing places. Kill in like in Northern Ireland. That's tradition too. The Jews in the Arabes in Israel. That's tradition. Can I tell you that a lot of tradition sucks. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Going once. Going twice. Can't keep it up. 5. 6.0. 5.60. On the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. This is a circumcised Julio and Miami. Yes, sir. Just like to tell you, I'm graduating from college now. And you mean everything to me. I don't think I would have made it without you. All right. I love you. Great. I'm graduating in four weeks. Okay. Okay. I'm going to line. We know that is. 5.60. 5.60. 5.60. On the AT&T. Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. Are you? Change subjects a little bit. Vegas. Did you think it's getting a little out of control there? You know, with all these hotels being built up? No, I do not. Really? What does that mean? A little out of control. I mean, I don't know. I go there a lot. They have more choices, more different places to go. More new things to see. Work, sighting things to enjoy and more entertainment and more amazing sights to a behold. Why is that the out of control? Did you go, you were there just recently, right? Yes. You know, remember? I was there last month twice. Right. When I go about five times a year. Well, one then, why do you go five times a year if it's getting out of control? What is your name? It's called work. Oh, I see. I got a lot there for work. But I can't stop for a baby. For work. Yeah. But anyways, I mean, did you get a chance to go into the Venetian to see the hotel that they are in the rooms and stuff like that? No. That's the place. Absolutely gorgeous. So what's the problem then? The traffic. I mean, the traffic. The traffic. Oh, traffic's out of control. I told you. I said, from the MGM Grand Parking Lot to get out onto the block pass, the strip. I was going to go on the interstate. You know, because I was going down to one of the casinos further down. So I think it's interesting. It took me 45 minutes, which is like a few blocks. It's incredible. Yeah. That was that area there. It's real bad. Yeah. That's the northern point or the southern point of the strip. Right. Yeah. That's how to control. Anyways, why don't you bring back a feel of energy to do a little sunny hair Sherry, you know? I wish if I had that man, it would have been the first thing out of the box. So passing phones with sunny hair. Well, we'll find it somewhere. The memory of Dave Lamont. Yes. Dave Lamont. Okay. Yeah. They think that now. That's our full question. Was it Dave Lamont or Pete Bulger? That put the screws to sunny. That really put them over the edge. That's our full question. What do you think? Pete. Yeah. Pete. We would like Dave. Dave's a good guy. Don't they need a job? Yeah. Dave needed a job. Okay. I mean, he was in difficult position. It's hard to turn around and say somebody. Hey, by the way, I'm taking your job, son. Yeah. But Pete, he was the person in charge. He's the one who's supposed to say, by the way, on such and such a day, we won't be needing your services anymore. Dave's going to be doing a ball. And that's it like a man instead of like a weasel. A radio weasel. Let's that bulger piece of turd. Compulsive piece of garbage. If there's a radio hell, he'll be there all by himself. Oh. 19 till noon at 5. 16 WQ maybe fat boy will be there too. Not that that's bad. Fat boy is great compared to him. And he's a 19 before 12 at 5. 16 WQ. And by the way, Pete's a lot of knows that the holidays are coming. And that's why Jeff is a whipping up that monster. So Pete and Monteloson, you can. So all of our Jewish friends out there can continue to enjoy the great food of the pizza love. You don't have to worry about because it's on 11 baby. That's right. And it's delicious. It tastes just like the real thing. In fact, when is he going to bring that stuff over here one day next week? I hope. Okay. Seriously, remember after we had a life to your. I said, don't you? Wow, you're going to make this all the time because I've ever said no. It's too hard to make. I told you. I told you. I was told. I was told. I was told. I was told. I was told. I was told. Ken knows ready to erupt that how are you being so safe and healthy. Poor life and this plan could end tomorrow, of's to swallow, y'know? Yet there you are. Silly, low fat, low cal dinners and crackers and safety sex. Well, we sure as heck many are reaching spoon. Where Chubby's 60 spoon and we love gyners. Damn baby. Soon his elbow climbed up. You can't bring me over that double fried large. Where George? Thanks. And Chubby. We don't care about cholesterol or STDs. We don't care about much of it. these lifestyle in a 90s town of world because we know it may all be over tomorrow. Hey, baby. Wanna go for a little tumble? Ooh, you'd be my 200 second today. I don't know if I should. No, what if there is not tomorrow? You're right. Just give me a call conference, William. It's Chubby's greasy spoon and free love dinner. Come in today. Like right now. Oh, 1146 had five 60s. I mean, the camera in Georgia is really just shaking. He was a good guy. He wasn't going to be nice to the underling when I was an underling. He was nice to everybody. Everybody got along with sonny. I don't remember sonny. He ever sang a bad word about anybody. Any having any kind of a conflict, uh, although I know I do remember one story about him. Get, I don't remember what it was about. That's why it stands out in my mind. One time, I guess he went ballistic about something and went into Bob Green and just jumped up and down. I don't remember what it was about. But other than that, in all those years, it just didn't happen. Because he was a very easy-going guy. Well, like, play everybody. And they did a broken man. They broke his spirit. Because the one thing that mattered to him in life was being the voice of the university of Miami sports. Was there a problem with that? No, no. Of course, there are a bunch of backstabbers. Two, how come I left them out? Is if I don't know that? Remember that one, Hank and I were going to do that game when the sonny was out. Rick Weaver had to go somewhere whatever was. And sonny wanted to do a dolphin game to fill in for Rick Weaver some weekend. So we had a U of M baseball game to broadcast. I only broadcast U of M baseball for six years. By the way, into the spectacitor job, I everyone's account. Even my grows in tall. So they were going to have me do the play by playing. Hank, do the color. We thought it would be a lot of fun. Hank was doing night tonight with the idea of that time. We were looking forward to it. And the university of Miami, blue knows this. One or two of those assholes over there. One or two of those homophobic assholes there. No, we don't want him. We don't want him not going to work. So Mike Disney to his credit. Said, okay, well, if that's the case, we just won't broadcast the game at all. I just go on this. Oh! How do you like that? Because there's a lot of assholes over there at the university of Miami. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney, right? Exactly right, FNA. So don't leave them out. Because they also stabbed him in the back. They're the ones who responsible all what we feel we need to make a change. Yeah, no loyalty whatsoever. You hurt a cool bastard, Joe Littick. When your bankrupt god damn program. Oh, that's right. They're going to be on your station. Big deal. They still suck. We got plenty of stuff on his station. That sucks. What's that? What the hell was that? Do you hear that beep? Maybe the fact machines out of paper are dying. What is that beep? Could be. Is that what that is? I'll check in. Suggestion for today's. Oh, this is this. CPA, go find some work. Well, yeah. Softboard is most attractive. New zankers and reporters. Yeah, like Marilyn Mitchell. She's attractive. Like my golden retreat, we're left to a pile in a backyard who looks just like Marilyn Mitchell. I could have actually kept you on. Hey, Marilyn. What are you doing to my yard? Yeah. With those crossed eyes and at the catwoman look, like catwoman just had some real grotesque disease. Still short. Still short. That's fine. It just keeps going through my mind over and over to that Bud Light spot. I can't get out of my mind. Seriously. First, they reject the credit card. Sorry, guys. And the whole, a whole duck is like three crumbled up singles in whether it keys and the change. Uh-uh. Not enough. Uh-uh. Yeah. It's hard to figure who's the best. But my favorite in that spot was paper or plastic. He's the best. I could just watch that spot all day. It's your more entertaining. Most of the stuff it's on TV. Who was the jazz buff on WI and Z during the Jim Harper days? Who followed a preceded Ned. Ned. I don't know. I vaguely have some ideas. See now all us old farce. We got a member back because you didn't even remember Jim Harper. With that purple sweater he wore every. And he wasn't really, uh, he was very low key in very mild manned. But he wasn't that nice of a guy. When he really came right out of it. But he's been there a long time. Wasn't very nice guy. Here's a, uh, graphic removal report in Oakland Park. Hello. Yeah, I know there's a major league, uh, traffic jail on the southbound the wreck and uh, sunrise. It's a car rear end of the summer. I'm magnified. I'm magnified. I'm magnified. Okay. And in Vegas the best way to beat the traffic is stay at Valley. Because you're right there. We'll mingle in the strip. So you don't have to get caught in that strip traffic. Yeah. Well, the, I have to, uh, you know, I just got to stay at the MGM. I love it. Well, she's farce at the X caliber and then walk across the street to the MGM. Yeah. You can get in and out of the X caliber. Yeah. Yeah. You know, just stay in one place. Okay. Don't move. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. The bad news there. I listen, you know, it's something you're going to have a good time. You have to put up with some inconveniences. So there's a bad traffic problem in Vegas to guy was right about that. It's getting more more congested. You know, see, we should only have a traffic problem because we got so many tourists. We have a traffic problem because we got a bunch of assholes here. Don't know how to drive. We got a bunch of old people in their jukenus who would absolutely don't belong in a road. We got a bunch of scared banana boat people driving their beat up old brown Toyota owners at Thumpelong on a road with no breaks. No headlight. You know the story. We've been through it a minute times. Oh, gee, it's going to get out of hand for it. I have too many tourists. Yeah. God forbid, we should actually have people want to come here to have a good time. Well, they can always go to the lippen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, that's just sounds so panzy as to me the lippen. Oh, you're going to the lippen for what? For what? See a bunch of guys wackin' their balls back and forth. See a bunch of bikes out there playing Lee. He's tennis. I'm not interested. Okay. Sorry. No interest. The kinds of things that are supposed to be the big events in his town. Yeah. I mean, you're just, you're just kidding yourself. All you chamber of commerce people. All you politicians. You're just stroking yourself. That's all you're doing. You're hoes and everybody. You're full of crap. Anybody that they've ever been any place. Like all these people talking about Vegas. Vegas. Even though Southern Baptist when they all those goodly two shoes phonys. When they have a convention where they go, Vegas. That's right. They plunge their brains out. They get laid. And then they, the next day, they lie about it. You know, we're all stuck in vester's in. And everybody likes to be even better. Here's a bokeh. Hello. You know. Yes, sir. Listen, what I'm in in the York. I want you to know that I listen to you on my computer. I think it's great. Excellent. What do I want to daughter for everybody that's supposed to be on the audio and at all over the world right now. I could buy lunch tomorrow. No kidding. It's really great. And you're calling them so you can go back a month or whatever. It's really terrific. Listen. It's nice. How come, like, after midnight, there is, you can get nothing on the radio appear in Bocax's span of stations. Because they're supposed to be sleeping. But I mean, did I cut the signal down or did they do something? What happens there? Uh-huh. They have to cut the signal down. Did they really? After sundown. Is there it? Yes. That's nothing new. Let's be in the window. There it is. But what's the reason? I don't understand them. They're taking pictures. Because at night, the atmosphere is thinner. So radio signals travel farther and they're furrowing each other. So protect the other signals that are, right? That's the way we got to do it. So I get absolutely nothing to just spend the stations in for a while. Right. So that's a good time to put in those cassettes. Right. Okay, pal. Thanks. Good luck. That's the FCC. You know, you ask holes up there and watch the FCC. If you had a brain you'd be dangerous. Okay. Let a bunch of grave robbers come in and buy up every goddamn station. We got, you know, and they even bought out J-Core. Man, oh, man. What an embarrassment. What an unbelievable queer channel. They're all out J-Core, all their stations. So they can stick Dr. Laura on and they can stick Fed ass limbo on. Air and Tommy don't like us on air. The marginal candy ass so-called talent. But that same boring garbage on every station in America. I'm really shocked that these people haven't, you know, without the same, because that's all they know. They love cheap. That's our poll question. Who's cheaper? Beesley read or the queer channel people. That's our poll question today. Although we'd like to pay you with some stock. How about you wanting to stock? No. No thanks. Yeah, in fact, the rumor has it that Rick Rye is getting paid only in stock. No money, just stock. That's why I talked about the market. You know, Rick really seriously, I do like you. Even though you don't believe that, I like Rick. He's bizarre. He's complicated. So it's what we all like. But Rick is, you know, an acquired taste. But the idea of my turning on a radio and hearing Rick Ryelly talking about the stock market will be, you know, we like turning on watching a cartoon and hearing Elmer Fudd and talking about brain surgery. You just, it just don't fly. Here's another traffic report in North Miami, hello. Uh, yeah, how you doing? Great. You saved my life. I'm a messenger out here. We love you. Anyway, this, uh, accident. 235,000, 95. Yes, sir. Back to all the way past Golden Blade standing still. Jesus Christ. Yeah, what am I saying? Yeah. Uh, I just was about to six facts in the scene today. I'm not going to say that. Oh, my God. I told you there's something wrong out there. Didn't like it on my imagination. There's something wrong here, man. Uh, I think it's because you're getting the ball game. No, forget them. I don't know. Keep going. Okay, thanks. Five, six, seven, five, six, so beware. Okay. You got the two locations. You got the one up there and open. And then 135,000, that's the 95. So if I were you, why did I get out? And I just go walk over to Bally's. Punched by brains out. Then walk across the street to a season in the morage. Treasure Island. Oh, Vegas, you know, even the weather in Vegas. I know some people, oh, it's too hot. There's a hundred and ten degree. You know, something I like it when it's hot and Vegas. Doesn't buy. The only thing that does bother me. It's a very minor thing is the, you know, the electric shock that you get. Because everything is so dry. Let you touch a railing or anything. Metallic, you touch. You know, it's like going to rafers. You feel like a little practice rolled sparky. You know. But other than that, I like it when it's 112. And the shit doesn't bother me. Because most of the time you're inside anyway. And it's dry. And it's the beautiful. The sun is the high sun and the perfectly blue sky. And you look off and there's lots more. And tiniest in the background with a snow on top. It's, it's heavenly. I mean, I realize it's not the kind of landscape we got here. Yeah. Like in the Everglades with the, you know, Gators in the Martian, the mush and the grass and the weeds and the, whatever's in there, yeah. And the man of peace. All right, guys. Big blow. I want to challenge you to the other dead. The you and then said we need you to pay. They didn't offer that. I thought we were two. Just with it's with Paul. Let's go get a bad food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. That's that we got some benefits for you. Just with it, game is all that you got to do. You have all the drugs and women. You've ever seen a party down the street in a lima thing. We had food. Yeah. We had food. Okay. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had the double lady. Show got kiss. They gave the pool a little slap on the ribs. What type of set it just another day. We gonna keep on doing what we do anyway. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. We had food. Oh, baby. We had food. We probably took a five-sixty WQM. They never met in the Woodward asshole. They didn't like it. They went football program. I'll tell you that. Anyway, we are kicking ass here. They are all usually very, very upset. They for us, sunny hurs are good friend passed away overnight. And like I said, way back 1976, KAT. I'm going to bring that picture. There's Irf Schindler's in that picture. Surely Spellabur, that bitch Craig Worthing. Yours truly, Sid Levine, Lynn Russell, Jim Alton. Who I leave on. And sunny, of course. And Chris Myers. And how, uh, Primer is in there too. That must have showed asshole. You know, Howard Primer? He's an asshole. Wow. Man, oh man. Something, you know, see if there's money in the family, it always helps. Just keep that in mind. If somebody's got some money in the family, it always helps. Here's a mobile and dear field, be chill out. Neil. Yes, sir. Can you ask me a question, please? Can I ask you a question? Answer me a question, please. Oh, we're kind of. Uh, what did Dave Joss of the Sunset will have against Pomp and a part? 150,000 dollars. And not one word about the result of 49 mile. And they've talked about track record. I wish I was out of town that we can't wish till I would have seen it. It must have been just unbelievable. It was a great direction. Yeah. Well, you know, like I said before, there's this big scandal that's free hold that we read anything about it here. No. That record breaking ratio talking about, uh, at Pomp and a part couple of weeks ago, not a word about it that it was coming up that it was done. Yeah, that this is the way this time works. If they're interested, then they'll write about it. If not forget that it's just strictly bushly. The following time. The following time they had write about some virtual and low and thin. Yeah. And by the way, to answer your question, since they fired some lady, I don't even remember what her name was, who was a good friend of Dave Joss of the Pomp and a part, whoever don't he was in Cumberland. But since he got a rat's part, he's got a bug up his ass about them. So he isn't got a by anything positive no matter what they do. Okay. And that's the way this town works. You know, that's, uh, that's the name of the game. All right. Newly closing. Lally from Pinsworth, Edward Island. Yeah. I know what's going on. Okay. That's what I wanted to shot in the last race last night. Oh, it was a little concerned around that first turn there, right? Wally, Tennessee. You know, there's that expression as, as an ass to you. They want to be. Wally is as good as he wants to be. You know what I mean by that? When he wants to be good, he's good. Right, Wally, how's it going? Hey, if you'll see him in the game tonight. Hey, you didn't stop by a little longer than just shake my hand. Wally, you know, I know you're, I know why you're running. I know all those tickets I've turned up there at the track. Still, we don't hold it against you. We don't need to. We take it personally. Hold it against Wally, Tennessee. Uh-huh. We do. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. All right. Here's right there with a one ball. This guy. Check it out. Hey, let's go to the top of the ball. Hey, hey, hey, hey. We're so home. As a college. Whoa, silly. Yeah. Yeah. Great. All right. Thanks, Ken. I'll tell you one thing. That Ken Blowsher got a library of stuff. Donnie got all those dog races. He's got sunny Hershey. All kind of rates though. Thank you, sir. See, it's a hell of a no one got a rely on the audience to call in with sunny Hershey Lights. What does that tell you about? Although Bluffland, you did say this morning. You think I'd call over to the other station? I mean, I know we're competitors, but the thing we can get some footage from them. And I said, yeah, butcher up. You know, take some butcher pills for a couple hours and then build up the nerve and call the worse. Can happen as they can say, you know, probably they want to do that. They got nobody listening over there anyway. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. You killed them, Pete. You killed them. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. Good. I put a lift till 85 easy. You know, it was in his jeans. He could live till 90, but they killed them over there at queer channel. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. I did a great job. I'm going to talk to you later about his views on his business that destroy other people. That's squashed him like a net. That's right. Listen to you. Speaking about people who need brain surgery, whether it be people who work or radio stations, or these people on the street, you know, any good doctors or surgeons that know how to do brain surgery? No. My father was an entered in the hospital back in January of 1998, and they were supposed to do procedure on his private artery, for right at the end of our direct knee. Right. Or anyway, he plotted the surgeon came back and first out the technician in the emergency room. He says, what in the hell did you did this gentleman? And, uh, in the meantime, he, uh, was taken in for a second surgery. And he said, oh, you're clot. And then, oh, and then he eventually, he found out about 15 hours later with a right cerebral hemorrhage. Jesus Christ. And he, and so he was do out the very next day. He played glass, uh, 18 holes a day prior. And, uh, so I spent six months in that, a A.A. Chosphalo there called Mercy. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And so my wife and I, we had to, uh, take care of that. Some answers of people that visited. And, uh, do you think that they cared the doctors? No. No. No. So, today, the only closure I got was when I wrote to, uh, in fact, the doctor Michael the B.E. out in, uh, Houston, Texas University, uh, I'm using the method of phosphoryl. So, you see, I got a heart, yeah. Well, I said it was probably, uh, technical error. So, uh, but you don't, you don't know how to say it. Uh, you know, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. So listen, I can even get the rest of my blood test results at my good friend, Dr. Mark Zuckerwitchy Owens, they, which is nine days ago of my, I can't figure's there, right? Oh, boy. Can't even get the rest of those final blood test results, which, you know, I'm sure that there's something really devastating and important on there. That's why I've taken into my own hands. I come on medication way down. My blood sugar was 78 this morning. I'm getting myself back into shape. I can't wait for somebody else to do it. Boy, he was finally cremated, but he was given a big sendoff, which I tried to get. Boy, we shake you American people, but you truly, same people he was given a full 21 gun salute with the X4. 21. Yeah, 21. Yeah, 21. Yeah, 21. And he was a student in Arlington. And so anyway, I'm, where if I ever have to have surgery, I think I'm going to have to go to Montreal. Get one of those, do it yourself, kids, man. I got a shameless. Yes. Put the lotion in the back. Okay, have a great day. Have a great day. Okay, I'll stick it. Now I'm going to pass no to 560 WQM. We got one or two open lines on there at line 80. Is that ever going to work? No. Are they going to come and fix your phone more these days or? No. See, if I was involved, I would have you get excited about, you know, I just, I just don't understand it. If I look to be a thousand other, I understand what kind of people run a place that have that don't care. They just don't care. We've been saying that out loud. We've been muttering under our breath. We've been saying that out loud for 15 months. Now since we came to this place, and I've never, ever worked for anybody before. Maybe they didn't care, but they never really wanted to make it as obvious as they do here. Here they flaunted. When you walk into the studio, there's a big sign in the hallway, it says no matter what is going on, we don't care. Sign Greg Reed, Bluff Lindsey, Bob McKay, Kid Curry, whatever it is, they don't care. So stop bothering us. Okay. The boss is busy buying a new suit and get his hair's cut. Those evictions won't satisfy the bad newsy. Oh! The M.C.K.T.Y. The Barrett Jubs being... They're keys to the vermin on the proud to fight as you win the E. M.C.T. and he wants the Barrett Jubs being... I really like that. I still get to see. M.C.R. and not you being. They don't wear a clothes or a wall with eyes. I'm not even a highman. Who's the barman in your house? You're all in that, okay? And my name is K.T.Y. Hey, that's perfect for us. This is a Mickey Mouse place. And we're proud of it. In fact, George Kent called, I can't use his phone in there, okay? So our friends, the hey, Colligan man, we need water immediately. He's not sooner, okay? We don't want to leave these banks and tie and dry up here all weekend long. Especially since some of our friends here, we're going to be kind of like Joe Costello and Mad Dog, but we can't for people like that. So if the Colligan folks are listening, we need some water, okay? desperately. We don't want a bag. Do we want a bag? Uh-huh. Okay, we're begging. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile online hankling with you from Tampa where they're doing the final four. How about those Spartans? Ha ha! Winner Lewis, everybody say, why do you know Duke is the best team ever? Hey, they got to play the game first. That's the way I look at it. Probably get our ass kicked, but nevertheless, they made it to the final four. Let's hear it for those goddamn Spartans. So, Terny heard about me, you get in these same old tired schools. Let's hear it once and for all 20 years later, after the fact, for Michigan State, right? FNA. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. My name is Glenn Lewis. I used to work with Sunny with the sports channel at the U.S. Sports Ball and baseball game. Right. Both. These can be missed by all the crew members. You were the great guy to work with. Yeah. Roger. And, you know, we got miss him. Yep. And, like I said, how was the U.M. people, but for sports cast, and she was one of the top ones around. Yeah. Great guy. Okay. There's a few of us that, you know, appreciate, you know, not just a guy that's got a little bit of talent, but also was a nice guy. And not an arrogant prick, like somebody that people in this business walk around thinking their stuff, don't stink. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and 1, a brow bead, all the little people. You know, I know people like that. Want to boss everybody around. Browbeat the underlings. You know, open up a big mouth. Boss and everybody around, like, like, like I said, like their stuff, don't stink. They don't impress me. I know what a bunch of phonys that kind of people is. That kind of people am. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. We keep pumping those numbers. Pump it them to crank it in my mouth. We're doing okay. Not great. We're done all right. We'll make it come back. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Yeah. I want to ask your questions. Yeah. I'm a hairdresser, but you're the real, this was 78. Yes. I'll open you a blood cuff. How often do I take my blood sugar? Yeah. I'm today. You have a blue hammer, obviously. What is this? You have a blue hammer. Right. I do my own course. I do my own. Are you diabetic? Absolutely. I've been diabetic for those three years. Oh, and you don't test your own blood? I sure do. Okay. Oh, one other question. Do you take him through? No, I don't know. I don't take anything. No. I don't take anything at all because I'm on the diet and I take nothing. You're back. I'm great. I've been listening to you now. I moved to Florida year and a half ago. And I love you and I like to program. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. There you go. Those are to see that you're healthy. I know a lot of people think it's boring, but if you don't have your health man, it makes note every time much money you got, you have nothing. Don't let them get you down. Don't let them stress you out. Don't let them destroy you. Just like this. Freak an audience here. The last two weeks. Two weeks run in. In fact, two weeks that we've been in this studio. Both weeks. That's how I describe them. Doing great on this end. We're doing spectacular. Other than Georgia's phone bill work. That's a technical thing. And that they don't care about here. But other net work kick in some serious serious but audience dead. Just dried up man. Like all of a sudden somebody pulled a big, big plug. Somebody pulled the animal to the back of their record. And that was it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And I will give a crap. I don't want to hear about. Oh, it's, you know, and what's the big deal? Why do you have a holiday? What somebody gets crucified? You know? What kind of a holiday is that? Sit around and have a big dinner and run around chasing Easter Eggs. On a long, like it's party time because somebody got nail up on a cross. What the hell is that? And as far as just another excuse for us to get drunk. All past the wine, past the man who shiv it. And here's all this flat bread or whatever that moths is. And a lot of what is this. Did anybody call in here today and give us this significance of this latest idiot of holiday that's been celebrated now and anybody do that? No, no. Come on. Let's hear from the Jews out. Oh, that's right. You're all busy buying this stuff. I'm sorry. It's as long as it's at the lens. That's okay. Mobile info, Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, got it. Yes, sir. Real quick two things. You were talking earlier about that. I think it's a fun light commercial with the toilet paper there. The best. Next time you see it, take a look in the background. They only show him a couple of times. There's kind of a big fact guy in the back and he's holding a newspaper. And he's just kind of like leaning up against a rack in there. And then being huge, bold print on the newspaper, it says big dump plans. Really? I know light. I obviously have no light for if I spotted that. But I love it. It is great. They only show him a couple of times. So you got to focus. Nothing's like ball like there. Could there be a big offland? Unbelievable. Maybe it's Mr. Whipple. And the other thing. Nicholas Lissram is God. Okay. Whatever you say, sir. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. This guy's all excited. Everybody's got all those old guys. They signed up. The inspiration is to try to make a 3-0 to try to 3-0. To try to 3-pete. Oh God. Why hit one people say that? Can't stand it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing a step in there? I don't know. We're kind of like what another steam here. I think we're going to have another ball game. First time calling it on time, was that right? All right. Just want to know. I don't really follow any organized team field sports in Miami or any place else that matter to the terminal. Although I do follow one sport. I think when he told this field's fourth in the world, most regulated to. Yeah. Yeah, the fourth thousand years old. I'm listening. It's, um, you know what I call? I'm listening, sure. It's, um, okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in my NELO. Yeah, sure. Oh, crap. Um, thanks. Thanks to the, our top report for a South Island 95. Well, that's more easier for us to keep you out of that mess. I got off. Got off for you. You want to guess what? So I'm a black and white car. Um, amazing. Oh, sure. It's a suitable. Anyway, um, I, um, yeah. Yeah. Well, you want to see it? I'm sure you were wasn't seen in. Have you got the whole last night? No. No. I was at the track last night making a few bucks. And you also were saying that, uh, I was going to talk to him. The same man has been dead for so long. I mean, who gives a crap what he says? Who cares? We're just trying to push our political views on everybody. And they don't mention anything about that. That's what I've been on the cut that they're doing over there. Just forget about him. Okay. Don't worry. Dead man can't run the world. Okay. Just forget about him. All right. So near to God. Just cut the, uh, just cut the switch on the Elton's pace maker and forget about him. I already beer confident is Passover pace near is that Monticello. That's right. This is a thing that they've been doing for about 100 years now. The Passover pace at Monticello Raceway. Are the beer is coming back to drive? It's a special race for Jewish drivers only. Now, let's see who's going to be in the race. Richie Silverman, of course. Jackie Rice. Jackie Moe, Jack Moe Zaev. Allen Schwartz, Allen Hoffman, Arnie Wolow, Robert Eddys, Steve Pinklestein. Evan Katz, Alex Puchel, Mark Leibowitz, Ian Kaufman, Barry Segel, Nikki Golden, Paul Suchow, Byron Lassen, Howard Taylor, Jimmy Shields, Jess Sebulski, and Allen Charles. They're all going to be going boy. April 5th at Monticello. How come we don't have an old Jewish race down here at Pompano Park? I mean, we don't have to have your Leonard, Ben, let up don't hear anymore. So am I good friend John Cashman at the track last night from Castle in the farm? Oh, we're going to see John. 560, 50560, Pomp560 on the mobile one line. You can just feel it. You can smell it. We're coming to a real nasty close to the week. Isn't it bad enough that we have to overcome the depression from sunnyhurst passing away prematurely and honest and serily because they killed them? Isn't that bad enough? These people won't give a crap. They're not going to come to our aid when we need them. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Mobile in Fort Myers. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's make sure sword swallowers get so netless. Uh-huh. And how about lowest fairer cond body guards? Really? Check these guys out. What was there? They were cond, okay. I think it's time for you to check out pal. 560, 50560, any interest? Pomp560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, this is told in the meaners. You don't want us to play baseball and Cuba? We, we, we, we, we. We, we. Okay, great. Told them all you meaners. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. What do you think about it? I really want to. That's for that guy. I'm not talking about that, sir. Yes, go ahead. What do you, what do you think about highly of becoming a county? Meaning what? Uh, Rao Martinez was to, once highly of to become a county. I said what we had to do with highly is surgically removed from the map and floated south. Okay, just floated with Rao Martinez standing alone in the middle of it. How's that kind of? How's that kind of? How's that kind of? That's my, that's my vote. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Well, I got some real good stuff to you up by the way. Great music. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Deal. Mobile in Miramar, yes. Hey, Neil. When you die and come down here and help fire and burn with everybody else. Yeah. No, I am real. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How long do you work on that, sir? How long did you have somebody else in singular in your, rectum? Inspired, that's massive, uh, missive, huh? Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I know, um, just call to say that, um, the lady listeners will miss, right? They're much, and um, thinking about them all day and thank you for your words. Okay. Bye bye. And have a great day. Okay. This audience is out of material. Thanks for letting us know that. Thank you very much for your interest for about two hours and 25 minutes. Today, that's it. Hankled me here at two from Tampa. In a meantime, I'm going to sit back relax. I guess they're wonderful lunch from Chuck. You're a youth, well, I speak to him. Who can't do it for you? Lord knows your boyfriend can't do it even. Come on. And that pile of dead batteries on your dresser shows that you're getting tired of doing it yourself. So you're just about all set to become a nun, right? Yop. Well, before you take that lifelong vibe, check out the all new pill for women via a grit. Huh? While the met are busy popping their potency pills, you can be sitting pretty. With the first pharmaceutical orgasm drug ever. That's amazing. So let him watch the clock. I took it at 6.15. I'll be ready in about 45 minutes. Because in 45 minutes, you'll be asleep. I'm ready. Hey. My address. We got the first step towards the complete elimination event. Oh, hey. For 30. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. I'll be with you. Ladies, have you always wanted large breath? What were afraid of weeks from silicone implants? Well, worry no more. It's reducing new chia brawl. That's right. The things acknowledge even made the popular chia pet. Can now be used to enhance your bloodline. Just spread on the sea. Water your brooks, daily. Him, they'll grow. Grow. Grow. Don't be a panic, daddy. Being this local lizard. With new chia brawl. Call before midnight tonight. 1-800-BIG-8487. That's 1-800-BIG-8487. You figured out chia brawl. It's safe. You're my only child. You're a five-six-so-w-u-a. You take the spoon's your cinnamon. And two-a-three-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a. Have a stick of butter. You'll be able to get it. Stick it all in a bow, baby. Stir it with a breeze, boom. Mix in a cup of flour. You'll be in the ring soon. Say what about it? Have a scene, my balls. They're big and salty and brown. You have any to quit. Pick me up. Just stick my balls in your mouth. Ooh! Cut down my chocolate. It's all that ball. Okay. Stick it on your mouth. Cut down my chocolate. It's all that ball. Stir it with a spoon. Go, go, go, go, go. And good for you. And so, come on, my balls. What a number one swing in chocolate. You have to come for a brand deal. You can throw it around the door, sugar. You can jump and spin it up by now. Reather that cookie sheet. Come on, I hate what my balls get. This way, he's the other one to see if it is. And give that spoon a lay. They're gonna have to clean my ball. They're big and salty and brown. You have any to quit me. Stick my balls in your mouth. Cut down my chocolate. Let's sell that ball. All right. Put them in your mouth and stuff them. Cut down my chocolate. Let's sell that ball. Get back to the good list. Highest five, huh? Let's sell that ball. Hey, wait a minute. Who's that spoon? It's not like so, it's done. Where that's not for fun, Nina. Now that you're not ready to play, don't fry it. Everybody get back into kitchen. Call that guy that's knee-cinsus patient. Oh, man, baby. Baby, you just burn my ball. My ball won't fire. I'm gonna die. Come on, man. Give it to one. Put the one over. Come on, baby. Let's dig this in. I'm gonna die and do something. Ooh, stuck on my jaw. It's on the ball. Put them in your mouth and stuff them. They're all fine, baby. It's on my jaw. It's on the ball. Come out, baby. Look. Start from my mouth. It's on the ball. Baby, you just burn my ball. Let's go, man. Let's go, man. Start from your mouth. Come up, baby. Whoa. Whoa. Come on, man. Come on. Thank you, thank you. Twenty-four-one at five. And tell us who the youngsters at Goldenfield, Rances. Sixty. WQA in. There was no farmer who lives on he rise. He said in the middle just safety. He said that some boys who were down by the prick. There be in the waters. There is on their marbles and play things. And at half past four. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She said on the grass, she pulled up her dress. And she showed them her ripples and leaps. And white fluffy duck. She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children. So they would not spit. Wallaboy's in the barnyard. Where she all was in. Reptucing later from yesterday's hunt. Wallaboy's in the middle was rubbing her eye. That duck there though. Now by the duck. He looked like a man with a hideable home in the country. Will a pig fence out front? If he asked her phone like, Lee, she showed him her nith soap and dog who was subject to piss. And maybe she left him roundhold of her salt and their hands with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and suck got his candy so tasty. She made a butterfly sky and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left Now on her shelf. If they do so, there's you could go to yourself. How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? How far? I'm going to kill myself for this crowd. No, no. You want to call? We got 400 open lines. And a morning show. You have to move in. Show. Many times show. You've got a bunch of deadheads out there. I've got the lady in Phoenix back on. Who's that? You won't get her here. Lady back on? That was my evil twin that called you. Yeah. Like we story. If I now want you to spread the words since you're outside of the state of Florida spread the word of the free world That Florida has officially died the last two weeks. This town is died From what you have no idea go ask me Just died anyway. Let's talk about sports. No This typically hockey no Why because nobody here cares about hockey? Why not? You're asking them. I don't know. I have no idea. I've been working here a hundred years I don't know what they care about hockey is that one of them Well, I'll have a pass. We got a ten million dollar. I don't care about basketball We got a ten million dollar hockey player. He says I'll come back when we're ready We're on a verge of being eliminated from the playoffs. It's not ready yet I'll let you know when I'm ready to come back I'm about I'm a bob bond scores the winning goal for least in a playoff against Detroit playing on a broken ankle This guy's got a you know a a sore on his knee and he'll be back when he's good ready You know what can you do to bring Stu Barnes back? We don't need Stu Barnes. We got Ray Wittney. Have a nice day sweetheart Oh my god. Oh god See she called the other day was it was funny was amusing, okay? That big fat cow called from Phoenix, but don't push it She likely obviously she's got a little problem there. She wants to you know and then he go She wants a life we can't make it for we can't invent it anymore. We can invent life for the people right here in town Who don't have one which is most of them? Last chance, okay. I got some great stuff. I mean you thought that rambler man Which I love that by the way. Just see those two priests sitting there in the bar Found each other under the table 560560 Count five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in South America What was that? No, don't don't even waste your time, okay? Don't even waste the effort Here's a mobile in sunrise hello Yes, sir. I had my listen to it the first team lately. I understand they're going to be it. Yes Can you tell me something about the program that's going on? We've been Monday morning six o'clock. So that's all I can tell you. You'll really enjoy it Here's a mobile in Weston, hello I mean, yes, sir last call of the thing I hope not you're in You're in I'm a I'm a baby at being cancer had a great doctor and his name is Dr. Stone and works out of uh Brow County hospital and uh Sentencing other listening to you The enlazers have the Haitians picketing outside the steering station Uh, and I was getting the radio waves though listening to another You want uh Amstation and then they said something about stand majors. I caught him one off the air and that's when I caught you Yeah So uh Come a panther fan of the season ticket Uh, then the all the places Oh, yeah, we got a lot of panther fans pal. We got a ten million dollar guy who's not gonna play when we Distantly in the saliva chance of the playoffs and nobody in this town is got anything to say about it I'm the only one that's gotten opinion that's what this town's all about what's a deadhead sir Does she want their night and I'll be talking to each other and holding their babies up in front of my face and waving across the arena to each other It's uh, it's pathetic it's all make believe What's this? I kind of I think that it's only made believe It's been good for me because I've up the level of the season because I've been living in the last 10 games Yeah, and so I get down there for the place of the upper bowl So it's a good for me. Well good for you. I'm happy for sure. Have a great day I mean if that came to the night was good for any of us than heaven help us five six seven any interest today last chance Last opportunity to prove that I'm wrong. Okay to prove there's some life that we got a few people out there That somebody's got something to say about anything about Passover about pineville beret about any god damn thing in the world Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line We're pushing we're pressing we're squeezing we're reaching we're feeling we're grabbing I'll be coming up with anything. No, no, we're probing Man, oh man get the flashlight Chuck. Let's have a search party Let's open up the door and go up and down 441 to see if we find anybody alive Wasn't some kind of a venenabote drifter five six seven. Oh, I'm gonna wait I'm gonna wait till we got a whole bunch of money. I'm I'm yet to be convinced What I've seen go when I said and every day it's worse that's the best part each day at deteriorate Yesterday we almost had Hank to ensuicide Five three and not bad nothing's got to follow a marlin exhibition. And that's not bad enough They just leave him hangin out there to dry the sardians just like they're doing it Me today and yesterday and then 84 that and the last week and a half last two reasons we came into this room That's what their pissed off about this room don't ask me why can they see the room? Huh, no, but they're pissed about it five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. I'm just gonna sit back in the chair and wait 72 years I've been doing this business in this town. I've never ever if they we've had our moments you already know that But never ever encountered a time like this not for a day not for an hour not for a couple of days For two solid weeks getting worse and worse and worse that nobody's got anything to say because they're too busy out there find their goddamn moths So whatever they're doing Getting their Easter eggs ready to stick in somebody's spectrum whatever they do with them Mass that's down 33 cents The dow is down 13 point 87 everything just down sunny her eyes word down about that Audiences down in the depths of that we have no idea why but they're down There's two a saddle we're not really sure why maybe because they're here maybe that's what it is Maybe because of that ball game on Sunday Anybody mention the ball game don't do it not interested waste your breath on somebody else that cares about that much you do about nothing You're gonna a bunch of an animal people dictate what your life is gonna be all about then whoa, it's whoa to you. That's all I can tell you Here's what manners hello Hello, Neil, yes, sir. How you doing today great? You know you got a calm down a little bit you're pretty upset today No, I'm not I'm not upset at all. I just would like to talk to somebody that's a lot of people say this when I when I start having to go through this song I'm about getting people to call or the lot of us is no a lot about hockey You think we don't what we do. So what am I gonna hear it? You're right right now, okay? I like to say go savers Hopefully what what does that mean ghost savers does that mean you know something about hockey? Ghost savers is that is that a hockey discussion? Yeah, it is yeah, I think they're gonna call offric generator. Okay. Get out of here. He'll hang up on it He'll snap the foam of this as spenders out of your hands. So, fact you won't be able to say Buffalo wing get out of here How do you like this? That was perfect. That's just what I'm talking about Oh, there's a lot of a signal first of all. He's rooting for an out of time team just like I do for at least that's okay But he's got nothing to say about ghost savers is not a hockey discussion sir It's not a comment. It's not the it's not provocative. It's not interesting It's just stupid like they got a call that says go red wings Hi, I got one for you go leave school. How do you like that? Oh, yeah if we ever win another game which I doubt There's a conversation list for you. I want to lay some hockey stuff on you go savers Yeah, but one of they kicked his ass out of cheek to waga huh? They wouldn't let this loser back in Hamburg, New York even With a chickens in the cows running around there at Buffalo Raceway. They wouldn't let this guy back I got news for you. They wouldn't put your ass on the fan forum. That's why you're calling this show. Okay. They wouldn't put you on here Absolutely unbelievable in nature of the people in this town and by the way Bump, oh, blows and soda the bill. How do you like that? And I scroll by Matthew Barnaby for a Pittsburgh last night sir I don't think he's planned for you guys anymore Beautiful girl and I've gone there Matt Matt the rat Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello You yes sir. Yeah, I don't want to kick it. I don't want anything. Yeah, and I don't want to talk about sports I just want to say everybody in Miami state. Okay. Thanks for the bullet and sir The day Miami died. That's what we need. Booker Brian do it in the American pie Take off huh? Bye bye to whatever you know the day Miami died because it died this town died official It's official just like when you're waiting after the race. Okay. It's official the rig right light went up on the tote board Miami is dead Right I thought it was us. I was starting to take it personal Hank was starting to take it personal The worst team they should take it personal now they're gonna learn finish anyway 1256 at 560 WM and when you sit and listen to this the one after another and I got something to talk about you think we don't know nothing Yeah, okay. Well tell me something. Oh go savers You know something I am so goddamn impressed sir. I can't if if I had the vocabulary I'd be able to describe you I just don't have the kind of vocabulary to totally and fully and thoroughly express the astonishment and the measurement that I feel with your perspicacity and the ability to really verbalize and vocalize your stupidity Go savers. Oh Anybody ever been to Buffalo by the way Seeing the kind of people there are in Buffalo and they do have that good show on fan TV on Empire. We'll say that they get a lot better sports calls in the station does But they're all from out of town. I guess they're from like Le Roy and the Tavia Oni and a Camindeguah Janiva, Pinyan Blins falls honey Roy falls Right you're on the court It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon Oh Never need a no You make all you never saw because they're each other's paw and they're forget their paw Russian their guns Cause they ain't got no sea Most days are mountain there mama because they can't get to see There is a way They don't know how That's just a little more fun than going tipping some cows Just do me great boys Wouldn't change if they could Struing with Darwin because they're can't focus them with Okay, it's 102 at 5.50 WQM our poll question today is who's the bigger asshole? Pete Poldier or Pete Poldier? That's our poll question Huh? One of it's it's the one from Colomay and one from Colomay it's a multiple choice with only one choice Who's the biggest asshole of them all in fact? Uh, that's a good thing. I forgot that God that would have been perfect today. Here we go New world big and fast Earth It's a brand new story about the brand new world big and fast Earth His name is he Poldier and he's a new world big and fast Oh Three minutes after one at five sixty WQM the Hank Goldberg show from Tampa side of the final four baby Hank will be on to the sixth and we got to briefly we got Donnie beyond from six to seven. Are you ready for that? No, Donnie be Well, are you ready or not he'll be on and then we be at the macaroon? I don't know if I'm going to that game or not anybody wants those tickets John's not going He's given up he just can't stand it anymore. I'm I don't know. I'll probably go No, see one thing you're laughing. I won't eat all I have is a diet soda that's all I have That's like three hours or four hours because I get there really four hours of not eating because I'm not going to eat any wings over price crap anyway So that's good because I've been on such great behavior virtually all week except for the guy that sent me the Smarties when I airplane tickets and don't ever do that again, please Why did why do people do that? Look at Sunny he's dead Probably one meal too many you know somebody in his sorrow while there was this screw in his life over somebody fed him one meal too many that was it That's what I put on my tombstone one box of Smarties too many put them over the edge one Ben and Jerry's you know one fish food pint over the edge Stop doing it fat is it's a killer it's ugly it's gross and it makes you sick and it makes you die. How do you like that? So I'm gonna say it right now anybody who sends me fatening stuff is an asshole not as big as people's here, but you're in the running you're bubbling under okay Cut it out Here's a mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Oh, do I have you finally you have me? Okay, deal What do you mean what does that mean finally what is that? By the waiting for a while yeah, I just I understand you're one of the smart guys Well, I'm gonna quare that Two two yeah, I own two also I have two 99 So I want to invite you to quare that platinum show at William's Island on May 2nd No, okay 200 quare that no, okay So I just want to tell you about that okay things Okay, okay, no Open line in date 560 505 60 and some where I don't know where these lines are coming I wouldn't even know if they're coming at all. I don't know if they're coming at all. Are they coming into fixture or just phone in there? No See you guys around here you could walk around and laugh and tinder and take this is all great material And you guys are very funny and this is just stick and it's a you guys are an embarrassment bluff Lindsey Greg rage You know you can only hear from Greg read nothing about the business not this business. We are about the outside business But nothing about doing business in this place the worst guy have ever worked for is far as being able to talk about what's going on here He's got something to say about everybody else every other station every other a sports franchise You name it, but when it comes to dealing with what's going on here. Can he do it? No, because he doesn't know about it. You don't get it Got a guy sitting in the other room. We got business to take care of here, okay? A phone he can't have no contact with the outside world I say I say Monday if they don't get the phone picks we're going back down on the second floor even without the board without a microphone I'll just stay down in the second floor tenta too. That's all and I'll talk loud. We'll open up the window Give us much of responses we're getting lately up here Mobile in Fort Myers. Hello I know how you doing okay, sir. Maybe for a slow day I have a couple of pieces of material worth a minute What is just an observation and that is it seems to me that the absolute worst callers that you get are When somebody calls they don't really have something that they care to talk about yeah, but they think They have found something that you will agree with and they think they have found the way they get you this circles right and they're You'll approve you'll alike if I call them say this. So I guess I'm saying it I call my hated It's the worst and it's boring I want them to call say oh, what did you agree don't you think? No, I don't agree Right, I don't know perfect example and so that's why they call them they're guys all the most people call talk shows The suck around and for some of you to validate them in their stupid opinions. That's why most people call talk shows That's why I have to work so hard and I've been doing it for 23 years Was sifting through 8 billion calls to get to somebody who's got something to say whether it's interesting I'm using hysterical anything that's something original to say Other than just don't you think I'm okay pat me on head So that's why you're calling give us all a break and just let me know play us a bit or something like play It's a lot of music right there you go. Yes, I think I wanted to Bring up is I've heard you talk a lot about your philosophy of do no harm. Yes, and I she Have flown there and I and I wonder what your response is and that is it doesn't obligate anyone to act And a positive way it simply says don't act in a negative way right so for example I don't remember the year but years ago this girl The grinning was kitty gen of vc was murdered in New York and Something like 120 people listen to her scream for 30 minutes Lost with being repeatedly stats and no one even picked up the phone to call the cops I think there's a moral obligation to to act In a situation There's no moral obligation to do anything I mean if people want to do so like I said do no harm and if you want to do some good at the same time That's fine don't do any harm. No, there's not Well, you don't feel like if you saw someone being murdered Yeah, you know you're not gonna put yourself at risk right? I just have a lot of right Just gonna pick up the telephone. Yeah, you don't feel like you have a little bit of a How to have you what has been happening with religion? What is that happening with philosophy? I didn't say it's a religious question for me DNA is what we're doing is has to do with religion has to do with a philosophy of life Not with these hypothetical things and probably I'm never gonna happen our lifetime All right, well, I wouldn't it to you that that my belief that you have a man What kind of a soldier comes in here right now? I'm probably never gonna see anybody murdered Okay, that's probably true right I will admit to you that my Belief that you do have a moral imperative to act does come from a religious tradition But I'm not posing a religiously. I'm not saying that God commands us I said if you want something good, that's fine, but if you don't So it's so be it, you know All right, well My man, you know, you know, you were talking about the other colors. I'm telling you the way I feel I mean if you mommy just say something you'll agree with I'll say it, but I don't believe it, you know Not at all no I believe I'm calling you here what you believe I believe I'm surprised But I'm I'll accept that is your opinion. Okay, all right see have a good day Open line in the summer five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on a mobile one line I mean if we have to choose between that or all the other stuff that people are doing and Flipping on each other in the name of their religions. I think mine be some all by a million miles I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so See all stuff play all this Oh no there's a video just for adults Cherry springers since I've got to get these guys on my show see how one big fat captain wearing a ugly blue suit gets down the pants of this agreeing Jean and Weak will you see what he does with dancing there grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of mr. Booze and watch bunny rabbit Getting self a little cotton tail and when the balls fall on these guys faces they love it Captain Kangus crew now on video through the home. Oh, shall we network captain Kangus crew Now under the yeah Okay, 14 at five sixty wq a m we got Panthers hockey tonight panthers and Nashville the predators pretty damn good expansion team Anybody interested? No, okay anybody pissed off popl-marian plan It is gonna come back whatever he seems to feel like it. Oh, you know we did it on there don't care that's good She want thing that's good for the TN and BM and audio other guys all the guys on the team robbing audio other slackers They don't care so that's the company. No, they don't give a crap Unlike sometimes you'd like Montreal filly where they boo the crap out of either more civil spirit We don't care we just out there to smooths anyway if you win the game hey, we'll cheer Here's a mobile in bokeh hello Neil yes, sir. I got you a public place I've been listening for years and have I called yes? I vote but can make it up to you. Okay? Yesterday when you played the maran song at the end of your show. Yeah, I was a frontant on Universal Turned it up Really loud. Yeah, for you man, uh-huh That's good. Okay. Well, my tries sir keep trying five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line So let me ask you what do you think about the intellectual level here in town? Yeah What do you think about the social these straddles? I'm gonna tell you if you took golf out of this area. Yeah, I'm sure this forget about tennis Forget about school bediving forget about the pud pulling if if you took golf out of this Repetored on here. They would be a golf off. I'll be gone You follow what I'm saying in other words that's the that's the epitome that's the level to which most of these people strive The golf course that's it golf courses name dropping that's that's about it Here's a lady in my in yellow Yes, good day Neil. Yes, man today Um, I'm calling Miami it's a pits but you haven't seen anything yet. I don't know if you're familiar with the Minimal facility Douglas Gardens on Lincoln Road It's nervous is a quite a few as a homeless. It's a large facility Well, they they've got back on the resources and the homeless have to pay for the medication So that means we're gonna have a lot of insane Julio's and otherwise out on the streets So don't we already have that yeah, but it's gonna be double your fun Yeah, can you imagine but I'm so glad that you're Team the white and taking care of your health and we'll have you. I enjoy your showing have a good day. Good day. Yeah What do you mean? Look right at you was talking about metal health, okay? She was talking about metal health. I think it kind of fit writing with her call. How dare you? Here's a lake worth. Hello. Hey, yes, sir. Are you sir pretty good. Sorry to hear about sunny Yeah, he was like one of the few regular real nice guys regular guy that's right. He was he wasn't one of these pretentious Boni backstabbing assholes who predominate the business in this town and it's market especially in that the one that do games You know broadcast games right? Hey, I wanted to put you in the hands of one brought up say a restroom thing women's restroom to get to help you out there Right, okay. I worked for when I went back to school a couple years ago I worked for a cleaning company at night and I within many different women's bathrooms and offices and things and For as graffiti it's kind of like Depends on what the place is you're certainly not gonna find graffiti and like a nice restaurant or hotel or country club Something like that, but if you go to like just a regular bar or something there's plenty of graffiti in there nasty dirty stuff really But the real thing right you know thing is women are pigs if anybody you know we all pretend like the males were pigs were dirty Yeah, I can't tell you what they don't get the bowl with and just let down on the floor and don't care and oh man Unbelievable great. It's really nice. It's neat feel better. I tell you it's really nice. You feel almost like a real man and That my last thing just if You know you know you the only thing on the radio we're listening to and have you to a We're called desperate now and Rick and says aren't there anymore in the afternoon Well, let me ask you if I'm the only thing on the radio work listening to where's the audience gone Sir in the last two weeks has been moved in these marginal studios up here. It's too warm by the way I know I know third floor where's everybody gone sir? I said it's not radio station. It's like somebody sucked this station into a vacuum tube and we're out there looking I mean I feel like this shrinking invisible man is when I feel like I don't have a lad you got working today But I was present read out for 20 minutes and just get the busy signal. Oh this thing Who knows I have no idea Listen if you think that Rick Riley talking about stocks is stimulating radio no I don't We'll eat try four hours or three hours of Randy Rhodes is given a political commentary Oh, man. No pencil. Okay, see you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line No waiting you'll get right in immediately with nuts and we'll put you on hold for a while because then yeah We don't want you to feel like you know like Mr. Bigshot Seriously, I have been counted all of it. That's why it never is boring. It's never dull It's frustrating, but it's never dull because no matter what you think you've experienced before You come in here. You sit your fat ass in the chair and no matter what you feel is going on Surprise like having a surprise party every day your life Guess what and like I said this year it's gonna be Paisal and Easter and then there'll be the fourth of July and then before we know where it'll be labor day and of course in between the long hot summer Kids are out of school everybody's not vacation. I think from like April first until Labor day that would be a nice week for vacation for me, you know April first no fool and right to Labor day that's April may June July August little bit of first weekend September That's only a little over four months That sounds like a great time for me to go on vacation Huh, not the seven months I was off before I mean, why should I be bothering these people with bugging and expecting them to talk to me, huh? It's it's impenetitant. It's insulin is outrageous. It's unacceptable entertain us come on we might you to entertain us little dance like those bitches that came to borders that day those two slots from the choice Couldn't get late in a pickle packs those two broads God oh you enjoyed yourself boring. Oh, yeah, we expected something a little bit more Yeah, how about our foot up your up your back dome, huh? Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello Mobile. Oh, okay. Yes, sir. Hello. Hey I was I'm calling a mega request Is that all right? Maybe yeah, oh, can you play? Bernie takes it don't no 5605050 and 560 on a mobile one line It's interesting when we're doing the thing about bad cocky patients it was like doing bioreads We never had to give the number out see when you do something that's like a pole or like you know We're gonna requires like a one-word answer no problem because otherwise you're testing their material Which they don't have a lot But something like that limitless we could have done that for a hundred days. So what else you got? Here's a mobile in for a lot of bill hello Mobile in for a lot of nail Okay, here's for a lot of nail on a not so mobile. Hello. Yes, sir. You got me. I got you. Well, I tell you one could somebody to talk to you that the real deal You just want to tell you what impress me about you Yeah, what impress me is when you mentioned that hydrochloricides about a doctor that suggested that you take it every day like 50 milligrams Yes, and the same thing happened to me and I would have wound up in a dialysis machine That's right. I had a listen to this that's right now. I want to tell you something else You you impress me about a number of things I'm glad what I want to call you I also don't impress anybody else I mean, I mean, I mean, I know what I needed from you most of all Yes, of course. I called I never got a call back. Was I needed a nose and throat guy? Because my voice is very important. Well, what do you mean you've never got a call back? I called you and I needed I called you after the show and I left my name which will not be mentioned. I'm gonna mention my name Well, and like I'm gonna recommend doctors here Well, I thought maybe you knew a nose and throat guy. No, I don't you don't you have no problem with your throat No, you're on the effort for hours just talking away my way goes in an hour and a half Let me sit again. I have no problem with my throat none you have no problem. Let me see one more time for the West Coast I have no problem. I can't go up for more than an hour Well, any better. Yeah, let me let you off the phone man. I don't want to put stress it out 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow Mobile and pepper pie and chill out. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't like guys Promise. Yeah, you like doing so much suck and that's why it's broken You think too much but I got I got an interesting third news for you last about last night Last night. I know you don't like soccer. I don't like that But I was at the macarena. Do I soccer game last night? There was a soccer game in the mac It's the indoor soccer league you probably only yeah, well, anyway You're not gonna believe there was a local sportscaster from Channel 10 news that made an appearance in goal And a professional game last night And yes, I knew that might be from Channel 10. He did what he played goalkeeper last night in indoor soccer team Don't know no time. I'm gonna your Frank sport. Yeah, what a joke. He got he only made a 50% phase I'm like, you know, why don't we just put a hand goal for the Panthers tonight? How about boochabi? Well, you know How about pepper bot time you put off through him go to hand in okay. Thank you 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 I so fally vets on a mobile one line Here's uh color red chill Color red. Oh, boy. That was loud. Yeah, hey Neil. Here's a cover red No, it allowed deep before you got me. Well, I see I need to wake you up. There you go Not a lot of people need to be awakened. I was going through an old briefcase here and I found there's one hell of a long list and it's dated 1988 It starts out with a bunch of names that you may or may not remember from wind Bill buyer Peter Bulger, yeah, they could predo Uh-huh all these people and you're on there and everybody's on there All the way down to Ron Harris and then Glenn Hill and all their Titles from Debbie, I N.C. Yeah, and there's another sheet over here. And what a bonnet. Well, I just thought of another sheet of what what is the sheet of hot Sounds like a policy to me. This says your home phone number back in 88. You remember it Oh, and if I did am I gonna put it on the air where we talking about oh, it just thought it was interesting I'm going through some old records here and record of what Debbie I N.C. I was on there for a while I remember walking down to the very front of the place you know past the H.R.M And looking through your little door and watching you in the bird and I never had the guts to go in there and say thank god That's good. Thank god. That's a reason we survived There you go. Anyway, I had enjoyable years there at wind and over W.I.O.D. and I had a ball of some of the people that were you know Is it somebody that we know you probably never heard of me used to joke about oh, what are you call the garden guy You're the guy that did the gardening show yeah, I O.D. I N.C. I O.D. I was I O.D. I was I O.D. For about five years I N.C. for three years on a weekend. Yeah, and I had a ball and I really enjoyed most of the people over there Now some of the people that you hate We're okay with me, but of course now I was not radio You know, I was next birthday came in a bit plants and that was my bag and I didn't know the soldier by radio And in fact the general manager or the program director of W.I.O.D I thought he was intriguing. He used to call in the shark. He walked him down the hall and has been striped to what's his name Mike Remember him we had a program director named Mike or W.I.O.D. when you're a wind And anyway when he left W.I.O.D. Okay, thanks You One 26 at five 60 WQM like I said like that music baby Neil and his music a man in his music you format starts Monday here at five 60 QA and what there is one I'm serious I am I mean what would you rather hurt some of my great music here or these this bunch of calls the last 40 minutes huh? It's not even a contest is it no no I'm sorry Four kids hanging up together and it's robes in the ramps TV don't get better Let them the chef just like this ladies and night she's he puts the bow And this cup These eggs And then they eat it. We eat no. What? Thank you, Freddy. You're back again. Okay. You want to know what I think is right. Thank you. It's been a sample in her again. It's been a hit in the neck, right? He's been doing so much to it. Well, 32 or five, 60, WQ, I mean, I know what I'm going to do this weekend. I mean, you know, you don't make any exciting plans in this town, but I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to like a lot to do, I'm going to stay on the inside. I'm going to go off in a corner, you know, far away from the pewter. And yeah, I'm just going to like kind of like put my arms around my shoulders and sit in the corner and kind of play it in my life because after Sonny died and I'm actually this this morning, you know, guys only 65 years old can happen at any time. And I'm envisioning another three and a half years of this, like this these last two weeks. No way. Because any day you can croak, you know, especially when you're fat. All the years is abuse. You know, all the years of choking on fat, eating all the wrong stuff. Your organs are choking on each other, you know, any day could be like the last breath. And I'm sitting here making a good book, but nevertheless coming in, this is somebody's idea talking to guys like that last jackass that last radio fossil there who claims to have been the gardening man, like a talking double talk and he's got a staff list of old phone numbers from 11 years ago, do I want to hear the number? I'd rather hear ghost sabers. And that's the worst thing. I thought that was the worst thing I ever heard in my life. And just like I said the other day, please don't give me this balloony about, oh, gee, we're all upset about the ball games, you know, take it up party or show why? What is it that's going on here these last two weeks? I'm embarrassed to be associated not just with this radio station with this program the last week with this audience the last two weeks. I'm not going to miss any meals. I don't have millions and millions dashed away, but I got enough I could live comfortably, pay off my bills, sell my house, make a nice peanut could change on that, have the dog, let my mother take care of my dogs, give them the gas. You know, I'm talking about. And I just kind of wander off and never be seen again. Good idea you're here. Because this is, this isn't a job. This isn't even an exercise. This is self-neutallation is what it is. The last 45 or 50 minutes, whatever when we started taking calls again, which was a bad mistake, the music was great. And to say it's one of the all-time worst is coming a lot of territory a lot of years. One of the worst collections of people with nothing to say about anything I've ever heard in my life starting with a guy who said, go Sabers. The thought he was a hockey expert. Who didn't have a question, didn't have a comment, didn't have an observation, didn't have anything. That was Sabers. That was a phone call. That was a comment. That was a piece of verbal interchange in the softwater area. In a place that is so dead, so devoid of any living and breathing qualities. And like I said, the other day, and I take none of it back only on multiple times of million dead people, drifters, banana boat people, drug addicts. There you go. And some interchange, some crossover and all the categories. That's it. You take those groups out of this area. You've got like 20 of us left. Dear field B, Chela. No, Neil, we are love you too. And I know that gardening guy. I think I got some good seeds from him one time. Uh-huh. Yeah, I think one actually will be grown out. He came up to be, okay, let's go to a bell grade, hello. Yes, sir. Neil. I was, uh, I've noticed that my listening to you that you've seen that some type of version to God. I have a version. And I have a version like the version, Mary. Yeah, I was wondering if maybe like you've been raped by a priest or something of a kid. No, I have not. I haven't been raped by anybody. Have you? No, I just have a brain and I used it and I don't believe in fairy tales. Do you see people like you make me sick because you think that you say? Yeah, that's you think that's like fairy tale about God. I don't know. It is fairy tales. It's ridiculous. It makes no sense. Oh, you guys are close minded. You think that's true? Oh, you know, you, you guys, like there's a group. Anybody who doesn't believe what you do? Yeah, this group. Yeah, that's right. Uh-huh. If I could consider that to yourself. And in other words, oh, it's a conspiracy. Yeah. Maybe, or maybe a comic pinkal conspiracy. Now, I just want to get on and you own little mine. Yeah, you know, you've got the little mine pal because if you believe that bull, crap, you need serious subunit assets and I mean, you just asked. Okay, but these are asked might change you attitude. No, I'm sorry. Yeah, I doubt it, right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, you, you people. Your people, the godless people. The people that refused to be morons and believe in the ramblings of idiots of lunatics that lived thousands of years ago that every time somebody farted and was the wrong flavor was an act of God and God was pissed off. First of all, if there was a God would people fart? No, of course not. And if they didn't have to fart what it smelled like that, no, so right there, that's the end of the argument. It doesn't have to go into a big song. And then just think about that. Okay, next time you're an acrata elevator and somebody I hope it's not you that does it because it's embarrassing. Next time you're an acrata elevator in the middle of July, let's, you know, 100 degrees in the shade and somebody cuts one real bad. Or you're in line at the supermarket and somebody in front of you cuts one. Just ask yourself, if there were a God would there be something like that? The answer clearly is, oh, next time you drop a load in the bowl, okay? When you're sitting there and you're squeezing and you're like you're going through all of the gestations and gyracions that are sometimes necessary to eliminate. And you look, you take a peek down in there, what you've left and you smell at a Roma. Ask yourself, would God create such a system for elimination or would it just be nature since nature recorces like indifferent? Nature, you know, like crap happens, okay? Even I kind of crap. That's right. God, you know, you press a button and like a little envelope comes in. That's it, you like to drop it in the box like the old human women and maybe later you come back and look at it again. Not that. And then I forget about diarrhea and constipation. And don't give me this stuff about human man made because even animals out there in the wilderness stay all over the place and it don't smell so good. I'm told. God, I'm not the piece of the threat. Syndrome player present Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet. What light, three-on window blank? It is the eat and Juliet is the slot you play. It's a real play. Presenting a Romeo and Juliet on tonight. The end. I'm glad. One, thirty-three-five, sixty-two. I don't forget, Joe Costello, that big racing show tomorrow morning, six to seven o'clock on a Saturday morning. But what about you get flooded with call on that show? You take calls on the show? Flutter with calls. He said I get more calls on the phone calls in that hour. What? More of me, God. More of me, God all day. He's got to head seven calls last week, I'm Saturday. Six to seven in the morning, two before most sane people are up. Maybe we ought to start talking auto-reasing, huh? Here's a Fort Latterdale, huh? That's a perfection we looked off with. What a good idea. What is that? What is that? What is that? That's the second time I'm on one that I get that. What? Just testing something. Is that program director? Is that, is that come back? Still here? Because I'm going to tell you something. There is something going on. I've been doing this too long. You know, I've been saying this for a long time. And the last two weeks since we moved up here especially, it's the whole phone system. And we got people playing grass with these on earphones all over the building. That's the second time on that one. We're being put out of business here and in the meantime, the program director's worried about, is it, Canton going to be at the Princess Casino is a schedule right in the today out of schedule. That's the kind of thing they're worried about. And Greg Reid's running around, look, I got a haircut and I'm spreading monowall over the building. This is their idea of running a radio station and doing business. Is there somebody on that line or are you just testing it? Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Okay, just happen again. Wow. Is that on your hand? I don't think it might be. They call me Greg. See what happens. I don't think so. That's the second or third time it's having it on it line today. I don't want to say that we got somebody playing fast and lose with our livelihood here. But you know, I think the only way I'm going to solve this is just tell them, look, when you decide you want to get around to these things get these phones system to stick up, both on and off the ear, they're not coming here, maybe try to do a show. Maybe that's what I got to do. Because these people don't understand English. And we're not even in, you know, we're in North-Aid County, we're almost in the Broward line. We're not done here in Domino Park. Here's a mobile and West Palm. Hello? Nail. Yes sir. Yeah, the phones are screwed up. How do you know that? Well, it was clicking off and I wasn't going through a bad del at the time I called. It was clicking off? Yeah, it was just clicking off. Yeah. And for a couple of miles. Anyway, what I want to ask you was, do you remember, go back, you were talking about wrestlers before? Do you remember John DuPont? No. No. You had that farm. I remember Donald DuPont. No, this was John DuPont. Can drive his finger up his back, though. You had a wrestling camp called Box Hill? No, no. You shot one of his pro-digy years back? No. Oh, okay. Well, he was really liking the loafers. And you're talking about the famous duPont. Right. Oh, yeah. I'm going to start it out by talking about professional wrestling. Like it was a wrestling you were talking about. No, he had a wrestling. Yeah, right. Right. Right. And like, you did that a bedbud, right? Yeah. They were, he was trying to beat the case. He came in all. He was beaten at the end. Yeah. He shavled in the checker. Right. No, no, shaving. I think. Well, what about him? Anyway, no, just saying. Okay, thanks. Okay, five, six, seven, five, six, six, and pound five, six, six, the animal bull and line. Remember him? No. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. It is a hockey enthusiast that one is what's wrong with Pavel Boyd. But you're not right now when we need him. I don't get it. Guys get slept at a mouth with a skate, ten minutes later, the back on the ice. That's right. Guys get happy they're teaching knocked out. And they go and get a few stitches and they come back and that's period they're out there and finish the game. Exactly. And how to approach him, we got some little underling like a rookie Mark Perish. He, you know, oversleafed some of this. Where he goes to the wrong arena for practice. We should him out even though he's like one of our leading scores and we can't afford to do that. But this guy, it were paying $10 million. It's like, well, you know, when he's good and ready, we don't want to push him too much, you know, because God forbid, he, to get a hang nail. Exactly. I mean, it's going to be too late. Not to play in these games now. When the whole season is on the line, then, you know, what tells it all about? Exactly. Go out there just to make a stand like that. And you don't have to be underplaying right now. Nobody's a bigger fan of who's that me, but he's played a total of 11 games here so far. A total of 11 freaking games here. Exactly. And I don't want him 100% if you're not 100%. You know, with the last game and doubt, get him out to know at 80% for God's sake. I got news to you. A pop-el-Bury at 50%, is better than most of the guys. We got it 100%. Exactly. Not to mention, Bob, you need him. I'm okay. God bless you, sir. There's somebody who cares. What's the report? What's the story there? Huh? What's the story with the phone line? There was nobody. No one on it. So what was that? We don't know. So maybe it's a Southern Bell job like I've been talking all along. They're touching around with our lines again, which they don't roll over and line it doesn't work and we don't know where they're coming in. I'm talking, we had like a before we came in here. So cool. It's an incident that it started two weeks ago. I'm not hallucinating. Okay. Before we came in here, they added the API and they went and they read the whole thing out there. And somewhere along the line, they've screwed this up. If it was just between 10 and 2, I'd say, well, we're going through one of the old service breakdowns. You know what I want to talk to. I hear it even a hike. Like I said the other day, when Hank's phone's out ringing off, I hope you know there's something wrong. But please don't tell that to our people here at management because we have a bunch of pushes here running his place. Who will do absolutely nothing for you? And I feel like a real bad fever in the sickness coming on for a few days next week. I can feel it right now. Because when this is the coming, the fact that that's phone here is if anybody out there who was interested in doing business, who come in here and see the kind of instrument that George is trying to work with there in the phone too, you need their laugh or cry or both his phone rings. I'm talking about the business thing. We're trying to talk to people doing business that associated with this show in this radio station. Hello, click. That's it. That's as far as the conversation goes. And like I said, I wouldn't take no for an answer. We'll for a moment. You know, like I said, the other day, our chief engineer, our program. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Here in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. You couldn't get anything done if somebody stuck an oozy up your ass. Okay, that's the kind of management we've gotten this place. This isn't something that's going to wait. Remember what Michael said in Godfather 1, it can't wait. Remember that when he had his jaw swollen up there, it can't wait. Here's a mobile in Hailey, hello. Hello to the console. Small fry. Small fry in the large soda. Hey, Neil, sorry about that. That was sugar. Holy, as a car. Yeah, um, like I kind of stole my son or I wanted to see if I got this right with Patville. Yeah. The doctor's a part of the play. Yeah. The doctor's a part of the play is his decision now that he doesn't want to. That's right, it's not the coaches decision. It's not the general managers decision. It's not the adult catcher decision. It's his decision. He's going to let us know what he's good and ready. And he says it ain't ready. And it's the knee also. This is when we need him to know. Yeah, he says can't you see it's swollen in my knee too. That's what he said. Oh, all right. I just let you know, I call the while ago when you were complaining that you had no call and the lines were busy. I don't know if you if they were tied up if it was a bell-style thing or not. There I have no idea what's going on here. All I know is that we desperately somebody in this radio station to intercede and take the bull by the horns and they absolutely refuse to get involved in this. And if the program directors in the building when I got off the yard to a clock, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to whatever kind of a desk he's got now. I'm just going to turn it right over in a floor because I'm nauseated by him. I'm revolted by him. A man who does absolutely nothing tangible that we can discover. Nothing. Zero. And that also goes for the chief and the head of the report. All right, Neil. I'll see you at the game. God bless you. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'm going to sit there all by myself. I'm not even going to give my other seat away. I'm just going to sit there by myself. Don't even bother me. I'm just going to sit there. We're on a phone and I're just talking on my thumb. That's right. I mean, we know that they don't care, but there are just some things. I mean, a lot of things that the audience can't hear and then aren't obvious. You can try to hide it. Like all those spots you know that are coming all over the audio net that the ten-year-old kids are dubbing with the pot open so they sound like they're feeding back right on the year. Real Tinney and crappy. And we expect people to pay for them. There's no pride. There's no professionalism. There's no interest. There's no concern. There's just nobody here. You can talk to on that level. You know? I don't care about the Florida Marlins. I don't care about John Henry. I don't care about all these silly things that Greg Reid comes in here and keeps talking to me about talk turkey one day. Talk business. Talk about doing something for us. He doesn't care. All he sees is a log that's got eight million spots on it. They're running 55 minutes an hour in the morning drive. They're slept in a hanker while I'm like a goddamn play doll all over the place. He doesn't think in a kill him. Maybe they can catch up with funny hurts with a hanker be next in line by the time they're finished with him. Sitting him over to do a goddamn show at the stadium there in the middle of a cow pasture. Then to run having to do the 600 yard run to get on the air, putting him in the hospital and then saying, oh gee we're so concerned.