We're going to lose more chance. Why would it change? I was with UAM. My happy boy's waterdale present. The Neal Rogers Show. To know. The Neal called 567-0560-tole-free for David Raoad Air or Pound 560 on your cell call. The opinion of Neal, his guest's callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley, weed acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast booth. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 567-tole-A have no buttoned repulsors. You more. All right. I don't get you keep on getting up my bad. I'm playing you, come down there with you. You can't help my breath, they're talking about my 30 days. You come on to me and let the things in my head. And I'm lost, but if you wanna tell me you know everything about me, don't think you know. Yes, I'm on my head. I'm a tendency to shoot that damn thing. Okay. Good you could go to jail and then you need my name. If I'm free, you'll end up friends on me. She was 25 but she's just a few. Don't think he, I've been my name for three days. Daddy called the call for me. I got some perfect and things like those I have to tell me. No matter what you think about me, I got to think about you. Oh my gosh. What does he do? He's okay. Oh. He's just a piece of hair. He's a man who holds those friends later than time and time. He's just a piece of hair. I'm actually a little bit high. I got a cranked up because I love that song. I love the song. I love the parody that I just played. I don't know what to do. Anyway, getting back to what they were saying right there. We're never less at the end of the worst team this morning. See, the thing in it and the tires and whatever the else that goes on with this town. That no matter how you slap the public in the face, they're always in the house. It's like, if I opened up a restaurant, I said, you know something, the food is really going to suck. The prices are going to be too high. The food is going to taste like crap. And I open up the doors and people come in. And they're buying my sloth. Yeah, I mean, it's not like loaded. It's not like jam packed like McDonald's and places like that. But nevertheless, there are people, you know, a steady flow of customers and I'm like eating out a living. And I get out there and put on the street with a megaphone, I say, don't you? People understand the food here if at least the next couple of years it's going to suck and the prices are too high. And they keep showing up. That's what's going on here with this Marlon bull crap. That's the problem. We got crazy people here. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah, you too, John. Yeah. Crazy people in this town. That's why this thing with Mayor of Pinga who definitely ought to be in jail after last 24 hours, I'm convinced the ought to be on death row at least. That's why they're going to pull the wool over the eyes of this public and push this thing through. And wait till you hear this, if he haven't already heard the statement he released yesterday about to 75,000 toll boats that we're going to have if you don't give him this penny sales tax. Not that it's blackmail you understand. It's unbelievable. And see, again, who are the people that are really causing the problems that are getting sucked into all the panic like some jackass they interviewed this morning on Channel 4. Of course, I'm sure he was the only motorist out there available on the highway to be interviewed, but he's the one that we see. And his BMW or whatever it was driving. Oh, I don't care if it's 2 cents, 3 cents, whatever the sales tax is just to get these greater of these tolls and let me you drive. And I'm thinking to myself, God damn it, they're going to suck the public. They're going to pull this off. They're going to pull this off. Even his transparent as it is, but getting back to the idiots again and morons. Just like the, the, the, the, the, the few thousand people are keep showing up for those Marlon games, even though they keep coming out and saying, oh, we're going to stink. We're not going to win. We're terrible. We're a bunch of like a little puppy kids at every time we get somebody that you like. We're going to trade him away. Even if they are still young guys and I'm making a lot of money, we don't care. And they still keep showing up. And it's the same with these idiots who can't figure out the 50 cents on a toll road. Why do we have other than the fact that we've got lots and lots of assholes in this town, who don't belong on a road in the first place. But that aside, why do we have all this massive traffic jam up because instead of 25 cents, it's 50 cents. You've had to have been in a cocoon last several days, not to know by now. It's 50 cents on those expressways. How could you not know it? 75 cents on the turnpike are people doing cartwheels on the turnpike? No. It's traffic backed up miles on the turnpike unless there's a wreck. No. It's been that way for a long time. It's been 75 cents in back in those days when Chuck Meyer was having people mark up the thing on a quarter's there and Rick and Suds were going, Is that a good idea? Remember those great days? On I. V. Well that's a long time. That's several years that it's been the 75 cents. And the world didn't come to an end. But for some strange reason, you people are driving dates. Yeah. And it's not like there wasn't a total there in the first place. You follow what I'm saying? It's not like all of a sudden you woke up yesterday morning. And there were toll booths in places where there wasn't one before. There are no new toll booths in date County. There's only a chain spirit. And yet you're getting stuck. You're like participants in this fraud that's going on now. You're co-conspirators. You're part of the goddamn problem. Because you're so goddamn stupid. You can't figure out, okay, it's 50 cents. I'll either have a couple of quarters or maybe I'll just have a dollar bill out and go to, or maybe even better than that. I'll just have to get one of those sunpastings and go flying through there. This isn't like the end of the world, but now comes the mayor of penis yesterday. And this thing, it's like a script of a Broadway play of emotion picture. It's all been written out. It's all been a plan from the beginning. And he releases this statement. What's happening today is just the forecast of things to come. It says mayor penis. And about how the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority MDX, how this increase is just the start. And if we don't get that penny sales tax passed on July 29th, there's going to be 11 new tollplasers. There'll be a tollplas on every goddamn street quarter in date County. And if we don't get that penny sales tax, the tolls are going up to 75 cents in 2001. And the adiatiatiati, etc. and so on. And the MDX plan also calls for the tolling of future value pricing lanes and high occupancy toll lanes along proposed expressway extensions. But the mayor promises, and we know how good his word is, just like he promised to oppose that arena with Mickey Harrison down there downtown for blocks from the older arena. He says, I will not support tolling on future of value pricing lanes or high occupancy toll lanes along proposed expressway extensions if you pass my penny sales tax. But you'll have to take him at his word, okay? We know what that means. We know that when mayor penis speaks, that you can believe it for about a half a second. He says with our inaction and the construction of new tolls, the complete clogging of vital streets in our community will be at every day occurrence. So not that he's going to threaten you and that that they put the new toll and just in time to whip up all this hysteria a couple of weeks before the goddamn election. When everybody's out of town. How come our newspapers? How come somebody in this town somewhere in the news meeting? Isn't the psychotic about this doing cartwheels and summer salts? It's his transparent as looking through a goddamn pan of glass with a glass bin knocked out. It's a pain all right. It's a pain in the glass. Crazy people. And of course you can do it here because like I've said before, there's no passion about anything. Oh yeah, whatever you want, okay, just take it. Just let me drive. Okay, whatever you want. Just break me screw me a stick until me. I don't care. I love it. Just. Right. Boy, it's just, it's amazing. And that's why we have thousands of people that's your all for those ball games because they have no life. It's going to really think we suck. It's going to be bad. It's going to be hot. It's going to be uncomfortable. Hey, where do we get in? How much you want? How much for that cracker jack? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, you know something I think I have figured out why McDonald's is doing touch a big business. I think I just put my finger on it and the answer to. Ten past ten at five sixty w q a m. You're we tell it too much like it is for there for everybody's own sanity station. You should kiss my rear end. He's amazing. When I show fighting. I like jumping. Something sweet. We have cheese pop in. To get high. He's here to show you. But that's not. So you're good tonight. But my friend, but the label says to you. I'm sorry. I can't imagine. It's been a long time. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show you. Good decision. It's like just me. I say that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. It's like that. Who's who? Who's who? You got to get. Who? That's a ghost down like it like a friend's up in the dark. It's all good. It's a ghost down. Would you do come when you want to adjust it any day's learning about? It's very easy. I'm in kiss region. It comes out smooth like metavuys. It's comfortable when it's your turn. And it's your turn. No! Don't show get too nice in my mouth. Hey, that's me. Somebody say a baby. Now it's going to show us at half head. And the fastest life to be. There. He's not a bus. What time. Nice going there, Brian. Muffin man closes up shop right in the essence. And this morning, sugar free treats. Not as labeled. Eatery owner faces suit filed by customer. We'll get in at that in a minute. I'll give you back to this thing. take a look at the board right now okay not one single call on there okay except that pain in the estate slater which we appreciate all your good work day because you would return freedom and I'll be only ones that care beside me but I don't really care that much because I don't live in the county and especially if these things go through I don't plan on driving them anymore than I have to anyway. I mean wait till you take a look at the the Westbound dolphin and the eastbound this one and the Ashula and the state road 12 where we already took the one booth down all over the guy down place every five blocks there be another tool booth another eleven more reasons why you shouldn't go to the county and you people in the county by the way who've already a lot of bunch of banana boat people to take over your whole county and run the government and turn it into the ground turn into a piece of crap you're the ones who are responsible because every ten they say roll over you do like an obedient dog just like you're gonna do until i twenty nine in the middle of this bogus fixed election. They are tying up their their creating and buying 10th in the to read this thing here's somebody who faxes me this brochure that's being headed up by the end of the x you see mayor penis makes it sound like somehow the mimey did expressway authority has got nothing to do with him in the county like it like it's some kind of autonomous thing like they're not in bed together and yet the release from the mimey did expressway authorities talking about the toll increase and we can't waste any more time and we got to raise the money because we got gridlock etc. it says tolls are the only funding source mdfs authorized to use out of its charter and toll increases are needed by july 11th in order to avoid serious delay of this important rebuilding program does anybody believe that by july 11th not by july 30th like today after the election but by july 11th it was like it was life in death that they had to get this toll increase in there by a couple of days ago in order to make sure that they had two solid weeks to get everybody crazy so they would vote yes on i pennies sales tax and they still don't give a crap that's the best part they couldn't care less and of course you people are in business in date county you know that anybody with a brain it looks like from central date to north-brower or to south-brower they're not going to shop in date county to pay an extra one and a half percent sales tax they're not going to do it but don't confuse the public with the fact because they've already gotten together behind closed doors they made up their mind isn't what it's going to be and nobody cares i'm not you know something i'm not going to talk about it anymore i've already done my thing i got all whipped up to a friend the end of even live in fricken date county and here's another great reason why you know the girl i call yesterday was talking about if i caught up with guiding light you know that i keep what i was on vacation i said no and so she says oh there will be no problem and you go home today turn it on you didn't miss much you'll catch right up with it well i went home yesterday through your clock turned on CBS which i can only get channel four i can't get it on the big dish because the local affiliates don't want you to be able to get the out of time that we're affiliates and again what are they doing peppa peppa peppa what a goddamn cubins out there in the water in the coast guard 25 fricken minutes of the same bullcraft just like before i went away and vacation the same repetitious crap do i care about cubins out there in a godday am i do i care about that oh the most of the people in the Saudi it's give a flying crap about this oh oh what the the media here this this is a place even more than anywhere else in this in this very tightly controlled country this place here in south florida where the people are brainwashed and manipulated by the media and politicians the such a degree that it's hopeless it's hopeless baby you like that a prayer just come here and do like the old the old farce the kind of retire from life don't just retire from work retire from life maybe they got it right you know maybe they would have it down to a science just living their own little conclave and worry about their own little selfish things and their early bird dinners and what's in it for me and where's my social security j and that's it and just escape from all the rest of it because it's hopeless anyway the horses out of the barn and to watch these people in the behavior like i did suddenly come home from the airport and see and because there's you know so it's that it's 25 cents it's 50 cents okay that was a surprise to me but guess what it wasn't like the end of the world because if you drive it around out there and you don't have the extra 25 cents you shouldn't be driving the first place and yet to watch the way you people are carrying on and like all these lines in this guy this morning is BMW oh Jesus I don't care make it three cents a hundred I don't care what kind of sales tax you put it just to stop with this insanity let me say it again there was a toll booth they're already they just increased the toll everybody with a brain everybody with even a little teeny tiny one and a brain too should understand that by now and yet they're like doing car wheels out there and a road and they're switching one lane to another and oh what do I do and where do I go and uh just exactly as they knew you were going to do I mean you talk about obedient you talk about joust dipping in a line nice going I'm sure that mayor penis he's probably stroking himself right now he's so excited about here's a mobile in Miami hello oh yes what the phone to work well how do you like that the phone don't work we're going to have to reboot the phone system and start all over again because this is WCWM we're here we go you're doing the phone system stand by okay you'll have to call back in I guess if you run whole all three of you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line now don't get yourself worked up into a state okay you're feeling real good you had a great vacation you got some vinegar and whatever little bit energy speaking of that by the way I had a lot to Zanson biggest when he was on vacation last week he was on vacation same time as I was and I heard the first part of Hank show yesterday in boy sounded lucky must have had a really rough time out there because usually you come back from vacation you're loaded with energy and you're thank you so much five six seven oh that was mayor penis thank you mayor back to you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in Davy hello more near the morning yes sir uh the only thing I had the same about that cult saying I think I'm just going to pull my car for the threatened to doubt my car was got to lay maybe I'll get mayor penis is attention my doubt it and uh I'll matter material okay great he's not a material okay nobody here cares anything to say about this I mean I realize that I'm surrounded by a lot of dumb people out there in this town but Jesus Christ how is it possible to be this indifferent how is it possible whatever you want okay whatever you want we'll go along with it just please let it just like how our bills said what you're got names field building radios in your pop up poster and your color TV and that's it just leave us alone we don't care what you do this is a place where they could come a knock on your door and pee on your front lawn and take a dump on your porch and you still the people are so what I'm not gonna say about it like I don't like like the first guy that was going to look like that he was that was that was the most accurate color of all right there I think as of today I think I should do myself a tremendous service and promise never ever to even get involved in any of these things again whether it's humans carrying on a block in the highways or it's corrupt politicians sticking their hand in your pocket again and screwing into about what what they're in this and making it not gonna change my life what the why the house should I care when I'm living in the air or 4 million people they don't give a crap about any of this stuff about anything nothing let me just go to that restaurant where the food isn't so good and where they tell me it's over price let me go and see you check that out and then after that I'll go see a ball game I'll go subsidize John Henry or some other billionaire help him up so I'm totally a chain you know this thing with a stadium they'll get a stadium wherever he wants to build it they'll get a stadium they'll find a way they'll push it through the rig it just like they're doing with this thing with the sales tax they'll do it they'll do whatever they want it's always been that way here because you people are oblivious and then of course we got a handful but that they don't do anything because the mobile in the world hello hey new yes sir you gotta keep it up you know why gotta keep what I'm talking to myself no but you gotta keep it up because one day they'll do you what they did to me they shut my business down from one day to the next here and I'm like a cuba connier my amy they connier whatever you want to call you know the truth is that it's property taxes and that sales tax thing goes through and the poverty tax increase you know mere okay great five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the mobile well he said it to bull chit is what he said he's right there's a lot of chit that's what life in need county is it's a pilot chit five six seven oh five sixty five six the on the mobile one line boy it's amazing amazing oh yeah it's just uh exactly here's a mobile implantation hello yeah sir yeah yes I get two things of city number one you show chantat with you listen to every day and number two five ninety five which found his clothes is the bro looking in just for the four forty one over there so which found to the south in northbound four forty one yeah a little bit information for you okay thanks for the good news jump now how do you get it over with okay jump now and get it over with so we can get traffic moving again God damn it we got enough problems with traffic all over town and she's holding traffic up because she's got some of bug up her ass jump now let's get it over with sweetheart I'm not gonna be one of those people gets on here and try to like you know deter somebody from doing it jump now and the quit screw it up the traffic man boy sure is great to be back in town yeah why don't anybody want to be in all those other places that I go you know when you can be here having such a neat time shovel it down with the ducts You know, I'm not a bitch and I'll wait waiting for the family best to take me away. All I can do is just sit and I'll let you go late. You're the best thing I can do. I'm not a bitch and I'll wait until I change. First of all, stay as long as you can. I've got to do the devil to tell me the truth. The time at how late he must be in pain. Just give rest in my bones. When you're doing why my wife won't leave me alone, we've talked to our wife and our never-weighmen. I just find a treason through tomorrow again. Oh, so I sit on a bench and they'll raise. When you think more that I'll only best to take me away. All you love just sit and I'll let you go. I put my face right. I'll take a time that's way beyond the entire space. And a few things. I'll let you go. No more muffins just go to the Zelle Bay Beach. I live by the muffin die by the muffin. It says in this morning's paper by Mix Lipka. This guy that ran gilded is there were selling these muffin. Like a lot of other places do by the way. Sugar free, factory, etc. On the ingredients and whatever they bake them, whether you find out, surprise, not sugar free. In fact, they were using, what is this stuff that they were using? Scoup and bake. Scoup and poop. They were using to make it. And a bond 85 was suffers from diabetes. It's so in a restaurant. It's on us for more than $15,000. Plaining to a consumed large quantities of the offending muffins. Since 1994, as a result suffering disability across a medical and nursing care. Because it was any too many of these goddamn muffins loaded with sugar. No more gilders in Del Rey Beach. Oh! 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here in the land where they just absolutely refused to care. Same crap yesterday, 25 minutes on Channel 4 on the CBS affiliate. Watching Cubans out there in a goddamn ocean. With the patchying around, screw it around with the Coast Guard. Highly at Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You are absolutely correct sir on this sales tax pay. And keep pampering it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Keep pampering it. I can't get a response. Nobody cares about this thing. Keep pampering my ass. Okay. Keep pampering it. Call the hammer until him to hammer it. Okay. You can wake him up. That was funny. Guy. What? I told him he must have had a bad time in Vegas. He. What? He never woke up once during that show yesterday. I mean, it's not the ritual as he wasn't close by here with an easily poking in the ribs. He just must have had a rough time, I guess. Sounded like it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one. Yeah, keep pampering away for us. We have nothing to say about it. We got no opinions. We don't really care. But keep wasting your time and your energy. Be in the spokesman. Okay. I'm tired of being in the spokesman's winter's no response. All right. Like farting into a windstorm into a goddamn tunnel. What's the point? You don't even get an echo. Here's a mobile in the grove. Hello. First, I work in retail. High price picket items. Yes, sir. The spell fact is going to hurt me. Right. I mean, it's going to cut into my pocket. And I don't think that that's necessary. Second point is I just got back from a three week vacation up because I'm family house and Tennessee do some horseback riding. I drove through Atlanta. I didn't go through one single toll road. Yeah. I drove through Charlotte, North Carolina. I drove through all these roads. Not a single toll road. Why don't they just wrap your mission again. It's got the best expressway system in America. And you won't find one single toll road either until you get to the ambassador bridge. I mean, this is ridiculous. You can go 15 miles here without spending 15 dollars. I mean, I traveled everywhere and not a single road. I had to be paid for by toll. And this is interesting, though, that we can come up with always creative ways to finance stadiums and arenas for engineers. We can do that with taxes on tourists and so on. No problem at all. We can come up with a money to build a way in high ping a $200 million arena. They're in sunrise. But when it comes to coming up with a money to build the roads, we have to tax the poor bastards here who, you know, and again, how about the people that don't even use the roads? We're going to have to pay the increased sales tax. Exactly. And like I said, this is the sales tax. It's going to hurt. We're all these people in retail. They don't think this is going to hurt them. When you saw big ticket items. If you saw big ticket items that once that adds up a lot. And you know how many snores we got down here. Even if it doesn't add up a lot, people will spend $3 in gas just to go and buy it for like, you know, $1 cheaper in Broward County. Well, like I say, there's some people going to wake up and start thinking using their brain. Okay. Good luck, Pat. Have a good day. Bye. Yeah, this MDX piece of propaganda they're handing out from the expressway authority says, you know, you do have a choice. MDX wants you to know that there may be an alternative to the MDK tools on June 22nd. The Miami-Dade County Commission approved mayor of Piness's proposal for a county wide referendum for Thursday, July 29th. And if you go ahead and vote for that thing, we'll abolish all these tools and the world will not come to an end in the sky. We'll not fall, etc. And so on. So here, you know, the mayor wants to give the impression like the MDX is some kind of self-propelled authority that he's got no control over. We're not involved with. And yet this is a campaign that the two of them are running together. It's a blackmail campaign. They're threatening you. If you don't like what it is now, just wait, baby. We'll have a tool on every guy in the straight corner. We'll build another guy named Tulbooth in the story of your life. If you won't let loose and give us that penny sales tax, so we can do whatever it will help me want with it. And we can do the same kind of fraud that merits theirheim of supervised over here with the first metro, where we're election 20 years ago in that fraud. And I'm the only guy that impersonating the media in this town that's sitting here spewing my guts out. Like I said, I don't know why. Didn't do any good back then. It won't do any good now. Because I see these jerk balls, these asshole, these Johnny jerk off this morning sitting there, carrying on like the world is coming to an end because they can't figure out how to pay the 50 cent toll. Yeah, how do you do that? I guess somebody better show them how to feel the change. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, yellow. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I got a question on the satellite dish, where they're taking away the network feed. Yes. Yeah, they say you got to get the local stations at all. And that's fine, except like that's not fine. Well, I got, yeah, you're right. I got a big screen TV and the local feed sucks. Yeah. So now I'm losing this stuff and I say, I don't understand how the newspapers get around it. If there's a local newspaper, not regulated by the, by any government agency, the newspapers don't have an FCC, the newspapers do whatever they want. Exactly. You're right. They do exactly what they want. But it's the same kind of, you know, one's a print medium, the other one's electronic, but it's information and entertainment and advertisement. So if I get the Palm Beach post or the Sun Sentinel locally, how come I can also get the New York Times as a Chicago Tribunal? One of those? Sir, let me, what did I just get you saying to you? The print media have no government regulating agency. There's nobody to tell them where they can distribute or what they can do, because it's called freedom. You have the freedom to buy any publication you want. Just like you should have the freedom to watch anything over the year that you want. Especially if you're willing to pay for it, like the network of probably a traumatic town. But instead what we have is on the 30th of June, we had an all-remove from our big satellite dishes. And we're forced to watch local affiliates, which, as you say, you have a very gritty subpar picture in many cases. And after an addition to which, they just pick and choose when they're going to pre-apolog our network programming for like long-term superiority at the time. Like whenever there's a goddamn Cuban within between here in the 90 miles to Cuba, in the water, we're going to have to go away for half an hour. Exactly. And that sucks. You're damn right, it sucks. And, you know, I said a lot of the ordinary people. The ordinary people, I'm up until June 30th, it's about a gotten home yesterday and had that crap on channel 4. I would have just turned over to WSEE there on the satellite and watched it on the big addition, said screw channel 4. I don't give a crap about anymore this banana boat crap. Exactly. Or if you have a life and you're not doing something and you missed something you want to watch it. You know, eight o'clock, you could pick it up at 11 on the west coast. Right. Right. And now you're screwed because you have the right to, and I agree, you should have the right to buy any newspaper you want. And you should have the right to pick any people. That's right. You're damn right. I don't know what else to do. I sent the letters to Congress. Well, I'm not opening your wheels, man. Welcome to America where we never met them in an apoly we didn't like. Better just grab our damn passport. Okay, pal. Good luck. Thanks, buddy. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Do they care? No. Are they ever going to care? No. They're going to get motivated. Oh, they're going to get pissed off. Oh, no. No. No. See, when they were the Cubans blocking the roads here a couple of weeks ago, then everybody was psychotic and they well should have been. Then they were forming at the mouth because that involved the usual old ethnic psychosis. But here we got the roads all blocked off and everybody's having an oversparked on because you've got a political scan being pulled off right in front of your eyes. And nobody gives a crap. Nobody's got anything to say about it. Back then, they sure had plenty to say about it. We could have done like a five weeks seminar on psychosis. Back when the Cubans were blocking off the roads because they didn't get their way just the way they were. They wanted it with a goddamn coast guard. You people, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to write now. You've got nobody to blame but yourselves. Those of you in date County. You've got nobody to blame. Because you've sat back. You've allowed a segment of the community to run a whole goddamn thing. And you just walk around in La La La. Yeah. That's your thing. It's a toilet. Hi, a nail. This is sunny with the word of the day. We're here for a good time. Not a long time. Yeah, especially in your case. Oh, God, Leo. Me, it's just stand by and steam for sofaking. You understand? Where everything is out to the high sofaking standards. The selection isn't just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't just low. They're sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I say crap is helpful, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courteous. And try to see that a sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't pay me for me. Thank you from satisfied. Customer, Frank, and Stein. Sofaking good. You set it fracking sofaking good. 1046 at 560, WQAM. We have 62 open lines here. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. It's the middle of the summer time. The people would have brought in their all-out time to run vacations. So what am I getting excited about? So same old crappy Bennoot. You know, after 23 years you'd like to think that sometimes some more long-th line. Maybe you made a little bit of difference. You said something. You did something. Is it possible here? No. So just take the money and keep making a lot more of noise, kills and time. Calendale. And deal. I really can't come in on the MDX. I don't go down to date. Counting without a police escort. There's a human blockade they attempted to save Lewis yesterday. I know. Probably resulted in that asshole that called us from St. Louis yesterday. Well, perhaps probably protesting his Edward behavior. But the difference is there, they arrested 200 demonstrators. Uh-huh. Mostly black, I believe. Well, putting Reverend Al Sharp to right. And Neil, if you haven't noticed the resemblance between Chip Bush and that. Okay, 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello, I can see this is going to be a short effort today. Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Go on, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. Meaning what? Uh-huh. Meaning what? Meaning what? You got any material? No, you got no material. You just another asshole. Okay, get back out of an animal. All right, pal. Well, pack your maybe a note, Jay. And a Cuban bullet. 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in a derail. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? Not a damn thing, pal. Same old, brother. Yeah. You can almost smell it. Well, I'm pretty pissed off in part of about this penny tax. Yeah, I will know about it. Nobody cares. If you people need to realize it's going to affect every single person in the bank County, this penny tax. If you calculated, it's a penny per dollar that you waste in everything that you buy. So it's going to cost a lot more to everyone, this penny tax than the 25 cents extra that you will be paying. Did you see this mayor yesterday on TV with his little chart showing how much of toll in the race, like by the year 2002, and in 2010 it'll be like up a dollar. And in 2020 it's going to be up a dollar. Yeah, I'm sure everybody here is really concerned about 2020. I'm sure we're worried about that. Right. But minimum wage will probably be about $1500 an hour anyway. Yeah. But I'm voting no. My girlfriend's voting no. Her sister's voting no. Her mother's voting no. No, no, no. Thank you, Neil. No, no, no. No. Vote early and often pal. I'm going to vote for the $300 a piece at least. 560, 505, 60, 50, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lady mobile and a lot of day of lakes. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. I just wanted to let you know my family and I had just gotten back from Europe. And it's amazing how in Switzerland in a city like Basel, people can just hop on and off public transportation. You don't have to wait, not even maybe a minute to you can get all over the city. Right. Wonderful, Rose. And I don't see anybody paying tolls about anything. And we pay my husband has practically half his pay tax taken away from the by the government for supposedly rose schooling and all of this business. And yet when you stop and think about it, what we have the worst school system. I think we're worth the Mississippi now. We have horrible roads. They're constantly patching and unpatching them. And we have to pay through the nose for them. Now, I don't live in day county, but I'm fumed every time I have to go there and stop, you know, every five seconds along the way to pay to use these substandard roads. And I think people ought to really thank cards. The better than I'm not going to. You can sit here and pacificate and say what they ought to do and what they ought to think. They don't care. They don't care. I'm sitting here today doing my usual begging for phone call routines. And I would have thought while I sat down here this morning, even mentioned this again, that the people would have been up at arms. But they don't care. All they do, all they want to do is hate each other. That's all they know about. So if it has an ethnic flavor to it, then they get whipped up into a frenzy about it. But if it has to do with things that affect all of us, they don't care. And it's really so ludicrous because when you go to other places and you see how many people from all over the place live in all these cities. Get along and really get upset about the things that are common to everybody. As you say, education. Well, when I go to your final where I would never dream of running a car or using a car, you have every kind of transportation. You've got the trims and buses and you subways you name it. It's amazing. But even even if you use my husband and I did rent a car, it was wonderful. So all over the expressways never had a problem. There are all kinds of gas stations, food where you go, don't forget real food when you pull off on the expressways that a plastic stuff. It was amazing. And why is it that we have such a problem down here? And it wasn't any better before we had all these ethnic. I mean, it's always been bad. It's always been bad. It's always been bad. You know, you're busy building a renaissance stadium suite. We don't have money for things like schools and roads. We don't have money for that. I guess not. We can be blackmailing the public and threatening them to to get the money. It almost sounds like. I have to take it to call you because it sounds like, okay, I'm sounding off. You're sounding off. And it's as you say. We just. We're just. We're just. We're just. We're just. We're just. We're just. We're just. We're just. But have this in this here. I can't take off and leave. Or a truck. Well, I don't know. I don't have any. I live in Broward County other than the turnpike. I don't pay a toll anywhere. So I'm not worried about it. Some. Yeah. How about Broward. We managed to survive without all the tools. Somehow, let's hope it stays that way. Thanks a lot. Okay. five six seven. five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Just keep blackmailing and threatening and put these little games together. And it works. That's why they do it because it works. And because every time they do it. The Harold joins in there and the rest of the media sits back like the. media sits back like they got the paulsy like they got the the cat's got their tongue and that's it and they just go ahead and do whatever the hell they want and you people sit back on your ass going like that yeah yeah oh my god i mean to see that scene with these people with a lines backed up oh my god 50 cents instead of a quarter what are we gonna do how to how we're gonna get through this thing here how does it work how can it be done haha oh man how can they find our service for 23 years and I'll keep saying it asking the same question how can they stick so many stupid people in the same place at the same time that's the question for the ages man where did they find them it's that a factory where they stand them all out all these people sitting there wondering uh and of course they get right up to the booth naturally got for bid that you know like sure to half a mile ahead get your change out or have some kind of concept I mean it only has big big green and blue signs up there to the head etc so on how much it is no no just pulling their an inch start to try to finger it out here's a leading coconut creek hello hi I just ended up calling the white house you can call the white house anybody can get the phone number as for from information yeah and explain that that we live down here and the president I didn't realize it's coming is not coming because of the Cuban situation or anything like that right but the bottom line is I would like to see the American flag flown once in a while down there I would think you the next time they've been okay great everybody call the white house and tell me why I'm seeing American flag flown down there okay wherever down there is woo see what I'm saying that's what gets them whipped up let's start with the Cubans again let's start with the ethnic business let's start with all that crap all over it come on here we go that's it he put up that'll get them worked up all the same people like that bitch called the White House to tell them that you'd like to see a Cuban flag stuck down here stick this honey five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line yeah center Olympus get okay target great song by the way not man what a piece of crap what what garbage what swill you show me a white guy trying to do rack then I'll show you really you know other than Eminem okay I'm making exception there which we have to f*** every other word that he says anyway because he's a little on the six eye don't I'm saying like my anus here is uh I don't mean my anus is on the six eye now yet here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir are you doing man great uh I I I live in Miami and the problem with a lot of these elections in Miami is only let the city of Miami vote on them and I was in here my anus is a county white county white right here in the county election which it should be defeated easily because most people in the county should realize that 25 cents would be much better than another penny sales tax but most of that's like the Miami issues it's a vote on such a small percentage of the actual you know what you consider Miami you got to consider candle and you know the cables and all the other areas and they don't get to vote on it so it really what was that have to do with this I'm just kidding you just got to sing it's a county white election right right I the county wanted that being held in the middle of the summertime when at least 50 percent of the people over the county are out of town well that that's a political thing that they've rigged and of course they're gonna try to you know which is a joke because the mayor is a joke and he tries to make it seem like a his way with the penny tax would be easier you know what it costs $3 to get some Manhattan it got you know it costs money to drive sometimes and that's all you have to you know 50 cents if you don't have 50 cents to pay for a toll you shouldn't be driving parking didn't offer the road that's right I mean you know it's real simple but the whole city of Miami as long as we have the same politicians running the city of Miami it'll never change and you know there's a bigger the city grows with the more people that come into the city the harder it gets for anything to change it doesn't seem like it can change anything okay I'll see you in brown yeah 560560 pound 560 I'm so depressed I'm so sorry that I came back here I can't be getting there are no words for me to describe how depressed I am that I came back to this place where the people are so goddamn indifferent so uninvolved so asleep so lethargic so pathetic there'll be a haveness like I said these people out there and a row with this backed up a mile because there's been a 25 cent increase and putting on a show just exactly what the politicians predicted and hoped for and prayed if they would have written the script you couldn't have acted out better for them including that jackass they had on channel for news this morning so I hope they charge you 80% sales tax and everything you buy okay just because you're such a jackass yeah I don't care one of these 2% 5% just give me out of this traffic woo exactly now Dr Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scripts by TLC Dr Burnham? a scrub of the guy that thinks he's fly also known as a fusset always talking about what he wants just fit them in his throat cat so no I don't want your number no I don't want to give you mine and no I don't want to meet you nowhere no I don't want none of your time and no I don't want no scrub a scrub of the guy that can't get no love for me hanging out with passenger side of his best friend's ride trying to fall at me no scrub no scrub no no no no no no no no no scrub no no no no I'm fucking idiot love it I'll do a 5 50 WKOM so anyway here's a facts from Bob Baron who the hell is Bob Baron that's not the old the old oh oh no this is a Bob Baron with the mommy fusing his edit actually on you to not you oh yeah anyway this guy sends this sends the facts to the first team complaining bitterly about how they're always bashing soccer he sends it to our fact machine so Bob it's very our articulate your full of crap though by the way because the guys in the morning are white nobody here cares about soccer whether it's the fusion or the confusion or they conflug uh whatever it is the confluence nobody cares so give it a rest Bob and next time you want to send a fact to the first team send it to their facts machine it'll maybe get to them because every time we get a fact that even close to being for the more steam we tear it up immediately without even reading it because it'll piss off default and his mother oh sorry Betty here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hey hey okay sir yeah I hope anybody who before this boat comes up use the brains and the mathematics and realizes the cars in a cost you two $500 more and not that piece people aren't mathematicians they're emotional creatures and what's being done now this whole scan that's being orchestrated now to work on the emotions and the frustrations of the drivers in the county which is the people are gonna be here in two and a week to vote on this thing that that's what's going to influence them not dollars in cents they're not going to sit down with a calculator and figure these things down yeah because I mean I chose my work according to where I live to eliminating driving that's my choice if they choose to drive it down on Miami but it's got a stop that there's a full booster not yeah but it's gonna cost us a restaurant it's gonna cost us a washer dryer a big screen TV anything you buy we're gonna be given money out then if we don't drive it we're paying for it yeah so I say you know I just hope people use their brains but that's that and a lot in this county okay good luck sir yeah we'll go on to us all yeah yeah I mean starts with a brain business this one is to get in the nervous because I keep wondering what brains he's talking about five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Hank Goldberg sure I'm sure Hank will be awake by today you know that first day back from vacation is always tough he'll be on here from two to six this afternoon six or clock we got Jim Edditch and then seven forty five we got that all star game which are the ten people are interested that will be watching on TV but we got it because it costs a really good time and then at capital and after the game I'm sure am I right about that five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and home state hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir never figured you for an M&M fan have you have you heard the new sway and DJ Kak CD with one new track from M&M and one where he's doing a bunch of stuff for the bunch of other hip hop artists yeah so one of the cuts last night on it was it was it was it that cut that you saw was called the anthem I got one of people in there is kind of chino and I know that was the one I was funny because I went to the M&M show which I didn't see that but that was maybe like twenty people in the over twenty one section over there at the cameo yeah because they you know of course they're like out all upstairs and it was like a bunch of fifteen years and I looked around and said I'm getting old but my taste is still young Neil you know I mean I know what to mean all right take it easy okay see what he said five six seven old five sixty I think what he said was that limpus good sucks these absolutely right they're out the cmon and double by the way number one the first week he's showing the American music oh god five six seven old five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line toy box you ever gonna hear from them over here oh I doubt it just like when I came back from vacation at other time and played steps only let's work we ever heard our lives okay nine minutes after eleven and five sixty w q m you stick with Jennifer Lopez okay and I'll stick with toy box anybody out there got a toy box no offense but fall sports radio five sixty you hey okay let me let you in a little bit of a secret okay we already know about the broad on five ninety five and four forty one okay no more phone calls about it no more facts is about it we already had it on the air we know about it there's nothing we can do about it okay I told her to jump already get it over with sort of clear the traffic and get you all going again but that's the best I can do man all man all man alive what a place this is it's just staggering it's just amazing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I want my salad from touched by the way for lunch I'm not that real my salad he does you know the cool cuts in the cheese and stuff like that soon really soon I need salad for my brain here's a mobile in my me lakes hello yes sir I know it is my is good by the store off the bridge it looks nice top pie dealership and that's the main side of my me that can believe this first one I'll be speaks English there and they got Santa Claus and Christmas trees and Christmas lights up already yeah me to tell those cubanices you look five six seven five sixty you see what I'm saying that's all you people want to talk about that's all you know the thing with it's got to do with mayor penis here other than the fact of these a professional cuban but other than that this is all a day county it's got some ethnic thing and we get the one broad that they all bitched it's on the phone to the white house whereas you were looking for somebody with an american flag down there she didn't even live in date county but she's got a big mouth worried about what kind of flag there waving down there and then we got this guy in here who's uh... going out of his way to go to date county to look out for people can't speak English that should be real tough sir looking for people in the English and date county we get your search party five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen to the town that doesn't work folks don't let anybody pull the wall over your eyes for even a half a second this place doesn't work here's candle hello yes sir uh... going to do a lot of idea of going up to bower than avoiding the fail factory increase i can tell you about this myself when it's about my car because self tax was cheaper and bower yes i was a ninety two and they had to charge in the sales tax regardless and send it back to my today county so if you know thank you to everybody thanks a lot you mean you live in date county because i decided in date county i had to charge me the the date county well moved to power that's my suggestion sir five six seven five sixty pound for all of your case day and day and pound five sixty on the eighteen to the wireless line here's a mobile implantation hello and i don't okay sir yeah i've been on some good what was so yesterday no i will not okay but not worried about it but i have prepared how are you talking about but i mean by that how do you put the broadwork yeah how do you just like throw the grill what you do oh how do i cook it on the ground okay before you put out the grill try this is what we should do in the middle of the bus take it a big part of blowing water put about a half a canard beer and it and some onions yeah and borrow the uh... brought worst in that beer and water mixture for about ten minutes yeah and then take it out and throw down the grill okay they'll take a lot better but we're going to find it okay we can find it while do you want to go and have it either the restaurant they've ever been to the uh... are very in village and how it would the barbarian village uh... you mean the barbarian village barbarians i'll try they have a uh... delie i'm not the you take it out there but you said down either no i don't want to i don't want to get down either i want to take it home and make it like under grill you know the bus stop the you find those jossensville brought worst to the wind is your public but now public is got no brought worst i was in my public last night i discovered and they don't have any of the well another public school one down by uh... work the one down here by work on here on four forty one got for a bit of okay thank all the good news pal okay i know i'll excuse me i get carried away i was in cologne germinated they have a good brought worst there and i come back here and right away i think i'm still in germany ok i'm sorry i apologize i got a little bit carried away i mean something is unreasonable is that to expect to be able to walk into a market i in a lot what what the all we're talking about brain there i just had a brain fart i guess assuming i could walk like in a lot it was super marketer into like a delie and where they have like actual like sausages and brought worst in uh... all these things excuse me here's coral springs hello hello yes sir what's going on man what's the deal yeah i heard you talking about white rappers and you like eminent i know a white rapper who'd feel like he's from Miami yeah name is a theme uh... i saw him with the artillery concert you know what i had to construct and i've had to know that yeah the man you got to check him out no i'll pass five six seven oh five six the rap sucks okay rap is for morons rap is for idiots you got it pal rap is for people without a brain rap they left the sea off at okay they left the k off the beginning of the word they left the k off of a crap got it pal here's a mobile and your field be chill out yeah yes sir just got back from Vegas loved it yeah they did the mandalabae i wanted to ask you though i was watching tv for a couple of minutes and i see they had the hits for the tom like this radio show i come here on the other side of it to the show there a lot of people because i worked for a bunch of cheap bastards here who don't promote this station and don't promote their show and it's in miracle they have any audience because i work for cheap bastards called the beesleys and Greg read who's busy in montana right now and that's your tell you a lot about his personality i mean they're advertising him like every twenty minutes yeah well we don't we don't get any advertising you don't get any i've been listening to now for about eleven years ten years and their people when i say uh... meal rodges they go through exactly that's right unbelievable well anyway that's all i've got to say love you kneel thank you sir okay there it is a little salt in the ruins i mean his intentions are good but he doesn't the recingo one or except the fact that i work for cheap bricks who don't want to spend any money to promote us because uh... you know somehow we still managed to follow our way through without it and they load up the law with eight million spots in uh... then they got to give all the money to john Henry and the wane and it's just a vicious cycle here but in the meantime like hanks is just take the money like guilty says like everybody around here says if they've been here long enough just take the money in run and they're right they're absolutely right because otherwise you could go nuts you can have a nervous breakdown from these people they absolutely refusely inability to just uh... you know don't want to have anything to do with the way this business is supposed to be conducted and they want to stick it up the butt all the time nevertheless some people around here might like that here's a lady in my and he hello yes man can't hear it all okay i think the reason i think probably have a had got much responsible people concerned about the penny sales prices that most of the folks that would have been concerned are not living in the county more to feel that i still left here that will be concerned there is a way to put retirement so that they can leave the county as well yeah and unfortunately it's it's finished a county history yep yep yep right all right my thanks now she's right very succinct right to the point he's absolutely right by the way before forget about it yesterday was mentioning the newsweek magazine July 12th and probably some people went out of the news stand and they thought what is he talking about is god dead on a front page article because yesterday in a mail at home i get my July 12th issue of newsweek the u.s. edition at the european one that i bought uh... where the house was in an answer them at the airport and low and behold on the front cover of the uh... one here latin u.s.a. article i was talking about with bill draconair and uh... our loud mallet bullcraft was really obnoxious repugnant unacceptable articles that's the front page story now the thing about is god dead in western european sure can look that way in all those statistics and the other stuff that i read is that story in here at all no is there any mention no is it uh... no how do you like that so you see in europe and newsweek they can handle this they can handle the fact and they can deal with it because they realize that it's all a bunch of bullcraft but the american public were so brainwashing with the religion in horsecraft they got ahead this uh... garbage on the front page with billed wreck talking out loud good show there bill that was great here's a mobile in mianny hello and uh... okay sir uh... listen i found out the no against the uh... fail facts uh... the couple of different yeah and uh... think that's like the pilot of the story here uh... i thought the ten past uh... views on a thirty six and they've made every way in the sun pass lane so therefore your step in in every lane with backed up it's crazy what would mean every lane is a sun pass lane how can they do that they do that we might have a uh... big enough to find over the line that they except on past you know for everybody even the people with don't have some task can get in those lanes so it's not a uh... i thought it was your sand on the thirty six there are no exclusive some past lanes you got it baby brilliant thanks for the good news hey all that to it doesn't matter if they take out these five and there's another five years from now traffic is going to double ten years than a double dozen matter yeah well get well but no what they don't understand is five years from now ninety percent of the people moved out of the county so it really doesn't make any difference five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warless line here's a lady in candle hello hi no yes ma'am hi tell to you the uncedored evening i was watching it he entertainers tonight and uh... you've never been to a raving about just top of it yes the u.m. playing right well his brother dug his far more gorgeous i guess they were i can see that they're identical twins they all yeah well they don't look identical they sure look like it to me well not wonder so i thought the one boys already graduated yeah well maybe they're not but they sure look like in the pictures i saw a lady cv on the folio i did i did see and i got the uh... the thing okay that was in the uh... catalog for uh... abacrabian fit alright that's what they're modeling you right i uh... which is a new year you'll notice when i brought that up everybody around here went mom they did it but one or two people admitted they heard of him he uh... where's number thirty eight a while before the hurricane but all of a sudden as soon as they found out that it was a male model everybody in the sports people when mom like they never had no idea what i'm talking about always just unbelievable to put you know uh... what you were talking about brought words do you have a uh... board said section in your uh... public yes well i think in the big public down here on the u s one they have the brought words in that section really uh... i'm so you might double check i think i'm going to have to talk to my people over there at public because i don't know i'd like to be pushing and start boss and maroon but uh... i mean is it like uh... on america to go in there and buy brought words to do something wrong with that no they're all for you okay okay thank you five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen-t wireless line here's a mobile info waterdale hello yes sir brought words report it's called mmail e m i l m l so i think even brought it behind the counter black and a weapon making it yeah take federal highway uh... north of commercial okay thanks a lot pal and when you get to jackson by the way make a you turn come back today tone on that's where it is i'm not don't you understand i mean every time i ask where can you get fill in a blank with where do you get what ever it is and it's like all of you you know drive up the commercial and you go all the way over to well federal highway and you make a you turn and spin around just page loyemies uh... you know i'm not talking about that we're not talking rocket science here we're talking about buying some god damn meat that's what we're talking about okay where's the frickin meat five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line i'm not talking about that the tool thing anymore i will never we are never going to get sucked into that thing it's the worst i i don't live in date i work just barely over the county line and i hop on the turn bike which the tools will continue to be there and i don't doesn't bother me in the least but and life goes on and you people live in dayd screwia okay you don't give a crap screwia i'm not going to sit here keep being a spokesman and turn my guts out for a bunch of people i don't give a crap screw it good luck to you you'll need it where are the exploding ball yes i'm a now it's a tool he overfloated in two times and when i read all the error that just can't pull it down and all the cringles move the way that other try to get the only amni how to change its name and that the amni and the around the amni and the around the right right hand wall and over the whole and if her sex falls down when i go like to the town outside of what we do the test like to robbing a tm's and shooting stories in the hentall her role cater to the average and the obstacle to the old it's calm moody said it's that that's all you do wrong i read the website as the case of black beans squares and then i wipe my ass on my wire a pair of shirts to the amni and around the amni and the apex right home the pmsEmpan the xm's the it takes my mom there was hard a way yes the to a 560WQM Rafael, Ressendez, Ramirez Schwartz, Puppy Compo, they caught them. Okay, the railway killer is in custody. Happy now? And brought us still a hovering over a 595 and 441 we think. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and Western, hello. Nail? Yes sir. You can solve your sausage problem on the way home from your office today. If you as you go over towards the turnpike to go home, keep on going to university and go up and a block north of John to Street on University. This is a place called International Sausage. It's a European guy that's in here probably as this kid's in his mother-in-law and everybody else working there. They make the sausage, they smoke the sausage, they learn to go to the... Yeah. Yeah. Right there on the side. And it's very reasonable, very nice people and they've been here 100 years. And it's on University. Yes sir. Right it's literally a block north of John to Street right next to the FITCOT SATION. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a nice day. There you go. That's all that problem. No more meat. Okay. Enough of the meat. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady mobile and my honey, hello. You just said no more meat. I was going to tell you about getting the real sausages out of Columbus. Never mind. Well, it's going to be a drive for you. There's a German Delhi at the Boit and Beach. But you can't go out. Oh, holy German. Del order you by the case and you can freeze it. No. But they bring it in from Germany. Yeah. A lot of the stuff like the Johnsonville, it's very American. I've been colon a couple years ago. And Johnsonville, okay. But the real good stuff you can get from that Delhi up there. There's another one down here in South Dave but I know you don't come today. No way. No way. I can't afford the tools. Sorry. Thanks. Bye. 560, 0560. We finally hit the Rodner here today. We hit the meat line. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. North Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to the meat guy. I'm sorry. But I'm moving. I'm moving. I've closed my business. I'm here cleaning up. I've been listening to you for years. I'm in day County and I'm leaving. Really? I've moved to Broward four years ago when they checked the insurance up so you couldn't even live here anymore. Yeah. And now my business I'm closing in. I'm moving to Broward County. And my sausage place is real near you and it's the original guy from the one on university. Yeah. And he makes it in the shop and it's on this cane boulevard. Two blocks from Pembroke Road going north. This can't be on the left. This can't be on the left. Well, this can't be on boulevard in Pembroke Road. We're in time and county. We federal highway. No, no. Well, we're in the same boulevard. Let me think. No, you're right. You have one on our busking. You are Martin, date county. Tendric Road is in Broward County. Never the 20-child meet. You have to be federal highway. US one just north of Pembroke Road. You know what? We're on the Gulf Stream type of down. Oh, I wouldn't go anywhere near there. Very good. He's European. Right. He's probably running. We're going over there. Oh. My good luck to you, pal. Yeah. You too. Thank you so much. Okay. Six hundred open lines here this morning. Okay. I apologize profusely for getting all worked up about that stupid mayor. penis. I don't care about that crap. Okay. I just don't care. If you don't care, why don't should I care? We just don't care. Right. Is that it? Okay. Should have checked before I started this morning. Taking a survey. You care and they all would have said, oh, then we could have moved down with life. Talked about something important like where we get some good meat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. You know that guy was right on the university. You're in Johnson. Yeah. He makes all kinds of different sizes. It's really good. And you'll even make them for you if you have a special recipe like the your own or something you want to leave out something that you can't eat or something you don't have for yourself. But also 95 southbound. A car exploded in some fire traffic is stopped at 84. Right underneath the overpass. A ride. A big fire. The bars are not moving. Excellent. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're traffic report won't say it. No, we don't have any traffic reports. We don't have a TV said here with the small satellite. Did you have no contact with the other world? We don't have a news wire in this station. It's not exciting. The boat's floating in. But it's something. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. You see we have no contact with that. We don't have the cable. We don't have like, I mean, the antenna farm is only across the street for us. You know, if we're going to get, and by the way, what are we going to do about that Chuck situation? I just tried again, which maybe hit his phone is off the hook or it's out of order. Maybe he heard me say that we were going to get food from over there and they took the phone off the hook. Chuck, if you're listening, what else going on with your phone? What are you looking like that? I mean, we're going to have to get some lunch in here pretty soon. And I'm got really horny for Chuck's that really spicy. Whatever the thing is, but evidently, five, six, that, oh, you've finally got to ring. See, probably had the home was off the hook. You heard what I said. I'm going to communicate. You got to get on here because Chuck's the one guy that's listening to that. He's the only one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I'm just going to play toy box and best friend the rest of the day. Over and over again. I like it. Of course, if you haven't seen the video, it loses something in translation. Here's a mobile in line, me, hello. Me and what's going on with that? Not a thing, pal. Hey, talking about this pending tax pull craft. You know what I'm getting? We're talking about the PRAZE polls, the 50 cents, you know, that crap. Yeah, I'm listening. Not only did they raise the 50 cents, they had out of the seven possible rates to get through there. They had three of them closed. Yeah. Just the piss people off more. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. But that was the jackass. Okay, thanks for the good news. That's a bullet indication, is it? One line, let up on a board, now we can go back to some music. I'll play that, what is that thing that I got from Norway? Unforgivable center by Lynne Marlennet's number one in Italy. Very big. I'm going to play it just European music. Since these people got enough of the say, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, eight, ten, ten, ten, ten. Why in God's name? Seriously, if there is, if there is anything in the universe, if there's anything out there, if even Mr. Spock is listening, why in the world that I come back to a place like this? There's my meat! Craft little records, it's for how to present. The Elvis album, everyone's been waiting for. It's Elvis in Seattle. I'm a little bit of a dream. From the miles of the good dance, I'm getting hungry. I hear it. Give me a cheeseburger, man. See the Colonel's guy left the little zone. I'm getting hungry. That's right. The King of Rock and Roll. Let's play the King's Elb. And you've got a front road ticket. A little Jeremy Spock. And in class today, Elvis, covers all the great Seattle bands. The Pearl Jam, Sound Garden, and the one that started the doll. They're gone now. No man. I'm a little out of, Mama's Pito. Malapeito. Elvis is very well in Rock and Seattle. Only on, Capital Records in Spain. Man's for Gario. There are some Pito. As for those. Man for T. Come on. I'm looking forward to your remarks. Five, six. You're welcome. W. K. W. M. S. L. L. Two castellos. Mom calls and says that the sausage shop that these people are recommending. The old world, whatever the name for was, that it sucks. And that the good stuff is in Hollywood Mall and that Deli. Which I know that place, where a German guy runs it, it's a German sausage shop. Am I going to the Hollywood Mall? Huh? No. Is anybody else going in? No. But thanks to Mrs. Costello. Thanks for the memories. By the way, Channel 10 Big Explos yesterday. They got nothing better. No important news going on. So, where they do the giga bunch of teenagers. And they send them out to various movie theaters around time. Did you see that thing? To see who's getting ID and who's not getting ID. Into those are rated movies. Oh, my god. America, grow up already. Because Bubba said. Oh, Rachel. Yeah. The same guy that's up there getting blow jobs and sticking the cigars in. Every, or, or a orifice he can. That's why they call it the oval orifice. And he's talking to try and about, you know, now we got to start to check an ID and make sure because then we don't have to worry about violence. Okay. As long as you make sure your kids don't go to these sexual and violent movies go for a bit. I mean, is there anybody who in the right mind who really believes this goodny two shoes of bull crab approach to light? No, of course not. Does he believe it? No. Here's a mobile in derail. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. It's been a long time, probably five years. I'm your long loss of a loser counting not these sheriff course. Bondant. Bob Vogel that makes the minority stop on on on 95. And then they're eight. I live near the corner beach and I can't make 60% of my income. Driving one by any date counting roads. And if they take the tolls down, it'll be a blessing for me. But you know what? I don't spend tax time number one. I should have sleeping brown for safety purposes. And when I'm in a hotel down here, for nine years, I've listened to you on Mondays and Tuesdays. And now we're going to do this. It's only going to benefit me, but I don't spend any money in date counting. So, you know, what an answer on move. It's absolutely unbelievable. And just for the record, the troopers are in on it now. It's been up in 95. So, you guys are running drugs. You may want to get on US1 before you get to the border on ZX-85. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, sir. Take care. Oh, God. Oh, Jesus. Are you fucking kidding me? Oh, that's right. Don't let those kids under our 17. See, that's off Park movie. They're definitely going to be blowing each other's brains out. They might even stick with one of those Cuban bullets in there. Back to them from next. Oh. Crazy, crazy country man. Let's just keep everybody like a 10 year old, like a 5 year old. And then we don't have to worry about anything, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the acorst the NRA. We want to make sure all the kids keep buying all the guns. They want that's okay. But don't let it buy a pack of those faggots or see some of those movies like Go soft park and all these other damn things. God. Because I have to be it. Here's a mobile and cake coral. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. God, I'm green for Canadian president. Right. God, I'll bring you one of those Pepsi spots for the first time on MTV last night. That's gone. Oh yeah, he's a man. I love Dave. I love Howard. Now I live in Fort Myers and there's some stability out here. People are nice. I think the word you're looking for though is boring. I mean, it's pretty boring here. I can't even imagine how boring it's got to be there. I just, I probably got some nice stookey's there. You know, along I 75 and some of those exits. They probably got a nice stookey. I guess they're on the beach, even downtown Fort Myers. They have all their, they're good to have. No. No. No. Go on late night. That's it. No. And the people here are getting younger. Yeah. They're under 70 now. Exactly. But you need an age is down to 69. That's the only thing that you'll find over there. But that's the median age. You know, the most frustrating part about this into your show now is that I have to get filled in on all this cube and the whole piece stuff going on. You know what? I don't care. I don't want to know about it. Believe me. Trust me. Hey, I got to go find a new Spag. Yes, sir. Let me. You're Cuban. Yeah, my amy. And I love my dad. Okay. 5, 6, 7. So we finally got to check what was the story of the phone off the hook. They got a couple of really big orders that they were dealing with. Well, you know, you got a long time. God damn, nerve, Mr. I mean, they got a couple of big orders. That means that somebody is actually paying for it. We're looking to suck up a free lunch from them over here and disrupt their, we're taking the big orders. And you got some nerve getting on the air and they're making a big stick about that. Why did 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going back on vacation. I'm serious. This really sucks. Yesterday for a Monday was okay. Not, it was weak. Pretty crappy. But today, my God, to come in here and actually, you got to pinch yourself every now and then make, make you understand that you're awake in a life. Maybe that's what I needed yesterday. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, near, good morning. Yes, sir. You know, I was in Cuba recently. And they listened to you there in 5, 60 and in 770. Yeah. 770 has a problem before you, that, I mean, if you ever wanted not to, not to foul somebody, that's the problem. Really? Oh, my God. God. Oh, God. He got a guide that his old problem for three days was about the fight that he had with his wife on his right through the matter of the house. And he called his wife in the job. And she said, I want to tell you. I don't know. I know the carried Rick Rally on 770. No, no, no. He says, it's one of the local jocals. Oh, I see. Really, really. Listen, channel. At least it wasn't done. I'm as talking about his brother Fred on the year. No, it wasn't. How was that man still on the year? It just astonishes me. Report from channel 23, Aniliana Rose Latina. She is demanding from the Coast Guard to return to Miami. The body, the corpse of the lady that drowned over the weekend. What's wrong? She's going to do it. Well, they wanted to set up a big show if they gave him to him. Even though the family of this young woman isn't pure, but her husband and son. When did they turn the body over to the time green show on MTV? Oh, so she's made them come up with some pretty creative things. He was demanding that. And today, if I were broke, they're going to have a picket in. They said, again, it's built Clinton on the entrance to Boko Plum. Yes. Come on, it's for embracing. And may your panel, that's going to be there. Uh-huh. Senorita Penellus. May your panel be there. May your panel be there. May your panel be there. Right. So maybe OGL be there at the same time. The Boko Plum. That would be good combination. Maybe OGL would be there with his big night. Good. Okay. Thanks. Not that we made anything by that Mr. Mayor. But you got to watch your backside in order to say that. Yeah. Oh, boy. Just I can't see. I can't deal with it anymore. It's too much of the same. That's why we all moved out of date. Okay. If you live in date, don't take it personally unless you want to. We just can't stand it. Okay. If that's your idea of the way you want to live. Fine. It's a free country to appoint. Yeah. That's what you want to find. We don't want any part of it. That's a good add. That's good. Down in the Falls County mountains. Somewhere in Charlottesville Forest Small Bay. Around there are around two in the midst of it. Yeah.wsa cig oyster. Babney's growing sand. Big bucks. The Atomic. R. He said that you said it. City of arms. Ouss. No? They're supposed to. Oh, they don't. Oh, man. If they have brought it, if they have brought worse than my public, they must be hiding in the place to just make sure I can't find it. I'm going in there again this afternoon. I'm going to turn that store upside down looking for brots. Yeah, but ask for jobs and looking for crowds. Those are the real Wisconsin brots. Okay. Okay, and closing. Mirkiness, your an asshole. Thank you. What did you say? He's an asshole. 560, 550, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Don't forget, just vote. No. Mirkiness, my good close friend, Raul from Hylia. He's coming out against the penny sales tax today. Always love that raw martines. You know what I'm saying? There's a hell of a guy. You don't mess with him. That was from. Yeah. Don't muck you around with him at all. 567, oh, if you don't, you don't mess with a falconer. You get the claw. There's a word that goes in there, but you know what it is. Huh? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. So, you? Yes? Yeah. Can we just vote? No, on both things, the quarter-end of penny? The quarter's not on the ballot. Oh. Either give him, even the give him the penny or he's going to give you the shaft. That's the way it works. Come in. It's like, pick your poison, you know. No, he's not easy. See, they're your, yeah, sure. No. That's it. Okay, we're closing a merrikinalist, if you're all the cool. Okay. Okay. Oh, back home. 567 was something about that he's got nice brown eyes. He said, 567, 0560 and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Never looked into his eyes to be honest with you. He looks kind of out of peeling to me to be very, very level with it. He just, boring. But he's young and he's different and he's fiber, he's the same old crap. Okay, he's own lock stock and barrel. And his whole deal here, merits their on. It's got the same rotten smell that it always has in his town and always will. The stamp of the Harold right, even though they moved out of town, I read her, there's still here screw and things up. Here's a mobile informa, Waterdale, hello. Yes, sir. And you want to talk about, you know, you say the fixed election already. But right now, they're probably messing with the polls. Mixing things up, making it so complicated for people to get through there that people are just going to want to vote, yes, to this whole thing. And exactly, that's what this whole thing is about. In fact, you know, you raise a point. They probably have instructed the toll takers and I don't want to confuse with my good friends on the turnpike that toll takers because they're very nice people, most of them. But the people on those toll roads they're in their county, they probably instructed them to be as inept and incompetent as possible to make sure that this is the biggest disruption these people's lives so that they'll get sucked into voting. And I got them penny sales tax. That's exactly it. They fixed them in election. We don't even know it. Right. Thank you. Okay. Vote early and off. I'm not going to talk about it anymore, but no. Vote no. I will not talk about it again until tomorrow. But what? I mean, the election is like two weeks from the day after tomorrow. It's 16 days away July 29th. The day the CEO is spring book comes out. And if we can only rig the guy damn numbers in the book, the same way they're going to rig the selection we'd be in good shape. We'd have a 30 share. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Neil? Speaking. Good afternoon. How are you? Long time listener for a time call. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't even agree. Did you consider a thin Dutch meat? Yeah. I asked the words about that. Would the assume that pen Dutch meats would have brought worse? You would think, since they have all these other kinds of, every other kind of meat that's ever been invented? Oh, okay. Well, I thought maybe you might want to try and have a since you've already considered a. Well, I mean, I thought about it, but I just don't know for sure that they carry broad words that they have the real thing. Oh, I've considered it. Okay. All right. Well, maybe may want to pursue that. And I hope that you find what you're looking for. Okay. Thanks. Me too. I hope I find the right meat. Always looking for the right meat, baby, because that's what life is all about. Just getting your hands on the right meat and then making sure it's prepared correctly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Second your teeth into it. And pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. Yeah. All new kids out there under the age of 17. You better not be going in and seeing those are rated movies, because then Bubba's going to get really pissed off. And god, all I know is where he'll stick that cigar next. Maybe in somebody's spectrum, if they're not looking out and by the way, we sure hope that wherever he sticks it, it's one of the great cigars. What a segue in the Alliance right, because we love Nick's and Nick loves this show so much. In fact, that asshole and St. Louis, by the way, why did you send a letter to Nick's? They've only had 6,000 letters from assholes like you and Nick still loves us. Here's his face, there's a child. He's seen their early life, but they're obsession with the disgrace. He's saying to solve the innocent take-long for their bedroom, all get plastered with his face. He likes them, drops. Yeah, all that tiny box, baby, fell, they're pumping last, they're a phone stage. Short, Jesus' star, on an old year when he are and if you think down to jail, it's that's okay. Don't just be sorry, Henri, do you think he Martin knew he might just lose a lot of science? Yeah. Because it's getting started, Henri, do you think he Martin? I'm not saying you'll be really less of a man. You don't get this garden on Ricky, Ricky Martin. I don't care how much that he made. You're letting it begin with starting on Ricky, Ricky Martin. I'm not just going to go over here, the plate. What do you see, it's a plate? That damn sack, I can't stand it. I'm about 1 in 5, 60 WCM, I got the award-winning Hank Goldberg Show. By the way, Hank was the employee of the month for May, which that memo wasn't released until June 30, 1999, which was interesting enough to date on the application. And Hank was then the employee of the month for the month of May, which wasn't released until June 30, by Greg Weed. I wonder if that's all about. Nice going, Erhumper. Wake up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, POM, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. See, we have a little pool we take every day. I shouldn't probably share this on here. We have a little pool we do in here. Like everybody comes running into this room. And at tour clock when at Dean News, it starts, you know? Yeah, we do whatever thing we do. We have an office pool to see how many seconds it had there before, where the hump will actually get started. Or they actually open the pot and get them on here when he's over there at Chules. There is our good buddy Chuck, thank you sir. We're sorry that George was trying to interrupt your big order over there, which we'll never do again since the other people are paying. There's our good buddy Chuck from the sub center on the corner of 441 and 190 9th, which is Iv's Dury Road. And you don't have to pay any toll to get there by the way, at least not from here. Here's a mobile and time or time to look. Hey, how are you doing Neil? Great. Hey, good. Stop that. I didn't just get back to make us as Chules. We've got to wait there for a second. What an awesome place. Yes, it is. Off and off and off. There wouldn't want it to be like that here. What would we sure to have all those great, smiling people, young living and breathing people having a great time, spending all their hard earned money. We sure don't want that here to do it. George, it was the heat. The second day right there was 120 degrees. What? Those sweat. Because you're in sign all the time. Well, no, we were outside. I was with a family and everything. You know, I don't know how to explain. I mean, I take the club a child here and I'm what year to 85 degrees. But, you know, 120 out there. Don't feel like more than 115. You're right. Okay, listen, get the new phone pounds. That hit a great time. Yeah, we don't want anything like that here. See where prisoners. Okay, where prisoners. There's nothing we can do about it. We can scream. We can belly. Let's just vote. It's 29. Those of you who live in data can't vote because they don't live there. But just vote. No, 200, 300 times. And then after that, we'll figure out what else we do. About people like that asshole, Bobby Butterworth and the governor, Boots and all these other obnoxious, anxious people. And the people at the herald are just want to keep saying no, to kissinos and anything related to it because it's so evil. Like God forbid those cruise ships should be, you know, docking at the ports of South Florida. Those gambling cruises. What's that? Captain, did I do? I guess he's going to have to swim out to his ships, huh? Here's the Fort Myers for the question mark, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. You know, I just have the luxury of having inlaws that live about 10 miles north of Johnsonville where you get to get brought. Yeah. They smuggled women like cigars when they come down there to visit me every year. Uh-huh. And I've been passing brought for a week. The other thing is, I suppose, I should apologize to you. Maybe that's why George had a question mark on it. I suppose you would keep those sticks by the year or two, go. Right. Are you still using us? No. Now, I need it. I actually never used them. You never used them? I mean, don't feel bad. I appreciate it. But I just never, no, I know that thing of going into ketosis. No, well, that's good. I'm glad to hear you had a good trip. I'm already going into like Catatonia, which is why I come in here every morning besides looking to get paid. Okay, getting on the cubist subject. I used to have a cubist subject. Yeah. I used to have a administrator to your manna who was cubin. What a racist bastard. It was, yeah. I end up getting her fire because the racial remarks. Uh-huh. I never saw somebody so arrogant in my life. Really? Yeah. And if I could just, uh, coerce, smelly. Uh, I appreciate it. Okay. Maybe she knows more of your stuff on. Okay. And then closing the thing, yes. Uh, you'll Scott Plask and your water pressure. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. We got a couple lines waiting for you. By the way, Joe Costello, a good spot there before, but it can't pronounce his name right. No, seriously, you think that because your name is spelled with an A and of an O that's castell, but it's not because you're a candidate. A is never pronounced like, eh, eh, it's always, ah, in a tagging name is Costello. And it's spelled correctly. That's right. I'm just going to need a little information. I brought you back my pictures of Milan there in the Duomo, which only cost me about $75 million to go see the guy named Duomo there in Milan and states that participate in Savoyo Hotel in Milan, which is a beautiful hotel, but very, very overpriced. $7 a piece for a small, co-plight, crazy people. No, thank you. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I can't afford it. And pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. They can be you. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, by the way, I thought torsion of very good job last week. That's the report. I have no complaints so far. No complaints. He musta did a spectacular job. Very entertaining. Listen, there isn't a lot of job. I'll tell you, fill in into an issue. I did this time of the year in his town. He musta done a hell of a job. Well, the reason I'm calling, I was, uh, I was at a dance club down in Kendall a couple weeks ago. Who is this? This sounds like a very, it sounds like Harvey from Kendall or something. No, no, no, no. This isn't a play called. This and I was in a dance club and I was a voice-off from a New York, sounds like rich character. I promise you. Listen, I was at a dance club with some friends. And I walked into the bathroom and the one of the styles and I locked the door behind me. Yes. And I was partaking of a substance that I shouldn't have been using. I was doing something. Glory home. There wasn't cool. But anyway, I was in the style of the door lock. Next thing I know, there's a, there's a security guard on one side of the door lock. So I did something every time I got a green screen. And there's me. There's, these too. No. This is a family scout or. I can just play a cinema that I should have done. God of the, uh, want another side of the channel. This is some different authority like that. And become, like, an opportunity to come down. You came to the right position to be on that side of the door. Look at the other side of theins. Overall, that guy had it confident that got into the house. Exactly. Indeed. Imagine having a car or an oxygompo right on the floor. you're sitting in a squeeze that they're watching squeeze it out there that that does that be careful because obviously these perverts can that watch you do whatever you're doing in there and hey I got a little bit of the priest you got those little hidden cameras fixed up on the other side of the confessional boots now they're having a halve of time I'm sure they are okay don't do it again all right okay there you go that was rich packers been doing drugs what are you laughing about didn't that sound like rich pack that he we had that kind of like you know bad nasal thing was voice and speaking of rich packer you know we have heard from it a long time not that I'm complaining but both your best friend and rich packers best friend haven't heard from him in a long time maybe that carrot used finally overflowed it's safe in my empty house yeah baby baby baby baby I guess you're supposed to know I'm gonna share you rotten yeah baby baby I'm swinging the you know hope you're not a football he is that when I make you who tell me baby because I need to know now because Dr. Evil watch you killed me with my little friend minute me yeah I'll still think it's not being 69 watch has everything yeah yeah hey cool baby shagging song what is that thing that you're eating by the way I don't want to kick you with a mouth full of food what is it it's a chopstick with onions and cheese that's it's takes us wow looks pretty damn good nothing this isn't good this is great for him just you know anyway somebody factors me about the old Hydeberg in four-laterale which I know has been there for about a hundred years on state road in the forks has they got a jelly next door with everything you need and it is you're right it is too far out of my way but nevertheless this will kill some good time as the contentious is search for some of that good meat five six seven we got 600 open lines here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and cutlery to hello yeah sir I have a question for you these people who are putting all these restrictions out for photo ID and you know trying to be the Bible something is the people back in what we call hippies I guess I'm a baby boomer and I know that the people that are trying to impose these things or do you see people that were free sex drugs Moroccan role on these same type of people you mean like Baba yeah yeah well I mean you know I noticed what is it what's good for the geese isn't good for the game right I raise my kids don't do as I do it's it's the old parenting line you know don't do as I do do as I say well as as I did I mean I don't know about you but I wasn't a angel growing up and I learned from that and I'm teaching my kids the growing proper way it is the Bible bumpers not gonna do it I mean sit on it just talk to your kid but all you got to do yeah the idea that because of kid fifteen or sixteen years old goes to see an arid movie that it's gonna change his behavior is so ludicrous and so as to not it's a thing you know so like the people are prohibition you know with blues and then the other guy damn thing you're right and it's like the movie that did just came out with that forget Apple Pire whatever it is the movie is based towards that group of kids that are going through it to a hard time they can help his kids come out you know what you're trying to understand a real hard time yeah that's what I hear right I will go and they'll go back to him thank you anybody see that will be by the way American pie yeah looks good that's right here sounds like my kind of movie five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the mobile one line so let's get a few brought words can go see it here's my me lakes hello my me lakes yes me oh yes sir I want to call you and shed a little light on the Cuban thing well what is that man the Q what is the Cuban thing does that mean the roadblock incidents and something that everyone is failing to bring up or at least I haven't heard it back on the roadblock again I thought that was too weeks ago well I've heard that they're planning other protests and and incidents like that and one thing I've haven't heard addressed is the impact that they have when they come here they are like they just come in swim up on shore okay great thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line I am so sick and tired you know something I'm gonna tell you right now I don't ever want to hear the word Cuban again as long as I live when I was an Amsterdam but here's the word Cuban no in Colone German in Cuban no how about in Milan Italy Cuban no here anybody speaking as funny oh no that's it end of conversation that I don't ever want to hear it again I don't I just I sever myself from it I'm sick of it I'm saturated with it I don't want to see any more Cuban swimming around in the ocean I'm when I'm trying to watch guiding light on CBS on Jan 4 which I'm forced to watch the local affiliate I don't want to hear about it just kiss the god damn ground that you're hearing you're not down there and then let's get out with life okay let's move on five six seven you people like this guy and that woman before it it's calling the white house so wait a while looking over for somebody to be waving in a murk in flag get with it okay if you're waiting for that then you better move to America which you're not in in case somebody didn't tell you already okay you're not in America no and I wonder what does that mean online three what does that mean Korea Korea there was a war there we hello yes sir you're in Korea I'm in Korea how about that this is in Paul here we I'm sorry I said how you doing I'm doing really good well I was listening to you and I wish I was backing my needle out now as bad as it is I wish I was back over there this place is awful what are you doing there I'm doing my job over here working for a percent oh I see and I want to call and say hello see how you guys are doing in Miami and by the time you're fortunate to be very good no we're doing really bad you no matter how bad it isn't Korea you're waiting hello ahead of the game oh you think so it's the end of the world here sir believe me well as you are vision you think different I mean this is really awful over here it's one in the morning over here and I decide to call and say hello to my favorite uh the task show over there can I say there sure anyway can I confirm I really have not been listening to your show because I'm over here can I call somebody to be sure I'm out there so America last time we check go ahead that's coming I let me call Fernando and Omar I do Spag and when you get in back when you get out of here okay and have a great day good I say goodbye nothing like talking to somebody on the other side of the world you know that delay you know like yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got six hundred open lines here today talk about that electric here huh see even an even and something as simple as that they can't do that right in Florida even executing somebody lethal injection even a state like Oklahoma Texas where they have all those redness all those muggles they've been doing lethal injection for years in those places not in Florida Florida we have to keep getting these arguments about his old sparky working right and the nose bleed and was it the the the fire shoot not of his head all the other crap because even something is basic is that we can't do right because this state is run by a bunch of dumb ass crackers is what it is that's what this state's all about a bunch of dumb ass crackers like a lot walk in lot in the way walking do good any more that he could and she could and that love that dead man buddy McKay that they ran against the bush mice to there but your crackers oh Jesus I wasn't that serious it's just the shame they can't tell of these executions yeah yeah I got a 95 sure on that one with the nose bleed that would go over big yeah can you imagine what about fox if it's special that something like a scratch and sniff we can actually smell it they're like for this call okay anyway I don't know why you associate me with rich factor I still can't figure that out because you hate each other like poison I haven't seen the guy in over 10 years yeah since you and Stan were doing back to that show no please don't much in Stan made your okay I wasn't such a good mood up until and it's not for that heavy breathing would I thought it was breathing listen have you ever heard of a doctor by the name of the a dia dama no have you ever heard of the concept of eating for your blood type yeah that's that's another one of those old books that's crap that I got that book you got that book yeah that's up that was out like five years ago I had that sitting around with dust on a somewhere at home what what blood type for you I have no idea I forget well you should find out are you are you would you call with this health kick again I'm in the middle of a nice lunch here you're still not not not not not what you should there's a section there where you talk about why I can doesn't work for everybody yeah and what's the reason well it's just certain but certain blood types according to him if you believe the concept are designing eat more of a vegetarian diet type those which is the majority of the population are meant to eat protein high protein and for those people that works for but for people like me who are type B minus and your type was Z minus B negative no I don't want to be negative I want to be positive well you got to be positive I fear we don't have to be probably nothing but a Brazilian problem you're at the beach you see the I bet you the dressers are busy you see the gorgeous Brazilian girl on the beach you know you start getting friendly whether you try to help her on with a bikini if I know there's a little extra there and let me tell you it happens all of us yeah how bad I can't get in the way I'm not all I have my job though well I hate to admit it for a great job last week how do you like that you really did I actually did not tune him out you're trying to say the other time she's been on you tune him out he gets better every time he comes on he really does great wait till tomorrow he's gonna be sensational have a good yeah he's gonna be fantastic because after this I mean who the only this let's keep those checks coming Greg 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line the famous Paul Harvey Jr for those who have missed and I'll see we don't have any people like that anymore we don't have any of the regulars we have chronic regulars that we don't want but we don't have any regulars that we do want anymore that's all from those days gone by what used to be a lot of fun doing this here's a mobile and coral geobals hello yes sir yeah coming about American pie hilarious movie yeah he basically anything that could have happened to you when you were a young guy anything embarrassing pretty much having to all of these guys in this movie right getting caught by parents making it with inanimate objects I mean just it's hilarious I'm gonna go see it tonight I think hilarious we are I mean guys getting embarrassed that just back and forth there's a great scene with internet clip that you love I don't even want to spoil it for you but I must see definitely okay I'm gonna give you some good stuff brought work and go and see it all right thanks by the way did we take our podium is there anybody in the sun in to actually would admit to liking that crap what is the name of that I can't even think of the name of his artist again the nookie guy yeah lip biscuit I think the lip party's got that part of it right lip as in lame would there I mean so number one selling album in America the first week on the charts replacing the back street boys have been there for like four or five oh no you're all bitter no I'm not bitter at all oh in other words that's why I don't like the music I got news for you oh no I like that sucks that's crap that's the worst spoil I've ever heard in my life I'd rather hear puff daddy than hear that and I'd rather croaked in here puff daddy okay man that is just but anyway like I said you know there's so many black people who are born white and here we got all these white guys trying desperately to be black just just trying desperately and you know something that don't work they can't do it they can't out they do not be a being black other than Eminem the beasties which I think Eminem may have a little a black in him kind of like Tom Green you think he's got a little in him 26 pass no to 560 WQAM let's turn on MTV okay we're gonna go see American pie look a little number and there a lot of here that's what I say on you kids out there don't let your parents already asshole a channel 10 you kids you can't go see American pie because that's right at all okay as in ridiculous just tell him f off and go and see just on the shag off okay that isn't that thanks to Austin Powers by the way so much because now all of a sudden we can say shag isn't that great we can't say the effort but we can say shag which means exactly the same thing but in British which is a foreign language so it's okay and if you don't believe me it's a foreign language on virgin Atlantic I can't understand a god damn thing those people are have you decided to do anything about what the hell are you speaking for Christ six you got them crazy brits give me the this is really good dinner what is dog got dog got is that what I think it is I'm not sure run out of ideas for a sit down meal with the family well head on down here local dog pound make that grocery store and pick up dog they're prepared with just the right amount of cheddar on and our microwave ready just go new and boom dinner for the family can you pass me some more dog that's clean is it just me or is anyone else think anything wrong with this dog got the boy you think about it the grocery they get find some for your family today property one at five sixty w qm we got sixteen hundred open lines now and we one call and we got two calls and a more once for more lander we just had a call from Korea so we're doing great everywhere outside of Dayton Brower but Dayton Brower not to not too good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line mobile and four lot of day hello yes sir hey I want to talk to you about the bright worst as a soldier in our Germany in the sixties I remember those bright words with the round roll yeah and the mustard right I mean they were really good but I've been looking for the meat since 1967 I haven't been able to find it over here years and this guy still can't find the meat I'm sorry you're not gonna find it anywhere yeah you're right I'll have to go back to Cologne you're right okay okay my way I'm leaving right now thank you sir God bless you thirty two years he's been searching for the meat okay I relate to it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's Orlando hello you know what I brought the fresh here if those idiots in southward only knew what a God you are they would be calling you in droves it's as good to hear your voice yes you're right they don't they don't know a good thing when they know they get spoiled I spoke them rotten for over twenty years alright I knew the way about a year and a half ago and I'm telling you ready up here is like right wing rabble it is so pathetic so I just want to say I wish that we could broadcast your show here and maybe I can get a pirate radio station and this far because it blows okay so I have a great life hey hey you come here for what just like a year your voice from other five minutes I mean I have no way to hear your show up here can do it pal oh thanks a lot you'll see you can't do it this is a cheap bottle of it they're not gonna put you on hold for five minutes all the way to Orlando when I that's right was on his dime what an idiot I am now we can't afford to type a line pal we got all these call coming in here like one and two at a time five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line it's I I don't get it I don't understand it I'll go to the course the fact that most of the people live here got nothing to say you've started talking to somebody in a super market or like anywhere they got nothing to say go to a ball game you ever tried to talk to somebody that's sitting behind you and there's no idea of what's going on in the game whatever the event might be especially the hockey game they're all sitting there going talk about stuff totally irrelevant they haven't got the foggy side deal what's going on but they're having a good time and they're making damn sure that you're not here's a mobile and baby hello as a gunna nail great sir you might have like all the double feet people do you have so I do five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line I mine profusely okay I take the greatest exception to your call somebody a douchebag okay you want to call an asshole that's another story but don't be calling people dv here's a mobile in Miami hello hello nail yes sir how many young go to in the county and I I'm just wondering what is that no no just that work keeps coming to mind no go ahead what do you think is the more what what do you think can I want this material extension what what do you think is it's reason I sure let me ask you this what what was the reason you think that he changed he did that question about face on that Mickey Harrison deal with that arena after we got elected largely in part of the promise that he wasn't going to do the deal perhaps you know the people were building huh perhaps his buddies of the people building that's right perhaps somebody's getting smeared somewhere along the way okay because anywhere you got a politician that's this anxious to pull off this kind of a scam and do it as transparently it is reasonably as he is doing then there must be something more than meets the eye the key to the point is that every time merits dear home comes back to be the manager here we get more metro real even if you know even though the first one was a boom dog on a waste of a billion dollars every time he comes back here we get more of the same okay thanks oh where are they putting him building this I'm building what to the metro extension like what what they mayer penises house and the heralds just remember no okay you got it what's that word no an English Spanish no tag in no German nine nine just say nine five six seven oh five in fact quote nine times five and pound five sixty animal one line uh here's higher lea hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing great um pen Dutch meat they have a proud word do they yes they do they do it real first they don't have any of the same as g crap after a couple days if you don't need it in the fridge it starts going bad because it's all real fresh how do you write away yeah oh yeah and they also have the mustard the tamtey something like that it's a deli stall mustard oh that high regular mustard yeah something right from Germany yeah it's awesome where then the uh and a little bit of firecrime you'll be uh 100% German excellent God bless you sir thank you hey wait one more thing thank you time I'm probably the only color online right no you're not okay realign is smoking all right he's smoking the good stuff three Alex Penela no coming near the okay he said full of crap is what he said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line like I said we can say shag and meer double we can't say and like that because that's the American effin what the American shag it away baby how come you got sixteen questions and I want it to's over time see that those are the ones that get me curious here be over town hello yeah yes sir how you doing today okay oh I was just curious I don't need to be to that horse but if you saw the herald what happened in St. Louis when they blocked off the road there uh huh oh yeah they arrested all bunch of people of course they were dark you understand well you know depends on who's in power right nothing I just wanted to say I think it was uh a great thing that they raised the tolls right before this election because now the people are nice and pissed off and fired up good luck and getting a past no I think you're wrong I think that that's the reason they did it what to to get them to make a pass it the threatening that there's gonna be eleven more toll roads if they don't pass the penny sales tax hmm i'm voting no okay god bless you sir and vote early and often oh don't keep saying keep it all through your mind okay oh no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no even him five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we got the award winning Henry Goldberg show it to a clock today thanks bringing in some no dose while it's a middle of the summertime what do you want there's nothing going on all these idiots talking football camp and all that crap and don't be playing any more that uh phony theme okay that phony uh crap you were playing me for yeah that one little more bigger and then it's six o'clock we got the jimmed dog managed yeah until seven forty five he's gonna be the four of the four play for the all star games and we got the all star games seven forty five my got to be watching no I'm gonna go see uh american pie i'm gonna grab me a couple of stiff brought worse than go see american pies what i'm gonna do in fact i understand in the movie that's generally uh all that's going on it's a good idea what going to see that's nice yeah and i think i got ID i can probably pass for like uh seventeen at least maybe eighteen twenty while i keep that's why i keep time i'm old enough and they'll keep right unlike a son of a bitch twenty one before one at five sixty because they keep saying we're not okay no matter how old they are the we're not of course it answered and they have a different outlook on life you can't go to hell off to the short game i got no ten lines i'm no that i am a hot i should tell you you've got my battery for a shirt on and my song underneath looking through the breeze just you dad try but you need to have real down so i lost my right but now the sun is shining in the mirror on a wave and done a stale day gonna all and look with capital on the stand real day at the beach all the sun is smooth out that's the warmer i'm stunning i can't wait now the key needs of feel great the guys say i'm the five i am standing i am flying you know i would have it at the other way hey call forty five five sixty w two and so anyway there's limps biscuit thing that you're all in due if he had a brother named dick who started a group dick biscuit no limps biscuit five six seven old five limps dick biscuit yeah there you go five six seven i think you want to be number one half of he changed his name to that you know we go into the commercial break and we had every line on a board lit up here and i go in with some false expectations and come back and like being being you watching drop off like you know like swatting mosquitoes at the god damn ballpark i understand that you're very highly motivated you got no material but nevertheless it's getting more ridiculous five six seven old five sixty by the way Joe Costello again comes in with another meat report i guess i finally really found the topic that these people are into okay the search for the really good meat i can relate to that and one of the Joe's friends who happened to be a meat inspector said definitely do not let Neil go to one of the places that's been mentioned then i don't want to say it on the air okay he said the place was filthy and disgusting and you don't want to eat the meat from there but i don't want to mention which place he told me do i do you think could i give like a little clue to which place that it was i better not okay let's go to my any hello hello Neil yes any what's going on i want to cover some little thing go ahead uh Georgia blinds Georgia the great job when you're away excellent job is always everybody's ecstatic about the job he did so good that he's going to be starting again i want to clock today so i can go look for some good meat and uh well it's all this and i had a whole bag of uh cassette tapes that i you know just a big bag of uh cassette tapes i accumulate over the the years and i wanted a long trip and so i said let me grab the bag and listen to see what's on the cassette so keep the ones i wanted for what i did you'll never believe what i found i have found cassette tapes of you in uh on zeta back in 1987 and incredible i'm so fully vets you're still as funny now as you were back then yeah i still don't know how even when not the bird the bird when i listen to it i found the bird all right when i was listening to them back then but when i listen to them now i'm like what was he there for you were happy was there for free lunch and about 50 grand a year one 50 grand was pretty good money and uh it was basically you and the word bird were pretty funny but i would listen to the bird i'm like um i mean you didn't have the day for good the bird i was like what what was he doing you and uh specifically i remember one day when you call a new calpon right you remember that yeah oh well yeah so great time i remember he i mean that myself takes what i would call you and i'd be talking to me i was still going to call it yeah i remember that we call loop calpon i think i woke him up and he yeah he didn't like poison after that plus he became a born again uh not great day day hey you've been providing fun in there entertainment when you didn't when you only when those you're doing it hey for the good old bit because you played uh new weeks you open the morning okay they find you have a great day play you know can't go back let's go back to zeta let's go on FM where the real audiences okay this place they want to promote that a lot of this show new week's me let's go on FM what the audience already is anyhow i know the usual you're here man if you missed the new Rogers show yesterday on 610 Wild you missed this as if the bird yeah bird how you doing okay that's a do me a favor play anything because i can't stand listening to you you start like a douchebag do i just do me a favor play anything well can i ask you a question before you go oh god you sound so stupid i hate to talk to you yeah go ahead why did you call me i didn't call you not just to tell you not to say anything just play something oh god can't stand it well then why are you listening i play something already why will you answer oh god stand it you won't see he won't talk to me oh we got a car by the way we ever find out anymore about uh his condition we did all guys said the lesson the better also i look for the orbit for Andy the uh Andy from the uh which i used to i don't want to see what my nickname was for Andy that will be bad what he's bad Andy no i used to calm the whale he was a whale of a guy but anyway i look for the orbit the newspapers i didn't see you know you don't think that we could have been scanned on that do you buy my close personal friend Adam that's two a series of the thing nobody would do that and did that woman ever jump off the bridge yet or when he find out apparently it's still uh it's still going on i'm 595 and 441 she's still holding up the traffic got it all blocked off well what tell them i got to do about that how the hell am i got to get home i got another hour or two i think about it i guess i might be a good day to go sausage shopping jack excellent idea go right up university there John's good to me so thanks for fearswede my close friend Jeff Hanson and Holly would whoever you are with an LA and after searching for years for copies of this finally found two one of which you bought for me thank you Jeff you're Jeff thunderclap Newman something near bobbin looking for this for it never had it i had the record never had it before on CD got it now nobody's getting that out of my hands kind of over no you can borrow what's in the limpo dick uh i don't know copy think got your own disc biscuit this is called from dc hello hey man yes sir listen to yon the net all right i'm originally from Miami living up here now and how do you like it oh yeah it's pretty nice it's uh well i'm in the technology and stuff like this is like uh Santa was a junior up here is it yeah it's pretty neat what are you marching up there though aren't there oh no where i am oh okay you're about here uh dollar fair port no i see you know um you know who's on from they have 11 to 3 something like that 11 to 4 yeah up here you know 11 to 4 or something like that you know the midday show yeah after Howard is G Gordon Litty yes that great you know i i as much as as uh i'm good he i'd rather listen to him i swear to got 10 times over and i don't like listen to him but he's he's um not to yeah i'd rather listen to listen to him than rush but you know people call him up and just ask him questions like they say hey i'm getting married in two weeks what should i do she Gordon Litty yes it's that weird as thing to hear people calling him and asking him advice is they would ask uh and lander uh it's amazing i don't know i did a b and e and what should i do and how do i get off with it yeah yeah so it's good yeah i just need a rag internet huh you've had some net congestion on your uh on your download when i listen to you so i had some net congestion that's how many people are listening to this all over the world your damn right man yeah and that that asshole i'm saying Louis the community but he's listening right now he's got his ear glued with he's squeezing it right now he's so excited yeah well oh my brother Vic he's a dish bag okay listen or not but uh nice to hear you okay thanks for the avenues have a great life thanks i what are you holding oh my good friend bob's so far is on air was just thinking about bob's so for this morning probably because i was watching do the weather on channel four i do bob hey good morning you'll welcome back and happy birthday again oh again oh i mean i believe it but i wanted to have a birthday the day that it was but i was going on vacation i wanted to make sure that the got back to you all right okay i just want to let you know that that woman uh she apparently her last game was to put both legs over the side and lean forward and the police picked up behind her and grabbed her and oh damn i hate when that happens yeah well i and some people were saying push your push your push your yeah that's when i was holding one stuck in traffic right now it was a hit so over so good news for you going home today so we got we got the uh the railway uh mass murder they caught him today and we got the uh the crazy well they're all five ninety five yeah it's a banner year what more could you want okay thanks a lot bob all right i'll be seen there's bob so for one of the good guys on channel for the any other good guys on air just him now what what just happened there see i don't understand you people that a man we get 600 lines all lit up here and i think we're making a little bit of progress we're getting calls from dc we're getting calls from Korea we're getting calls from team with salani we're getting calls from all over the world and then all of a sudden pink pink pink it's like a planko on a goddamn prices right and you wonder why get a little bit paranoid about this whole phone thing we got here about our friends here at the phone company you people of the phone company suck you got it oh by the way all right this is g Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Rogers five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir okay and uh i'm a lucky it's uh truly a she's a group yeah but where do you get him here uh trumpings are a war not it's pretty good it's not as good but if you got a few bucks to me I'll order the real thing okay okay thanks a lot i think what i'm gonna do next time i go to Germany i'm gonna smuggle in nineteen thousand dollars worth of artwork if it's good enough for the governor's wife i guess i can do it too uh if it's good enough for Columbus or you can hide it maybe in Columbus rectum probably would be the first meet that's been in there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty what but that's a sin yeah well maybe she can atone for an et alated date just like the sin in a smuggle in all that crap that she'd bought from gay parry that was probably a sin too here's a mobile in Hollywood hello yes sir i have the hands and she a broadwars problem okay uh old i have a bit of left on uh spirit eighty four yeah somebody facts me that before but that's a long long way for me we got a butcher shop in there that there were still a great experience yeah might be with the rifle we were still the best there was are the best okay that would be a good advertisement campaign by the way i'll take only 10 percent all right thanks a lot pal i'm gonna go over there i think that's a good idea it's fact i'll just go over there and have dinner one night and then stop after dinner and the uh sausage chopper by a whole bunch of crap and take it home sounds real good to me thank you sir god bless you that's a good place by the way at least the used to be years ago about a hundred years ago when i ate in their last time the old hydroberg i'm state what eighty four was you didn't know i don't know fact it's right on the way to roots christ that's a good idea next time i get inspired to go over to roots christ if that should ever happen again after the uh kind of uh in different treatment that i had last time i went but if i do decide to go again what i'll do is stop over there if you want to hide a bird in the market i'll pick up a bunch of brought worst i walk at roots christ and say hey one heat these up for us please and we'll just drink some water okay thank you and we'll take a few of these minutes on the way out they do have good minutes you notice that on the way out hmm killer who's disheartened quarantine the water to the wall inhale But tonight, would I be just a human movie outside? And don't get me, don't make me, But I am not a me, They were the prairie, they were the dogs, And if you had another one, you have another one, And if you would go to the fat queen, And absolutely the county, And we're the youth, And we're the cash with the business, And all the shit that I step into the office, And you have nothing to see. Okay, another full question today, Who's got the better answer? Jennifer Lopez, Brittany Spears, Or Olympic Viscuit, is our poll question today? 567, 0560, Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You're a make a long story, sure, Kenny, the three of them sing what to ever know. No, but be that as it may. I'll tell you another group that I would mention this to you before, And you were like non-commitals, because you don't know who they are. 5, another one of those boy groups, and another one of those ripoff groups. 5, and another new song is like a rap song, Which they can't sing. It doesn't make any difference whether they're their rap at it or a crap at it, Because they can't sing with a crap anyway. 5. Is it on the scale of 500, that's about where their musical level is? And all of them, about that whole group, 5, I would say, And a scale of 2000. Just thought I mentioned on TRL, Backstreet Boys, 7 nights in a row, Backstreet Number 1, How come that girl from Gainesville, by the way, that end-sync bitch? How come that nice, so young lady, Never call this back from Florida, from FU? How come she never call this back? She was going back to summer school or something like that, And given me a big song to dance that I told her that the Backstreet Boys Would be Number 1, this is like ages ago, And sure enough by the end of that week, there was a planning end-sync, Which sucks. And it's still there, number 1 again, Last night on TRL, since now they're all watching the Tom Green Show, Watch an MTV 24 hours a day, And turning off these other goddamn channels. That's what I say, turn off all the other crap, Turn on MTV, and leave it on. Oh! Especially 30 nights at 10, 30, And Sunday afternoon at 3 or 4, whatever they decide to put on, Two Tom Green Show's back to back. Here's Plantation, hello. Plantation. You all how you doing? Pretty good, sir. All right. Yeah, I have two things I wanted to talk to you about. I heard you mentioned about the American Pie movie. Right. You gotta go see this movie. It's the funniest thing in the world. And the great thing about it is that I'm 19, I just graduated from high school last month. Right. And it doesn't crap around about what's really going around on in high school, You know, like sex is so easy to come by. Right. It's not, you know. All right, trust me. Unless you're one of these big dumb chops who is a footballer, Or put a ball through a hoop, you know, It's not that easy to come by, It's a fairly old guy. Let's go see it. It's very fun. I'm going to go see it tonight. All right. The other family thought he about was, you know, I traveled throughout, you know, United States. I went to, uh, you replaced here with my family and everything. And I've never seen any other state country, Panthers to an ethnic group like the Florida government, Raiders to these Cubans. That's absolutely correct. You know, they used to do whatever the hell they want And get away with it. Most people would be in jail if they're blocking traffic. You know, sitting in jail right now. Like they weren't saying Louis over the weekend. I tried pulling that crap there in a couple hundred of them went to jail. That's right. Being tormented by bubbling your jail cell. But then not the Cubans down here. Yeah. I them. Well, we got a foreign country. You know, Dave County has been taken over. And that's why most of the country. United States, you know, Hispanic make up what, uh, Maybe 4% of the voting population. Okay. And, uh, There's an article in the, Yeah, but they, they counted. They make a probably 94% of the voting population. Yeah. The old Cubans, they're only one to vote in big county. You know, I don't know what the validity behind this, uh, This article in the Sunset and it was a couple of weeks ago. They said that Al Gore was actually going to ask, uh, Mayor Pingu to be his running mate in 2000. Yeah. They're talking about it. I mean, you know what I say? I say, well, pack them up. Maybe you know, Chief. That's the way we have to get him out of here. I say, let's do it. And I'm thinking myself, go right ahead. And I'll go out and I'll vote for, uh, George Bush. And he's ugly. Plus two. Right. All right. Okay. Yeah. Let's, uh, I say the way. Let's, uh, just, right. We'll do right in. We'll have Tom Green. This is the choices. Tom Green, uh, Jesse the body of Intura. That's a good start. No more of these goddamn politicians. They're all the same. They're all about your crooks, baby. If not just to cliche, they're all about your crooks. They're all on a take. They're a pile of crap. You only got that isn't a crook. His goddamn tent entity. Because he's got all the money that and plus he's already killed one woman and, uh, done all the crap that he can do. Okay. We love all tent entity boys. He looking old by the way. Did you see him on there with Bubba this morning? They're doing his health care thing. Wow. That fast living tent. He's going to get to you sooner or later. And he also is, what does he weigh? About 240, 280, 130, 40. He looks like Spatboy in a bad day. So did we ever get any more of that? See, I was looking for the orbit on my good close friend Andy. Didn't see any orbit on that. Maybe that was, I don't know. Maybe it was just a hoax. I'm hoping for the best. I'm hoping that I was just, I would rather. I'd rather that's got a note saying, we just, uh, you know, played a little prank on you. And Andy's doing fine. Somebody would have called us say it was a hoax. By now. He's not alive. He's not coming back. He won't be at their first talking in this fall. Come on. No. Please tell me he'll be there. He died. Just say he'll be there. He won't be there. Here's your field, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. A couple things I haven't talked to you. Welcome back to war. Thank you so much. It's so great to be back. Yeah, I can imagine. I'm doing okay. Hey, you got me, Jones, and I was over in Klonjermany. A couple years back. And oh, God, those thoughts that you're right. You know where they have, you have the best, broadwars in the city, at least the ones that I had. Right at the train station. Really? Yes. Oh, God. And the train station, they got a whole bunch of little shops there, you know, little food shops and so on. And there were, you know, I tried a couple different places and there was one that was just sensational. Some of them are a little bit too greasy. All right. This one was just fantastic. But it was truly amazing. You'd walk along these little shops and little, they'd have a little grill at like a haphazard. Right. And then you would just smell that and you'd go in there for a snack. And that would be better when were you there? This was a few years ago and I don't know, I was in the summer time. I've never been in a city in my life where there were more beautiful people in the people in the people in Kalon Germany. You could just sit. They had that one big shopping mall street. It's called Hohe H. H. O. H. Okay. And it's like a closed shopping mall. There's very rich, you know, expensive shops in there of all kinds. And you just could sit there and people watch all day and just with your tongue down to your toenail. It's unbelievable. Seriously. You've been like a glove over there, I bet. Yes. Okay. That's one thing I was going to talk to you about another thing was that I had. I just I'm disgusted with all the way there allowing the humans to block the streets. And I've just never seen like they could have a protest that they want, but blocking the lives of people and dating people. Well, that's what I said. If you want to have a protest that the appropriate place in front of a building somewhere, but not to go out there and mess up people's lives and screw up the whole roadways for Christ. Absolutely unacceptable. And they should be ashamed because we rolled out the red carpet to help them. Yeah. How look what they're doing to us. Exactly. Spitting in our posts. And doing how loud, too. In closing up from my friend's remain that's healing up in Boca. Shameless requests. Nobody rips you back. Okay. Thanks for having me. Okay. It's 9 minutes after 1 at 5.60 WQM we're solving all the problems of the world here today. I think we'll have to clock them. We're going to go out and get some real good brought words. Smoke a little weed and then go see Merkin tied a night. That's good to me. Now that 19 year old young man had called a couple of calls to go to church. It's not all at least easy to get laid in the high school. How do you like that? See that was that big article I had the other day. What he's yesterday in the paper about the Broward kids and about this not as much sex or not as many sex or lack of it. That's not by choice. It's just they can't get as much as they used to. Not by choice. Okay. Because believe me. Trust me when I tell you. Okay. The one thing that they would tell you. I wanted it. You bet. They would tell you that. That doesn't necessarily mean you're going to get it. I wanted it. Yeah. I kept hearing that. By the way, we're going to see him again or not. I guess we won't see him no more. JC. We're not him when you had the first initial right. Oh, the other one. The other one. The other. Yeah. I don't know. Probably not. I've seen him around. You've seen him around where. Around here. Like in the afternoon. Long after you've gone home. Oh, he's playing hard to get. He didn't make it worth his while I guess. Well, guess what? I did a lot better over there. Didn't cost me a dime. Just like always. A lot better. I mean no problem. No conversation. No big song and a dance. No games. No a tease. No, you know. No hairy chest. No. No musk right chest. There was only on a plane. I was only Austin Powers on the Virgin Atlantic plane. New. Yeah. By the time I get through the next couple of minutes, she is going to have to pick every scab off that cute red, puss filled body of her. All right. No. Body. You better. And I. So I'm going crazy on this. Yes, because this has got to stop. You make me sick, Pat. You bitch. God. How is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? Nobody bless you. And I go to the door of the air. You idiot. You asshole. Baby. Well, sing this. You fat, slob. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his hands. Okay. And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt. And he's going to be singing a different tune. I get through them. Only have a longer cord than his piece of crap. Look how short this thing is. You got 100 assholes running around this building. Making fine. Another one besides him. Or, you're not that big. Get it out of there. Go pull it. Corns somewhere. Go do something. Pull what in your case. A good question. Okay. God. Nobody. He's in. Don't start looking. Once again is always the blame fat old kneel for whatever you're upset about. The disgusting nauseating old clowns. Old crabby old fidget. Really? Don't repent you're going to spit hell by those. You're fucking scared. You're a little white open. You're going to spit hell by those. You're a little white open. You're a little white open. You're a little white open. You're a little white open. You're a little white open. There we go. Now we're cooking. What did I just get through talking about? It was old bag. We don't watch you, lady. Okay. Go get some knitting out. Go find some cross food puzzle. Okay. The redway killer. The mass murder. The serial killer has been capturing. Can't you miss it? And the obsober reports that they got that lady off the 595 over past there by 441. What else? What more could you want? Here's a boy. You oughta read this. I don't have time to read it on the air. This poor bastard was coming back on continental from Vegas through Houston. And what he went through? I mean, I could not. She's already blew my brains on and wasn't even my trip. Sorry about that, Ed. What of our listeners out there who made the bad bad mistake of flying continental airlines? Bad move, man. I'm sorry. Yeah, my good friend who comes to the hockey games all the time. The airline pilot said, pup, pup, pup. Yeah, he's a good guy. But he talks about pup, pup. He works for continental. So I shouldn't have said that. But 560, 50, 50. Hey, listen. I tell it the way it is. Okay. I'm not going to lie for anybody. I'm not going to get a lot of money for it. Which I don't. Five and even for these people here. Am I paying me enough to lie for this tonight? No way. Boy, they suck. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 80, 80, 80, 60, 60, 80, 80, 80, 80, 80. You know, I'm debating on the way home with the right shit stop for brought worse. Or maybe like, I don't know. But in a split of basketball and robbing stuff. You know, the basketball robbing is a drive to one on 163 in North Daiden. What? Don't do it. No, I don't mean to ban in a split. I'm just talking about like a hot pot Sunday with nuts with cream and cherries. On, they taste the food they all have. You mean that? That's not that. That's not that. You mean like the one I had about three weeks ago? It'll be no better than that one. Oh, then it ought to be great. That's a good place. Basket robbing is drive through. It's like heaven. And the best part of it is it's only like a few blocks off the interchange there. At 160, 30. So you can drive from there like 30 seconds right on the turnpike. And you hold the Sunday like in one hand while you're paying the tool. How do you like that? All you ask holes you wind competent. That can't pay your 50 said toll in Dave County. I can drive through the turnpike tool thing there. At the Golden Glades, eating a hot pot Sunday for basketball robbing pay my 75 cents. No problem at all and zip right up the old Hershey highway back in the Brownard. No problem at all. It all fart like me. An old buddy that he fag like me. I can do that. And you people out there are sitting around fumbling forward. Fumbling forward and a goddamn change too. Shame on you. I think there are a bunch of actors out there. I think that's where he brought ringers in here. You know, most of the people are out of town right now. It's a middle of July. I think the mayor imported a bunch of ringers here. In fact, maybe all those illegal alien Cubans, they put them all in the car. And they're the ones that are playing all this baby crap by the tool boots, pretending the traffic's all backed up. We're on the mayor, Mayor Pinga. You're not fooling anybody. You piece of turd. Straight to jail. Here's for waterdale, huh? Fort Loderdale? Yeah, they'll. Yes, sir. Do me a favor. Do not go to Penn Dutch. Yeah. The place in Loderdale is just north of commercial and federal highways called Emily's. Yeah. The world's best. All they do is make homemade sauce. It's really. Yep. You walk into the mama pop operation. Emily knows her meat, huh? Oh, it's, it's just unguided. It's the best without a doubt. Do not go to Penn Dutch. It's very, if once you go there, you'll freak out. Okay. All right. I'll go see Emily. Like, thanks. Yeah. In fact, that's the second person that I'd say do not go to someplace. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That's where it's at. Baby, Hank Goldberg's coming up at 2 o'clock today to cover all the heavy-duty sports news. Then about 2, 15, you know, getting the summary of your good stuff. What was nothing going on in sports? Okay. What can I tell you? It's just a really did time. The All Star game tonight is anybody care about that. Oh, we got 655 teams. You do realize, by the way, that teams like the Marlins that have been out of the Erase for like a lot for about two and a half months now. But they still got 70, some out almost 80 games to go. You do realize that, don't you? And like John Henry says, we stink. We don't respect anybody to show up. The team for at least a couple of years is going to be really grow test where it'll lose our ass. So why would you want to go? Why would any person in its right mind go when they tell you ahead of time? Like I said at the beginning of the show today. Like somebody standing on the front of his restaurant saying, the meat all spoiled. Okay. Our freezer unit went out during the night. All of our meat is rotten. You're going to get some horrendous disease. And everything we got in there is spoiled. It's going to taste like crap. We can't afford to lower the prices. So we're going to gouge you like crazy. But if you want to come in and all men, people are coming in. That's what it would be like. I don't understand these people. Talk about lifeless and coolest. Oh, yeah. Well, we got to take our kids through a ball game. Take them out to see American pie tonight instead. Okay. Take your five and ten and twelve year old kids to go see a really funny movie. Take them to go see your Austin Powers. Take them to go see your soft park. Here's a mobile and Cooper City. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I just saw a mayor thing to handing out pay so sound in Miami. Those pay so smoke, sit in those machines. They'll fit in his record and find it then. And as far as as far as ten bucks, you can put me down as the third guy to say, Forget it. Yeah. There is a place called International Homemade sausage and Comerbines. Yeah, I had about the 18 calls in it. Well, that's a place to go. All these people are giving you places. That's out in your neck of the liver. That's one university. It's on university just north of John's history on the west side. It's the whole in the wall place. A Polish guy's been there. He's been making them for years. Did you hear the interview this morning with Jimmy Johnson on the worst team? No. He was, you know, there was a lot of suction going on. I had a lot of TV's playing in my player in the car. Which I had a few more. But he was the Tony Martin issue came up and, and, and, and, and, and, and, I think that's a great idea. He's a great player. If you say that to J.L. and Jimmy said, well, he's, It's only didn't have anything to do with the drug dealing end of it. So he's okay. So I guess you can be a money-longer and play with the dog. He just can't, he just can't feel drug. Yeah. He was just being a China. I mean, you know, he was just doing a laundry number. Right. That's right. And Neil and closing. Cool pie. Don't give me any more work. I'm shfifting out here. Okay. Thank you. He shfipped it over there. Yeah, Tony Martin. You know, look good Chinese. But nevertheless, maybe he's turning Japanese. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See, and that's the only reason that song is popular, because they just keep saying, Stick it up your ass over and over again. You know, and there's certain songs like that. Well, they say nokey a lot. I think that's the only thing that's going to be there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they say nokey a lot. It is in there's one song, which some rapper, which is very big in Europe, which is just back and then they were talking about have it on MTV, and I have no idea how they're going to bleed but out, cause he keeps saying, if. And it sounds like he's saying FIU, which doesn't have nothing to do with here. But he's saying FFIU over and over again. What is that? Is that a word, maybe? No. FIU? He's saying, maybe he's from U m. Yeah, that might be it. FFIU. Probably sorrow about some damn valuable game. Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello? Yes sir. How are you doing? Great. I just called him when you played the bit about Jennifer Lopez. Yes sir. I just wanted to say that ever since she became more appealing to both white and black audiences. It was actually getting she's losing weight man. And it became a she was picking man. Her butt was big but now she got a skinny butt. She's got to get skinny so she can cross her with a both you know what I'm saying. Yeah. But you'll mind up losing that Puerto Rican constituency. They like the big butt. Well see I like yeah. She goes lose me because I'm black. She's all the lines. The Latin guys that you gotta have a big butt. I gotta have a black. I gotta have a black. I gotta have a right. She's I'll see that out of the picture now man. Yeah. Now what about Brittany's Spears? Ah. Nah. That's not me either. Black guys aren't into Brittany. We're not into Brittany man. Yeah. We're not into Brittany. But I mean you can keep playing a bit but it's he's lost. She's she's sister. She did me. Yeah. Okay. All right man. Thanks for the good news. There's a bulletin from the bro. Okay. He's a she's dead. She be dead. I don't know. I've seen her butt lately. It's a sunny ample. No you haven't seen her but you keep seeing the same video over. No no not the video. She was doing some thing on the beach. She was wearing a bikini. I'm gonna stay to the same thing. I said yesterday and again I had magnificent taste and that is that from the neck off she needs serious help. She ain't nothing. Oh I agree. From the talk about her butt. Well you're talking about her butt. I'm not into butt. Okay. I'm not there. I don't care about her butt. You're a butt. Anybody's butt. I'm not into butt. That's a Cuban thing and a sparture thing like this you know bro that was just on her two seconds ago. Maybe that was a lintic biscuit doing a horse. Well you know he's trying to be black. He's trying real hard and he still sucks. Lint biscuit. Yeah that's what I say but a horrible awful. Oh man. And it's embarrassed. She's he's a disgrace. I think it's a them. What? Not a hint. No I understand that but if it's a them you can't say if he had a brother named Dick. You say if they had a brother named Dick. Maybe they're all brothers. Maybe they're all brothers. That could be it. Well in any case. Fuck it in and hold it. Had it go with the king of cock. He's so the boy is on the sanity. If you think we are sex that's a great big lie. Now is that I think like it's a nice thing. It's a nice thing but I don't have a shake. You fight through I too hard my money will go by. Long now to see the child in my eye. I don't want to find fifty w 2 I got to be very bad news by the way. Bad news you know those hockey games this fall and next winter. Andy will not be a talking you were right you were saying he's not gonna be there you were right. God confirmation somebody facts me the obituary Andy Crawl Peter Randy Crawl 36 originally from Pennsylvania died suddenly Friday July 9th. Andy was an Eagle Scott of graduate university of my name is probably a pie cap by alpha known and respected in the automobile business for 15 years a strong supporter of local collegiate and professional sports a great panthers fan is exuberant personality and quick will be sadly missed. It's a lot already got it at him thank you so I already got two copies of it a third one will pull me over the age don't do it. So it wasn't just a hoax even though I know that Adam being a good guy not to Adam or a salesperson but Adam from the hockey games who fact me the thing yesterday he wouldn't do something as tasteless and crashes that but nevertheless you're always hoping maybe it was just a prank maybe it was just an April Fool's day on the 12th of July was an April Fool's prank. No. Andy's dead and Andy was 36 years old and Andy was fat. Maybe I better skip that asking Robin you know what please well I wasn't seriously gonna go to basket Robin's it's out of the way isn't it yeah way out of the way no it's not it's right on the way wait for something new and exciting to come out in the world of ice creamer like another fish food or something like that and what's that gonna be just hold your breath yeah I'll hold it you know you'll regret it if you go well by the way did we get we didn't get one call on you know of course these people have no idea that's toy box which is another group from Finland I think in longer Sweden I think Finland where was aquifer Sweden Sweden like I said they're from Sweden and they're like identically even look like them in their music sense and they're huge all over Europe and but anyway you already heard that and quickly hated like poison I was thinking there's also another huge record which will make it big here guarantee what you would reer not she's from Finland by the way her name is Lenei Marlin is in Ode Marlin is kind of like goes on its comments along you know I want to hear the whole thing but never it's gonna be big trust me when I tell you you heard it first here Lenei Marlin unforgivable list center in the video well anyway here's a lady at mobile in tamarack hello right that's good welcome back thank you so much all these idiots telling you Emily's and all this that A-Moles and it's in pomp and it was on the federal highway yeah Emily Able has got some of the same letters as a nitrate but I thought it's something while you were away there was a picture on the front page of the Sun Sentinel the day after a the boxed execution yeah a mother and mostly wasn't it yeah yeah yeah care if they bleed at every hole but some mother and her two young children six and seven or something route side the execution holding signs up why do we kill people who kill and here this mother dragged her children out it don't know I know is what time in the morning to pray for um the poor soul who's being executed yeah I thought you know that's a great mother there taking her kids out of the middle of the night but uh oh well I don't know maybe we ought to start praying for the kids yeah well I don't know maybe they should stop having babies or oh god a forced their elization sounds good to me well definitely but I have a kid's out of the trailer at that time and I oh no I was gonna have for from winter havens on on how long you get there but right on the far side to the paper you know these kids are gonna be like really messed up like all winter havens like didn't yeah all he would just think he didn't know but also I had a flower delivery to a little miss Britney Spears and I thought of you when she was at the Pompany Beach amphitheater I had a nice flower arrangement that went to her congratulating her on her um first night of her first tour and uh thinking of her OAs love Jay so that may any think of you also yeah yeah well she's a little um I don't know no comment she's a little one she's a little bit country and a little bit rocket roll well they you know they're like well these flowers are for a very special person I'm like well you know everybody's special you know do nothing special to 17 year old dancer yeah with big boobs yeah yeah well she doesn't look as good at first base it is that wasn't that good in person she was disappointing um you know before the makeup everything you know she doesn't look like any other thing amazing what they can do with love would makeup it's just astonishing makeup and boobs really you know yeah we're from Nick Carter too the makeup wasn't bad in those boobs that boobs you know it did it for Nick okay let's have a great day sweeter thanks so can I make a reclale yes you can I'd like to smoke dude join all right thank you sir and how about the bit we'll play that too she wants to smoke dude joins one of each quarter of the mouth she hover out the moon mark music music Ross I smoke to judge, and he after it was, it makes me feel alright. I smoke to judge, he time on me, and through the time of war. I smoke to judge, people that smoke to judge, and then I smoke to mom. Oh my daddy, he wants to meet, he's done to see hard work in man. But mama, he wants to meet, done to see this, he can. Then one day, I let him out, gave me a test. What? Hard work work, and hard work, fine. First take care of him, so now I smoke to judge, when I get up. In the car, I smoke to judge, I smoke to judge, I smoke to judge, when I play the game. And then every 10 thousand points, I smoke to judge, I smoke to judge, in time of free, and through the time of war. I smoke to judge, people that smoke to judge, and then I smoke to mom. I want to give you a test. Okay. That's the mood in the car. I smoke to judge, he wants to meet, done to see, he wants to meet, done to see. Then one day, I let him out, gave me a test. Go open your car, I smoke to judge, who knows, who knows. Come on, go on, go for it Please, take the instructions! Moreole, you electricCAver, I smoke him up, does that make sense? Yes! Oh, she is a officer! are you? Okay, 13.2 is 5.60 WCM. We have a couple of minutes to be previewing the new single by Lipris the Biscuit. Isn't that a name? Lip Dick Risk. Here's what is the St. Johnbury Vermont? Yes sir. This one, the dictionary, got some listeners in the real world. Oh my god. We had a call today from Korea. We had a call from where? A few places. Oh wait, you guys live in a different planet? Yes we do. I'm available. We live on Uranus. Just interesting to note though that the more the wheels come off the your government, the more entertaining it's for us. Exactly. Good work. God bless you sir. I'd say how to ban angrily. You bet. Okay. Well I'm talking one thing that lunch started to work. I'd like to force eat and says, working my way back through you. Remember that song? That's what it's doing right now. Thank you so much by the way. Chuck for interrupting a very busy day. He's a hell of a guy. Chuck over to Subcenter. He's been real good to us. So I'll tell you that. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Mobile and West Palm. 26 minutes and 29 seconds and they're gone and we were paying for it. That's the bitch of the whole deal there. 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my NELO. Hey NELO. How are you doing? Okay sir. I just want to let you know. There's some of this out here. Pistol. I've fired up about this. I'll say I'll stack. Oh you're the one huh? Yeah I'm the one. I don't have a problem with that. But when a guy's filling up his boat and his car to go fishing and putting it on a city gas car or you look at the port scambles. They advertised 136 about how the airport is. The third busiest in the world in the port of Miami is one of the busiest ports in the world. And they can't make any money. And there's not a problem. Yeah. You know what I'm on the flight. And the best part of the whole deal is that as you know, the county and city government are in bed as is the hero of the Mickey Harrison. And most of the money that he makes not a penny of a ghost to the county or the US government or anybody else because it's all registered the other country. So all this year. Yeah but you know, I think it's just simplistic as saying if we had a real newspaper who did some investigating and stopped all the crap. But we never will. Well I don't have it. I think it really starts there. And nobody's looking out for it. You get more information out of the new times reading an article about corruption and data and then you will in the air. Right. And it's just I didn't move the ground. But you know, I do work in date and I run a business here. But I just said I grew up here all my life. And I'm only 33 years old and I eat this sound like an old man. But I say, you know what, just down you should be great. I used to live in Westchester moved out the candle. It was a great town. You know, it's sad. Go down drive. You haven't driven down a street in a while. Oh my god. It's over. And you know, people. Oh, it's really bad. And it's just it's not getting any better. And people. How much can people spend? When's enough enough? You know, it's just simply. When is enough enough? I'll see you on county line road. Yeah. 10 till 2 at 560 WQM 560. We got one guy there. It's pistol fired up. Thank God for that. Don't forget, just say, tell all your friends. No. Don't roll you off. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. Just like Lintick. Biscuit would say. Even the name of the group. You know, Lint biscuit. And then what is that? Tell you how bad, how really and truly bad. And George likes that. Doesn't that tell you everything you didn't know about his music about your taste? awful. You like that toy box. Yeah. Well, you know something. If you saw this video, you, you, I mean, it's a novelty record. Okay. They've even done a remake of the witch doctor. Not toy box. It's some other group. It's only. Exactly. Yeah. I'm going to bring that into tomorrow. If we don't get a lot of calls tomorrow, I'm playing the guy damn witch doctor. Oh, e. Oh, ah. David's a filter and over in his grave. I like that toy box. I hate to break the news to you, but Europe is so far ahead of us. Not just the music, but of course, and everything. But newsically, I mean, you're like light years ahead. Like Aqua. Aqua was big here, which, and that was also, I'm not saying that was a good record. Barbie doll, but it was cute. It was a novelty record. And the video was good. It was well done. Well, this is similar almost exactly the same, but better. And Lenin Marlin, you're telling me you didn't like you loved Lenin, but even as eyeballs were rolling, but he didn't want to admit it because I'm the one that I brought it in. And he'd be admitting that maybe my taste wasn't as bad as he usually claims that it is. Plus, the back street boys are just tearing him up all over the goddamn world. I mean, just.