Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. It's awesome, Neil. Call 567 about 560 toll free in Miami-Dade and Broward, or Power 560 at your softball. The opinions of Neil, his guests, colors, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. The Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QAM. The Friday, you best build. Almost vegetables are more popular than ever before. And that's why TVS has compromised and whole sexualized to really pricey sports you're doing by your this weekend. Something new. Enjoy a classic love story with a Midwest. It's William Shakespeare's time was tail. Romeo and Juliet. Romeo. Where for art, Romeo? I'm writing. I'd be too aware. If I'd be high-viewed, you'd be at places. No. How's that? Now I can sit and out, no one. 7-3. TVS presents one of the most often, almost everyone I've ever had. I've been home all night. I've come to be the king. And who are you, Clive? I'm your queen. I've been home all night. Don't visit this Sunday. And next week is John Wayne in the company. And the children's classic adventure. Home home alone. TVS, your entertainment alternative for alternative. Well, here we go again boys and girls. The overhead speakers ain't working this morning. Nothing is working in here because you don't want to know why. Because it's the U.N. The Q.A. I can't even say it. I can't even hear myself think. That's what it is. We can't hear that anyway. As the technical disaster continues, I understand yet, by the way, does anybody think I was here yesterday? No. No, I was not here yesterday. Was it tape? What is that? The temporary what? That doesn't work in here anyway. It doesn't work on this board. We've tried that eight million times. And now that the whammy people are not here anymore with a little speaker we used to use. Every time this was happening, we would have it. There's no overhead at all. I can hear nothing. But hey, let's hear it again for the technical incompetence. If you in this room actually wasn't great, but we finally headed down almost to a bad science for a while there. And then they decided, oh, well, let's put all the other people in there for a week. Because Greg reached in a big ass hurry to impress the Super Bowl assholes from the NFL. And they potskied around with air beef piece of equipment that we've got. And now guess what? Nothing works in this joint. Absolutely positively. It's just an opportunity to do round the big. That's the worst in there. I hope you can hear that because I couldn't. This is this is beautiful. This is just exactly what you'd expect. Because Greg region a big hurry. See, I'm in a big hurry to get my bonus check yesterday, which I was out with sick ass today. So I'm assuming it's here today. Is it here today? No. Because it was due yesterday according to, you know, the legal deal that we got isn't here. No, that's just your money. Don't worry about that. But we got we're in a big ass hurry to impress everybody. So like yesterday morning, we had the disaster with the guys outside out on remote, losing line 500 times, putting on ESPN radio or whatever hell I was. It is totally absolutely unbelievable. And do we see an engineer anywhere inside? Oh, he's on his way. I can't hear you. Don't you understand? So you're talking to me, but I can't hear you. The audience can hear you, which is great. Audience can hear George. Which is good. So I have all kinds of stuff to pass along. First of all, condolences to, I mean, just about everybody. It's horrendous week. Our good friend Marie from Wayne Arnold's past away yesterday. Very prematurely great guy. Our condolences to his family. Kevin Kitchens might ever knew. But I knew of who was a J&O for your average at the RMF for years. J&O's FM. And then was over at the EAT. 39 years old. He's dead. Unbelievable story. And when I'm here and you know, this, I'm sorry, but this is just the unacceptable is what this is. I feel like I'm talking to a goddamn tin cup, which I might as well be. But hey, it's the, like I said, the QAMF and Wayne, we just continue with this technical incompetence. Can't find an engineer for lover money. Because this studio doesn't count for anything, okay? It doesn't mean anything. We're just window dressing here. And so the amount of, the amount of involvement, the amount of care, the amount of technical concern that we've had for this studio. Since they're busy parking while with all this other stuff is none. Zipady do does zero. Let the other guys come in here and screw everything up. But do we get the engineer back down here to fix it? No, put it back together again like Humpty Dumpty. No, can't do it. Can't do it. And finally, when I'm starting to feel better, because I finally actually went to a living and breathing doctor yesterday over Cleveland clinic. My good friend Dr. Pasco and Yuck, who got me off at Adelaide. And I'm thinking of myself, you know, I just might be out of the woods. I'm feeling a lot better. I don't have all that flush in my push. And I come in here and all of a sudden, I don't think it's an allergy to Adelaide. I think it's an allergy to this place. It's got to be. Because I've been doing this for about 600 years and I have never, I mean, we've had all kinds of technical problems over the year. I've been through it all. You name it, I've been through it. I've gone out to broadcast high school sporting events with no goddamn phone line hooked up like an hour before the game. And still, I did one broadcast high school football game standing on top of a car. Many years ago, I don't think I'd be wanting to stand on a car in my flat shape today, but nevertheless. So I've encountered every kind of technical disaster you could imagine. But this place has got a special place in my heart, man, because they come up with stuff that has never been invented. Every single day is a major challenge, even though that we're all one big happy family in the same building now, they just can't get crap on the year. What are we doing? Where is the end? I don't know. I'm asking you a question because I can't hear you anyway. He's what? There's something we can try like what going home sounds good to me. Sounds very appealing to me. And they're going to have my bonus check. How do you like that? Which was due yesterday. Yesterday was 10 days after. 10 days after the numbers came out. Is it here? No. Second, how many times did I roll for you going through this? Every single time you see when Greg reads that, his fingers, then we got to get everybody in a thing upstairs because he got to impress the NFL. But when you have a contract with this man, when he actually owes you money, he has some bad obligation. Wow, I will get around to it when we feel like it. Absolutely unbelievable and unacceptable. And you know something I'm starting to get that flashback again. I felt so great. Like 15 minutes ago. And I'm starting to get that flashback in my pussy again. How was out of the woods? I thought Jesus, he's a Christ in Joseph. After eight weeks of misery, I finally got a doctor that had some idea what's going on. Give me a different drug for my blood pressure. No flash, no mess, no mess. And here we are with another technical line where this morning. So in any way, a lot of people I guess thought that I was here yesterday and George has the phones were ringing off the hook, which I have no idea why. Must have been a pretty damn good, the set of tape anyway. 7 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQAM. Among folk music's greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary. But before Mary, there was pause. And now, case bell records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marley. How can it slip to his sex or see y'all? He has made everything I agree. Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world. But my dad, if someone had ever actually heard Peter Paul and Marley. Both the magic guns and your theory and if you've bumped into the John you're probably a sea. Peter Paul and Marley, every song strikes a core, every song warms the hearts, and every song contains the words John and I read. John and I read the lyrics with the endless art of the music. You're just welcome, you're much, just be it, John and Peter I read. Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley. Before it all goes up and smoke. You've taken the spoons of cinnamon and two of the egg whites. I have a stick of butter. And now it's getting sticky all in a bow baby. Stir with a wings spoon. Mix in a couple flowers. You be in the hands of the sun. Say, and about to have a scene about a big and salty and brown. Can you have a needle quick? Pitting me up, just taking my balls in your mouth. Ooh, got to go my chocolate, chocolate ball. Tick it on your mouth and suck them. Got to go my chocolate, chocolate ball. Get a fast photo of my lunch and good for you. Get a fast photo of my balls. What a couple of unsweetened chocolate! And I have a cup of raspberry. Just throw it all back into a sugar. And just to finish up my vanilla. We're the trickiest yee. From the hate with my balls stick. If it's free, he's the other one to free it's easy. And give up for the lead. Say, and about to have a scene about a big and salty and brown. If you ever need a big, tick me up, just take my balls in your mouth. Get a fast photo of my balls. What a minima, do you know? Get a fast photo of my balls. Get a fast photo of my balls. Get a fast photo of my balls. Hey, wait a minute. Who cares? You know like something's burning. Where I know for fun, you know. Now I get down with you, don't fly. Have you ever get back in the kitchen? Because I got a sneak in suspicion. Oh man, baby. Baby, you just burn my bow. Come on, my bow, look on it. Come on, my bow. Come on, my bow. You just burn it. What the wild omits? Come on, my bow, my fingers. And I'll be on the ground and do something. And boom, suck up my chest. Get a soft gizball. Put a million miles back in the second. Hell for my baby. Let's do my job. Get a soft gizball. Put my belly. Go. Oh. Put my belly. Put my belly. Put my belly. Put my belly. Baby. Put my belly. Put my belly. Put my belly. Put my belly. Put my belly. Whoa. Come on, my bow. Get out of my neck. Get out of my neck. Get out of my neck. Yeah. Fantastic team at 5. Safety W.2 and so anyway. We're going to do the Eorogishore today. Excellent live and not on tape. And I have a whole bunch of people on here or I can talk to you. The only problem is I can hear them. So I can't take any calls and I could see during a pup pup pup pup pup like her for four hours like that. But guess what? I'm not going to go see during go pup pup like that because I can hear myself think. Because our overhead isn't working at cause like I told you a minute ago. Nothing in here works the way it's supposed to the way it used to before they decided to use this is like the guinea pig while they were putting the big bombs rush on. Again for the benefit of Greg reading his ego so we could look good. Everybody wouldn't have to put the NFL people out there in the other building and see the toilet over there in Sheridan Street. Here's just one more example of the QAM-lay baby. You can do it the right way or you can do it this way. The absolute positive, bush leg, wrongest way that any idiot could think of in the world. And like I said, you know, we're sitting here with we've got those grass in there. The fat boy brought us with the ratings on their show in many of the hours double. What the other morning and afternoon drive put together and then some. I have what I have point to spare. Not to mention all these spots on the log. I can see a sense here in midday and spider this place. But what do we get do we get even a minimal amount of input we get a minimal amount of assistance from engineering from the program director who goes up and down the elevator up and down. There he goes up and down he's the up and down PD baby. Used to be he's over there or PD but now he's just up and down the old shaft up and down it. That's his thing. If you need me I'll be up there need you for what. What has this man done for us in the last 13 months and five days. Can you name one thing? Oh, he's done for us. That he can facilitate and he can get done that he's involved in making sure that we put the pieces of this puzzle back together again after we had all these people touching around in here after we had big fat slabs, slaughtering chicken the livers and goose livers all over the guy named board and in every piece of equipment in there. Nothing. I just say you know we don't understand what's the problem. We have no idea I guess I guess what we ought to be doing is let's just go out on 441 talk still here us. We'll still be on here we'll get to spots in we'll just go out on a road and talk. No microphone no studio no equipment no board. They just don't get it. I mean when I tell you that even the most basic elementary things that that happened with broadcasting this company doesn't get you're you're you're laughing you're thinking like I'm exaggerating. I'm here roofily today to tell you that I'm not exaggerating even a teeny weeny little bit they just don't even get it. They don't communicate they don't get involved they don't fix stuff that other people screw up and get broke and the bottom of the set is part of it is they don't give a crap. They don't care nothing you can say or do will shame them into changing in any way shape or form. What are they running about worried about right now they're worried about the ratings part of it going to be thrown. They're going to have a big party oh yeah they're going to have a big party to celebrate the ratings which on this station the only ratings we had that we're in the talk about we're here in midday. Am I going to be there at that rate is party and the other thing that they're going to have the party for is now to congratulate themselves on the great move into this new build. We'll just be what a great piece of work this has been. Seriously you see sat there quarter to ten I felt better than I have in eight weeks I was out of the woods I didn't have the flush in the push I thought Jesus Christ that you know I went to see like a real back to yesterday. I got off the antelat thanks to that lady by the way to call me weeks ago about the side effect of antelat thank you sweetheart. I think you may have been right I think although there you know it doesn't get out of your system in one day when you've been taken it for two years. So evidently there's just enough left in there for the stress of this place to like start the you know the old flush again I'm flush in it yeah. Who is that who is that standing in the door I can't hear you anyone who was it. Loft doing what. He has my bonus check oh all of that great. Like I said I've always come to two for us. What you're laughing about what I just said a minute ago. Yeah I said that. That goddamn jackass with a bad haircut he always comes through for us. Like that's supposed to compensate for this you know I mean we see I don't understand it's all ever be time they do something that they're contractually bonded with like the day that he finally brought you the bonus check regweed months after you were screaming and yelling we had to make a joke out of it. And then they paid me money that was passed do for like three months of the money the attorney and I had forgotten about and it was like gee you on grateful basket once you kiss our ass now actually paying you money that we owe you. I don't I don't get it I don't understand that you get it. I don't understand it. We're paying you money that we owe you you should be you know and it's only like a day late and you weren't here yesterday anyway we probably would have had it for yesterday. It's just unbelievable just astonishing. And he's standing in there with a smile on his post like this is there's something I'm using here this is not amusing this is pathetic I don't care if it check if the check is got like seven numbers and yes. Then I'd be excited that check isn't going to change my life. Okay, I'll take it and ain't going to change my life and it would be hell of a lot more by the way at the other day parts were pulling her goddamn dig fat wait not to mention a name. Because that's cost in all of us money to but nevertheless like I said let's have a ratings party celebrate. Let's have a big party to celebrate this tremendous move that can make Greg read feel like a real big shot with the NFL people. Even we walks around looking like he just caught out of the sack from p and lumpy. We didn't even a worse Roman haircut than our program director that fatty Roman haircut you know that the Louise McGill had for about two minutes till you know after he did that haircut that's when he started running around all these chicks put on his big act. I got married six times in the last two months Louise McGill any still ain't full of nobody is he. No. No. But you know I'm just sitting here in a vacuum I feel like I just want to sit on a floor and just there off of the space. Okay, so let me just answer wasn't here yesterday. Sean Burke what I came on Wednesday not didn't mention that the panthers pound at least five to two although they didn't really pound him was four to an empty net goal and it really should only been three to because the one goal at the you know. But we don't complain like I said the panthers needed the game order and leaves Paul Valberius kicking ass but Sean Burke again play just unconscious least didn't look bad. But I want to tell you how dumb some of the people are in that arena. If you stand around and listen to the conversation then you know that we don't have any hockey fans. I went out to take a leak in the middle of the second period. I come back and of course the action's going on so even though my seat is very close to the step and I can slip down there I you know don't want to piss off the ashore I stand there waiting till there's a stop and to play well there was no stop it for like four minutes it was just wild action. Most of it in the panther ran at least are shooting and Sunday and got three or four chances and Burke is playing unbelievable is making great save after say and two assholes are standing behind me and one guy's going. All of that Burke use Columbus so you see that game against Dallas those greasy goals he learned in the meantime he's making saves that haven't been invented yet. Then the game is almost over late in the third period most of the rest of there it's four one panthers at this point and a guy who sits in our section. Which I don't know this guy's name but he's always there who I thought might have some clue about something but I should know better. He gets up and he's got a big smile at the face he's walking out he says to me, I guess the make police are what they used to be honey. And I thought to myself. He's an asshole. They aren't what they used to be because I think yeah thank god they're not what they used to be. They got like a real team this year. Oh, but they played a bad game against so I guess they're not whatever that means. Another typical comment you'd hear the macarina and by the way slowly but surely I see on the news last night I'm at the track channel serving and I get on the news channel and here's a story about they they're showing the cups. The cup holders on the seats in the macarina. In the upper bowl only by the way don't get your hopes up if you didn't a lower bowl like I do and the upper bowl they're taking away the cup holders because the seats are too narrow and too. And because they've had too many complaints. Now there were seven goals scored that game on Wednesday six of them down at the shoot twice in course you could see the one we have to admit by need a martian. Yes, that we could see six goals scored on there did the red light go on that we could see for any of them. No, no. Are they ever going to fix that? No, they just don't care like I said. But slowly but very surely since it's now out of the second half of the season some of the people in the upper bowl I guess some of the ones that sit in those like see those baby seats for people with a very tiny back bone. They're all that. Yeah, they're finally taking the cup holders away because it's just too congested and too small and Wayne's got to squeeze his many bodies as he possibly can in there you don't understand that though you know. So there's no point in putting these people on hold on me you know from Jamie lost that we had 80 million colors on there and George tells me the phones rang off the yesterday during the tape. Which I find astonishing what was that. I can hear it to the you think it may I can think I can hear it through the glass if you shout. Did it really about what. No, I'm sitting here doing a four hour monologue because I choose to do that we have no overhead the calls we hear the colors in this studio on the overhead speaker. That's the point boys and girls I can't take any calls because I can't hear the colors and we can't use headsets in this board because they don't work. We don't have any that are compatible we've tried 80 million times or whatever the problem is it doesn't work. Now back when we had whammy in here if we're no it remember I used to say that I was to say gee that rude the day that they're going to leave believe it or not because then we want at least have the people with a little tiny speaker that used to come. They every in this happened several times while they were here during the several months that they were here taping. And this thing would go out which of course has never been fixed properly and just keeps going out over and over again because it's the be the way way with the cheapest crap that money can buy not to put like a real studio and here with real stuff that works permanently. Make shift horse ball crap. But we don't have that little speaker anywhere we don't even have a make shift little speaker that we could hook up so that I can have like a temporary overhead just as a backup just in case we have another situation like today. So the technical amazement and embarrassment continues what's so but that check that he walk out of there with a re-luff it there who was holding it like a wood like he wanted part of it or something yes nith it smell it. Yeah smell that. By the way way to you they hired in this place and also we have a top of the park spot on here talk about in it. Last night at that rich and I were at the track. We do have a spot later so I guess I mentioned the fact that they're open for simultaneous and Sunday afternoon now. I mentioned that later and they also have that big hundred and twenty five thousand dollar race on February 27th featuring red bow tie do I have any information on that by the way. No, no. No. But I just have to see their last night and since they're my close personal friends there, I thought I mentioned that. Since they're my longest any sponsor, but they refuse to give us any information. And by the way, thanks very much Ted, now for having all the windows on our end closed last night, no betting windows at all on our end in the clubhouse on the sixth floor so you had a way you know in fat rich is a limp in around like you know on a bad knee. Just it's just amazing the way things are done in this town it's the Florida effing way of doing business I've been telling it for a long time. It's like hey you know why don't you just dummy up we don't care we're not trying to succeed we're just bubbling our way through that's the way it's done in Florida mister you've been here a hundred years and you still have. A hundred years and you still have a learn. 1028 is five sixty w q a you know. It's day. You love them it's raise your on tears you cherished in this raise your on. Now 17 times any winning and 38 times Betty Ford residing Kelsey grammar is delving into uncharted territory with tells the grammar things very white. If you don't mind my saying so I feel that you're low far exceeds that which I can get enough of. Or so it's not a conclusive by thought with the proposition as it were. Oh you're no. I cannot get enough. Not since William Shanders Lucien the sky with diamonds and Pat Boons 2d fruity has there been such a torrid just the position of an Anglo oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic rendering. Pardon me man but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on. Oh yeah my moto is working. These guys think it is. Plus if you act now we'll throw in at some additional charge of pre bonus track of Mr. Grammar's stirring rendition of ice case. Shast. What you happen to be a figure to the knowledge of who that African-American tech reviews for whom many of the young ladies have. Emmer's feelings. Oh yeah. So you're done. So get Kelsey Grammar sings very white. He makes very white. Very white. Oh I really got my foot rule. I'm not going to know. Watch me work. 1033 and 560WQM your dead station for the nine. These have realized the engineers whatever we got is overworked in their hair late at night and they're posky wound upstairs because where we was in a big bum's rushery for this. But like I've said before in the meantime what do we get down here? Anything? No nothing zero zippity do da. Nothing like we don't exist. Like let's just hope for those cross our fingers. Hope for the best and hope that all the stuff that they undid down there during last a week and a half. Hope that all just hold it together. Get out of the Scotch tape. Get out to La Pages glue. Get out the crazy glue mama and just to hope it all kind of holds together. And we could put on some fact similarly of a radio show or radio station here and just just unbelievable. It's unspeakable. Here it is. It's 1035. Have we seen a hide in her hair of an engineer yet? No. I got my bonus check in my pocket. There you go. It's all there. It's all there because it's all from the 10 2 from the show is what it all is. Yeah. You follow my drift. Which by the way, speaking of 10 to 2. Fat boy brought me more than a grab his 25 to 34 men. See if you look if you look hard enough. You find a story. I've told you that for years. If you dig a rating book even stations that barely are on a year they'll find a story. Old lepers, you know. Old letters. Then 25 to 44 hispanic number one. 10 to 2. How do you like that? Now 18 to 24 they hit me like poison. And of course I don't believe that they just won't put it down. We're number 10. And 18 to 24 hispanic very weak. And then you look through and let's see. Men. What was the other one? 25 to 34 which is a good demo. We're number three. So we're kicking ass. We still got all those picks out there. But if you look at men 50 plus according to arbitron. We are tied to the about 10 other stations where they. We have none. We don't have one Spanish. Let's see. It says a Spanish Hispanic or is no descent. We don't have one over the age of 50. Listen to the show according to arbitron. They couldn't find one. There wasn't one diary of one old male spick. Listen to the show or admitted that they did it. So the younger they are and the older they are in between like 25 and 50 were in good shape. But the real young and then the real old. Of course the old ones are busy. You know, down a domino park. What are they listening to? Number one by a mile. Radio Mombino speaking lace. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. To help him put a lot of crap. Non stop. They must bring in. It's like the old farce, you know. Like the old farce and cemetery village. Just when you think you after enough years you've survived the stone for enough years. And maybe most of them have died off by now. They bring in bus loads. They bring in crapploads of men to replace the ones that died off. Never changes. So anyway, this Kevin Kitchens thing horrible story 39 years old. And you were telling you that and of course we can't have a conversation about this because I don't want to have a conversation screaming through the the thin wall the paper thin walls in a window. But evidently he had had hard problems went for a stress test. And when he went home after the stress test is when he started having all kinds of problems. He was supposed to go for an angio plant's plasticist that morning didn't make it. Did. But at any rate the stress test. I just want to give you I don't want to interfere with people's medical stuff. Okay, especially after this problem I've had for eight weeks. But I do want to tell you this the stress test when they you go for the stress test all these cardiologists who love that stuff. Which cost the normal length by the way if you don't have medical insurance. You go for the stress test. One of the this claimers they make you sign is a paper that says one of the side effects is sudden death. And I'll never forget because I went to that is really piled back to the guy the cardiologist that was taking the EKG every time I had a. We kind of farted and wasn't the right flavor he had to take another EKG which built up to build real nice and pause he was hoping open to find something. Because that that be especially. But that stress test what they basically do is they put you out of treadmill and you're like. Coffee and puffing and they got the while come on you can do a little longer little longer and then sometimes it's all you said. What are the side effects is possible sudden death. From the stress that in fact you know something I like in working at WQ on my like it. Work like in working for this company to taking a non stop stress test. Like an endurance contest how many barriers can we place in front of you and how much stress can we inflict before you finally just crack before you just. Haven. And it's amazing how I just did 15 minutes I went from feeling like I had gained 20 years on my life to feel like I just lost it back and then maybe another five or ten. I see our engineers in the building that's a good sign now what's going to happen now what's going to happen next. Look I can't yeah right up I judge is Georgia is doing more so he's doing pandemium and it's not that yeah very quietly that's because I can't hear him. Okay let's take a break and continue rolling long signal song is the investment never stops here at five sixty wqm like I've told you before Virginia. We got no competition we got a free ride we got clear sailing out there on the AM band nobody else in English has got a number that you can even check your thing at. And we still just can't get it right because they want to do everything the chief the beasley greed way man cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap but they found money somewhere to hire that thing upstairs. Huh the thing. Do you know which one the thing you told me about this morning about a fat boy is class compared to that. And by the way speaking of fat boy jf i he was into this morning and I'm going to tell you all I've just heard steps and I heard. And I knew it was him in the hall and I can't I can just barely even hear that but that was him. I guess they must have had a meeting and it must have said you know there's a lot of bizarre people out there let's go out and hire. Oh sorry like I said a lot of those are people let's go higher are you staying right. And they are. I mean this latest addition to our staff which they can't afford you know real equipment they can you know make the commitment to really get a more engineers in here so these guys are working 28 hours a day. But somewhere along the line they have money to go out in the higher. All of these things that they find on the street. People that you wouldn't even let near your home forget about letting them into your home you if they were like within a two block radius you be calling the police the FBI the secret service the White House. You'd be calling what's it John wall shun America's most wanted what what do you laughing about I'm serious. Hey we just hired a new one assistant for a water not you know something I think that's a good match though I think I'm good along swimmingly. Oh. 21 before 11 is 5. I'm not a girl. Bill's the cause of my neck hurts the China. All right. You let out a gigo when he makes him with your money guys not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well he don't know where a stove he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and you did or. And then I can saw the term senior box means saw her naked. And then he was working hard late night in the overreof it working on a practice of Joe. It's a massive noodle for an exploding lord in for Monica was flowing with the snow. Bill's the cause of my neck hurts the China. You let out a gigo every time he makes him with your money. It's not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Oh people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the linking bedroom she worked morning morning. I'll go and her with bills those bombs. Bill's the cause of Monica's vagina. She let out a gigo every pregnant time he makes him with your money. It's not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Oh yeah. What you got to do is take a tip of it. Yeah. How is that possible? How is it possible we tried every kind of headset that ever has been invented plugging in the Mind of this headphone jack here has any one of them ever worked. I think that's our poor questions for the day. What's going to happen first will a disconnect to life support from King Hussein or will we get the headset down here that I'm Supposed to be able to hear stuff so that we can actually take calls into a radio show. I mean we're all to kill the first hour. I mean, brought you to destroy the devastated it. Not that these people care of course. Seriously how big of a project is that? What is it in tail? What is it we're going to have a head phone that plugs into the board in there with a long cord and then they're going to slip a headset in here while they're trying to figure out the other's problem with the overhead. Why is it that the headset will work in that board but it doesn't work in this jack? Is there a common at why doesn't it work in this jack? Oh it's voodoo magic. Maybe sunny fox brought it over from just that regular old magic. The voodoo magic because it's not like 13, 4, 11 o'clock. This is like when Hank was out there at the you know when they were trying to give him a heart attack out at the NFL experience at the near death experience. When they had a rush into the hospital and we're going to slip it a lot of there on a groovy. Yeah that's what this you know I'm reading about all these other people dying now. Our good friend Murray from my novels he's dead Kevin Kichens 39 years old from EAT he's dead King Hussein and even now he's going to be dead. We're not talking about old old people we're talking about you know living and breathing people dead. And these people are like this is their area of expertise is like putting you in your grave or the next best thing to it and God they do a good job. It's gone great you even know how to do it. How many times have I told you this? So you're you just you're just in denial you're just in denial. I've tried telling you a million times about sir I got everybody in this building peg the was science right out of a science. I've never I've been in this business 6,274 years I've never worked anywhere anywhere where I've had so many people that why won't talk to them they won't talk to me because they're just too many people that don't belong in here. How many people are you like even real people. How's that is it working the head said or not. Oh it is working on the way you look there for just a second at the oh boy. Oh boy plug the plug the keep in mind folks okay the the board is in the other room we have a head set with a long Corona extension on it and we have it plugged into the board in the other room which now we're going to pass it by boop is around the corner and through the hall and down the rosemary's house. But that was the idea trying to get even all looking at us. Guess what it cuts in and out. But I guess if I just don't move it it'll be just fine there you go you have any idea what this sounds like. No no don't turn it up and don't do anything with it because if it's any like it sounds like crap. But hey now we can take some calls okay let's go. Seriously I sound like about like some kind of a two year old retard like that guy that they hired up upstairs that creature the new creature in a building. Seriously I want let me just give you a little piece of advice okay if you are desperate for a job and you look like you just call out of us out of a dumpster. If you look like the most desperate creature on the face of the earth that not only couldn't get hired anywhere but that nobody would ever speak to. Come over here they'll hire you in two seconds. Oh you're hired and you might actually get paid before anybody else because they like that they gravitate toward it. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. I mean all the while that we've been here these monitor levels the overhead level it's like they're either almost off or they're like blasting and it's like air me everything in here they say and trying is uncapposki. And now look at all the calls we had on there before not 10 before 11 o'clock I give them numbers out and I got two calls on there because we're dead in the water the show has been butcher murdered somebody ought to be in jail somebody ought to be getting ready to go on death row. For what's happened to the show today. 567560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Neil yes sir are you doing buddy great. I got a pretty cool story that I don't know how true it is but I'll tell you anyway. His cousin flew around with Monica Lewinsky like five years ago. He told me that they he got her naked whatever they were you know fall around and he told me the stench once once you got naked. And I wasn't was though Josh Friedman you confused okay you're confused. Here's Boca hello. Boca. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Oh there you go okay that's our calls for the day thank you I think I'm going home now. We actually sat down here at a whole bunch of people waiting there to talk in 10 o'clock and that's our medley of our call today. They got nothing to talk about anything five six set of course they're all not there anyway now they're all gone. Hey Neil just go on here and make magic okay just to do a radio show we're not going to give anything to do it with just go in here and make magic. Perform a miracle for us. One call on a board we got to talk to anybody is anybody still listening is anybody that called as the beginning of the show still have anything they want to talk about here today or not is the case maybe. Let's find out right now because it love it a clock I got to be on a on in the car on a way down to the Hershey highway. Five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line Jesus Joseph and Saul. Just when you think you're out of the god damn woods they put you back in that's right they just reach right out and they grab you back in. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Okay nice talking to you too. Call Gable cello. And yeah yes sir. I've been going great. I have a quite I have a I have a I have a story about a pre stole that's in Brandon. Yeah great good I'm happy for it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in water what does that say water kill hello how about those canters yeah. I didn't see anything for the maple leaves that night. You must not watch the game. Well I did they play the night before yes. I don't know I told you that you didn't see how about all those saves that brook had they were all over him like stink on crap what kind of game were you watching sir. He played with a pack that are getting you know nothing about it okay get a life he didn't see anything from the maple leaves. Again another jack as you get you know here's a two to train come right through his living room I don't see it you know that's a kind of guy this is he don't hear it he don't see it he don't smell it. Maybe Josh Friedman could get invited to his house. Here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello. Hello. Yes man. How are you doing today just wonderful. What is everybody call him star parts ready how you doing today. I mean if you're listening do you have any question in your mind now I'm doing. No not I just you know I started star. I'm looking yesterday like this is really new to a sports or or a president or anything but. Yesterday I run horses or yesterday's out at the farm and I've been writing for 14 years of the same thing and. I'm not going to bring up. Radio and blah blah blah and I mentioned your name and see it said that first dad whose chair will under. I've operated on you a while ago. What? At mom sign I hear all younger. Yeah. Yeah. I just got a problem with it. We were almost killed me. Yeah. I was going to throw four days that I thought I was going to. Yeah. So I just thought was funny because like I was in with him forever and then like he's like my second grandfather. Yeah. I just brought your name and that's what he says. I was like, oh, keep them away from me. Okay. Have a great day. So we are whatever you say. Oh my god. Open line in Broward 560 560. 560 on a mobile one line. Real tini pair of headphones must these must be from a came art. I don't know that you had they wouldn't show anything this cheap a came art. This must be mail order from support your pan. Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Why don't you retire and get off to you? Yeah. Why not you retire? Okay. Here's another guy that's listening. He's put up with his whole hour of incompetence in lunacy. Why don't you retire again after you're. Because then you'd have nothing to do sir. Then you wouldn't have a goddamn thing to do in your pathetic meaningless life. That's the only reason I come in every day. It's just because I know that if I did retire again after you're. I'm not going to get off the year that you would have nothing to do. Open line in date 560 560 560 on a mobile one line. This is good. Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hi. Great. I'm doing great. Listen. I'm from New York and I just want to tell you I'm down here and you have a copy of the show. Yeah. And I was wondering is there any way of hearing it up there? No. On the audience. On the audience. Okay. I mean it's fantastic and also that song that James Taylor sounded like. Who is that? James Taylor Jr. Anyway, getting a copy is a for sale. No. Well it's fantastic song. I almost had an act and there was so funny. Excellent. Okay. Have a great time pal. Thank you. You'll see here too long. You'll hear that. Okay. Okay. Two open lines in date 560 560 560 on our mobile one line. 1056 at 2 a.m. The Neil Rogers show now on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Why do you first be? I was an author of our world. What a young man. My priest said to me that I'm not a son. No. It's a double journey. It's a double journey. It was a gentleman. It was a gentleman. It was a gentleman. It was a gentleman. Nobody done. What's the pre-entant? After that time was love. You did fall very close down on the knee. It had been down on my knee. It's been a good day. It's been a good day. It's been a good day. It's been a good day. It's been a good day. I want to do down on your knees. It's been a good day. Father, don't you think that it's just a thingy? You're one of the most beautiful moments. By the way, we seen a pretty SHOWNICE EPISODE on it. I don't want to go to the park. Whoa! I'm going to go to the park. Whoa! I don't want to go to the park. And I'm still not a day down on your feet. They have me down on my knees. They were the captain of the train. They said, oh, please sit back and down on my knees. Oh, right. Look at the water, 5.50. You come there, you go, we can hear things. Of course, okay, man, here we are. It's a little too old, kid. It's a little too old. And put it all together for us. But that's, it's, oh, man. Hey, I want to thank Rick Carl from a section photo. I don't really know why I want to thank him. All I was a nice gesture on his part. Who sent me a big bunch of these aerial photographs of the macarina. I mean, thanks for the appitures Rick. With a nice letter associated with it. You know, really, it's, it's a, you know, too bad that they're crappy and not good quality. So, I've never to let's hear you are. Pictures of the macarina, which from the outside and from far away looks pretty, you know, not too bad. Looks like a good building in the middle of a cow pasture. And inside, it looks beautiful. It looks spacious, it's fantastic. But of course, again, not too many things work. And like I said, finally they're starting to take in a couple of ways on a upper bowl. Because I guess a lot of people bang up their knees and his fat rich knows. You don't want to bang up your knee because you can line up at a big fat lawsuit. Here's a mobile and color range, hello. Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Yesterday I caught the tail end of the conversation. You were having with the gentleman. I wasn't having any conversation. Sir, yesterday she was on tape. I was at the doctor getting my life stream. That's why I really wouldn't know what you were talking about. Can I tell you? Sure. You haven't some discomfort with your heel and you went to a, that's, that's last year's ailment. That's long gone. I'm sorry to trouble you because I had the same thing in the, I ended up going to a basketball surgeon. They solved the problem. I didn't go to any surgeon and it solved itself. It took 10 months since it's long gone. I'm happy for you. Just stay away from proctologists to want to give you a, magnets for your shoes. Have a nice day. And back to you, sir. Yeah, that was last year's ailment. Now we got this year's, which I thought was like all done for the Adelaide lady and the doctor over there at the Cleveland Clinic. She just wanted to about rate your right. See, the doctor that you think is great is the last one you went to. That's always the doctor you think or the veterinary you think is great. Was the last one you took you dog to. And you wait a few days, then it before you rush in they preliminary judgments. Let's wait and see how this flies. Because I said, here this morning in man there was no flush in my face and there was the, the, the, the trash on my neck was going away. I don't have the headaches behind the eyes. I woke up yesterday morning feeling like crap. And I called George and I said, I will not be into them. I'm going to go find like a real doctor. If it's the last thing, I have to do. And then I came in here and all of a sudden that stress factor, I guess. I, maybe somebody knows how long before drug elected gets out of your system. A prescription drug, it's got to be in there for, you know, days. I wouldn't you think, especially after you've been first of all, it's time release. And number two, I've been taken it for two years. So what do you think about six, seven years before that gets out of your system? Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Yeah, yes sir. Hey, I've been listening to your show and tank and the worst team lately. And this whole thing about Eugene Robinson, I know you, you've, you've passed it out. But people keep calling in and, and I don't mean to be racist, but these African Americans are living themselves. There are no such thing as African Americans are these black people, yeah? They keep calling, defend in the guy. Why? Because he's black. Basically, yeah, you know, it's like someone called up yesterday on Hank's show and talked about drug Williams and said, Does William should be the whole same? For what? I mean, what do you ever do? A few pairs of, what is that have to do with Eugene Robinson? But it's just, it's a, what is that? What do you mean, William should be in the Hall of Fame because he didn't pick up a Hooker on the Skateboard or maybe that's it? Well, and then maybe they should have a separate division for Jocs who never picked up a Hooker on the Skateboard or whatever. I have a separate division of the Hall of Fame. Well, they had this other, like I call in this morning and he's got on those these other. You know, and so you do have a, you have a bad memory. Don't you remember that you're during the OJ thing and we still have, if I were to ask right now, I have a whole bunch. We had a one-to-call last week in Coharith. Give me a song and dance about how everybody knows OJ didn't do it. So it was racist and then all the sudden bull crap. Right. Have you have a segment of the black community just like any other ethnic group. There are people can do no wrong. It's always a frame up. It's always racism. It's always bigotry. So why even deal with those people? I even dignify them. I guess you're right. You know, it's frustrating to see. I would've wasted my time with that. I mean, you know, I'm on the way to the doctor yesterday. I turned on the radio and the first caller. They're talking to one morning show is Billy the jet fan and I reached over when click and I saw my problem immediately. Have a great day. All right. Billy the jet fan. I mean, you talk about desperation. Uh-huh. But, you know, they, they're the experts man when you got to hit that big. There must be a reason for it. We have an open line of day one and a broad five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So the first hour today just, you know, kind of, pass it out of your life. I have, I've already done that with me. Cross it out. Here's four lot of nail. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, now, I know why you got that countdown clock on your website. I thought my company was push league. How do they expect you to do a radio talk show when you can't even get called in? Right. I mean, the other way there was one day Hank sitting out there at the stadium. Sick is a dog last week. They said the worst came out out to keep the game. I know, they were off the year, like more than they were on here. It was, it's ridiculous. See, when you got all these technical problems, the last thing in the world you want to do is send a lot of people out to do outside remote. But don't confuse these people because they get a lot of money for that. They don't care. All they want to do is sell and sell and sell and sell and sell. And if it comes on here, it makes us all slough or makes people sick and makes Hank nearly have a heart attack and have to be worse in the hospital. And makes me feel like I'm having a relapse before I had a chance to even get better. They don't care. This company could, they're clueless. All they know is just grind the money through there and let's humble our way through and let's try to make the boss look good. I'll tell you, there would be a lot of suction going on in that in that. I'm going to tell you, there are more. I have never been in a building where there are more naked pictures hidden away in the world. I don't know who's, I know some of the people that have them. I don't know where they're hidden, but trust me when I tell you, this building is loaded with naked pictures. You better wear a heart attack because that building can explode. Okay, have a great day. Goodbye. We have an open line in Zade 1 in Broward, 560505060 on our AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. How come you never talk about Miami-Naddedors? Talk to my neighbor talk about them because nobody is interested in them, including me. Oh, you've got to go through them, they're great. No, I will not be going to them anymore than anybody else goes to them. Okay, I'm not interested in going to see a minor league hockey team when I have a national hockey league team that plays two minutes away from my house. Well, if there are two minutes away from your house, that's one thing. But for people in Miami, the Matagors are great teams who are. Yeah. You've got to go out. You just don't understand. You can keep saying you've got to go out there. It isn't going to happen. People are not going to go to. They're getting less than a thousand people a game now. I know. There's no interest in hockey in this town. Don't you understand that? Well, this is not a hockey town. How can we change that? You can't. You can't. Well, I'm saying there's a lot of people missing a great for it out there. Yeah, well, I don't disagree with the on-app. But this is not a hockey town. So either even all these people that you just like to just got to call me a few minutes ago, but he was at the game once the night and he saw nothing from the Maple Leafs. There was nothing around. They played a good game. It just that our goal 10 was great. Sean, we're played a great game. But these people show up there. They don't even know what they're seeing. Like they got to walk down my section says to me, Oh, I guess the Leafs are what they used to be. Oh, whatever that means because they lost the game. He wouldn't know. Maple Leafs if it's all off a train is backyard. Well, you're right. We got a lot of fickle fans out there. No, we know we don't have fickle fans. We have dumb people who don't know who I don't know what they're interested in. But believe me, hockey is not a trust me. It's very sad to me. But believe me what I tell you. This is not a hockey town and it never will be. Well, I think you are at least let people know that the manned doors are out there. Man, I have let them know. I've given away tickets. I've pushed it. I've connected. I've pulled it. There are people called in the 10 people that go to the games. I was in nothing but luck in the good luck to you. Papa. Papa. Yeah, trying to try to force me to go in the 500 pound bowling ball through a two inch hole. The just there is no interest. They don't care. There is absolutely positively no interest. And like I told you a month ago when they started this disaster's experiment, it was never going to fly. It was doomed before it started. It was doomed before the first game they ever played there. Because the idea that this town would support a minor league hockey team. Even if we didn't have the Panthers, even sitting that aside. Is there any chance this town would support minor league hockey? No. Not a Chinaman's chance in purgatory, baby. Oh, yeah, that Berkish Kulno. She's your old horrible goals. He lived in the good delves. And at the meantime, as these two assholes are talking to each other, he's out there standing on his head. He's making saves the unbelievable. Sunday is out there shaking his head like what have I got to do this ticket in the net. He's playing out for like four minutes straight. They don't get it. They do not get it. I'll say again, I've revised my figures. 5% of us who go to those games. We know the sport. We know the team. We know that what it's all about. We're fans. 5%. The other 95% are socializers. They're pozers. They're people who got corporate tickets from somebody else. 3% of us who go. It's a 10 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 QM is your bucket. Fuck it in and hold it. Oh, the movement. Now it would be night. Oh, the movement. Oh, the movement. I'd do much right on my toilet. Where I belong. Would the pair of dice. Oh, the movement. Finally, the gun. I can wait till. I can wait till. I can wait till. I can wait till. And keep my colon. And keep your colon. In here I pull your breath from this moment on. I don't know exactly where the sea is. Maybe when I said, you know, something to pass. I would just be there when I was far. To find a leaf. I do. To do. I can't wait till. I can't wait till. Give it a flush. My bow will then die. It works for the bottom of the bar. It's 15 at five 60 W to Q and you know, I think we learned something fascinating yesterday. Maybe you learned it. And that is that when I wasn't in here in the show was on tape. And most people were too stupid to realize that it was a tape. Everybody had talked. This is the phones were ringing off the hook solid all six lines. Jen and all four hours. And it's like when whammy show was on. And we used to give the numbers up. And people like engineers might be working in here tonight. Although I don't think it could have been engineers. But anyway, maybe the mouse and the corner used to tell us about it. And they would put the numbers on the screen there. And the phones would be smoking off the hook. Even though there were numbers for this radio station. And it was a TV show that was taped hours before or days before in some cases. phones were going off the hook. But what I'm actually here and ready to talk to people. It's like a whole other story. So maybe it will just play tape. So every day the phones will smoke. We'll ever answer them. Yeah. Maybe that's the problem. The fear that we actually might answer them and put them on the air. But calling a tape. That's what they like. Yeah. They're two calls on the board. That's it. 560 and POMP 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Dr. Yes. I just want to agree with you about this lady trying to force feed the Matter doors down. You know, we barely support the Panthers. Only reason you got some people there. I just said they get COVID-19. We only got a superstar. But after people there just want to get like five beers at a time. Which you know, they should just stay home and drink here. They have no clue what's going on. As far as I think. I just told her. Yeah. I mean, repeating what I just said. Yeah. But I'm just saying she just, um, no matter what it is, you know, it's always I hate to say like that lady a few months go to the ice cream. They just want to force feed something that you don't want to do. Yeah. You gotta do this. You gotta do this. You gotta do this. You gotta do this. But you gotta go. What about it all over again? With the levels on the phone, I'm telling you, this studio needs a gigantic, variable animal. This is not going to fly. I don't care about anybody else. But I'm not just going to come in here every guy at the end. They all were sudden now because they decided to use this as a guinea pig place. And then play technical night mirror for four hours every day. This is not acceptable. And these people just don't get it. This place needs to be gone through with a fire. I don't care if we're going to be in here another week. month, and got only knows. You keep asking them about one. We're going to be upstairs in that other studio. And of course, there are light years away from getting the big the morning the guy the other studio done. They got people working out of there. But is it close to being done? Not a chance. Not even close. So as a result, we're going to be down here for some time. Maybe in their spare time, which they don't have any or maybe they ought to like a contract to bring somebody in from outside. To put this place back together again. So we can actually do a show not have to spend 98% of our 99% of our attention on technical crap, which is boring in a tune out in the audience. And second time hearing about it. And I'm second-terred of dealing with. Get with it already. Get with it. You jackass, you geek. And as far as who I'm talking about, fill in the blank. Could it be the general manager? Could it be the program director? Could it be the engineering staff? Could it be anybody up there? We're out of the loop. Okay. And how these excuses? Well, you're all the way down there on the second floor. And then elevator's pretty slow. What did I tell you? Used to be all we're all over here in the other building on Sheridan Street, you over there. Now that they're here, has anything changed? No. No. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Neil Gauss. Yes, sir. I thought I'd call and give you an enemy update on the morning and Christian movement going on. And Neil, have you heard of the Toronto blessing yet? No. Well, you know about the whole care is matter movement going on for like 30 years. The whole speaking in tongues and two jumping in all that's been. Yeah. Well, apparently about the ignition. This is not going to fly. This overhead thing. Let's go on with a George Y the level. That's not the overhead. That's the wonderful get-in-ear phone system that we have, which I hate. Well, what do you mean by that? This is not our first week on the air. We've been doing this for 13 months here. But it's been, but what? It's the same problem, but it's just much worse than it has. Why? I don't know. Okay, go ahead, sir. Let's give it a shot. That's all right. Anyway, the care is not moving Neil. Apparently about a month ago on TVM, there was some kind of tele-abanguous program going on in Toronto. Instead of speaking in tongues now, they are speaking in the languages of other animals. You had a church full of people running around clucking like chicken and buying like sheep. Apparently this is a sign of the end times for the new millennium. Exactly. So it's pretty cool actually because they've been acting like sheep for years and now they actually sound like it. So that's it Neil. Just thought I'd give you enough tape. Thanks for the good news. I'll see you now. And by the way. Okay, we have two open lines today. One in Broward. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Pompito Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I just had a call. I heard so many people talk about the Maple Leafs. Don't they realize the Maple Leafs could a one-met-game? They're almost through. It's a woman for the gold turning into the Panthers. They're saying, what a while you're doing. You can't even have your opinion when I just got to the same. You're repeating just what I told them. To just, ah, you can't a call yet. You know, you didn't have to call me, sir. You didn't have to call. Where you dignifying people that don't understand the game. Why would you respond to them? You're right. Have it right there. Open line in Broward. 2 in date. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. They wouldn't know it's Steve Sullivan from Gilbert and Sullivan. These people that were in their Wednesday night. Who buy the way to play the hell of a game? And Steve wasn't that either. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, Chilla. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. The sports page and then Palm Beach folks here today, they had a photograph of the kids from Pahoki in San Francisco, the state, and they had a cake. And on the cake, they had a couple towns of where he might be going. And one of them was Bowling Green, and they spelled it B-O-W-E-L. It's about bowling green. What's wrong with that? In fact, if you've ever had like a bad stomach, a lot of us have had Bowling Green problems. I thought you'd get a kick out of that. Well, thanks for the good news. Yeah, that's another thing. See, we ought to be talking about stuff people care about. You know, like, which the AT roll kid is going to be signing up with what school and eventually going on the FSU or Florida or something, maybe to hurt cool and something like that? See, now that I forgot about that. But now that the Super Bowl is over, most of the sports in their time on the station to spend addressing which local elementary school, the Joe Rose and the Donny B hangout in, which kid, which five year old kids got the best arm, and who did this one sign from Pohokey or Bowling Green, etc. I mean, you talk about terminal baby, Q-conducing. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and 5, 5, 60 on the AT. Yeah, I'm sure I wasn't here yesterday when everybody had lots of good stuff to talk about. I wonder what it was. Where's Neil? Was that what all those calls were yesterday? You know it. Oh. Even though I explained at the beginning of the show, I didn't hear that, obviously. I was at the doctor thinking I was getting this magical, you know, and I'm wondering, maybe it wasn't because I got the red and pussy against and so we had all that stress. But like I said, maybe somebody will call and let us know. Somebody that really knows how long before prescription drug gets out of your system. I realize that would be asking an awful lot. Here's more geables. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You. My girl going to Italy at the end of the month and I'm just wondering how, how are those Italian today? The end. Okay, we have all lines open and day, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pump, 5, 60 on the AT and T. Where was line? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've been listening to you for years, man. Listen. Yes, they got it called you while you go. You're talking about African American. That's it from in your mind, sir. Who are those people? They are black people. I think that's not right to say on the year. You know, you have a lot of African American listen to you. Sir, there are no such thing as African American. There are no such thing. Listen, listen, sir. If somebody goes say, oh, my best wish, I'm in. Tell me, are you going to fail? What were the lines with your ears? What are you saying? I think what you're saying on the AT, right there. You know, you have a lot of people listening to you. We are all in trouble. I'm all in trouble. There are no such things that African surf. Let me say it again. Think of friends. Let me stand again. There is no such thing as an African American no matter how loud you scream. I still have the button. Okay. I can talk a hell of a lot louder than you can. What the hell does anybody have any idea what the hell he was talking about? No. There is no such thing as African American. And if you are dumb enough to get sucked into using that phrase, because the white establishment thought it was cute and clever and politically correct, be my guest. We have white people. We have black people. We have Asian people. And all this other hyphenated bull crap like I told you before. There is no such thing as an African Canadian. There is no such thing as an African Italian. And it doesn't exist. There is no such thing. You didn't come from Africa. Any more than I came from Russia or Poland or any other guy who had done place that my ancestors came from. Hi, Phenated Americans. Baby, that is just categorized yourselves again. If that is what makes you happy, don't ask me no more about it. Here is a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. 30 days. 30 days for drug to get out of your system. Really? Really. For prescription drug to get out? Any type of drug. Anything from anything that is above an aspirin or a Tylenol? Oh my god. 30 days? 30 days. Just like pot or coke or any of that sort of stuff. 30 days. How about protein? The only thing you can do is try to get lots of fluids and try flushing it out as a flushing toilet. Okay, I am going to take advantage of that. That should help flushing it out, right? Lots of water. Okay, I am going to go pee right now. Thank you. Okay, so in other words, I am just bringing a bag in here. I am not even a bag. It is a big bucket. You are going to plus to waste that. How does there something that rhymes with bucket and just bring a big bag in here? It is squirt squirtying it all day. Give it a flush it out of my system. When it does not flush it out, that is our model for the 90s. Baby, when it does, what is it out? 30 days. Jesus Christ. In other words, there is just going to be a little, all the way. You know, make tremendous progress. I don't have all that pain behind my eyes. And the headaches. And I really thought like, you know, you get a little bit of an ante. A little bit anxious. You want an instant miracle. Just like everybody else out there. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Yeah, it is not 30 days. It is 20 days. It is one. Except of metabolizing your system this two days. Two days. 14 hours. Excellent. So just in time for the weekend, I should be doing great. Great. Thanks. Thank you. Oh, there you go. Now I feel better. All right. Let's have a goddamn party in our pants. Okay. Two days. Thirty days. That is just a little bit ridiculous, you know. 26 after 11 and 560 W to QMP. And you're a little bit tired. Are you a whass dude? Roll. Your neck will come to you. The magic pot. What's other men is where I feel. The magic pot. And my guitar. And my guitar. I sometimes stare. The magic pot. I like his walking. I like his hair. The magic pot. I watch his face. The magic pot. I watch his jeans. When he's drunk. The magic pot. The magic pot. I just love his magic pot. The magic pot. When we're on tour. I just hope. The magic pot. You lose his grip and drop the soul. The magic pot. The magic pot. I see my hair on. I see my hair on. You can't have it. I'm not your son. I'm drunk. I want 31 to 5. I want to make it. Let me go. The panters at Pittsburgh. The panters at the Penguins. We can. The cat is the same. The panters at the Penguins. The cat is a life in death. The cat is a life in death. The cat is a fat. The cat is a fat. The cat is a fat. for commercial which I've seen this by the way. Have you seen a while with the rotisserie oven for your chickens and ducks? No, or can we get one? It says they're cooking ribstakes, chicken, etc. And the thing comes with a metal wire basket enclosure for flat meats and filet, like filets and hamburgers. So we go to the salmon steaks and he says, put the salmon in the basket. Yeah, Ron Popeye also says put the salmon in the uh... It works the lotion in the basket. Nice going, Ron. And put the money in your pocket. That Ron Popeye, a good guy. Help tell you it's a bunch of crap. And it is a bunch of crap in your pocket. How about that? My favorite though is the one where you could like a dry your own weed in a test code. But the a trays? Yeah, that's good. The Ron Co. Dry your own weed and seed uh... tray thing. That's what they call it. The seed tray thing. Also by the way, the book fair while the god by Charles Templeton is available on amazon.com, which we already knew that but somebody facts. And it says average customer review five stars. The only problem is there's only one review. So... Well, I mean whoever made the review has to feel very important. A reader from Victoria Canada, January 2nd 1999 says, as a person raises a Christian suffering doubts about my faith. This book was very insightful. It confirmed a lot of what I believe in the office arguments are clearing compelling. I liked it very much. There you go. Amazon.com. Fair while the god by Charles Bradley Templeton, which is your Neri price list price is 2999. You get it for 2999 on the internet. You do realize that one of the reasons that all these internet stocks, I don't want to start stock market talk. But one of the reasons that all those stocks are going to the roof is because we do have this whole new marketplace that's developing. And if you're going to be like out of touch with reality, you're going to miss out. Because you're going to be buying and you're going to be selling. You're going to be doing like 80% of your life is going to be there on the internet. I wonder you're like it or not. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello, deal. Yes sir. First let me see you doing the hell of a job. Yeah, under the circumstances right. All right. I just want to ask you the told jury full of thing. I haven't been listening for that long. Have you talked about this at all? Yes. The fact that he said a white Jewish man is making a price. Right. Right. I mean, what does they're just saying? We know he's an anti-Sem. I'm with that big fat bulbous support. How do you know how much of our vision of going? I come on my hearing about it that much. I come to his very first on it. And wouldn't the anti-Christ according to the traffic religion be a black Jewish woman? Yes. Right. Florence from all of it from all Jeffersons. Right. Right. I just want to know why we're not hearing any press about it because if you want to say it was a black man. I think it's that as that is night. Well, it just makes me sick now. Okay. Have a great day sir. Make some sick. I mean, why you surprised these people are anti-Semites. They're anti everybody. You all get a burden in hell. I mean, this is not not a new revelation. Just that he was very clumsy in a way. He said it and he tried to backpettle it backtrack. But even though he said he doesn't, you know, he doesn't this of how what he said he just shouldn't have said it. He's still believes it. That the anti-Christ is going to be some Jewish guy who's got a radio show somewhere, probably like in Seattle. I think that Mike Seagull is probably the anti-Christ. You know? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I was at the New Oil House today. I was in the Panther game by more planning weeks. Yeah, and we were at what? The Oil House. New one. Watching the Panther game. They were playing the Panther game at the oil. Yeah, I'll be right. Yeah, I'm like. We do it. This uh, sports flash came out. That some guy in Anchorage got arrested for cost checking and a minor league team. You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He would do it. What nuts? He took a stick in the minor league. You know the attack the guy assaulted the uh, other kid and they arrested him. Uh, they know you haven't ever watched your TV. You know, you should be watching sports and around a clock they showed it six million times. Yeah, I've been working with you. All right. Thanks. Okay, pal. Yeah, you know, and of course a lot of the stick work that goes on in the NHL. Not just in the minor league. They have no respect for each other. They do all kinds of grow test things. Like Paul Laws got heistick by Mike Johnson. They're which the referee didn't see that. The worst officiated game in history. Not that I'm using that as an excuse either way because they were bad all the way around. Including when the net came off and they'd let Whitney and Burai go down the ice and score that goal. But uh, yeah, don't confuse uh, Terry Gregson with a phased 100 years old Jim a break. We have an open line in date. 5 6705 60 and pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, a couple things. First of all, I agree with you totally. There is no such thing. Affirmative African American, you're either African American, American, Canadian, Irish, whatever. But you're not. If you're black, you're black. What's wrong with the word black? If we want to label or identify people, what's wrong with black? Well, obviously not because February is what black history must run African American history. Right, very excellent point. Very good. And uh, the second point is uh, you were talking about uh, the madadors. We have a, we have a East Coast hockey team over here, the Florida Everblades. They draw a great crowd. But I got to agree with you. The Panthers or came like that, uh, or the, uh, the lightning ring this area. There, there wouldn't be more than a thousand people at the games. Do you remember the thousand people at lightning games right now? That's very true. Pretty close. I'm not, I'm maybe three, four thousand is what they're really getting. They're drawing, uh, they're drawing about five, anywhere five to seven thousand a game over here. Um, but it's like, but you're missing the point. See, well, you understand is this. If we had no Florida Panthers, if there was no NHL team here at all, minor league hockey is never ever going to make it in this town. And it's not a hockey town. Right. Absolutely. Thanks, though. Okay, everything. So you try to compare over there on a West Coast where there are a lot of people from the Midwest who are hockey fans, even in Tampa, up until the team just totally disintegrated, which they never would have been very good. But they just finally said, screw it. We can't handle it. I mean, it could be 10 to one a couple of nights ago by Washington. Who now? Who? And if the lightning were playing here, would there be anybody going to those games here? No. Of course not. Who would go to that swirl even the socializing after while getting pretty stable? But this is just not and believe me. It pains me to say it. But if you just hang around in that arena, that's what I should do instead of sitting in my seat. I should just wander around and listen to the in-a-in conversation going on. From people who are sitting there, and even the ones who are pretending to be watching, and they still haven't got any idea what they're seeing. Got it, that first reading. Just dumb, dumb, stupid comments. I'm surprised they were, you know, not to disappointed we got Pavelle Burry. They want Peter Warl back. Two open lines in date, 560505060 and Pant560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 22 till noon at QAM. You're looking at 10 inches. As Brought to Q-to, for the fright. You're like a nothing from the O-3 fright. A pleasant anus to find anything. My planet who ligh in in these wings. What's your problem, Kenny? Stop. Don't you think you've gone too far? Everybody, thank you. I'm like Joseph McCarthy. If you know that Joseph McCarthy was gay, the kind of life you can't accept, he never bays. Be kept dry cold, most fire is dying. Until he got fire, when stroke and die. What's your problem, Kenny? Stop. If you've added words to our own guns, we would want to take you on like Joseph McCarthy. We breathe, we breathe, we breathe, all right. We breathe, we breathe, all right. 43 at 5.60. WQM here's a factory sound. He said he just finished a call with a panther's spoke with a guy named John. He's still complaining about the shoot twice goal. The excuse now is a bigger life would have struck the view of the people in the lower bowl. What about the people in the panthers own lower bowl, he has. Reply, silence. So I suggest it. Why not use the same life to make a visible wall. Reply, thank you for the call. Click. See, they don't know how to do it. See, I thought that they just didn't give a crap. They don't know how to do it. They built a $200 popular hockey arena and they don't know how to put up the goal lights so that everybody's sitting in there can see it. The only hockey arena in the world at any level, college, minor league, little league, shinny hockey, the only hockey venue in the universe where they can't figure out how to have the goal out of the green life to see it. God. Also speaking to people that can't figure it out, sand the man, Sam our promotion man will be between noon and one of the pizza loft. Ask me why. I really don't know. Over the pizza loft in David just out of the 595 in the university drive, because I guess Jeff Cohen needs more publicity, nor for a QM fan. We'll have tickets for the World Caribbean Senior PGA Tour, Crandon Park and Kiba's Game this weekend. By the way, let me tell you how much I love golf, okay? Also for the Joe DeMaggio Legends game at four Lodderdale Stadium, benefit the Joe DeMaggio Children's Hospital, tickets for the coconut growth home show this weekend at the Coconut World Convention Center and the new I-Turn Eagle on WQM T-shirts between noon and one at the pizza loft in David. Go buy and take a look at Sam and just do life your ass off. Say why you guys doing this? And I'll say, I don't know. Gotta do something. Here's a lady in the plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes man. Hi Neil. This is the one that called you at the Adelaide. Right. To go off of it. Right. Okay. So I just called my pharmacist and he said that it could take, it depends how long you've been on it. If you did on it. Two years. Okay. Then he said the one you've been on at the longer it takes to get out of your system. Oh. Because you're a blood level. But he did it. And especially because it's time release. So it's, uh, right. And he said it should only take the days. It's not like, you know, two or three or whatever. Right. It'd be like a week or anything like that. Oh. But the one you've been on at the longer it takes to get out of your system. I got such a panic this morning when we had all this technical crap at 10 o'clock and I was sitting here feeling so great and this slush made a comeback. But was it really bad when he came back or as bad as it was yesterday? No. No. But it's still there. So it's still there. Well, I guess it's going to take time. I just hope that's what it is. Well, that's what my doctor says. That's what he said. I mean, if it turns out not to be, I mean, I'm just, uh, you know, going to go on by a shotgun. Well, with me, it didn't take that one to get out of my system because I wasn't on it that long. Well, how long did it take for the symptoms to go away? Not that long. Like a day or like a day. And a day day was on. But I was only on it. Like, they always on a different medication in the same family. And that did it to me after like four weeks. So I switched to the Adelaide and it made my symptoms worse. So they took me off those, that family of drugs completely. So I just hope you've not put you on another one that's the same thing. But I don't think so. No. You'll know better. Okay. Thanks a lot. I hope you feel better. Appreciate it. Okay. Bye. Okay. We have one call after the board. Then we go to us some really great music. 560560 and Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in a mockery. Hello. Daniel. You want to welcome all the other caucus. They're playing in the out the Cockaroa, Caribbean Classic this weekend. I got more people watching me play Niti to go. And we'll be watching them play real golf. Did you guys at the TV office? Deep home West Palm Beach last week was a ghost town. Nobody watched in golf. This is not even a golf town. And by the way, thank God for that. What else should they be watching golf? What kind of a no-life person watches golf? Ladies, cops. Please, they've been though. We can watch something. Yeah, if you like bull-like butt. Yeah. Hey, how about Tim McCarbuk getting fired by the New York man? The guy can't even tell you what done his mind. They're all great. They want to steal on Fox because Fox rhymes with Fox. Fox rhymes with Fox and have a great day getting a new phone. Now I can't hear them very much. We have an open line in Broward, all three in date. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. No, I'll bet the light in the hockey. I mean, it's the goal. It's the puckers in the net. We need a light for it. Well, let me ask you something, sir. Can you always see that? Does it the puck went over to Broward line? Are there questions? It's situations where you can't see that? No, I mean, it's the puckers in the net. There you go. In the net. In the net. No, no, we're a situation where you can't see the puck going in the net. No, if you're a true fan, you're watching the puck behold. If you're a true fan, if you're shouldn't, like maybe 150 yards away from the goal, you can see what if you're even to be can't see the goal light. How about the other shouldn't weigh down at the shoe once in? And they can't see the goal light in the lower goal. How about them? Well, how about you watching TV on the big score board? Yeah, and what if the TV doesn't have it up there in addition to which you can't always see the goal on on TV? Jack asked, here you go. This was the best. This was the best. Here's a guy I want to get an argument with me arguing in favor of the fact that they've got a screwed up over there. They spent $200 million of public funds. And this guy's trying to tell me if you're a fan, you can see the puck going in it. And usually you can, if you're sitting in a right place, like I am. But there's sometimes when you can't. Sometimes it's very, very close when a puck just trickles over the line or it's behind the goal and you can't see. Is the on it as it behind them? That's called really putting on a professional sporting event. I mean, the idea that there's anybody in this town who would justify this makes my case. Maybe I have to say nothing else about what a bogus sports town this is. Yeah, what a hoist should you just be after seeing the goal like go on on? You're asking for too much man. You're just making trouble. And by the way, give way to kiss good night tonight, okay? Oh, it's picking a Wayne. I had the big news of the week. I haven't even told us because it was out yesterday. I don't want to say these are rumors. These are more than rumors, but you know, the whole thing two weeks ago with Jimmy Johnson, and the press conference, and all that crap we went through, the real story that's circulating around town is very heavily. And we had a couple of people called it and speculate that this and it looks like they were right. That Jimmy Johnson went to Wayne and said, I want Dave Wands that and Wayne said, No. And they got into a heated discussion about that and Wayne still said, No, and Jimmy, a tourist knit and got ahold of the media people and planted the whole deal and orchestrated this whole thing. So naturally, it had to be resolved in a way where we'd Wayne look like the hero by saving, you know, he brings in Dave Wands that and Jimmy's, you know, we want him to stay and he saved the franchise. But in the meantime, what the stories are saying is that the volume is matter and hell, Jimmy Johnson. Because he used this as leverage to force him to bring in Dave Wands that which Wayne originally said, No, and this isn't just the rumor, this is a, that's the MS. So I like I've told you so many times before, just like when Shula got canned, you know, they had to present in such a way because it would have been very insulting and it wouldn't have been acceptable. And this time to say we can't advance. Two open lines in date, five six seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Jupiter, hello. Does Henry high would say put the motion in the basket. Yeah, okay. Open line of Broward to and date five six seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Use the material from three weeks ago, very good. Here's Bokeh, hello. Hi, Neil, how are you? Okay. What did Jimmy Johnson do? I mean, are we any better off than we were three years? I don't want to discuss Jimmy Johnson. I'm just telling you what the real story is because the other people are giving you some of the damage. The other thing, Neil, is any trick to the rumor that QA will be broadcast in Hurricane Game Detective next year of the year after? Supposedly. Right. Well, it's hoping for some of your research back because Dave LaMont heard of me at the night in Radio. Well, now why would you say let's hope they bring some of your research back? Do you or Dave LaMont? I do or Dave LaMont? I know, Dave LaMont is a screamer. I don't want Dave LaMont. What's wrong with bringing out like people are really a professional sportsgast is? I think that's the biggest chance. Hi. Who should have a chance? Dave O'Brien wants to do some of you in basketball understand who Dave O'Brien's great. Why doesn't it have to be the same old retread people? I mean, you know, sunny is not a bad guy, but sunny is certainly not a great sportscaster. Well, he's a little better than who's the Ken Maldon. I mean, I thought like Pat Summerhol sometimes watching the game. Ken Maldon's not doing the games. What are you talking about? So about his updates. Give me a second. Ken Maldon is great. Ken Maldon, you're not Ken Maldon, sir. You're off the show. You have to step over my body and I Ken Maldon is a great guy. Okay. The fact is 110 years old, he can't help that. We're all getting old. We have an open line in Dave 560 and Tom 560 on the AT&T line. But this guy wants sunny. He wants sunny back on the ball game. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, this is not a sports town. Right. Okay. That's why everybody's repeating back to me. Things have been same for 20 years. All that. Neil, what do you have against these dams? Red these guys up. That watch over the waterways. Open line of Dave 1 at Broward 560 and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's color-raid, Jello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, I'm with the guy who got the goal. It's some second tire here and you cry about it every day. I'm a little bit don't listen. Okay. Because I'm going to be the one. I'm going because it does bother me. If I'm the only person in there and believe me, I know a few other people that are psychotic about it too. I'm going to keep banging away on behalf of other people who might care. Okay. And if it's terminal to you, top crab. If it's too bad, I take a minute or two to mention it. Even if I do it every day, tough. Find something else to fill up your four empty hours in the middle of your day. Okay, pal. Because one thing I always respond to real well is people who call in like you to tell me what to say. I want to talk about it. I respond real well to that. Don't I? No. He's getting real tired. He agrees with the other guy. I got a real a radical solution. Okay. Let him fix it. Wow. Let him let him call up somebody in a real hockey arena. Find out how you do it right and make it right. Then you'll never hear about it again. And of course, if I'm so wrong about all things that are screwed up in here, how come they're finally now removing the removing those stupid uh cup holders from the goddamn aback of the seat in the upper bowl. And before long, they'll probably be screaming about having to do it in the lower bowl. Because they did a lot of things wrong. They made a lot of mistakes. Okay. And when you go to a sporting venue, it should be like for the enjoyment of the people who are spending the money, or going into a subsidized and support whatever's going on there. Not just this kind of thing. Well, you know, if you don't like it, uh, don't come back, you know. See what they show I can say that because you got other choices and it doesn't cost you anything. And you don't have to go anywhere. You can sit in your car and your home on your ass to turn on a radio. If you like it, fine. If not, that's okay. But the idea that people have to make an effort. They have to pay an arm and leg to park. They paid a lot of money for the tickets or somebody did. And oh, well, that's a, we're sorry. We just can't do it right. Great. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah. You know. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy. I grew up down here. So not, uh, real knowledgeable. I'm hockey is if someone who might have played it as a youth up north. But can you tell me how the off-site works? I'm not. I really get to figure that out. No. Open line at Broward. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T world. By the way, when you find your birthday cakes, you're just like the icing off it. You'll understand. Just look at it. Okay, whatever that was. Open line and date 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T world. Let's line another one of your dumbest picks. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, me, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm not a proof. Do you need to be very stupid or naive? Well, you'll figure right in then. You tell me what the put solution in the basket means. Open line and date 1 in Broward. 560 and 560 and 560. No, see, we enjoy the fact that there are people who don't enjoy it. I don't, uh, get it. That don't understand it, either. Wow. Boy, sure makes me feel bad that I took off yesterday to go to the doctor. Maybe put my life back together again. Which I'm not really sure. I thought boy, I was out of the woods. I thought I was in a hog haven't here. There's just a little bit of this fire in the puts again here today. Of course, if you've heard from the beginning, I'll show you might just understand why. Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. How you doing? Okay. I was in my car driving around. I heard that horses asked say something about why should they turn the light on when someone scores. Yeah, why do you have to see the goal? Right. If this is the most ass-enine common, I have heard in 20 years. Yeah. That's like that's like saying if you're watching a football game and someone scores the touchdown. It's not necessary for the referee. Exactly. Or if I can't see the field, well, why should the officials put their arms up in here? You can see whether or goes through or not. Or if you had a baseball game and someone hits a ball down the line, the unparish shouldn't signal whether or not. Exactly. You can see whether it's fair or foul. You can see that chalk fly or not is the case may be right. I mean, you know, what is what these people here? The fact that most of these people, not being real sports fans, this is the only place in the world where they would accept the fact that something is ludicrous as simple as this can't be done right. Only these people would accept it. I mean, part of the fun of going to a game is if you're sitting up in the rasters on the other side of the rink and the light goes on, that's a reason to get excited anyway. Right. Not to assume that the fans are there. There are many goals that are scored in the macaroon or where the reaction from the crowd is kind of like slow-mo, because everybody's looking at the people next to them, seeing if they're jumping up in the name, they're going or didn't know that going. Because about 80% of the people can't see the goal like depending on the which end they're sitting on. I think a lot of the people don't even know they're at a hockey game. Yeah, no they don't. They're sitting there. It's a social club. You're right. It's just a guy named social club. I feel much better than other. Okay, have a great day. Okay, let's talk about that light some more to piss that one guy on. Ow! Well, he's probably squeezing it right now. We have an open line of day one and a broad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60 on the AT&T. What else? See, I've told you this before and it's true. That's why having a sports talk station in a market like this, it would be like it would be like playing Romanian melodies in the middle of a, a callowet. You know, they're just aren't too many Romanian's around there. It would be like having an all Chinese melody station in this town where like I was talking about on Wednesday. We don't have any Chinese people. They're like about seven of them. It's 1557 at 5.50 QAM. So, Neil Roger show. Now, on 5, 60, WQAM. Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's Friday, you first, dude. It works the notion in the basket. It makes it all up. It works the notion in the basket. It works them both together. It works the notion in the basket. When the eyeball falls out, it works the notion in the basket. Then it has to hold it down. It works the notion in the basket. It's what I have to get it works the notion in the basket. You need to rub it on by rubbing. It works the notion in the basket. I have to try to make my schizu. It works the notion in the basket. I said, I said, I'll blow. I switch my TV. I'll make the idea. Oh, yeah. I like to dance around this way, isn't it? Oh, please. It's not the notion, it's quite a do-day, isn't it? Oh, please. I want you to look for like the wall for my name is Paprovel. It works the notion in the basket. It makes it more much easier. It works the notion in the basket. I owe it by Paprovel. It works the notion in the basket. Oh, what does it do? It works the notion in the basket. I've got my schizu manipulate. It's a bit of past no. It's $5.50WQ. So what does that really mean? You know, when you come down, what the hell is that? It puts the notion in the basket, man. I don't know. Open line of date. $5.605. Can you please explain all sides to us? No. How about I say? No. $5.605.60 on a mobile one line. Hey, Goldberg, you're a lot of the Royal Caribbean Caribbean. I don't know. That's stupid. Goal tournament. Two o'clock this afternoon. I'm going to talk to the clock to pregame. 730 Panthers in the Penguins in Pittsburgh. I mean, far beyond for me to start to knock in golf again, but I'm going to tell you. If you want to play golf, I guess it's good exercise boring, but you know, but Jesus Christ people had watched golf. I've mentioned this before. It's got to be the most unbelievably deadly. Remember that one guy when we first came here was talking about how he taped. There were two tournaments on that one Sunday afternoon. He was so torn between the two that he had a tape one while he was watching the other one line. I will grant you that I have done that with hockey games. If they're like on a big dish of this one game, and I want to watch another game live, hockey games, something exciting, like a real sporting event, like a game. Like a spectator. If you ever watched a gallery at a golf tournament, by the way. Then the guy I'll hit, you know, get a good shot. Then you hear like that. Yeah, like a tennis. That real kind of fake, very polite, the smattering. Yeah. And what kind of people go? Who are the people in a gallery at a golf tournament? What kind of a person goes to watch some guy or diek, hit a ball with a golf club? Like I said, I can understand that people want to play. It's the leisure recreation. It's a good time. They go out and think it will exercise. But to watch people play it, to spend money to go and attend a golf tournament. I mean, is there some message there that you people are trying to give us when you do that? I have no life. Yeah. Exactly. That's what I thought it was. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on, guys? How are you doing, sir? I'm a 25-year-old Catholic who recently moved to the Jewish cemetery that they call Hollandail Beach. Can't go fact in the church. Oh, yeah. And I can't tell you how bad these Canadian drivers piss me off. Is that Jamie Slevens on the back of the plate? Is that stand for student driver or a team? Are you two of them? Stand for what? Give me free souvenirs. Oh, these people, I mean, they know this is a border. Another thing I had to get up by Chesselau, this Eddie Kaplan guy was a gambling. The gambling show, yeah. The gambling is a legal prize. I know, in this state. And so it's prostitution. But you don't hear anyone calling up saying, hey, Eddie, can you recommend a couple good prostitutes? I guarantee, you know, you just made an excellent point. In fact, that's one of the greatest programming calls we've ever had. And so, you're in two instead of those very marginal numbers that we have on that show at night. If any of what's started talking about where the hookers are, we have a double digit share on that show every night. Well, we have a big family is considered a social problem. So it's prostitution in both legal and Vegas. So people call Eddie up and ask for prostitutes. It's not legal and Vegas, by the way. I mean, it's legal, right? And not in Vegas. Yeah. When I look at it, it's Vegas isn't Carson County. And the, uh, which county is a car county? I can't get them confused. One of those is legal, but not in Vegas. Okay. By point being that, I mean, if you relate it to standing and calling them, go, hey, you got any tips on a couple of hot broads for me. I understand, but that's the hypocrisy. These people with their bookies don't you understand the hypocrisy of America? Everybody in their brother allegedly has a bookie. Everybody's like these super calls we get in the show. Hey, hey, what's the number on that dook game? I mean, who wants to hear about it? If you want to have like a bookie line, get a bookie line. But I mean, what kind of conversation is that? It's nothing but a chronic gambling show. I agree. You know what, I'm a young kid and I'm all my friends that I graduate at high school in college with, I mean, we go to these games. They're not making more than 30,000 years. And they're betting $500 a day. I mean, it's a problem. They're betting five or six hundred bucks a day? Yeah. And anything that'll move, these kids literally have problems. I've never been, I've been on a cruise once, but 20 bucks on a blackjack table. But these kids are betting five and six hundred bucks on a given day. They don't even watch the dolphins in their down there. Time for some help, pal. Time for some serious help. Yeah. Get them to AA right away. Any captain here at Dushback? Okay, thanks. Yeah, well, in fact, that he was, I was coming home from the track last night where I was, Oh, I lost 40 bucks by the way. Lusen, my answer last night at Brad Kramer and Northfield Downs with a $13 horse. Oh, I was going Brad. What a move they're whipping and slashing and driving. Also bailed fat rich out there with that race. We're losing our ass. But I mean, I lose, I, you know, lost 40 bucks. I don't gamble a lot. But I go to Vegas net, needless to say I'll take a fairly serious amount of money. But not money that I'm going to miss. But people are like, compulsive gamblers that have to have a bet on every event. See, that's not a sports fan. I know that comes as a great shock to some of the people who listen to and some of the people have work on this station. The idea that you have to have a tangible gambling involvement in a sporting event to be interested. That to me is sick. It's free country if you want to do that. Even though it's illegal in most cases since they're doing it with their bookie. But nevertheless, I don't care. But that's sick. And that's not a sports fan. I mean, is there anybody who was at that the Leafs Panther game Wednesday that had a bet on that game? You know, you have to be sick. To bet on a hockey game? Any, I heard there's met a fact when I'm coming home last night Tom Zickas on there. With that Kaplan, they're doing a show out there at the dog track. And they're talking about which dogs they're betting and which race and this and that. And I love when somebody I look at both Eddie and Tom Zickas said. And I thought, I don't know what's when he's talking about. Ah, no, they're both good guys. They're all that necessarily. Good guys, but you know, chronic gambling, chronic chronic gambling crab. It's terminal. It's ponderous. I could have brought in the program from Pompatau Park last night and said, Oh, my God, Bruce Ranger, what a drive he gave this three in Walley. Hennessey was waiting for that to bellow. He was leaving in a race and I'll on and on and on. I can do that. I'd be out of business in five minutes if I was doing that crab. It's terminal. It's ponderous. And the idea that we're eating it, abetting all these chronic sick gamblers out there. That's really sad. I mean, you know, hookers, there you go. If we want to give it out full numbers and locations and addresses, I'm talking about people that are safe. People that are clean. Who would do that show? What's the number on it? Here's a mobile and four-letterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. Let's see. Draw the faces almost as red as mine now. Neil, the other day, do you watch sports center after the Tampa Bay or Washington game? Like I would watch the Tampa Bay Washington game. It seems to me I was at the Panther game then. I said, nothing. I would watch. No sports center the next day. They had to join every single goal. That that Washington was scoring on Tampa Bay. Yeah. And they had Andrews Canter in the background doing his thing. It was hilarious. And then after, then after, where they're showing off the Tampa Bay players, You know, I don't understand. What is Andre's canter? Oh, I see the goal thing. I got him. Yeah, they shook ten goals. They shook all ten goals. What does he ever do with the hockey, you know? Yeah. They're going to soccer guy with a big mouth into the hockey thing. Okay. Thanks for a good news. Do we have that nearby the way on race, canter? Hey, bro. I'm going to survive. You're going to have an offer there. Enough with him already. Hey, bro. I'm telling you what they know is his panicking. A lot of practice with those tongues. You know, even at the beginning of a word, which is not easy. That's tough to do. You're a real good thriller. If you can do it like at the beginning of a, Oh, Roberto. Roberto, I can do it. I got a lot of experience with my tongue too. I do like that. I'm going to say after noon at five, 60, WQM. I think I'm ready for lunch. I'm ready for some my usual stuff. Is my face a little bit, yeah. It's coming back a little bit. See, they just can't, they can't give you a top opportunity to recover in this place. You come in. I'm out one day yesterday. It's my second out day out sick in the year at 13 months. Not bad. Come back one day later. I'll have a son and everything in here is turned to instant clear crab. You would think that if they would just, but, well, sorry, don't even go there. They'll cliche ridden asshole say. Don't even go there. Just do your due diligence. Yeah, and get some closure. Hey, when you lose sleep from the night to the next, it's known as sleep deprivation. Even a modest loss of sleep from night to night can have serious impact on the way your body functions in the way you function and feel during the next day. If you toss and turn a night, it could be because the mattress you're sleeping on is history. It's a real piece of crab. A great way to assure a remarkable great night's sleep is to have a quality mattress and a best way to buy one is call our friends at dialo mattress. God, don't care about the bed. God, don't let me get through. God, don't let me see. I'm not you, I'm your friend. I just thought I'd say, but I was dying to be afraid of the pain. The pain is not running through. But the pain is not going through. Oh, God, don't let me get through. God, don't let me get through. Oh, God, don't let me get through. Oh, God, don't let me get through. 15 to 5 60 WQAM and I guess Sam and the nephew out there it's pizza lot they're very lonely okay and they're calling Georgia begging us begging us please see I would promote the hell out of it if number one I understood what the hell they were doing there and number two they were giving something away that somebody wanted did it ever done on it maybe the reason is that a mob scene out there for the stuff they're giving away that nobody wants it no that is I mean the QA in van is out there by the pizza locked in the baby and they got tickets for the real care of being seen the senior pga tour oh I didn't realize that no one of the guy didn't even understand what the guy was talking about before it's the alta kaka golf ceremony oh my god at crandon park on kibis gain is wicked so if you think it's boring watching a bunch of like young people already at middle age guys running around and when dikes hitting the golf ball wait to see these old far it's all there old far it's on carts also free tickets for the jodemazio legends game in four lot of the al stating to benefit the jodemazio children's hospital anybody heard how he's doing by the way no no oh by the way that's the that's the office pool that a king who's saying or jodemazio also they got tickets for the coconut growth home show this weekend at the coconut growth convention center if you want those they got free tickets and also the new i turn the alarm wqm t-shirts that's the only thing tangible l i c-on at least at anybody might want okay so please make them happy make them feel like they're doing something you know like to do something tangible which is really why they're out there to make it appear that they are doing something useful and tangible the q-a-in-van look for it out there by the pizza law and then go in and out by a meal jiff can use the money also here's a fact it's a needle stop african american is a good term it separates my wife who is black from black americans she is nothing like black americans it's a good thing sign john see this again goes back to all of that you know the hatred between you know the uh... hispanics depending on where they're from the he each other and the blacks like the carabine blacks hate american blacks and the other way around no seriously i mean uh... i got news for a man who's you making women i don't care what you say they are condescending they are disgusting what i agree with that condescending party when it's a fact yesterday when i was calling my doctor over it uh... the cleveland clinic i had a uh... you make a woman come on the phone one of the uh... certain nurses secretary whatever else you do's there and i told her this is like uh... you know important that i get it could they give it to me very well with it thank you by the way cleveland clinic it's hard to be an armoured leg but nevertheless they treat me very well i try to impress on her that this is something originally with all of the doctor as an opening he's squeezed me in he knows me and she puts me on hold i can't like she comes back how about four fifteen this afternoon this is eight thirty yesterday morning i'm talking i said no i said it's kind of like a semi emergency i'd like to get to put man hold obviously goes and talk to my doctor comes back come on over right away okay so thanks very much doctor post-cognac but it was a Jamaican woman very condescending very condescending but i mean you know if we have to argue we have to debate i don't understand why we have to do this but how about a term that we could all agree on say because after corner you know was the uh... long version of cool that's where cool came from so if you want to know term if if if negro wasn't good enough and if uh... black isn't good enough how about cool uh... let's take a boat on it i mean we can have like the governor since he had a lot of him or he would mind if we stole it we can have a he-coon and she couldn't uh... and in case is like what we got upstairs uh... and it could be where black but i guess it's not but you know if it were and what and what is it that it does up there this thing that we heard from off the street it was a lot in the past in fact you know something it just uh... just on on me you know who it's related to buffalo freaking bill we've been making jokes about that for the past two days that that thing it wants to wear your flush oh my god i would be surprised if he has a nipple ring and maybe one or two on his back you guys really how to make the good hires here baby they come in a ask us we say and they say if i'd be the soul you say we say open line and date five six seven so how about that cool okay is there any black person in the audience to be offended by the word cool no okay we got it he couldn't she couldn't here's uh... my me hello new i don't and a woman that's really stacking car a rack cool yes call for my statement by saying i could give a rat to us about timmer car yeah but if you find out why he was fired i don't know if you follow the reports why did not make the mess back basically one and ask kiffer and not somebody that basically has an opinion up there you know something timmer carber is a loud mouth for the ex-joc who has to analyze every goddam pitch airbie play ten of carber but i could have been a bit more overrated piece of turd that ever sat beyond a microphone forget him i'd rather he'll rouse kind of after having another massive stroke uh... slowing his speech and rather hear that than timmer car right but forget him i mean you do you look at all these push uh... franchises in this town they have ask us to i mean nobody's gonna come out criticized their team and it's a movement of sport and what ask is right and so nobody speaks their mind and anymore i mean thank god you know you got the mad dog up there who's not scared once in a while you know the way that tell and call it like you see that you know the dolphins have a poor performance all right but you know there's a there's just a move at nobody speaks their mind anymore yeah you're going through your timmer carber carpipar because they want to calm seever to come in works with the team all year long time seevers terminal are you can make back to the day he's working with a picture send a winner program and so he's gonna know the team basically in and out so i think i said something about time seever when you listen to him you realize that this is an overgrown little boy he has never grown up right i'm on for a moment i'm not listening to him when you listen to him do any kind of a broadcast he sounds like a little kid he's never grown up you know it's just scary that these owners want you know the guy in Philadelphia i guess it was a eagle see find a contract last year that said he can't criticize the team i mean these owners want to put a product on a field please don't tell me here he calises still i don't know the red report here he calises sound like he's really the only her i know the owners want you to feel a certain way about a team raw ross is holding like you talk about how to pander put on the show and everything's up and everything's happy drop prizes from their ceiling and they want this whole image that everything's good you can see my talk that's all on anybody they've been a good player that you know that's why a lot of us just listen to you whether we agree with you on everything or not you call it like you see it you talk about the goal i should talk about the song you know people don't have a voice out there anymore it even if somebody wants to criticize work in the team they can and instead of getting people calling in a green who are angry about all of the fissions he's out there i get people calling in a knocking me how come i you know opening up a big mouth and i'm such a mouth content and you're supposed to be able to see the puck going i mean just do put in a idiotic stuff that you wouldn't hear any place else in the universe let me say come i don't know hockey for many things but i want some tickets on your show thank you a couple weeks ago i went to a game and you always talk about that i i don't know bad ice or mice in my glass cup right but i look down my shoes ruts i'm way up in the nose bleak sections thank you for this huge great i'm looking at the ruts i'm saying okay i guess that's bad ice i mean i figured out i don't know hockey for many Wednesday night there are guys falling down all over the place they were tripping across the blue line which is hard to do since there's that's under the ice i mean there are guys fall all over the place and in fact even my doctor a Cleveland clinic because you know they take care of all the fancier players he was talking to me about yesterday about how somebody's gonna break a leg on it that's so bad out there's no anybody's ever seen i forget you know Chris Moore would never say anything you know that right or remember no because they're uh they're on a payroll baby they're they're house organs i keep going with that right there right there by the way haven't heard from rumor the long time wow no seriously i'm readjusting my budget for the coming four years yeah things are looking uh looking pretty rosy he's looking his wounds don't understand about bad guy you know i'm a bad guy because i said well whatever i said because it was a truth i'm rushing rock at two open lines in day but and then and then to pronounce his name wrong i mean come on remember borei maybe he's taking a borei a selling uh five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile in bokeh hello yes sir how are you doing Neil great uh you're not gonna ask you do you watch golf so i watch golf i don't know thank god golf is terminal right you're going to watch golf you're like fifty seventy years old uh huh and you're just waiting for it to happen and i think that people are watching wolf parts play golf probably like ninety and a hundred years old the senior tour that's all they should have i mean that's all it's all it's yeah sponsored by geratoll and the x-lacks and they locks and everything listen i heard you say that you had you had diabetes or you had some you know i don't know but uh was that type of what what do you mean i have diabetes yeah i mean it's an insulin dependent or is it not insulin dependent but i'm not i'm a graduate student over here at FAU right and i got a friend of mine that's in the biochemistry department and eight their tell me as they're coming out with some new stuff for uh for insulin dependent dive advantage that's inhaling so haha haha haha haha haha haha haha oh that's what he said icecoats there you go we have an open line a day one at grower at five six seven you know something these have been pretty interesting calls today even a bad ones you know been pretty guy damn interesting i mean it's not as good as talking about what's the morning line on a guy named golf tournament and which old parts gonna go first boy old parts playing golf i mean that's we have scraped the bottom of the barrel really we've we just uh i realized put all his over even though we can talk about you know all the guy all the 10 year olds are gonna be drafting in the seven or eight years but boy you talk about senior golf this radio station man has absolutely no shame if it's a game i want hey i want to be surprised if we can bring back Rick we were doing some bowling on a radio and maybe some quite tournament sounds good to me a fan forgetting to blow the blow the uh who the place election yeah and by the way where is Rick we were right now he is and on clear streak right now there's another guy to hear were smell bad well uh i mean he was a great broadcast to compare to that zimfer guy but boy the he's smell bad he was a strange dude Rick weaver we have an open line a day five six seven five sixty and pump five sixty on a mobile line and talk about an eagle man woo wee i mean an eagle bigger than then uh fact boy and uh Josh Friedman put together and so our golf season there too a gigantic gargantuan eagle that's mister weaver to you the only thing is he was serious about that he's funny right out of his jackstrap i'll bet 26 past noon at five sixty double and running back i've heard in the cracks in the big hole of the subterranean uh papio share they all have celebrity perfume now from the right house comes your first perfume of the quentin era yellowy the me is not orange yellowy the is not martyillary part notorious the new perfume from Hillary Clinton calintoria star what's up smell is that's my contorious i love it nothing smells white like smell it i can't even find it is that it you know is that it nope how about this nope it's a little hard to find for once you do holy macaril it's great look for that you're perfume countercoach officer with the bait and tackle hey out this is Hillary Clinton and you love my contorious look for it in the literal inbox story so pretty what a five sixty wqa i'm that's a embarrassing and the main it should be we have an open line in day five six seven are pull quite in a by the way is the hood you like better wick weaver or bill uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh the nondiscript bills infer so anyway speak of a clintorious all this uh big flap include a even a statement that they issued out of the white house yesterday to see that about Chelsea me and on a cover of a people magazine and if they do a story about her and then they had that um channel surfing this morning i think it was on uh good morning america which i never watched that show it fact i never watched any of the morning shows anymore since they took a good people off the CD-S show but nevertheless so they had Ron Reagan's junior she was on their devali dancer getting very indignant about well you know she's only a younger or older she's not a public figure she's not a public figure but they traips to route when a uh we're up there at high-end it's port the weekend after uh whatever weekend that was out this last traumatic 13 months with all the monica and the penis getting everything Chelsea is not a public figure how can you be the daughter of the first family and not be a public figure Ron Reagan junior you silly uh to quit and tights it's a quit and tights Ron Reagan junior man and what's the big semis about that you know and their identity of their plenty of other kids whose father isn't the president whose parents aren't their first family who aren't going to have it made for the rest of their lives whose parents have cheated on each other maybe both and know all the greedy tales how about some kid in the trailer park somewhere and everybody in town it's some little horse ball trailer park or some little town to even New York and everybody in town knows who is doing everybody else and those kids have to suffer the embarrassment of knowing uh you know that this one was doing that one and this one had Gloria banging her up against the wall whatever hell was and Tommy's mother she was in there too do whatever doing a three way you know how about them does anybody care about them all the port Chelsea and by the way speaking of port Chelsea they had a clip on their last night with her out there at school where she going to stand for with her boyfriend and I got news for she's got a pretty cute boyfriend who either has bad eyesight or can sniff the money if you're in the rainbow or maybe she just does what her mama doesn't and maybe she gives good head or maybe all of you above but some nerve they got all well very upset or the people that people will magazine why is she somehow immune sounds like a British now you know and of course the British at least those kids are like what 15 and 13 something like that William and Harry those paid pasty British uh twitch but she's an adult and all of a sudden there's all this righteous innovation poor Chelsea which he's had to go through and all the embarrassment that daddy was doing a monocody and the oral office and the stick and that cigar or etc and so on probably give her some good point as maybe that's how she hooked that good looking boyfriend here's Holly would hello yes sir back to you I try to give you a call what I have some accurate information for you yes vagus is in Clark County help prostitution allowed there right Carson County is only there for the Tuesday my correct well it's up by Rita I'll actually outside of Clark County there are the counties that have prostitution you could take a cab from vagus into these chicken plomb where you want to know exactly now as far as your blood pressure medication yes you could have this in your system anywhere from 7 to 30 days oh well I'm sorry oh my god yeah I thought I could do about that but at least there's a there's a light at the end of the tunnel exactly but no more than 30 days yeah now also do you have a pdr at home not a new one okay uh you should take you you spent a couple of bucks get a new pdr yeah and all your medications you should look up and see what the side effects are yeah I'm not stopping doing you're right well you know you'll find out you don't want to take anything you don't have to take my next question is what was your blood pressure would you drop to all that weight but that will 170 pounds oh and I went down to 170 I wasn't taking anything for it well it was perfect it was like I went 10 over a one 10 over 70 I would think that would be the incentive oh I know you know I when I drove out of the doctor's yesterday uh and he didn't say anything about it he did this particular doctor is usually is the kind of guy that says you better lose the weight you're going to be digs and I didn't even waste his time okay because on his scale with my shoes not my clothes yesterday weight 204 so believe me I got a lot long way to go buy I had a good day yes to the eating wise I would I would think that would be the incentive right because if you lose the weight because if you're gonna get off of it there's some people and have the central hypertension as you know which means it's got nothing with their weight but I'm lucky enough or unlucky but that it's the fat that I should do with my being diabetic and high hypertension and then if I would lose the goddamn weight I could take all the pills and throw many extra well I think beginning today it's it's a new lease for you and and what we're going to over a new maple leaf right exactly we're going to send a big black guy named Ben down there early Friday and if you don't think that he's going to beat that's not out of you okay thank you sir we're going to send the old Ben down down here I think he's upstairs right now he's the up and down the chef and the elevator will bend down that's our program that's my new name for him by the way thank you sir not only for excellent call but for giving me a great suggestion instead of calling him duh for bluff it's all bend down bend down the program director we have an open line in broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's a mobile and cross-spring so yeah Neil yes sir we need Peter were all back yeah okay thank you oh maybe that's a big black guy this guy was talking about Jesus open line in broder five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line by the way tell you the rest of the Peter world story if you ever do here's a mobile in vocalo yeah hey Neil man hope you feel better right Greenland great yeah great show and now I just haven't been passed by keep up the good wasn't by one competition through here ninety five oh coming in from Malvern yeah and now keep up to good work with that hockey ring because way and I think I'd say you know this guy is a real problem and the worry is I called his piece of asshole he's a I'm a solid model and fan I do a lot of work with the morals yeah with their with their association and you know when the morals come on the organization yes yeah with the organization we do a little service for but to make a long store assured the everybody supports the marlins up in Malvern when they come up for spring ball right as soon as they come back down to my abby we can't watch the games sports channel has a lot got all their games and time Warner which is a cable company up there they're doing it to us again we can't watch the goddamn games he's an asshole yeah any pressure that you could put on this guy to get these get games to be up in the car right I got a lot I got a lot of a lot of a club with that organization I can't even get them to get the goal lights so we can see him in the macarina I'm the number one hockey fan in a whole guy damn USA can't get him to fix the goal light in the arena and I'm gonna get the thing on for you up there I wish I could pal well I'm just trying because I'm not doing anything I can and you know I'm real sick to off this guy I don't care how much money he has he's the biggest asshole I've ever run into my own asshole okay thanks okay and at Jimmy Johnson story by the way true story Johnson wanted one stat Wayne said no and the Johnson okay see a to the papers on the front pages Wayne has to come rushing back the next morning the fly wants it and Wayne telecopter from the west coast and then they put on his big act for the public oh yeah Wayne's the hero Wayne's the hero um open line and broard 560 560 560 on a mobile one line 22 to the one a QAM he'll ride you off there one small man named Bill he gave me a dress and made it a mess and I kept it under my bed in my house now that's not good okay let's see all right those is our bread the White House is white I signed in the live book one night no that's not what he's uh hey Jerry the great doc the president showed me his no no no no no no no good okay okay okay okay yeah trust in night the book's Christmas and all through the house Bill got naked except in my house my parents were nestled well snug in their bed while I was giving the president no no no no no no no good either 1244 at 560 that's probably the clip will be shown tomorrow during the uh oh god six hours of that track with the video tips 12 and lines in bright I want about this Chelsea I might the only one that has an opinion that Chelsea is not beyond being approached and that she's a public figure and if she's uh people magazine wants to write about her what's the big deal with that like I said before plenty of other it's like when Diana died the same thing with the royal family with the kids oh my god they lost their mother well that's a tragic thing but you know what they were like anonymous people all over the world of those their mother every day and the world isn't sitting around and all in John is making up songs for him how do you like that and they're not rich and they're not yeah and they're not filthy rich and they're not going to be the king and a queen and uh it'll get a lot of money for sitting around and those the velvet whatever they're wearing doing stuff from the stone age that's our pull question by the way who's still here the queen of England or the pope and number two who's a better dresser and number three who's the bigger queen here's the four miles hello hello yes sir hey uh this is Neil if sounds like me all right what about professional bowling tell wise professional bowling pretty weak pretty well i'm going to tell you something this is a true story yeah rick weaver on wiod back in the days when they used to put a lot of crap on to fill up time in a weekend actually did bowling on radio yes i i understand is that incredible or what pretty well you know oh it's a little hide there's a 710 split wow what a bad way all right all right all right all right just wanted to call and say you need to have a good show and everything else thanks a lot pal say hi all my 10 friends and i'm what's going all right so yeah that's the first down by the hair on their chenny chin chin okay we have an open line of day one and brown five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty animal one line and any response to my question about rick weaver or bills in for no that's because they don't know who builds in for is he is so generic man so generic this obsession is based on his all these outer town people you know like the hockey now to live in jersey like flies to the games in the flips around and the football now to the lives in fili and is a big fully sports fan and promoter up there on his oldy station and flies into the golfing games once a week um as long as i live on ever forget that show he did remember that day when he was full in for hank and he did the show on a phone line from fili and had no idea what was going on down here nice going uh Billy here's Holly would hello you show us so true for not know how great that's why you listen well thank you thank you very much for that uh compliment you're sure we're so juvenile that he listens every minute of every day and he can't take it nothing god bless you sir that's for you juvenile my fan asked we have an open line of brown at five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on a mobile one line see every i've already conditioned his audience to it every call like that is not a shutter me it's a shot of yourself yeah like Russian rule out with a gun fully loaded because you're admitting that you're not only are you listening you're making the effort which i thank you profusely because not too many people do that to take the time to call the way to few minutes to come on here and express something god bless you sir there's another one for you just like morning guests here's my name hello you know yes sir i definitely you're maybe driven out with that's the reason why i'm so entertaining you're not old and moldy and yeah and i'll talk about the senior golf you know i feel sorry for some of the people on this stage not a one of my junior name that have to be slept around the somebody so called sporting event and after try to play it up big and pretend it's something i mean senior golf you're a break what here's a bunch of dottering old parts oh my god look at that there's still a lot it can't be as bad as you know juvenile golf okay i say but you know i'm in the 27 plus who the old bracket for you here and today's my birthday yeah sir and my faster one traditionally i'm gonna do my traditional thing of going out back space house and need to light bar for or die whichever one comes first but in any case let that walk about super by the way uh no i never had that i love that if you like cheese and onions man that's great to uh i usually go on a strict diet of the largest steak which is the porter house oh that's good and then after that i take my chocolate thunder from down under oh i African American whatever but uh in any case you're cool uh this is my cool and brownie but uh in any case i was watching speed of cool and i was watching television a couple days ago and had Gary Coleman he was like uh for a thought he's like what 40 something he was like you're few six yeah he looks like he's 11 years old and uh you know he's got that uh you know he had a bad bullet grits or someone he caught some well you know it just seems to me that we're good you look like a lot of these sports people are called a station he just refuses to grow up i grew up with a lot of these child actors like you know uh Gary Coleman uh Rob Machio uh Drew now Rob Machio even with those beds he was married when he was about like 15 years old I was like 12 I think uh thanks though the marriage were like 20 years yeah uh it just seems to me that when you're a child actor you're signing a death warrant for the rest of your life you grew up to be psychotic right they almost every one of mine's up to be really screwed up absolutely like a poor Jane North the Adenis the penis boy whoo uh and and heavy uh really and even i kid that that played Nicholas and eight of the enough he still hasn't grown into that cranium maybe he's Joe Rose whatever happened by the way to well Vince van Patten and the Scott by a bail do they run off together right there you know I had enough you know I all I'm saying it is just that actually and the eating thing is enough we're not whatever that was that was embarrassing i mean pretty way to just just to tell you I just tell you what kind of level these guys are i mean the only normal person that i've seen close to it is probably Drew Barrymore you know psychotic she is now you know so uh i just feel i kind of prefer an ethylberry in more myself well i should have it right in a birthday pal i'm revered air cheese okay we have an open line of day see there's a young Julio 27 years old happy birthday oh you know why and we got to get because we had all that technical uh problem in the first hour got as it pissed me off nothing worse than you know i mean if i came in late or if i was like unprepared or if i was sick as a dog again that's a different story come in here recorded nine in the morning plenty of time to sit here and prepare and get an arrived frame of mine and feel my face to see if it's heating up yet which by the way i think got us back to room temperature tell i eat the gr and thanks again am i good friend chuck by the way from those truck subs over on a corner 441 and i've zero what sub set what i call Chuck I found the sub center okay i'm under a lot of pressure the sub center thank you Chuck but at any rate according to arbitron even though it did dynamite number one men 25 to 44 between ten and two men 50 plus we have ao his span we don't have one his spanic man over the age of 50 who listen to the show so between now and two that's my goal to get at least one old spik the call is show even if he hates it just one just to prove that arbitron is full of crap five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's hollywood hello and yeah yes uh this one circumcised German guy i just want to tell you um you turned me on to the macarena went to first time uh Wednesday night and i didn't give a crap about how i could be for but i'll tell you it was really really exciting oh right i want to tell you thanks they had to give you a commission check from uh Wayne my knowing oh yeah yeah that big thing in mind right no one portion i had Neil where are all those empty seats are those people that are seasoned pick and holders that just never bothered sure there's a corporate seats the ones in lower bulls are corporate seats at the corporations buy up and uh and a lot of ten and that's where you'll always see some empty seats because if people didn't give away or people didn't give the folks who cared about showing up so unfortunately there's always a smattering here in there of those right it was just really exciting i'm gonna be going again and i want to thank you excellent just great uh Neil my my girlfriend's listening for the first time today could you play that uh put the lotion in the basket the whole scene where you go to call the doctor it's hysterical it's a scabby hey hi jabby i made a scene against your operations done okay and some body contouring and some liposuction um and there was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation cosmetic vest surgery faced with all of these things there's wondering what was like stirwood well i i need to get everything done probably the first thing i'd like to have removed is my my thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast implants though uh i can't be done the lotion in the basket how much uh five thousand excellent i'd like to have my skin resurface too laser surgery have the lamps stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt mommy's little baby it puts the lotion in the basket i'd like to get the liposuction that i saw on tv okay can you make me look more like a woman well i'll have to see you first and then if i'm looking actually we can tell you that when we see should i wear my skin suit rate of body parts mommy uh if you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket would you like to make an appointment? yeah okay um there is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay um my name is pufferldo okay let me get a little information from you okay i promise you right? let's the lotion in the basket i understand it puts the lotion in the basket do you want to come in for consultation fee? let's the lotion in the basket okay do you like to make an appointment? do you want to call me bad? yeah let's the lotion in the basket i understand i got my skin suit in the blanket like this bill it puts the lotion in the basket i understand that what you're like it puts the lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment? it puts the lotion in the basket okay i will talk to you in the time okay it puts the lotion in the basket hello? 255 at 560wqa anyway uh some have it my meatballs would cheese and the onions my I can lunch and i walk in the other woman George has got astonishing I know idea are humongous chef salad from the sub center from trucks to ain't that is like mostly you know most chef salad is just a bunch of like a grass you know a crab but just like mountains a great cold cuts in cheese and that's gonna be my lunch every day from now on okay every next step to is they want to go to mommy's that's gonna be my lunch you're gonna be that's a perfect that can's lunch that is a beautiful thing in fact I'm off to meatballs oh it's seriously 1255 at 560wqa and we got Hank coming up from the geriatric golf term of this afternoon between two and six we got the booster with six o'clock seven o'clock the panther free game because it's a big game tonight baby the panthers who are right hot with pomell burey at Pittsburgh to play the right hot Pittsburgh penguins Europe with your armor younger and Marty Strocha should be a damn good game tonight we hope anyway some Neil Roger show now on five 60wqa m Miami Fort Lauderdale it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon we don't intermate in the town of Dean take out the best of earth that you ever as anybody in the table of work it tell you this country where the country rascal done as some he want to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke smoke gun to smoke smoke he like oil right okay I'm out again to the snowman here and say, got nothing like this in the grass. A day's small. Small, kind, a small, small. They light up this cliff and talk. They begin to puff and jump. Small, kind, a small, small. They're gangerly good. I'm the Delta Sun you are at our stopman. You like to smoke the giant sip whenever you can. Many people coming here from miles around. A bite deep through the view by the sunset. Rasp the moon, the seeds of our palm are you right. They gangerly go to night and then they swore. Small, kind, a small, small. They light up this cliff and talk. Small, kind, a small, small. Small, kind, a small, small. They gangerly go to night and talk. Come on. Not out to a five, sixty, double your cue and don't do the show where you're mouth full of food, okay? Well, this is good today. And that's Chef Salam and I am just, I can't wait till Monday. You believe that? No. No, I mean as far as lunch. A perfect atkins. He's got the best damn meat over there. You know, you can't touch Chuck's meat. It is the best I've ever had in my life. The most astonishing steak that he uses in those steak subs in a cold cuts and these meatballs got. It's been like, I'd say five or six days since I had balls in my mouth like this. We have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty and pump five, sixty on the 18, two, one, one, five days. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. As far as Chelsea quit there, quit and as you turn every campaign advertising some sea ran for governor. Right. Yeah. And he had her in that beach dancing scene where he that they put together that they tried to grow a little for the firm self. I mean, all of that. I mean, that weekend, a few months ago, and it's the whole family, a flu up there to high anis. You know, after this whole thing blew so to speak. Right. So she was running around glad handing everybody. I mean, she was, you know, part of the whole honor there. She was his visible. She wasn't like the dog hiding in a back somewhere like, but he, you know, she was out there doing it. And you've got to put her in between him and Hillary when their whole hands get down in the helicopter. Right. All I can say is God bless Ken Star. No, you're the God bless Ken Star. Oh, well, yeah. And the horsey rode in on like James Carvel said. God bless Ken Star to a dragist you all of this crap. But yes, what, pal, we from the day you won't be saying God bless Ken Star. You're going to be saying, oh, because we all over baby, we can go on with life again. Instead of this right wing paranoia, this sexual right wing paranoia. Open line of day, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wilders line. North Miami, hello. Part of the first family is not like she's got a choice. It's good use to it. Another two weeks and no one will care. I don't think we're gotten to. But she's she is a public figure. Yes, you have a big, big, big, big, big. Yeah, I wanted to make a comment about the zipper. Since you've had such wonderful response. Not that. Because they don't know who he is. They have no idea who he is. You know, hang way on the air. Yeah. I guess people that don't about a month ago and nobody, nobody cared. But nobody knew. You know, he like. Weaver is just, we don't have a choice. That's who you listen to. I found myself enjoying and Hank and and managed more than actually the guys that do the game. Because after time I listened on the radio, you know, then a lot of the games are blind. Well, not that you've managed. You weren't doing cutler on the dolphin games. We wouldn't have anybody listening. He really, I thought, tank used to be real good. Right. But managed. I will say is an I enjoy Hank and I'm a fan of Hank. Right. Man that just makes that radio, you know, broadcast. But actually, he's a wild man because he doesn't take it too seriously. Because you got to sense a humor about it. He's a homer, but he lets you know when they stink. So yeah. But anyways, that's just something that, you know, if he's there, he isn't there. You know, what are you going to do? He doesn't live here. What does he care? Exactly. Listen, guy, we're a grad one. A high for the next two games. It's going to help because it's two tough teams. Okay. That's the luck. Go, Panthers go. Like he said. Hey. Thench of power manure. Puppers over this performance by the dolphin. Okay. We have an open line of date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, and can you imagine Tim McCarber saying that? No, no. I don't think so. There's only one Jim Mandage. I'll tell you that right now. Here's a mobile and keep this game. Hello. Yes. Yes sir. Yes, I am. Thanks. Thank you. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not. That was you. I'm sorry. I'm not just whatever my name is. Wait. I'm a human. And we were 60. All right. Oh. And I listen to your radio to your program every day. Even to this show. It is. God bless you sir. Definitely. And I agree with most of the things you say. Excellent thing. I've to keep you on view this. Okay. See you. Okay. Well, how do you like that? There's an old spec and solicitor to this show. All right. What are you arbitrarizing people? I bet you we got lots of course they want to, you know, their voices to be identified. Because then they'll be looking for me domino park. This guy, this guy don't waste his time in domino park. See. This guy's not one of those old parks in the run. Fidel, Fidel, companies that go, you know, at same old tyrant tune rhymes with. June. We have an open line of date. And of course that thing about the cool. We haven't had one black person say that offense. Me. I'm not one. I think I hit the mother load again. Okay. Arguing about African American. There is no such thing as an African American. Nobody just got off the boat from, you know, Kenya or South Africa or Nicaria, one of those countries over there. Unless they just came from there. They are not an African or are they? No. No. For what kind of a stupid thing you get sucked into. Don't get sucked into labeling yourself because the white establishment wants you to be labeled. Okay. Just tell them, blow it out your white. Back to them. And stop what all is politically correct to horsecraft. Here's a mobile and cool spring. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Yeah. I have to disagree with your statement that there's no such thing as an African American. There's a couple years ago. My wife became a US citizen. And I went to the ceremony there. And they would call out different countries and then the people would stand up from the countries. And then when they got to South Africa, they called out South Africa. And I left them a white woman to sit up. She's an African American. That's the only one I've ever seen. A white African American. Oh, absolutely. Okay. So that's the only one I've ever seen. I've never seen an actual black African American. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. So there's white African or American. But there's no black ones. Is that correct? Uh-huh. Thank you. Good point. Okay. We got this clarified. We got it down. Yeah. Okay. No African Americans. No African Americans. And African Cuban. No African Jamaican. No African, uh, whatever. Hello, I'd be. No. We have an open line in the end. Of course, why would you want to be African anyway? And what about is that all about? You want to be identified with cannibals? Is that what it is? Cannibal Lecture? Or maybe it is that how much is sticking a bone tree? You know, is what that's been right in there. Still probably someplace over there where they have tribes. Am I right? So they still stick bone to their, uh, nose. Eight minutes after one and five sixty WCM. I'll get to that thing about the French Canadians by the way. Now what's your name that you've very upset about this story in city losing? My good close personal friend. Your close personal friend Susan, I used to work over there with us. She didn't work at the Paxon, but she worked in the same building. What was that thing called? Marketing magic. Marketing magic with that asshole Jack. Shit. Mark. What did you say? I didn't say it. Jack. I said ball. That guy didn't know Jack. And you did. Yeah. What was that? What did this man just say what I thought he said? I wanted. Yes he did. But then we called him over there. Yeah, well he didn't know Jack. Sprint. But anyway, she wrote a column for City League magazine about the stuff going on this weekend. And one of the things is Canada Fest 99. And she starts out in the very first paragraph by saying if there's an unusual number of men walking on Hollywood beats with thongs exposing their cheeks, then it must be the 15th annual Canada Fest. And then she goes out of the describe who's going to be there and what they're going to be doing. And just based on that first paragraph because she talked about frogs with the bear cheeks and she said very darkly to us thought they want to they're trying to get a raspire. Those freaking frogs. Let me tell you this. Okay, frogs. I just floored him back for probably we'll go home. He hates my points. Go for you cheap frog bastard you. God. By the way, did you know that George said, huh? Can't understand if you wanted to have 50 WQM if you trying to suck on our average old y'all about that at the end. Can they? Yeah. You come here every year. Oh. Oh. People. Hey, stop it. My mowing head from me. You're quite big. I only had one eye. Well, you eat like pigs and you dress like flubs. Clawgah highways with your car. And, beally the one thing worse than a restaurant is to see you in a bar. Well, Ed. God keep us safe. I'll sense can't eat him for you. By a one way to sit on your camera door. Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck. Oh, fuck, fuck. Please make the frog. Oh. All right. 14 at 5. 60 WQM. So I just heard a staggering rumor, which I'm sure must be true. I think Fat Boy was the one circling this rumor around the building if I'm not mistaken. That there's another AM sports station going on here in this market like very, very soon. Wow. Maybe they'll actually put the sports bags on your, huh? Wow. We'll be a big trouble and that's fucking bit. Yeah. And maybe some of the people from here, maybe some of the people with the high squeaky voices from here. We'll actually wind up over on that new sports station. Man. Can't you imagine some of the people upstairs at that if that turned out to be true? Oh, they're going to have a heavy, heavy, dirty weekend, baby. Woo! Yeah. We're going to have our own party. Okay. Screw there, party. Oh. We have an open line of day one and a broad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the, it's a, hey listen, there's an out-forging sports there's an chronic ambush in this town to fill up the lines. I'm too, uh, huh? Oh yeah. Hey, what about what's the number on that, uh, Geneva, a whole bar game? What's the number on that Albion College, uh, Holland Michigan game? Here's a mobile and four-laterdill. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. I just wanted to, you made a comment earlier about Rick Leaver. I'm not sure what you were looking for in an answer. Well, I'm not going to be there. I used to use this, but it's one of my favorite reasons. Like, what one of them would see? Yeah. Well, the only thing I could make a comment on is I haven't listened to the radio at a dolphin game. Since Rick Leaver and Hank have done on this new guy Bill is a jerk and he's kind of, and I think that the answer just touched your home, right? Can't even stand him to even always the next job and all. And it is a home home? No. Home or? Oh. Home or home or home or. Yeah. But I mean, as far as the, uh, you know, like Jim Manich? Not really. I think that he gets over. He goes to the lower board. Yeah. I think they're really truly the best team that they had for the longest time as Rick Leaver and Hank over. Hank was laid on there and, and we were of course, was a pro. But in the last couple of years he started, you know, they had a good deal. Yeah. You get a road map in Tomory. Was he still better in Zimfer? Yeah. Well, he was having a proposal problem. I think that didn't really help him in as far as doing a good broadcast. But even though he had all those Rick Leaverisms, whatever you call him, I still think he, he was, a lot better in the running back. I started in the cracks in the big holes. Yeah. That's a good line. I've heard that one before. There you go. Well, listen, all of that. He's in Mississippi. All of a sudden I'm a letter for you. Thank you. Have a great day. He was good. We broke. He smelled bad. He was a really egotistical strange guy. He had a distinctive flare as opposed to, you know, the guy we got. I was like a voice out of a box somewhere, basically. We have an open line of day one and Broward, 560560560 on the ATT, where it'll come. Anybody out there going to inspire reports on the new sports station? Let's go out. No. Let's hear it. Especially before the weekend comes. Let's get these guys upstairs just all over the place, man. Come Mr. Whipple over the weekend, George. Monday morning, you're going to have to have extra roles all over this place. Boy, they're going to be crap in their pants. We won't be seeing him all weekend. He'll be locked behind closed doors going. Boy, he really doesn't know what it means. He thinks the deal backwards. Oh, they'll be going nuts. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? I do have to know what's on. Why, man, they got shmandish. I can't ever channel them. I don't know what that was all about. I don't know who was canned or I know you're not on a weekend. Sports thing anymore, but I saw him on there with Jimmy Siffles. The edges the other day. They said after the silver ball that his contract was not renewed. There's always a story behind the story. I'll have to ask him about it. But certainly, if he had to choose between him and Jimmy Siffles, I mean, mad at his a thousand times better than Jimmy on a bad day. Absolutely. Yeah. Of course he and Wayne are sisters, though. One of the simplest and the same pot-take. Really? What did he just say? Something about Siffles with Wayne on Wayne's ball spot? I've missed it. Your fall is breaking up, but I was getting pretty interesting. So the guy before said, mad, this is a homeowner. And his guy says Jimmy Siffles has got Wayne's ball spot on his back room. Two open lines in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, man. Neil, hi. Sorry I'm paying a toll. Anyway, I'm calling about the calling about the African Americans. By the way, hi to my good friend. What's your name over there on the A tool booth? Okay. What's your name? Automatic. So, I have a question for you. It's the exact terminology for white people as Caucasians. Yeah. And what would it be for black people? What's the last time you ever called somebody a Caucasian? Not often. Maybe you checked that box or something. If you were going to be sure, in other words, if you were going to ask somebody who committed a crime, was that person white or black? You would never say was that person Caucasian or African-American? Would you ever say that? No. No. No. But I'm just wondering if there is another term. I'm in business and I sometimes feel with black people. Okay. How about a spook? I'm a fat. I really don't think that would be a thing. It's a lot easier to say than African-American. I agree. If you say a nice, long-table word like cool or a spook, I say, let's go with it. Right. But I, you know, I'm in sales. I'm trying to sell to these people. So I'm trying to... Or maybe shaw. I don't want to be PC, but... Yeah. I'm having a... How about the dark? How about the dark, complexed? Okay. I'll try that one. How about pigmented, pigmented challenge in America? Pigmented with knowledge. Okay. Have a great day sweetheart. Say how to all your white friends. Okay. We have an open line. I mean, you never refer to somebody white as a Caucasian? It's ridiculous. Any more than you refer to somebody with yellow skin as an Asian or oriental. I mean, or you're always giving me that nitty. I don't care what you say. I didn't make it up. But by looking how easily that works. If you say Gook, I mean, don't you know exactly what we mean? Uh-huh. Yeah. And I never heard anybody, uh, bitch about that. So if Gook is good for the gander, then Spook is good for the goose. Because we don't have any Gooks in the audience. Okay. We got our friends up there at the Emerald Coast, who are from Toronto and Big Napoli fans by the... I've got all of those people up there. I didn't even know they were from Toronto. I'm going into this weekend. We're going to have one day this week. You did a Maris Sunday. Haven't been up there for a long time. Now that I know we got some Maple Leaf fans up there at Emerald Coast. I might even wear my A-B-A-B-A-M-A-M-A-P-Leaf jersey in there. You think I would look good? No, I don't think so. Look like a jackass. Kind of looks juvenile. I'll take guys to be for about this show. I just want to be juvenile. I want to be like a mature adult. Okay. I want to be one of... I can't wait for this new sports station. Kind of. I actually have some interesting stuff on it. Huh? Maybe put these bastards on there. Toes a little bit. Oh! Because I got my bonus check in my pocket. But all of it came from this show between ten and two. Not one penny of it came from like the rest of the day. And I'm pretty perporked off about that. Sounds to me like some people let us down and themselves as well. I mean, we certainly could do it. I don't know how their other deals work. They're all in this one. Yeah. See how they like that. So we certainly did our best to help make them some extra money. If they didn't do it, they would look at us. Even if this is some kind of a Gooseball show. Here's a mobile and four miles. Hello. Neil Mann. Yes, man. You can call me a black, you know. But I got something else to say. How about cool with that body? Uh, jiggle booth is pretty pretty. Jiggle booth. That's not bad. That's too many syllables. Jiggle booth. Spooks not bad. Jiggle booth booth. Scharzer. Yeah. I really like Scharzer though. You gotta admit, you gotta just got a great sound to it. Scharzer. Okay. Take this out by the... Another guy got exposed from a Republican body, like yesterday. Yeah. He's good. I forgot his name, but he was like a... Didn't the case for a beachman he's saying how cling was a womanized in all his crap. Yeah. Neil Mann has wife is sitting there and then has girlfriend sitting in the same, in the same same place. They're sitting in here in room. Yeah. And it's sitting in a choir room. And I just thought, you know. Well, I'll come inside of the mainstream media. Yeah. Well, the rather was talking about the last night. Yeah. Draw those black things. And he's a Puerto Rican too, by the way. And Jewish. Is he got taken back to the church and moved to out of him too? Exactly. All right. If you don't watch his ass, okay. Have a great day, sir. Wow. So what was that all about? Some of them better get the inquiring. Find out which one of these fascists has been screwing around again. Oh, and it was a great moment yesterday, which I'm sure you weren't watching. When there was a little disturbance in the gallery. And they took the 75th vote on Mother We Should Have. You know, they voted. We didn't want Monica in person because she's a slut and smells bad. And we didn't want this. And we did want that. And then when he finally voted the thing, I'm bringing in a video tapes and I'm going to be following that some old fart up in the gallery yells out, why don't you take a final vote and you're over there? And it was like this hushed silence like, ah. And that fascist renquis said, you know, please, please, the restore order of the gallery. And of course, they probably yanked this guy. And we'll see him no more. Right. Tell Mr. Biden in the gallery of the United States Senate, okay. While they're doing their due diligence and holding it, we're going to have some more discussions in trying to bring this to closure. Right. Are they trying to close it? We have an open line of day five six seven and, Let's have the count on. I mean, one week from today, even at that's switching Trent law with his pompoms as next Thursday or Friday at the latest by noon, okay. So we're less than a week away. We're now in 24 minutes at the most at the outside. From getting all of this absolute unmitigated. God, Jesus. You think, and they did the deposition to get it. Anybody in the three of them say anything new. No. Do they change their story? No. But they're anything significant that we haven't already had 85,000 times. No. Is there anything they're going to be seeing on the video tapes tomorrow? No. But they just cling and cling. Like, like, one, I just won't, you know, that won't fall off your act. Boom, fling on. Yeah. Get that baby in the bowl and let's get on with life already, okay. Look at all the trees they have to knock down to get you enough paper to get rid of that cling on. You know, just wiggle it a little get out of there. Maybe. 125, at 560 WQAM. Hey, if you're speaking French, you've been to traditional horses. And you've tried the local Escort Service. But the big problem with these is you're a real busy guy. And your life moves real fast. You don't have all that time to take for your horn to get on dress. Get ready. Do the job and then get paid. You just want to get in, get out, you end in out, and in out and then go. Well, then you're going to love this. If the all new hump and go, the prostitution station you've been dreaming of. Once you drive up to a hump and go, you'll see an escalator at the front door. Hop on. At the top of the escalator, you'll see one of our many fine prostitutes already to go. Once again, hop on. Hop and go. Also has pay at the hump service too. On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card. Once you're done, just slide the card in and you're ready to go. It's the all new hump and go. The fastest thing in town. Thank you. Okay, once dirty, well, I was busy throwing a lot of stuff. Okay, because I like to clean the joint up even though nobody else uses it. But just slabs out there, though, guys that were in here last week. Slabs. Anyway, here's the fact that says if there's going to be another sports station in the market, maybe we could have Phil Henry on the satellite. 10 PM to 2 AM every week night. Are you sure? You're into more people, be listening to QM for extra four hours. Excellent point. Maybe I'll have a gambling show on the other station. You see? Huh? Or do they do that real micro narrow casting when they get us a lot of new stuff? Like dog tracks and high line only one. Like I said, maybe they'll have eight or nine of those shows on the other station. We have an open line in the Broward 560, 560, 560. So I guess this piece of news we have today probably opens the door for all those other rumors about. We're concerned coming over here and doing warnings. Wouldn't you think? And then like this fact said in the Phil beat on their 10 o'clock at night, till 2 am or the simultaneous for me show. Are you pretty sure I think that's what's happening? Here's a mobile at Naples, hello. Hey, new idea. Okay, sir. I don't know if anybody's brought this point up or not. No, but when slave boats brought the blacks from Africa, they would drop them off into Mecca and I'll dust and Haiti and that's all. Really, if you think about it, all blacks originate from Africa. And you look at all those blacks in Haiti and you know, Jamaica, they don't call themselves Africans or Africans or African Haiti. Exactly. Exactly. That's my point. There's no such thing. Nobody would ever dream of saying on an African Haitian. You know, that's something that was made up in this country. To just made up by white people in this country. Sure, never forget that made up by a bunch of honkeys. It's just like if you really think about it, there's only, you know, four races white, black, Asian and Indian. Yeah. And you look on an application anywhere you go for an application. They have on the race. But what about Puerto Ricans? Hispanic and, you know, and that's not a race. That's a culture. Yeah. Oh. So I'll take this home and stuff. Okay, I have a great day. Good point. Whatever he said, he said it's one day happy family is what he said. Isn't that number he's talking about? Yeah, I'm not. We have an open line of date, five, six, seven, five, six, six. Okay, Rick Weaver or Bill Zimfer. All right. How about that new sports station, huh? Oh. Oh. Woo. Man. Just what they needed to get this complacent Greg Reid off his ass. The big sports shot here, you know, Mr. Hot Shot. I got all those sports franchises. It's only cost than a 60 million a year. That's right. That's why all the underlings here can't make enough money to scrape together to buy a damn sandwich. Because he's got to give way in all the money from this joint. Nice going, Eric. Oh. Can you imagine the real studios we could have in this place with a equipment that worked if we weren't given ball to all that money for most of this marginal crap. I mean, the only thing we got on this station that draws an audience is for our sports is that often that's the only sporting event that we have on this station that draws an audience. And even their numbers, since they, you know, they cymelcastine power, which was absolutely ridiculous that, you know, they insisted on that. A lot of the NFL teams are insisting that with their radio broadcasts. They're just being on AM and your FM also. And they said, OK. So that, and of course, also being on CMQ and Spanish and almost there became on television. So by the time you narrow that down, it doesn't leave too much of the pile of over, baby. Just a little tiny here. PIE. So there you go. But that's OK because, you know, the man up there, he's obsessed. He's, I wouldn't be surprised if he was a jackstrap. You know, he's always in that nobody knows what he's doing in there. He's probably running around with a jackstrap shooting hoops, you know. What is Walkman on? Listen to, you know, broadcast games from 10 years ago. Because he looks real athletic to me. Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Hello. Yes, sir. Good day. How you doing? Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Good day. Yes. Good night. Good day. Good day. Oh. He's got to hug up, go to bed. See this? Good day. We're out enough for a barbecue tonight. And I've put it on in there. The live-multif Tommy<|th|> bought a seasoned crab. And will be probably going to be a little bit easier because they have a lot of  who they like. That are a lot of people who can't carry the drick. I think the African American thing is the thing to make white people feel better about it. I mean Negro is, you know, Negro is some reminds me of like a Stephen Fetchie, you know, old black sandblow. That's Negro. And black, you know, black, black is black. And now what the song said black is freaking black. That would have should have been a bit of a change. Okay? We, we, I mean, we moved from Negro to Negro to, was not a derivation. And what the guy said the other day? What a moron you are sir. Yeah, Negroly. Well, that's a derivation of the, yeah, right. You're a derivation of a, uh, a species. Here's Margie. Hello. Hey, what are you doing? Great. I just wanted to call you. It's been a long time. So I've been able to call you. I've been playing off the ticket to gay meals while I was one of the, the lucky guys who got one. All right. And, um, couple of things. Uh, next week I'm going to take my wife, uh, to Ruth Chris for the first time. Excellent choice. What do you recommend? Well, whatever you like. You like a rib eye? Uh, no. But I'm not laid in the state, you know, like a big fat juicy. The, remember you never had a rib eye steak though. Probably not. Rib eye steak. Trust me. I know it doesn't sound, uh, bleeding. That's the tastiest, the juiciest, the best rib eye steak. You get you some like the barbecue shrimp and a big fat rib eye steak with some of the side dishes like the, um, spinach or broccoli or rotten and the you'll go nuts. Okay. Fantastic. Listen, my five year old pride knows more about hockey and a lot of these fans. Here. You're a little bit from spot check to everybody. But you've got some to say to you real quick. Okay. Okay. I knew a nice to meet you. And nice to meet you, sir. We'll be so soon in the basket. How come I knew he was going to say it works the lotion in the basket. Thank you, sir. God bless you. How the good. Okay. We have an open line in Broward. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. See we're going to have every kid in America. Every guy kid in the world is going to be running around saying, Did puts the lotion in the basket and the adults are going to be saying, say, what? Say what? Come on. Get with it already. It works the lotion in the basket. Here's a mobile in key largo. Hello. I have a train number. Yes, we are. Hey, they got it all wrong. They're pronouncing it wrong. It's not African American. It's a freaking American. A freak, yeah. Is that AFR IQUE? Hey, anyways. You know, I thought this was a big joke with Rimmer being the chief man, but did you ever watch the tape of the Montreal game? I know you went to it. The tape of the Montreal game? No. No. No. Why do I want to rewatch a game? I don't know. Here he interviewed a guy. I think he was a journalist from Edmonton and Jim Matheson or something. No. He says, oh, he's a good friend of his, of course. And the guy said, no, Jim Houston probably from Vancouver. I'm not a hero's name. Yeah. He's there all there to see Pablo, of course. Right. And he said, well, if you're staying longer, he says, I take out golf. And I got to say, well, he says, you know, we have six or seven spy reports on something about going out to dinner and then remember five of who he is. Hey, finally gave it up. Yeah. Okay. I have it. And have a great day, sir. What about those meals, Rimmer? They stuck. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, on the AT&T Wireless Line 22 till 2 at QAM. You know, one of the most critical decisions you'll ever make is who to choose is your Realtor. If you're buying or selling, who you choose is a crucial for, of course. If you're buying a home this person needs to know the neighborhood you're going to be moving and doing like the schools, the churches, the resources. If selling you need somebody who can successfully negotiate the protecting investment you've got in your house. So go see the difference between ordinary and extraordinary service, call the Joan and Rob Zucker team, a cold-well banker real estate. Joan, Rob Chris, David Becky and Bernardine, make up cold-well bankers number one sales team in Broward County. They've got over 40 years combined service and these folks can up your final relocals, locate to the home of your dreams. And even though they specialize in West Broward, there is like Western and cruel springs out my way in plantation and the acres, they can help you in all three counties. I'm going to come to selling. Nobody anywhere has got a better success rate of getting the price you're selling at. In fact, the Zucker team receives on average 97.3% of the list price on all the homes they market. So, call the Zucker-well banker team today. 1-800-5575698, or email them at homesUSA at aoL.com. Joan and Rob Zucker, a cold-well banker real estate, you'll find them in the font and shops of plantation or column again. Here's that toll free number. 1-800-557-5698. This is 560, you A.L. Choose your favorite time-wester standing in line for Marlon's World Series ticket. Hang around that house waiting for the prize patrol, or sitting in your practically new car waiting to have your emissions checked. Tonight at 11, Chem-Chan Eyes of the News investigates Florida's vehicle inspection system. What we found was an old system that has very little to do with the environment and a lot to do with money. Channel 10 is live, local, lake-breaking. So much, at 11. I'm here, don't wait for them. We have changed them in mortal peace. I feel because I like them. On with the sword as I never ending you off for a stranger. For a single person to distress the Johnson. It's a matter of me to do that. No. That's long as she does me through the end. You charge in the afternoon next week. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Saturday night at 11.30 on the 11.00. Channel 10. On the board of fun chips of kind of a cruise line for the WCWNWO cruise cruise 90 down. Join the Nitro Girls, but Bagwell and other WCWNWO super stars for action pack four day cruise. The MSX-CC set sail from Miami on Monday, May 17. The return is Friday, May 21. Port of calling through three ported NASA and the Bahamas. It's a party at the International TV. Live current, there's much from the MSX-CC port. Air on Monday night, drove from our very own nitro party. Plus, via a part of our live paperview taking up nitro's favorite sweetheart. Good night. Good night. It's the WCWNWO cruise cruise 99. We're in the last two places. One of this will call now. 1-800-929-5894. Log on to WCWNW.com for information on how to reserve a cabin down. On the most popular cruise lines in the world. Since run through library in Panama, cards of interchange. Get on board the Bruce Cruise down called 1-800-WCW-5894 to reserve your cabin. Where do you find? A Goldberg. Right where do you got? A Super Mario 560 QAL. If you're a young beautiful girl who's at least in 8 out of 10. And has the map the same score for IQ? Bill Clinton has a place for you. It's the school for under-privileged kids building immediate learning. Suck Bill for sure. At Suck Bill, your little girls will be educated in all the fine arts that will make them a success in today's Clinton world. They'll enjoy such guest teachers as. Ted Kennedy, this semester will be broken up into web-miss-two pots. We will be doing giggling and giggling. And get which one do you girls have the want to stop with? Oh, no! That looks like we'll be doing giggling. So if you're a little toody, we're a little short on brains. Suck Bill will give you all the skills you need to go down all the way to the top. I'm sorry little girl. What did you say? I said, how am I doing Mr. Kennedy? I think you're getting the point to quite well. Suck Bill, or someone else will call today. 142, thank you so much. Had five 60WQM. By the way, we got a note to filter down amongst the come down the shaft from Bend over our program director. What did I decide to call? Bend down. Mr. Bend down. And he said, by the way, always knew you were a genius, but you're right about Chelsea's boyfriend. Okay, let's go to a four buyers, hello. Can you go, Max? Yes, sir. I saw for more year in school. I had a non-cooking agent now. I didn't know. I know South African became an absolute American citizen. Yes. I was maintained that he was a black white South African American, but he said no, he was really a black white South African American. Yeah. I think Caucasian from France is straight enough to go down. How much is Oreo, my dude, the job? Okay, we have an open line in broad or data. Where in hell is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty, honey? I say, let's keep it to one syllable words. Okay. One syllable words. Spook, gook, kite, spick, nick, walk, walk. There you go. Pull, my pull off. He can't pull off stupidity. Yeah, pull off new the job. Unless his willies. Huh? That's what the Pope said. Pulled off new the job. Okay, let's do a mobile in candle, hello. Neil, yes. Yes. There already is another sports station. There's a station at the Miami Springs, Samuel Casting, one on one sports. River to hell that is. But the thing is, well, we're in minutes. So in other words, that's the station they were referring to with all these big rumors going out of on here. I can, well, this one's been on the year for quite a while. And, uh, it'll be even a herd of it. It's got about five watts. You can, you can, once you get past the 112 that's first way or once you get past it. Well, that's your point. You've got the worst information. What did they blew them out of the court channel, huh? Hey, anything I'm calling about, did you hear about the isolated incident yesterday? No. I've got another one. A good AME minister, which is the Ashwarcher Church, got, uh, is in trouble for, uh, Diddling with, uh, you know, you've got all these, you're a young. From, from somewhere between, oh, from O'Cala, the Tampa. Yeah. So, uh, thanks for the good news and put you up. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here. We got one of a bag, pike, spick, Mick, Jake. Check now, gook, or check, or jam. Check out that. Here's a mobile AME bee, tell him. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir. I'm a long time listening. I called you one time. When some, when you were nearly, some, some chick played a fart, You know a bit of a lot of that? Yeah, I'm on. Yeah, I'm on. Do I remember that I can still smell it? Ha ha. Well, listen, I don't know what's all these people. I'm labeled the New York Weekend. I always thought I was in the American. Yeah. And they call him in New York Weekend. I go to Puerto Rico. I'm a New York Weekend. I go to New York. I'm a big. I'm a man with no land. Yeah, so now I get it. Let me give you a little piece of advice. I whip out that swishblade one time. We've been in front of their post. They'll call you Mr. Renotime. Have a great day, pal. Hey, I was calling you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you hit the coffee. There's my fart, drink you west. All right. That's what I hear. We haven't, why don't anybody want to go to Key West? Do you have any idea? I mean, if we want to, it'd be around a lot of facts. Just go to South Beach, or I can just go home. I mean, what's the point? Just talk with someone there, too. Now that's the new deal. Let's straight people beside Suds Coleman go to go to Key West. Is that what you're saying? Damn it. Yeah. I'm sorry. No, I really don't understand that. I mean, if you want to get south, there's plenty of places here. You can do it without going all the way down there. And then we're going to, uh, to Lane Highway to Hell. Is it deck right down there? It says worth taking your life in your hands to drive that highway down there? No way. Here's a lady mobile and Cooper city, hello. Hello, yes. I'm going to know that I'm not a you. I've got one because I'm, I'm to make him five books and I don't know. Be kind of sending to him. You don't start calling me son. I didn't call you a son. But anyway, me. I don't hear you want up or I'm when they study calling. Two bunch cubans of my friends or Italian study just. I never, I never called anybody cuban American or not. It was no up or a thing. I said, what? I'm when Italian study calling himself second generation. Second generation. That's when they said they want to be the turn that around. That's right. I'm second right now more sweetheart. That can. It's asked to run in Vegas, don't know. Yeah. You know, I just think that is on zero for you to. I'll get the African American because what's wrong? Because because what's wrong with someone's power and some of the African American. Let me ask you this question. Seriously, have you ever heard anybody call a Canadian African or African Canadian? No, I have never heard that. Well, why not? Are there black people in Canada? Yes, but that's not. That's their probability. But this is American if we choose to call these people African Americans. So another reason I'm a African American. If that was you saying. That's what I'm exactly what I'm doing. What is wrong with that? I mean, as you talk to me, I'm American. I mean, they're African American. But what do I call myself like an American American Fag and American. What is that? That's what you choose to call yourself. Well, no, and I would listen. If you want to call yourself that be my guess, but I don't think most black people woke up one day. It's that, hey, I be African American. They didn't say that. That was the white establishment. And then that. I know. So here's a new label for you. I think you always think to put them in a negative fashion. But what do I get if I can do? Do you make coolants? Do you? I said have a nice weekend. We have an open line of drought. 560 and 560 and 560 on the 18. Well, what was your point? Does anybody know what it was? No. No. She was just a little worked up. She'll be alright. She was a nice lady. At least she wasn't kind of sending that thing about the gym. Maybe you're just in there voice. You know, that tone in their voice? Were they talked to you like, like, just be patient with me because I'll take my, you know, ah, man. There's that very snoring looking down. You know, it was kind of thing with a Jamaican women, man. Just, and I was okay. Maybe even though what she was saying was, well, crap, but she was nice. Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Did you read there? The Smurvete Articola, the augurs, the truck of contributes is gold. Playing a building better by playing with the augur. Yeah, well, of course. You agree with that? Well, of course. Well, and naturally, I mean, look at Chip Miller and Jon Herdina now. They changed the lines. And all of a sudden, those guys are scoring goals. But the fact is that even after he's on another line, now, Yager and our structure is still playing great. But the next one, that's going to be a part of it. Okay. Don't you think that Whitney and the need of Mara are going to be playing a hell of a lot of veteran score more. Already are than the other buries here. Right. When you play with greatness, it brings out the best. If you've got it, if you don't have it, it doesn't make any of it. Who you play with? So to speak. So to me, like tonight now. Who do I like? Why you want to bet on a game? Yeah, what's the number on that path? There's pegwa-shing. Oh, oh, my god. Then now they burst my bubble. They're talking about that. That Jeff Heiss, soon as he comes in, he starts spreading bad rumors. You know, some other sports station going on in the air and he spread rumors that this is going over there and Joe's going there and Hank's going there. Hank just signed a new four-year deal here. He's not going anywhere. Oh, I'll be honest with you. What they're doing to him, it'll be lucky if we can keep a life for four years. They keep slipping around these places. It's 11 before two at five, 60. Let me see how my face is feeling on fire right now. Okay, for those who are keeping track. How about my, uh, my neck? How's it looking in there, huh? Looking okay. Let's go to the woods this morning. You're good. Great. There you go. Okay. Good clinic, Dr. Poskudnyak. It's a good guy. If he's good enough for the Panthers. In fact, he said to me yesterday, he's in the middle of examining me, he said, Boy, if you ever saw Pawel Brey naked, and I said, yeah, I need this kind of Snickers. Hey, if you're feeling lucky, speaking of that, there's actually 24 hours today at Hollywood Semero Gaming, which is given away more than a billion dollars since the open of 1979, and you could be the next big winner. Hey, if I could have been your defenders with a chocolate banner. Valentine's time, Sunday, up the night of 12, take the one-to-love to the lonely cancelling in front of you. If you're friendly, you're really good friends. If Valentine's time is all the juggle one night, that's the epic. If the world does right, you can't. Yeah. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. If you're not. Yeah, that garbage would have known on Valentine's Sunday. Now.