4th rank in the 5th rank, another 2AM, my Ame port Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, the ret� of the Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dated rower. No, more palp 560 on yourself, no, the opinions of Neil is guess, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAM, meaning that position or the Neil Rogers now, Neil Rogers on the 4th rank, a new Neil, my queen, God! The Neil's here, the Neil's here, the Neil's here, is so hard to be my son, because the crew had ironed, so I gave everyone a dance, on the charts, and the audience, and we sing just like girls, and we wear really tight, I think. Alright, we thank you for all the, all we made to patience, and I think I'm confused, that will hear you, and don't know what's the end of that dance, baby, if boys do they, the sound of the round, if they could sell the same, hear what they for me, they can't judge a word, and boys don't do, shall be back in time, it's out just like a... I can't you, it's gone, dear, it's gone, all my friends, just for a few days, baby, you're back, my queen, I can't you, I don't know what you think, but I know this song's sing, no matter now, we all have to choose, over asking to you, so I'll name it, no, just with you, hey, I'm so sorry, oh, oh, hey, hey, it's 10.03 at 5.60, WQAM happy at Wednesday, while we had our meeting yesterday, we held our meeting, it was a great time was had by all, and by the way, I just want to, I don't want to dwell on this anymore, I don't want to give it many more publicity, although a lot of people, the rumors are going around, that it was OJ, but I thought it was just another hostile sparks, the cold, and I just moved right along, and I've had 400 spy reports saying, oh, that was OJ, they called, giving me that cryo, I got some real tough, you know, on a radio, and you know, something I'm glad I could have, it was, you know, I'm real glad. So the first thing we discovered this morning, while we come in here, someone I can't imagine who it was, has left us, an autographed, she the paper here, an autographed thing, from Friday's Gulf, and it says, WM celebrity Gualtermet presented by a nickelode, how do you like that? I wonder if Nickelode knew that he was going to be there. September 24th, Lago Mar Country Club, and it's got two autographs on it, and it says, to Neil, OJ Simpson, number 32, and then it's got Lawrence Taylor, an LT, signed it on a bottom. Do you think this is worth something? I want to say these, first of all, the announcement from Greg Gregg, yesterday at our meeting was, in regard to OJ, you're a persona non-grad of those of the exact words. This station wants nothing to do with you. We don't want to see you. We don't want to hear from you. I don't want to talk to you. We don't want nothing to do it. Okay. And by the way, as far as this, you suck holes up there. I mean, some of the worst calls I've ever heard in my life, and that's covered a lot of territory, with these idiots calling yesterday. What's wrong with you, an autographed from OJ, and then the guy that was giving me a song to dance about trying to rationalize it because he's a collector. Remember what Andy Garcia said to a Sophia Copeland, Godfather III? Love somebody else? Well, get somebody else's goddamn autograph. I collect something else. What a bunch of mercenary goddamn clowns. Oh, I'm a collector. Trying to excuse the fact that you're a star struck. If it would have been Ted Bundy, you would have said, oh, I'm a collector. You know, he's dead. His autograph would be worth a lot. So anyway, here's this thing with OJ and LTs. Oh, geez. You're not tearing it up, are you? God damn, it's somebody in this audience wanted it. It's worth a lot of something. It's worth a lot of crap. Straight in the last girl. See, I know it comes as a great shock to some of you idiots out there. Some of the sports nerds. There are those of us like real people who are not impressed. We're not impressed. Jock's present day past day. We don't care. I mean, some of them are nice people. I like some of them. I admire the athletic ability. I enjoy watching the games. Like I watched the least speech of Kago and overtime in the next business game last night. Four to three. Nice going, baby. There you go. Daniel Markov gets to what he goes with 15 seconds left. I watched that had a great time. Thanks. Remember by the way, for Tommy was on. That's your good friend. My best friend. Back here. Come on. I'll go right to the show today to take a shower with me. In fact, if you would just take a shower with the remember, maybe you'd get to be better friends with him. Who brings the soap on a rope? You know, brings it. Rhoi. That's what I hear. So in any right, we don't want your. We don't want nothing to do with you. Go, yeah. You understand. We're collectors. Yeah. Just rationalizing your pathetic. Like a van you. You have no values. You have no, no nothing. No conscience. That's why America is turning into a toilet. That's why we got all this crap going on. That's why all these kids have gotten a respect for human life and for each other. And for you or for anybody else. Because there's no values. It's kind of what's going to do with morality. It's got to do with just general common sense. He's in see. Oh, but he'll, you know, you really kill two people that we know of right. We don't want to talk to you, okay? Murderer. We don't want to talk to you. We don't want to do with you. I have a pair by the way, Greg Reed was, you know, how I feel about giving stuff away on the air. It's like death now, but I do it real fast. Because opening night this Saturday at the McAureenir for the Panthers of Washington, Capitol game is not sold out. How do you like that? How to sell out yet? And as much as the stain as I have for some of the people in the organization and many of the things that they've done the last two or three years. The fact is that, you know, if we want to support our Panthers, we got to fill out God damn place up, at least opening night, where would be pretty embarrassing. Don't you think? I'll be pretty embarrassing. So here's a parrot tickets. These are the sparing out here something that's worth something because they don't care these. When you go in like the ordinary tickets where they care the stuff off, these they just to take a look at in the hand-to-backery lightly. I think they stamp them or something on the back. But these are a row one seats to nine and ten. These are 105 bucks a piece under the special opening night tickets with a big panther, you know, like three times a size of usual ticket. And I'll give them way to somebody out there if there's any interest. I don't want to spend a lot of time on this because the last God damn thing I want to do is spend a lot of time giving crap away again. Because since last November we've stopped giving crap away and we are kicking. Yeah, I mean, like that. And spite of people is you're being such a genius over there at the other station. A killer company. And by the way, I don't know why I'm not going to do it again. See Tom Jicker got me whipped up a little bit, you know how you get caught up and all this stuff in the field stuff. And so the last Monday and again this morning, I listened to while for Rick and said that I like so. So it's such as a great guy. We all love him. Anybody that knows him is a terrific guy. And you only went out occasionally inject a little bit of dry humor and something into that proceeding. But boy, that's a god awful show, you know. I mean, it's just a horrendous. It just goes nowhere. It just lays there. And of course, in the morning, you know, when you're trying to get up and look a little lurk for that. Last thing you want is like, you know, death. Well, Adam's not there anymore. We can rip her a can. You know, we always, oh, we liked Adam. Why did Adam leave? Did we ever find out the reason? Because I heard somebody call about that this morning under show. And they were kind of evasive. Yeah, he's gone. Okay. Next topic. He had had enough. Really? Because actually he always hated Rick anyway. Now we can say that now that he's gone, we always tried to cover that up before. And it's I don't dislike Rick. Huh? You hate him. I don't hate him. Oh, you do so. You wanted to stop. Let me just stop. But we've had our ups and downs. We ended on a pretty positive note. Yeah, I like Rick. He's a good guy. No, he's not. He's in a nigma. But I don't dislike him. But it's just that, you know, they're in the afternoon. They're fine. You know what I'm saying? I realize they couldn't match up. Now you weren't here yesterday, although you heard some of the show. You were here yesterday for the major announcement about the afternoon number on Stupid talk at 50,000. I realized I'm going to get several times yesterday. But it's just, I mean, it's so stately to me. You put a new, well, farting on a year for three hours. You think you better than a point nine. Shut up, bitch. I want everybody to hear what was a point nine. How can you do less than a one? This is the third person they put on a year since they transferred from Paxons in the queer channel, bought this, uh, bunch of stations. The third people that they've had on the year do a less than a one share. They've missed a year ago in the morning, doing like a point five and six. They had John Ford in the morning. It was on his way to a point one. He was on a way to a, is what he was a zero. And she's doing a point nine and he afternoon. And that was following Lardaz Limbaugh. What's he going to do following three hours a gym room? He's going to be in a minus column. That's going sweetheart. He's taking, I'm getting thirsty. You're just dying and knows where the judge did blow cocaine. Get this all out of the fence. No Washington. He can bet cocaine. Yeah. He just smiles all the while and deny. cocaine. Kv in us from there to room for another day. cocaine. Now he's wanting your nose, but don't ask him about cocaine. You'll just lie and he'll smile and disdain. cocaine. You tell your drugs about it. Except for one day. cocaine. And we're all being shown. This part is one big blur. cocaine. You've turned. What a shame. It's a scam. It's a grand. Oh. cocaine. Yeah, you thought pretty tough to me. 10 16 at 5 60 WQA. If I were to know that was him, you could be on the least. Another two three seconds. Just enough time to say, hey, how's that the murder we're doing? Click. So at any rate, we'll make this quick and painless. What we, with the tickets, are we dragging out? WQA and Georgia's filing is nails. Yeah, fine, what is this? This is nail. I nail this is life. I do mine. I love to bend. Hey, did you give away those Florida pants and tickets? Did you say? They, uh, I, uh, I mean, I probably got the wrong one. But I guess the, the job before you. The one? The Joe show is before you. Yeah. I guess this is, uh, I worked for commercial cleanup. I'm sure Marvin called you a lot. I don't know if you, if you hang up on him a lot. I know. Oh, yeah, he's an asshole. Martin. But I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I was just, Joe Joe. Joe Rose was given away. Panther tickets. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It like a hunter. But I was just wondering if, you know, they gave him a way. I didn't know. Oh, those guys are gone already. Oh, are they really? Yeah. Oh, man. That's bag is on now. I, I don't say anything about anybody. You know, what they are, they are. They say like Marvin. He's an asshole. We don't say that either. Oh, Marvin's face to your face and tell you turns around. That's hard. He's a backstab and piece of crap. You got that? Okay. So anybody want these tickets? Well, we got it. We got to have fun with them for crying out loud after the trauma we've been here last couple of days. George was out sick yesterday. Of course he was working on it. He had he worked himself into a fit of being sick because he had a premonition. He knew there was going to be some heavy crap going on. And if he would have been witnessed to the Bob Eisenberg thing yesterday. The me elevator, which I told the story after he stopped listening at the end of the show. Oh, my God. Who told those myths and they lost to get Bob Eisenberg? Oh, look at that. He's doing a tough on us now. Look at that. Come on Bob. It's only a ball game. Will you grow up? A little bit Eisenberg. You silly person you. And by the way, that wig. By the way, you know, something I hadn't seen him at a long time. He has got new hair. Right? He did not do the smart thing. He'd go to Chuck Alphair. Which would have been bigger than him. He might look like he human being. But he's got something a different animal by it on his head now. He gets it updated. I think this was like a musk rat this time, instead of like a mouse. Like a sum of some of the larger rodent. So anyway, these are like right in the front row. Look at the 133 seats 9 and 10. Hmm, can't wait to give these away. But I will. So anyway, speaking of hockey and how come I don't get my hero this morning? You know, there's something going on. Not that I'm not that I'm that I'm paranoid. You know me. Never been paranoid because that work in a radio business. Yeah. But for some reason, I don't get my hero. I get my son's channel, which of course is more important. But no hero. Then I come here and there's all kinds of heroes sitting around. So I pick one up and here and why who else in his town need section H8 stands for Homo hockey. NHL preview 99 and here's a whole special section of the hero this morning. Nice. Come on. Time to get something right. Hello David. Jane. Neil. Let's party that was the Hoosod Shaco. I'm real unhappy about him picking the leases. The seven seed in the guy named Eastern conference. What? David. You wouldn't know a guy named Maple Leaf if it fell off a tree and got Lodge in the middle of your goddamn breakdown. Yeah. And then of course on a back page of this very defense palliants mob allegations. They're starting this crap again about his buddy who the FBI identifies as a Russian monster. We don't care if he has 50 bodies of our Russian monsters. We like Russian monsters as a matter of fact. We like Jewish monsters. We like Italian monsters. And we especially like Russian monsters as long as Pablo needs a stays helping. And now that not at Peter Warwell, the big black hope now that he's injured, got to be out five or six weeks, who's got to protect Pablo? And I've picked up the paper this morning in the Sun Sentinel. Warwell must miss five weeks. Who will protect Burai now? I don't want to get too hockey intensive. Just got to pair tickets to give away here. We can't afford to do that. But Barry Jackass, you know, Barry, how is it possibly so consistent? Panthers had legendary boys McDonald's 60 on radio team. But Jake's McDonald's, who like I told you is a great guy. And I heard Jake's do that first exhibition game that was on a year with Atlanta. I did a good job. Sounded great. I played a couple of highlights. And then I heard him do that game here with Tampa Bay and it was like, so I would be verdict his out. But of course regardless of whether he really we captors the excellence of his youth, regardless of what happened. He still at 900 miles ahead of Christine Amor, who also Barry Jackass loved. This is just a puff piece here because that's what Barry does best. Is suck ass. He gets that chubby red face right in between your cheeks. And mmm, just looks away. But you know, if you're going to write an article, I mean, just once Barry gets some things right in there, get it right. Can you get it right? Oh, you can't do it. Fatso McDonald hasn't worked regularly for a team since his second and final year as TV voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1996, 97. He was not retained by Toronto because the team's long time announced your job, and moved from radio to television. Wrong. Yes, your bull and move from radio to television. But that's only because the fans demanded it because there was an outcry and because the media in Toronto sliced jigs up every day, every game mercilessly for two years and a zeroly so. Okay. I mean, he can come here and be a big improvement over what we had in a radio before. But when you're up there in Toronto competing with Joe Bowen and Bob Cole and the villain foster who it and all the announces they've had up there. Guess what jigs, uh, you're out. But of course, Barry doesn't want to tell it because that wouldn't be asked looking, which is what this town does best. Licky, licky, licky, man. That's all he loves to do here. Just kiss everybody's ass. Like a goddamn durable. Just get your head, this get your whole body in there, Barry. Come on. We'll get a goddamn excavator to get you out. Just keep a couple of toes out. McDonald who will team of returning analysts Randy Moore figures to pay closer attention to puck movement than Moore did. Moore would allow long stretches to pass without identifying puck location. What you're trying to say, Barry, but you don't have the balls to do it because that was another asshole buddy of yours was Christina Moore. Is that Chris Moore didn't describe the game? Is that what you're really trying to say, puddwacker? Yeah, but you don't want to say it. And by the way, what's happening with your guy damn fan that you're so excited about? I noticed there's nothing to hear about that. Chris is the hockey section and I don't have the record of sports section. But I guess he did have some little blurb in there about how Mercury Morris, about how he bailed out over there. He's gone. And the other day, they can somebody else because allegedly he was rude to a collar, which I'm sure Barry didn't approve of. Yeah, they can somebody allegedly because he was rude to a collar. Everybody else in the markets is the guy walked out because the place is a joke. Which like I said yesterday, they didn't show up in the ratings at all, Barry. And what's going to happen when Jim Romas on there from noon to three? Those sports nerds, those 10 or 20 sports nerds that are tuned in over there at 17, hundred now, they're all going to be going up to a stupid talk. Here can drive sports controversy. I wouldn't be surprised that they don't make it till the end of the year. Waffen. I wouldn't surprise me at all. And wouldn't be all laughing if Waffen don't make it till the end of the year. We'll be laughing at you, Barry. But nice to see that you're still still in the, store in the stuff in your cheeks for the wintertime. Like a chipmunk. Do you see the new picture of him? Like this. Looks like he's got a mouthful of something. What's in there, Barry? What's in that big ugly pussy, you're us? We can only imagine. I can relate to it. So what I do with those tickets, that I lose those damn tickets? See what I should have done, I was given away that autographed thing. It was just a sheet of paper. It was like a copy of the program for the golf tournament. I guarantee if I would have given that away the call would have got, oh yeah, I'm a collector, I got to have all j's autograph. Guess what? You lose two. Here's a mobile in high, LIA, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How did Peter well enter his meat? He tweeted in the Tampa game. Is it a trap again? Okay, I was just wondering if he felt on the stairs or something because he can't escape. Yeah. And also, I was listening Saturday to who's that guy? And I'll say it more in the little event. Kim Bo Kamper. Yeah. And he's talking about how much I'm making. He mentioned that you and some other guy, the other one was made over a million a year. I don't know if you were listening or not. No, you don't say how much you make on the radio. Yeah. So that's all I had to say. Thanks. Thanks. What is it your business? How much I'm making? Kim Bo, although it was probably meant in the very complimentary way. And I was very, very tight. But he's the fact we shower together every opportunity. I wouldn't be surprised. You know, if I sit down and think about it, that he may be my next friend. My next best friend a little bit. Oh, and by the way, speaking of a river. So also, Jason here says, Jeff, rumor and Denise Pintman return on sports channel 70 system package. I'm not applying or looking for Jeff John McDonald said when asked about his interest in doing television again, Jeff is a friend of mine. And we even shower together a lot on those occasions when Jeff is in shower with the arangers. How do you like that? What do you want to trouble maker? You are Barry. What a piece of craft trouble maker. Who, you know, well, you want to do TV? I think you get that rim around there because he's friends with the arangers. You know, that's what a very jackass is coming from. Isn't it pathetic that that's the essence of your life, Barry? Is now just to try to respond to your paranoia and psychotic hatred of me and Hank, because that's all you're all about now. Even the people at the Harrell tell us that. You keep, you know, break out and do any duff's all the time over there at your desk. Oh, yeah, every kind of look over to death. There's Barry. So there's heavy, very weekend. Find like a little child doing a duff. Well, Barry, get off your duff. Yeah, cut the crap. What a place this is, baby. What a place. I saw my close personal friend. My best friend Peter Lenin this morning came in here about that note yesterday and a poor and that pornographic picture of his little kids by the way. Tell your kids to put some clothes on. Okay, I'm not a pedophile. I'm sorry. And you know, he's got a little boy, a little girl just in case he wasn't sure. One for me and one for you, I guess. We're no pedophiles in here. I'm sorry, Peter. Now we like him. He's okay. He's just misunderstood. He's just a crazy person who's misunderstood. You know, I fed Monday. Why don't we keep talking about Ted Bundy this week for some reason. He just keeps going to my mind. 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQAM, whatever this is. Yeah, we had a good productive meeting yesterday. We're getting an 800 line for you. People on a West Coast. Everybody else who's listening. What if's going to happen? It should be very soon. We're also getting rid of this guy. They're in the new instrument in here. We're going to get some things done around here. Finally. Finally. I got a general flaw. Can't you be funny? No. Can't you be funny? Can't you be funny? Can't you be funny? No. Can't you be funny? Where he's gone? Look at that cousin. We need you. But if he watched me do some more. That's why the next one is. Go to the Polish. He's got a near. He's my old friend. That region. We're playing our lives. No. No. I believe that this is never good. Here's our home. That everything's so good. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day. We are going to have a good day. We're going to have a good day.üşenемся. ouch. No. All in Larry. What? What? What's the mandatory phrase? Let's hear it for both of us. I see that whole great bit and didn't mention Dorothy Killjell in one. I've gone, Boca. Anyway, you know, Michelle Gillen, if there's anybody out of violent person, it's a grotesque barbaric country. But every now and then these things come into your mind. You don't even have to suppress them. These instincts, these impulses that you would just like to beat the crap out of somebody. Michelle Gillen happens to be the one person in this town. And then all every time I hear a voice or see her pathetic, slimy push, that comes to mind. She just makes me nauseous because she's such a self-serving bitch. Such a pseudo-intellectual, such a goodie too shoes, such a pretty piece of crap. And they had a great story on Channel 4. I guess it's part of an ongoing thing that they're doing, you know. And about the kids and highly, what most of that, I was on vacation. Was that what happened, I believe? And they went off for lunch during the lunch hour. And, you know, they're in a big rush like all the kids are. And they got into a wreck in a couple of kids got killed, right? Am I right? Two or three? And so right away on the heels of that, the mother of the one girl and a bunch of other people have decided the answer to that is, don't let the kids off the ground during lunch hour. And the sad part of that deal is that kids can go out because kids like to hotrod anyway. And they can get into a wreck at any time. After school before school, kids who drive are like 100 times as dangerous as anybody else generally speaking except for old people who drive and old Cuban zoo drive. And old Cuban women who drive and young Cuban women who drive. And farches who drive and Haitians and Jamaican zoo drive. And old Jews who drive Jew can use. But other than that, teenagers are pretty dangerous. So anyway, she's doing this thing this morning, which is a great, I mean, it's a big story. Well, we're doing, I applaud Channel 4 for doing it. I condemn them with all of my heart for putting her voice and her involvement in the story. Because she's so seropy and so good to use. And old mushy's gonna look into it with some more. And she's gonna do this. I mean, just get her off of there, okay? The essence of the story is that the kids in Dave County and the public schools and high schools anyway have got 40 minutes for lunch. And the reason that so many of them get in the cars, they drive somewhere. Usually, of course, the fast food joints because we're also getting 80 and 40 minutes is because they're running out of food. They just have to stand on a long line. And by the time they get to the guy damn left, there's no more food left. Anybody ever hear such a thing? No, no, in my life, I never heard of such a thing. And then when they finally do get to the food, it's like, crap. And they showed a bunch of slob, a slob pizza, okay? That ponytail would have been embarrassed by. And then got some, I don't know where, but animal woman and she's there with a plastic glove on one hand. Like a saran wrap, you know, those real paper thin saran wrap gloves. And the other hand, she's got nothing. And you know, she's picking her nose and sticking her finger with her rectum, whatever else she's doing. And then she's serving them up slices of pizza and handling the money. And there's all this schmutz all over the place. And she's handling all the food. So even if there were enough food to go around, the kids didn't have to brain. They want to get there out of there. What it comes to go to lunchtime. You see what I mean about how much you people care about kids? This is a disgrace. And they are pinga. Here again, this is in your county sweetheart. This is in Miami, date county. Where the kids in high school can't get a goddamn lunch. So they have to take their lives at her hand and go out in their hot rods. And jam in seven and eight to a car to try to go out to McDonald's or Burger King or Wendy's or Taco Bell or a Play-O-Crop account or some of the goddamn place and get it to get some freaking lunch. And this is what's going on. I realized that the county mayor that he isn't in charge of the school system, but nevertheless, this is all the part of the quality of life that goes on. And the meantime, you want money for God damn, you know, for to build more metro rail. Which everybody said, oh, to thank God. Some freaking nerve you got. And then we got these assholes talking with John Henry about, oh, we'll find somebody somewhere. I'm going to tell you again for the eight million times and you better write this down. Okay, right on the way in, it's bald spot. Any person in data, Broward, who comes up with some devious money to take some devious plan to take any kind of tax money and give it to this crazy millionaire, this lunatic, this piece of walking, direct with his bald club. I must be crazy. I must be not him. That person is going to be in serious tourists with everybody. They better not have any future political plans. I'll tell you that. And some of us will make sure that. Because this is a disgrace, an area where the goddamn crowded school sucks to begin with. And kids going to school in portables. 30, 40 kids to a classroom. And we got kids waiting online for a half an hour to get lunch in and by the time they get there, all the food is gone. Maybe there might be a couple of slices of papy runey there or let's form something like that. And you hope by that time you can imagine you can imagine if you're in the end of the line. How many times the broader channel in the food had her hand in her echo. Somebody else is about the time you get up there. Got only knows what kind of crap she's got all over her hand. And she's handling the food. That was gross. That's terrible. Just enough to make you cry to make you do a duff. I'm Tanya. I sat there. I like it was either the story or Michelle Gillen's voice. One of the other maybe you want to cry. Maybe you want to start squirting them all over the goddamn place. Squirting? Yeah. But I restrain myself because being a real man. I don't like you cry that much. Except when I come in here. I could understand. Believe me. I cry. This is the place. Believe me. What I said. Oh, Greg. It's a lawsuit. It's a lawsuit. I'm talking to these people here are just astonishing. They're shocking. Amazing. Peter. Peter Leonard. I thought was going to start squirting a few in here this morning. He was misty eyed. And I was misty-fi. And then he starts telling Ron Goldman jokes about. Here's a nice Jewish boy. It's so hard to find a Jewish waiter. And he could slip a veal promise on. I mean, the stuff that comes out of his mouth is like, um, and nobody in the history of the human race could duplicate it. I'll guarantee that he's one of a kind. Thank God. Peter Leonard. In our sales department. Thank you very much by the way, uh, queer channel. And he's okay. He means well. See, that's the bad part of him. Some people are assholes and they don't mean well. I don't want to mention no names in sales. I don't want to mention anybody specifically. Like Bob Eisenberg. That asshole. What are we going to do with them? You know something Bob Eisenberg? I put the curse on him. I'm not sure if he's going to be sure they got four games left to lose them all now. Because you open up your mouth with that idiotic comment. He elevated yesterday where I'm worrying about the future of my life. And the most important thing you can worry about is see what's wrong with my met. You're a silly person Eisenberg. You're a simple, any, you're a silly person. God damn it. He's an asshole. We better give these tickets away. But we got to do a break. Don't you, tough. Beer. All y'all. And sing. It's. Get in the brand you got back. This song's from. 6-B. Yes, give it to my dad. Oh. He wanted the girl to kiss her. It's cool. You've gone a half to lose weight. A bunch of men. Get off your stuff. You're probably taking the game. But we're not. You're just looking over. the If you're familiar with the original version of this on your two-hole to shop at the gap 144 or 560 WQAM so we're gonna go ahead. He's panther ticket in just a second But before we do that so speaking of the NHL season which are we excited about that? I am got my site Remember calls me up last night. Oh, it's on channel. Oh, whatever it hell was on the small dish I told you the small dish is the way to go, baby And there was even over the sports channel Chicago telecast with the Pat Foley who is very good by the way But when you're a leafy and you don't want to watch God in somebody pat Foley do you know they have a hawkslees game? But nevertheless least blow to lead in the last minute of play when they'll crack ties again for Chicago and for the first time ever I had a chance to see the four on four Over time and of course during the regular season you understand now that if you end it in time and a regular At the interregulation each team gets a point and then whoever wins in overtime if somebody scores they get a second point So now there's motivation for somebody to try to win for both teams to try to win and overtime as opposed to teams desperately protecting the tie and try to save the point So it makes it for a lot more exciting and it was it was a damn good overtime And there's a Daniel Markov a 15 seconds left for the lead the great pass from at Sunday scores the winning goal. I've gone Daniel That was he talking about does anybody know what I'm talking about? Oh no, it's so sad But I got to tell you this is a really nice job by the hero You know I get credit where credit is due and thank God they put very stupid column on a back page So probably most people won't see it Right next to that picture of a breadhole scoring you legal look at that look at that with this skate in the crease there And by the way that's the other piece of good news that rule is completely out this year The referee's all decide all goals there'll be no more replay the only replay on goals will be did the puck cross the goal line And out if there's a question about that, but no more that crap with the toe and a crease So in other words as long as nobody interfere with the goal tender the goal is okay And the referee will decide that. Thank God But here's the picture to show you what a forest Gary betman is and the whole league up until his year With his skate right there in the crease scoring the the phone he winning goal and gratsky Wayne gratsky needle Oh, yeah, if it means anything I thought it was a good goal and by the way I got that arthritis takes him Tylenol What a horror you are Wayne you're nothing but a goddamn horror this guy's got more millions He's got that really attractive knockout blind wife. Why have no idea what she's he's nimble except the money? And he's got a Tylenol spots which by the way is taking a lot of crap for look at his pop-held burays first level was swimming Hmm anybody want to see pop-ed on a bathing suit. What ever happened to that thing? It was doing for sports illustrator I guess he got the injury and Here's the usual suspects pantas on the hot seat rob need a mile. Hey, Robby we like you But oh man no balls Victor comes love big guy big strong skates around big circles robber's failure Terry Murray put him to sleep last year. He finished him off and air is Terry Murray talking about the men on the bubble the Murray boys These boys you're running a bubble this year So I'll start Saturday. God. I'm I'm psyched. I might well, I mean it's not gonna be very it's a terrible division I mean the best we can do is start with a Washington capitals Maybe there'll be another ball like energy with a black hogs. Maybe somebody will come over and give a bribery a black eye Yeah, that happened an exhibition game between Washington and Chicago The general manager and the and the coach got into a big general manager sucker part of the black hogs coaching him a black eye And they got into a brick ball big brawl which is probably more exciting than the game. Oh, I'm going air boys So there you go. We got hockey starting this Saturday at the macaroon. Let's get the things sold out. Come on. Let's get a little enthusiasm for the partners here We go come on Everybody's psyched is everybody ready? Okay, let's take a did we take any I guess just that one call? Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, yellow Maybe I'm pretty good sir. Have you heard anything about the SFM talks up here in northern Palm Beach County? Joe was talking about that yesterday. It's pretty I mean It's pretty lame. Yeah, it's the same because it's a great signal. You know, this way and it's FM Which is a you know There is a big step over the M as far as the quality goes, but We're like if in some local talent they got it's just not there. I wish they could bring your Henry up here in Henry Yeah, I know you know, I know you know way to get you up here, but why not? Well, okay. No, I mean I Why not that's not our market. That's a separate market There you go then. Let's do it. Let's do it. Hey, what's the name of the station one of the colors? ZDR WZR for another 50 bucks a week. They can put this show on there right now I'm glad to hear you got a 800 number for us up here. Yes, sir. That's right Palm Beach County Which I didn't even realize and Greg read finally festo because I guess it was to embarrass and Middend our meeting yesterday that even Palm Beach County can't get through one day at toll free right now And as a result when we get the 800 number you will be That's right my boss. I can't wait See the bill for that. Okay. Cell phone. Tom was an urgency Well, I'll take them the game. He probably really yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, great on it What is it? If you get if I could take them to the game with me You're stuck it around for the tickets. Is that what this call? Oh, okay. I listen, uh, Yannick parole Toronto. What number is he? Yeah, come on. I'm right. Okay. Sorry. No, I'm here. You're gonna have fans. You're a question I'm not just gonna give you tickets. It's a really good guy He likes to show and he's uh, you know, try to hook me up in Palm Beach on our radio station a great guy Thank you, sir. Don't take it personally unless you want to but I can't just give him way like that with all these people online here for These are valuable. These are $105 a piece Of course I could ask Panther numbers. I'll ask I could ask what number to stew Barnes were on the panters But that would be a trick question because two Barnes ain't on the panters. You know, I can't alike playing those games with people I like being like real direct, you know, like either answer this question or you don't That's all I want to kill a lot of time with this because we found out in the past that this is a tune out This is this is a disaster. I'll have Chris Wells stuff not only at Chris Wells had hurt the team But he also hurt my show because I got all psychotic and bent out of shape. Remember that's sure we do What I'm gonna stake that was back in those packs and days after we were off to that rip-oing start in the fall book and all of a sudden I get all wrapped up and I've grabbed that nobody cared about That's because George is best friend kept saying oh we got to do a hockey show He had the nerve to say that to me on a phone yesterday and was half serious Half serious half just half yeah, I won't tell you which half I think the bottom half is in breakfast. I have God got to do a hockey show and I said no no You're out of your mind mister and now you see how they I mean we still got a lot of calls on her But now that they know they're gonna have to answer some questions give me a number, you know They don't Clueless because we have no hockey fans on it. Why why is that what is the problem? Can anybody explain that to me? Oh, no They like it. They just don't understand it. They don't get it They know nothing about it. They haven't learned anything about it Maybe part of the problem was Christine and more sitting there telling so doing sit down comedy on a radio But nobody listed the radio for those games anyway Everybody was watching TV with Remor and probably Denise Patman it must be his it's fault For not educating anybody about the greatest sport in the world down here all they know about his God And they didn't even know about professional football all they want to talk about is the hurricanes if you listen to the rest of this station Her cones and the gators Gator suck her cones allow we used to think they were okay and every that's all I'm gonna talk about it It's a say how do you pronounce it P-E-R-I-L-E Meaning childish That's another one of those words that you see in print, but you never say it you don't know how to pronounce it P-E-R-I-L-E Peral Peral Peral Peral Peral Peral? No, yes Peral trusty Have you ever said that before? Just no, no, okay, now see I don't that doesn't sound right George says Peral I say childish slow-dead year do one out embarrassing Here's Miami. Hello It's just called second after the ticket. Yes, sir fire the question away. Yeah, okay number 27 Buffalo Sabers Hasic okay, thank you That's close Michael Pekka. I'm okay. I should sound the same's got the kind of ring to it 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T where I'll explain trying to give away a pair of tickets for opening night at the macarina baby It's gonna be great Capable for a game like the wind No Peter will realm That's been improving oh, I always think of that. I don't want to get hockey intensive, but I'll say this. I did read in this thing here I mean, are you serious Terry Murray this man is gonna put Victor cross-off at Center on Buries line and Scott melon be on the other wing. Oh my god Scott. I love you There's our cat and he's a good guy. He never met a rat that didn't kill is gives it is all every game Here's again Ray Wood may be because Terry Murray doesn't like him. He's only led to the team in scoring the last two years in a row It about every meaningful offensive category last year when he was playing with Burie with the most amic exciting stuff We saw those 11 games of whatever it was and oh no, we're gonna take instead of putting somebody who's fast I can compliment Barry Speedon talent. We're gonna take a slow plotting guy who when he skates You want to do a tough when you watch him try to skate up and down the ice because you know He's trying like hell, but he's really slow and ponders Does anybody with a brainwater put him online with the popbell beret? Oh no What are you doing Terry you're screwing up already? Why don't you let me make out the guy damn line up? Okay Terry make up the damn lines Jesus Christ So you know it's kind of an ambivalent feeling on the one hand it's our team We want to seem to well but on the other hand if just it's something happens that they do get off to his slow start There's always a silver lining in that dark cloud because it means we can pack a shubmarine Cham which were the boys that we got on the bus and we can shake it by to the Murray boys because it's a package deal Oh, yeah one goes the other ones got to go to you can't you know, it's like they're joined at the hip like Simon's twins Here's a mobile in West Palm hello. It's two for one get rid of both of them Yeah, I say What what happened in your meeting what did they say about your stale balls? They said yeah Yeah, that's what they said All right, so pretty quick question. It was very apologetic. Let's see Bobby Holika on the New Jersey Devils What numbers he wear number six Dean Okay, that was very good actually he had like a half right That was not in fact. I almost should have given it to him because that's his closest will come to a to a winner today I'll give you an easy one a minute and then we'll come up with a winner get rid of these damn things Because it'll you know me. I hate prolonging the agony with this stuff. I hate dragging it out Is that what what's his name said raw? He's dragging it out. That's why he took it like bill over that day. It's a lot easier Here's a mobile in Boker. Hello Meals two things first of all oh J. Simon. What a grass. You spell oh J right? No no this question no And I like the tickets because I like to take the tickets and don't add until your um eight You center one eight cause minus oh J What does that mean? In other words, if I win the tickets I was like the donating of somebody bit on the tickets No, no, we're not doing that. Okay five six seven you see why do people always do that with me? How many times does that happen? They want I'm given these away. We're not I mean we start the set of one thing By the way, I don't forget we'll be a spectacitiate noon to two with the saw grass right by Ruby Tuesdays And the stuff our CDs and cassettes go into all the spectators all over south Florida starting this Friday October one and I appreciate the sentiment there sir. All of now we are really don't because what you're trying to do is you're trying to change rules and that's given make me feel Compel to give them to you because then you're like you're doing you know something nice Which I don't want to do that. I want to give them to somebody who's a real hockey fan That's why I'm asking little questions here today to find out somebody who knows a little bit of something about the game and then They can go and enjoy it Sit right up there against the glass push there and those up against the glass and by the way those stains you'll see on the glass Those are from the patini of things that go down to watch practice people to game All those porkers Yeah, that's barados couldn't get late in the pickle pants. You know what I'm talking about all those real porkey rods Four minutes before 11 at five 60 WQM. We got the ankle. We're sure it too talking baseball Oh geez talking baseball is this how many more games we got I think three are we down to three Let's take a look We got this last one with the expo tonight that you that you'd garnish about a point one In fact, this is kind of like a book Daniel's game tonight That's about the level of what we're beginning Let me take a puke at this schedule here. Let's see. We got the one game tonight Marlins and the braves one two three four games left. That's it. Oh, hallelujah Then this feels better now that the season is almost over for us anyway for the marlins for them like I said then What's the session with hokey coming soon to what's here to near you every mail So everybody who's ever shown their butt featuring hundreds of aim-rich dancers with one thing in common a great set of Type-on Jeffrey lion fence. I've never seen so many butts before minor watch or either calls it a nine-stop Buds best Tom Cruise who's well, so best are so long Kurt Russell and Tonya Bander tennis friends Michael Douglas Arnold Schwarzenegg Kevin Bacon, January and nearly 350 other but she if you only see one positive This year make it every mail celebrity who's ever showed their bun Playing soon in selected cities check local instinct for the rungs newest you it's love no two at five 60 WQM here The second hour already and we still have a given way these guy damn beautiful big souvenir tickets Which are probably with almost as much as oh j's autograph Wouldn't you think especially that when I tore up on a minion pieces? I'm sorry about that because then other lot of collectors out there who are very serious who hate oh j like poison But they will take them on the anyway and that things in a waste basket now maybe we could take it together Yeah, like in your spare time just the sit-amander and like tape it's only at about 80 90 pieces In fact, I bet you if we gave I just collected all the pieces and we promised the mail of the somebody somebody would probably take it Here's the palm city hello Yeah, sir That was number 27 the two laid now I got a whole planet okay, okay, here we go here's the guy in the worst palm city by when Palm Beach North Palm Beach North Palm Beach yeah about 20 minutes of Palm Beach and you're gonna come all the way down to a pantheon game Saturday I'm the biggest hockey fan in Florida Steve eyes your many try red wings number Steve eyes of it. Yeah, oh On the second oh my god, I can't believe you 19 now that was pretty easy and this guy's the biggest hockey fan in Florida next to me and he don't know Steve You why he don't even know the uniform number of steve. Oh my god What does that tell you about I and this guy sounded like a good guy and all like he really knows his crappy We do want to come all the way down But he just doesn't know you know I mean see if you guys would get the small dish and start there's more to the hockey world than just the panthers That's why we have no hockey fan because other than those three months when we got hot like four or five years ago Whatever it was now seems like another lifetime other than that It's been a pretty dismal six years to be honest with you I mean we're static it's the only thing we're happy that we like Wayne for is bringing hockey to this town other than that We hit him like poison, but nevertheless Why was thinking about that by the way? You know when this station first got to broadcast right so we over at Paxon And this station out bit everybody else and give away billions of dollars 35 million for a five years for the broadcast right and Wayne owned all the teams at that time all three teams at this station carries The Marlins the dolphins and the Panthers so even as much as they really only would have preferred the dolphins Then anybody continue to panthers I guess it's not a real expensive deal But they were forced to take all three But now that Wayne does it own the Marlins anymore would then make sense But now since John Henry owns their horse and buggy a bankrupt minor league team They can't you they can't blackmail these people with the dolphins and the a Panthers stuff because John Wayne Henry's got Wayne Henry is got nothing to do with that John hyzinga You follow what I'm saying? I move you give them as a gift to laughing exactly. Let's give the Marlin games for the next two years as a present Oh, yeah To our friends down there at 17 out of the place they only are long enough for next baseball season I'm very jackass delivered the letter to the people over there. We're not even saying here you go because we like you so much And because we got a great sense of humor and because we're good sports We want to give you the Marlin broadcast for the next two years all you have to do of course is pay the broadcast rights And then good luck selling it and you know, and it's yours It's a nice bow on the letter. Don't you remember when the when the thing first started with the lawsuits back and forth with this place About how the Marlin's were threatening That was what it means to loan the team I believe and Marlin's were threatening all well, we might have to pull the game so that was before the season started. That's right And they went to a home other bunch of stations well. You want the game? No, how about you? No, no, what about now? Nobody wanted the game at any price at any price Damn it great idea, though, no, thank you Here's my amy hello Miami Yes, sir Speak to me sir Okay, nice talking to you two lights. You know, here's a guy waited for a long long time I mean a long time and he just can't get his name got to radio up in a back I'm saying hello hello hello. He's a He's out 560560 I know I'm giving the number up. He's phones are jamming now because people are desperate Even if they don't want to go to the game, this is so many of these things are beautiful Maybe they want to scalp them Although, you know when the game isn't even sold out I don't know if you're gonna be able to do much scalp and would tick it plus you don't want to go to the who's got for scalp and pantantics Especially this year now that we got Ken Jenny is really all geared up there and proud I've it's like 10 to 20 for scalp and ticket to the sporting event Here's a mobile device palm beach, hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering if you had caught on a they show a couple days ago that I share over a leak County Yeah, who's putting those What a be sure if here we saw but nobody over here knows anything about the county out of 200 facts is on it yesterday But nobody knows who that is, you know all the respect to our friends and four miles nobody here cares about that I said I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't help people can just let people like that and because another religious now what would you expect in the leak County? I mean look at the nature of you know 80% of the people over there. What would you expect? Yeah, if you're right, but it's not case Anyways, I like to see what trying to get those tickets. Okay, Steve Thomas Toronto Maple Leafs number 25 okay 32 not bad. That's only seven off Get a dish get a small dish. It's amazing. You'll see all these channels on there. They got all the football games The NFL packets. They got all the college games. They got the NHL side the center ice package with almost every game That's ever been played including the least black-collects exhibition game life, but it's amazing And like I started saying before before so we're leading her up to myself and watch and you'll see there actually are some teams that are exciting to watch Unlike our team, which if popelberry goes down again. I mean bring a good book Very sad but did and of course the coverage here now this this to me though is a good start And believe me it must be damn good for me to say something really to be peeing all over about the hero. It must be damn damn good Because for then to put a whole special NHL preview section here and here is the lovely popelberry right on a front page of it by the way in full color I'd like to see them put a picture of David Janeel and here wearing his who-side chocolate that would send me you know It might reduce me to tears like Like And then here's Greg co-tex is this the year the comeback begins. Oh, yeah Panthers try to win back to fans. I think what he's really try to say is there's a lot of those season tickets to lunch so come on Let's get out there Saturday. Let's go off the joint baby Maybe if we beg hard enough maybe Terry Muriel come to his senses and pull right with me on the left wing They're in that line with popelberry and stop being a bozo stop being a hard ass get a brain Get a life you simple to you in any line with you including God them check his levocchi and Rusky too See the team is in Broward now and he's appealing to the big county people with his English only crap on a bench Nobody cares about that in Broward or friendly. We just want the team to win that's all asshole show me yours. I'll show you mine We all wait Yes Our Say We'll be the real best of the day. And I'm back. I'll be the real best of the day. We'll find our chance to get our favorite pieces done. No, no, no, no, no. And then we'll get the food for a cake. It's gonna be so delicious. We'll be the real best of the day. But not only can we get back. But we'll be the real best of the day. We'll be the real best of the day. But not only can we get back. We'll be the final best of the day. And then we'll stay there just for a moment. And then we'll find a cake where And find out who's gonna die. We'll find a cake where We'll find out who's gonna die. It's 150 to 550 to 550 to come. I just told George some very depressing news. And he's got the gun right to his head. Oh, geez. I was gonna say don't do it too late. Can you believe that? But I just told you. But hey, listen, we're all happy here. Now, had a great meeting yesterday. We're getting our got to meet 100 number. Get a new phone thing in here. So, you know, what are we always complain about? What just take the money and run? That's what he said. Here's the guy damn money. I said, okay. So here's this pair of tickets. We're 210 bucks, baby. Then we'll ever get me feed on this goes. We'reachtening to zero to the defense. And that one Israelites, And they really have to be like, What did you tell him? I told him right there. So maybe I want to go into anything going through this bag right off with them. Oh, okay. They're out there. But take a look here. Too bad. If you insist, if you don't press it you need my report. Let me copy this here. Okay. Wow! Right. Yes, man. How are you? Okay? That's good. I don't want to take it. Good. I'm not into hockey. That's okay. And I'm sorry for jumping around on my subjects. No, please. We don't have a subject. I'm trying to give these down. Take it to us. I'm just loon already. Well, give them to somebody else. Give them to somebody else. Okay. I just wanted to make a comment. And this is getting back to the lunch program. For the school, about 10 years ago when I was in high school, the school I went to had so many students that if they closed the campus, they would have had to have three shifts to serve lunch. And they said that they would have had to start serving lunch around 9 a.m. and they would have stopped serving around like I think they said it was about one o'clock. So I think closing the campus is a horrible idea. I also think that half of the local restaurants would probably go out of business too because they depend on the students as a major part of their restaurant income. So that's all I have to say. Don't don't kids take lunch to school anymore. Is that only little kids do that? Just little kids do that. Yeah. Peanut bar jelly sandwich. Right. There's no word to keep it. And now they want to get rid of the lockers in school. So they have to shut their lunch around with them all day long. Yeah, but where the whole kid's going to put their guns in the shed. That's true. Well, they could put them in a lunch box. Or maybe they just put overheads over the desk like they do on the airlines. That's it. That's it. That would work. Yeah, that's it. Okay. So we are. That's all I have to thank. I'm with you. I think it's ridiculous. Okay. It was a tragic accident. But when I first heard this thing about all we got to keep the kids on campus and not let them out. Well, what is that all about? Based on what? Now, granted when I was in high school a hundred years ago, I used to walk home for lunch because I was lucky enough to live like three-minute walk away. The high school is right up to three-minute on the corner there. In Canada, when the York Canada day work, Academy, great school, by the way. And we, but we only had 25 minutes for lunch. 25 minutes and other 40 minutes stuff. And I would go home and Ma would have whatever there like whatever was. Always something good. And then we have TV would be on every day between 1245 and a clock and there would be guiding light. Which is why they're watching that crap. All in by the way, speaking of the guiding light. Because every now and then, you know, you get some of these hostile assholes out there looking for a reason to take a shot. Oh, yeah. I, you know, you faggot. You watch soap operas. Guess what? I'm reading in here in a special hockey section in the hero today about my post-personal friend Paul Laws, whom I actually be listening right now. Practice is over. Here it is. Personal. A year-round resident of Booker Raton lists days of our lives as his favorite TV show. So maybe you'd like to take on Paul Laws for two or three rounds. Okay, pal. And tell him that he's a fact because he watches a soap opera at a white poly. That's our last to hope there. Now that we got the big sparks around there for five or six weeks, we got to get Paul Laws out there cracking some heads. Make sure nobody takes a one at number 10. Oh, what number was Paul Bellberry? You know something if I asked that now, they probably still wouldn't get that. Yeah, this business about they don't have enough food for the kids at lunchtime. And this is, I'm going to tell you something in my blood. I mean, I may pop a gut. I may have an aneurysm. If somebody ever calls me and tells me that they, they support spending a penny attack money to build any kind of a goddamn ballpark or rena any of this crap for millionaires. Like the guy said in an article I read the other day, let him build it himself just like everybody else does when they're going to business. They either build it or they buy it or they do something. Nobody else pays for it. Let him pay for it. He's got hundreds of millions. Billions, whatever it has got with his big stick and yodop there in Alaska. What kind of a lunatic expects what all the things that we got to do here in this town? What all the needs that we've got? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. You are madman. A madman. A lunatic. In addition to which I wish I were to save those pictures from the front page that day. When he was in fact also, somebody could affect me to Palm Beach front page. He was all three newspapers on the front page with his nine people he had in the stands standing there like a shrimp or a hole. How about over there? Are you guys sitting over there? Nobody there. So sad. So tragic. Don't you understand nobody ethink cares. Nobody is interested. Pack you a sandwich and get out of here already. How come they can't, like, I know the side, this is terrible idea. But it's your got to be better than the school that they're serving in school for lunches. Now, after that real greasy nasty pizza I saw. But how come they can't have, and I noticed the governor here a few weeks ago, which I forgot to comment about. He signed a bill to allow or he made some kind of a deal to allow a coke to, and all these vending people to put their stuff back in a goddamn schools again, so that your kids can rot their teeth out and be sure and keep taking a lot of riddle in because they're just loaded with sugar with all that crap that they're drinking. Nice going Eric, bushmeister. You jackass you, invacil. God. I wouldn't be surprised if just like his brother pretty soon. We have a bill here that it's okay to carry your pack your piece and church. Well, there's no church is all about peace. Love and brotherhood. You got to bring your piece to a church man. Unless they put up a sign and say, oh, hey, leave your piece outside. Check it outside. Check it outside. Maybe things have the middle detectors like they have at the schools and the airport. So, no, they can just have like when you go to a summer store, honestly, check your coat and check your hat, you know, alone the guys used to wear heads. Well, I can have like a thing out there in the front lobby of the church. The four yay. Then the four yay. Yeah. Charles four yay. Remember him? Can we check your piece? Charles Boyay. Okay, see? And like chef Boyard. Remember him? Gotta be a little more contemporary for George. You don't know Charles Boyay from a good birdman. Just like these people in almost the eyes of him from Dorothy Kilgallon. It's true. I think they know as much about both of them. You're about to say about McDonalds or getting them in this school. No, no, so seriously. Are you trying to like uh, interrupt? No, you actually, you should be talking a lot more these days. You better, I'm not putting um, because I know you're still under the weather today, but that's what it's going to be. New and George talk a lot. No, seriously. Do you people, yes? What? Yes. I'm the very serious. Yes, they we had a great show again yesterday with uh, you know, up until about 12 whatever was. Very few phone calls. The first of which we believe was OJ. Yeah. You, you, you'll find that later on when you have time, you'll flip through and find where that call is and we'll uh, or card it up. We'll put it in the thing. I think it's him. Yeah, you think you talk your real tool. I get out of here. Okay. Murdering piece of crap. He ought to, this is the thing about the arrogance. So, and that's what really bothers me. And you ask holes. You butt-lookers out there. You juxtapes. All you do is feed this arrogance by sucking up to this guy. He ought to be kissing the ground that he's walking around breathing the first year instead of sitting on death row someplace where he ought to be. God. And instead of that, this arrogant imperious attitude like uh, his stuff don't stink. I guarantee it stinks. So when are we getting back to McDonald's? No, and it doesn't have to be McDonald's, but why couldn't the public school system make a deal with the companies that operate the fast food franchise? Because that's where most of these kids are going anyway. You know McDonald's and Burger King. I mean, they're in airports. They're everywhere in the world that I go. They're everywhere. You can't get away from them. When these, whatever, for years that has been suggested. I mean, this use is just like a, oh, wait, I'm always saying like the airlines could do the same thing too. Instead of feeding you this slop, why can't they make a deal? Especially since most of the fast food joints have got outlets right there in the airport anyway. You're going to laugh, but here's the excuse that the schools come up with. Yeah, and this is brought up. Yeah, always brought up because it's not nutritious enough. You know what I'm going to do? I'm going to do a job. Just turning you safe. It's not nutritious enough. It's prepared to the great stuff that there are addition. That like that greasy, slimy pizza that we saw this morning on the Michel Gillam's piece. It's ridiculous that they call it junk food and we better want to serve junk food. And as opposed to what? As opposed to the crap that they're serving them without, I guarantee it probably the McDonald's people might even wash their hands. Yeah, that's right. And we'll handle the money and the food that's with the same damn hands. Let them set up a deal. Let them in a little, kind of like franchise it out. They could take bids. Take the goddamn school system out of the food business and take the airlines out of the food business. Let food people do the food business. I know that comes. It's a great shock. Told you, bring an educators out there. And as far as nutritionist concerned, who you kiddin anyway? I remember what the food was like in school, even though I used to go home for lunch and high school, but I remember what that was like in the cafeteria. It was crap sloppy macaroni and cheese. I mean, it was garbage. And what that was wrong with a big Mac. What's wrong with the, yeah, and doesn't McDonald make salads and other stuff like that? Taco Bell. Huh? What's wrong with that? They can even bring their little true out of school with them. And you talk about, they want to do Wendy's. They have a salad bar or the stuff potatoes. Right. You can imagine by one of clockcrumb, Xbox, a little McIran at salad bar. What's wrong with that? You're next for large knees, shields. Yeah, that's right. And I sneeze shield. You know how kids start to go to school with a flu and just the snob little bit in there. It looks like salad dressing, but it's not. It's wrong with that. Yeah, I just don't understand what this country is thinking of with all the resources that this country has got. I turn on my TV this morning and I have to be treated to a spectacle of this bitch, Michelle Gillan, who makes me sick, who makes me nauseous. Channel four seems that if they could only get ice demons over there, they have a clean sweep. If they could just pry him away from jail, they don't want them. They got enough loose here's over there already. Just like that freaking it. And by the way, you know what's the thing on her lip? Angela's going to be a little smaller all the time. I think either it's getting smaller Brian's trying to bite it off. Yeah, he thinks it looks kind of like a, what do you told me? I mean, you have it sucks. I'm not a way that people stand to hold the mix with love and hate. You talk about it, but it's a whole of the night. The list of a great pretty still all right. You still not gay. You can both get going down one way. You still got one. You say they do. So they need guys with this and shoes and Johnny, you're believing just as chewy as demon next to you and a lot. See you in the knot. Nothing is weird as being in the beauty. See you in the knot. See you in the knot. See you in the knot. Hillary Clinton dies and goes to heaven where she meets Saint Peter. She notices that there are clocks everywhere. She has Saint Peter why there's so many clocks here. Saint Peter tells her that each clock represents a person on earth and that every time a person tells a lie, the clock ticks off one second. It gets ticked off. Saint Peter explains that one clock is ever moved because of the long-demother Theresa and she never told a lie in her whole life. The next lie belonged to Abraham Lincoln. That bag it. And since he only told two lies his whole life only two seconds is clicked off. Hillary asks where his bills clock. Saint Peter says those clock is upstairs in Jesus' office. He uses it as a ceiling fan. Yeah, that's all. I'm bad not up to the usual standards of this fact. But he usually sends us good stuff. So why? So anyway, you talk about a joke you talk about humorous. I was just showing George who don't even care about this but nevertheless and I heard even before this morning who's usually Mr. Non-Communist Mr. Nice guy, Mr. Sit on the fence. But here is one of the dumbest headlines in the history of any newspaper. This one in the Sun Sentinel Day. If the hero doesn't get you, the Sun Sentinel oil, what's stupidity? Here is Demetrius Underwood who just tried desperately to commit sausages up there and lying to him Michigan over the weekend because he owed his wife child support and they put him in the slimmer for a brief time and because he's a basket case and because he's in a cult and because the dog doesn't it eight many other reasons. And I'm telling you, Oji, what have just been there? He got in the job done right. Right in just in the right spot man. His head would have been hanging just like a biothread just like the cools. But anyway, here's the headline on this story by Craig Barnes. It like they pointed out this morning on the worst team accurately. So the guy that writes the story doesn't write the headline. But wait till you hear this headline. Underwood will sit out season. Oh, what a shock. What a profound headline. Here's a guy that just tried to kill himself. Stand in the sub in the neck is you know, upgraded to good condition or fair or decent or he will make it. And we're supposed to be shocked because he ain't going to play no football games. Jesus. I'll never be the same again. Here's a lake worth. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. I'm sure a lot of people are going to disagree with me on this. But I really think this year they should have made our captain Billy Lindsay. They don't have to. They were done. I'm thinking about trading him. Or are they really? Yeah. This is the only guy on the team. All the old guys there that has any grit, you know, that has any desired and be out there and actually work hard. Yeah. He plays hard. And he's a hard. That's just all I wanted to say. I'm going to put in my. What's your phone? Grabbing out. I have two three weeks. You know, the rumors were that before the trading deadline, there is no trading, but before whatever. I'm looking forward to seeing him last year. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good new phone. Good guy. But bad phone. Sorry. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. What are you talking about trading deadline? I don't know. I don't know where that came from. By the way, we pick up Lonnie behind us on Monday. No. How about Derek King. No. Not too much money. We like Chris Wells. Here's the sunrise. Hello. Hey Neil. What's up? Yes sir. Can you give me the other question real quick? Yeah. Yeah. Chicago Blackhawks. Doug Gilmore. What number? 20. 93. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's only 1135. These are the hockey experts. You see some people think, oh, that Neil. He's like a son of a bitch. He's always saying these people. We don't know nothing about hockey. We forgot more about hockey. Well, you know something maybe if you remember it, then we could have a conversation someday. But I doubt it. Man. This is a terrifying number 20. And of course, I'm given people who are easy. People who are stars who have worn the same number for ever Doug Gilmore with a leaf. He was 93. What have devils? Now, what have blackhawks? Uh, nobody knows. Now that I think about it, was he 93 with the devils? I don't know. It does make any difference because he don't play for the devils anymore. It plays for the goddamn blackhawks. And he's wearing 93 like he did with the leaf. If you had been watching last night, you would have seen it if he had your small dish there. If you would have been a fan like me, I bet you the more 10 of us watching that game last night down here. Here's four miles. Hello. Yeah, now I'm the second biggest hockey man after that other guy that called. All right. Two minutes question. Well, how's that for a start? That's good. I wasn't even thinking. Let's see. Let me come up with somebody good. Yeah. Good. Peemus Solani. What number? Oh boy. Number 12. Eight. 560, 0.560, Pomp 560. And I'm doing these all off the top of my head. While we're really impressed. Sure, hope I'm right. Yeah, I'm right. Believe me. It's really sad. And this is a real good education for all the sports people out there. All the home of course are going to be listening to Waffen and Jim Romano. All the good stuff is we continue dividing up that little teeny tiny pie. It would be like if somebody gave you like, you know, how you going to a diner and have those little pieces of a stale pie like cherry pie. It would be like if somebody took that little piece of pie and tried to slice it up and about 10 different slices. That's what it's going to be like. All the sports nerds. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. I know a little bit about hockey. Yes, sir. I'm going to take this shot and I hope I don't pitch off anymore. I'm going to pissed off at all. I'm having a great time with this. Yeah. Well, it's kind of sad to hear everything I hope it works out when you ask me. Okay. Try to make beliefs. Matt Sundeen number 21 13 13 13. Oh man. I mean, never give these away. You know what? How about pop L brewery number 10? What's his number? You know number 10 on a panthus what's pop? How's number? Anybody know? No. Okay. You know number 10 pop L brewery. Well, it's a good thing why am I only doing this today. Better get off this hockey stuff real quick. We're back down there with a one share pretty soon. We'll be down there with a bad link group before you know we'll be fighting it out for the political war. It's just I mean, oh and by the way, you haven't seen these because the new, uh, did you see the new numbers? The new format for the way. Oh, yeah, you saw it. But it's so impressive to be able to look there from 3 to 7 PM. On WI and Z 50,000 watts. Person's 2554. And by the way, Hank had a 27, but that's 3 to 7. So between 26 certainly had a 3 something. So it's not as bad as everyone thinks. In fact, it was a hell of a lot better than a morning. That was that was the Achigaradoid pile was that morning show. Wow. God. And of course, if they stick enough 13 in a break, it's an handshow. They can get that down to a, you know, to a low two. Yeah, that was 20 minute break. And there too. But take a look at where she is done here on this list. I can't find a guy damn thing. Where is this bitch? With her 0.9. Where the hell is it? Here's a magic. Here's TMI. Even TMI to Clancy Music Station. Oh, look, it's you not on that page at all. Wait, did you hear this? Wait, did you hear this? Oh, my God. WRMS, which is a pretty good station, but it's in Palm Beach County. You know, FM 98 97.9, right? Yeah. Oh, by the way, the coast had a pretty good book too. Nice going there, Bob and Cheryl. Oh, yeah, Bob, by the way, send me a letter. We said, boy, Phil's going to kick your ass. I don't think so, Bob. He sent me a letter. WRMF 1.1. 3 to 7. He didn't send me a letter. And a radio bomb B had a 0.9. So here's a station out of the market that's got a 1.1 and Brook is got a 0.9. Oh, five for 23 with a radio bomb B and uh, and with WAT FM, which is also in Palm Beach County. What is that? Isn't that a country station? WAT or is that a flush station? We don't know. We'll find out. Somebody will Palm Beach will let us know. Oh, man, just just an NWMBM, which has got about six watts that Haitian sparks or whatever that station is. WMBM had a 0.7. With about six watts. She's got 50,000 watts. He's got a signal that makes your radio vibrate. If you live on the goddamn moon, that's right. Even if you're radio is stuck in your rectum, it's still vibrate. Every 10 you go by 940 because their daytime signal is so strong. And she's sitting there with a 0.9. Boy, I would do a time like this if I was here. I'd get in the car in the middle of the night, put all my ball of wax and all my stuff in here. I hold a kitten caboodle and I would just pack it up and disappear. I'd pack it if I were her. I just had over here to tire kingdom, getting you know some nice new tires and hit the road sweetheart. No, rod, you're tired. Never have you, little boy. This is what I meant by the way. Hence, if you were two-way or two people, you don't know what you're doing in hell, you've lost. I still love. When we get there, I've got slack on this side of my head, We've got to stay We'll still be in our days Our biggest fans of 12 year old girls Through super-est kids as we need Yes Our biggest older days all figured out We're hiding our latest seeds Our first one thing is for sure we get Man, make sure we do Why don't we close the dead with you I don't want to do But I shouldn't do my thing But today we think that we have better stay We'll be in our day I swear we'll not Thank you, man, just in time by the way first Just flip it on the Abest in the 1999 Which will be a selling it's specs by the way October November December starting this Friday, October 1 And I'll be at specs towards you'll be there We'll have maybe Boko Brian O'Shewant Got away, no one's who might show up This Saturday noon to two with the specs To saw the rest of the small and the specs in the mall is right near the blue dolphin interest Right by Ruby Tuesdays Maybe Ruby Tuesdays will bring us some free lunch while whatever Do you think so? No, John Pena said no And Brian said no, everybody said no Why don't they like this? No, we'll find out Here's a lady in Boko, hello Hi, Neil Yes, man Hi, just so you know my daughter's high school They do sell pizza, they sell pop of John Pena Really? Yeah, well she said only the kids that have the money that are in like three lunch Eat the school lunch Yeah But they get pizza every day Wait a minute, the school lunches are free Well, you know the kids that can't afford it that have to apply for three lunches Oh, I see, so in other words there is something this such a thing is a free lunch Yeah, but they don't get the pizza they get whatever the school service is Yeah Oh, God, can you imagine what's in there? I wouldn't want it else Not good to be poor is it? No, I guess no I mean if you have to choose between having money and having no money Always having money is just a little bit better, isn't it? I don't like that Yeah I'm gonna see you some ticket holder, but I don't have opening night You don't have opening night? No Oh, look at that You sound so depressed I am Well, how about olig Kavashya on the Panthers? What number is he? Oh, that's the on the Panthers Fashes 16 You know, the only reason I'm laughing is because I'm always bitching about women being Free loaders, but you're the winner Oh, baby All right Hold on sweetheart Thanks I didn't like that A lady I mean, I didn't ask her about a Panther player About an astronaut like Ray Whitney or need a mark Asked her about somebody who's like only a second year player now A little bit on the obscure side Nice going, of course, he was probably looking up there It sounded like the meat, but that's all right She still gets him I'll come over to sing it up They're hanging up because they didn't win because they didn't have nothing to say And that'll open up the lines for people that have something to say Which is good Colomus two hours with that nice going Excellent job Now we can talk about important things like what the hell's wrong with it lunches that they're feeding your kids at school And what's wrong with you people that you don't care about your kids I don't understand it I just don't get it We had this horrible story up in Vancouver, right? Which I've been watching on the BBC last several days What is baby allegedly fell off the Vancouver bridge up there And miraculously survived Now come to find out The baby didn't fall off the bridge, the mother threw it off the bridge because it's got down syndrome And the police are charging her with attempted murder because she threw the guy down baby off the bridge And they confiscated her her PC because she's got all kind of stymal on there where she was trying to put the baby up for adoption in the states Well anybody take this baby off my hand and I guess the response was Oh, so she just threw it off the bridge And it's alive, how do you like that? Don't understand it crazy people making babies forced their realization for a hundred years I've been screaming those two words that year years folks forced their realization and by the way I know this kind of is a great shock to you But one of the reasons that we have so much rampant crime in this country is because the population is growing here like topsy I can remember in my lifetime when a population in this country was 150 million people Now it's like 270 million people which is then near double And you wonder why there's so many slippers out there there's so many desparados It's set of and so on so many crazy people and of course when Reagan closed up all the loony bins because we had to take the money away from social programs and put those people out on the streets That was another nice nice going air Ronnie You know the Lord works in the serious ways that's why you've conveniently forgotten all the grotesque things you've done And they're all making a big some us a song and a dance about this biography of his and they're not too crazy about it Too bad he is a bubble head and always was an airhead Just just a face man he was kind of like the raw political world. That's right a face man So I come across in my son settled this morning one of the most obnoxious what we already had the obnoxious headline Here's one of the most disgusting articles I've ever seen in my life Having to do with Having to do with this story that again That they I mentioned yesterday And I guess this also happened a lot of his on vacation to mint I think so Where this kid got shot and killed by the cop the money police officer And so we had angry black folk out there in the streets getting psychotic jamming up on 95 protesting Even though of course the investigation is still ongoing and he just started to short time ago Even though the investigations going on still let's get pissed off and go out there and screw up the streets Was not anywhere nearly as effectively as the Cubans yet thank God, but nonetheless let's go out there in the streets and get pissed off So she writes this in flammatory column this morning, which I happen to think she's full of crap We don't know the fact of the case that's number one number two this kid at a rap sheet as long as your arm and leg put together He was basically a young scumbag Not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet right Sherry Winston Winston tastes good like an asshole should Remember those spots huh? Oh my god, I'm gonna read this and you're innocent not right this second Everybody's gonna puke when they see this okay Sherry when they hear this stuff and they have a redocom which they probably haven't because nobody reads the damn newspaper Thank God if everybody read the newspaper They'd be so depressed from the from the depressing craptic it's written here. They probably blow their own brains out Not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet and she's got all the answers Sherry she's got it all figured out I don't know about you But if I'm saying and I'm a cop, but I'm chasing some scumbag She's got a stolen car And he reaches into his waistband, which he's he don't like that anymore She doesn't like that line about reaching into the waistband She sits over you she said it's overkill if you pardon that expression I'm thinking you know saving my own ass is what I'm thinking And you know I'm not all in an neighborhood with cops in the first place. Maybe a lot of trigger happy cops There's no question about that and certainly we need to hear all the facts on this investigation But but Sherry your column is a piece of Craft Here's a mobile and pompado hello Oh Neil yes sir Oh, yeah, I would've liked it on the hockey game, but I couldn't pick up tickets anyway Now that's good then I'd like to be there Saturday night anyway You were talking about that this government so So interested in finance and john Henry's stadium Well a few days ago in compage post The county commission told them No, we don't want to belong to the sports council That mainly benefits date and grower county They said we don't want to Be a part of it because it benefits those counties and we don't want to build a stadium for john Henry So in other words they just said to john Henry. Right. Excellent. Exactly. And I might see it the hockey game Saturday night I'll be there man with bells on Okay, I'll see you Neil. Thank you That's actually not you in again. One oh six. Okay. We'll see you Neil. Oh, God. We didn't choke them about to start a hockey season or maybe something in the vents in the year and here it's more likely By the way down over by Greg's office, which I was in there for the first time in a long time yesterday. Thank God So the painting that's going on up here. It's in the vents down there and that part of the building and man Woo you talk about inhaling not just fumes That's got to be one good excuse why he didn't hear that much you know and I wouldn't be either Grow test here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello And you're feeling okay. Thank you 5 6 70 5 60 Well, at least he knows that we're both going to be there. That's right We'll be there having a good time all these other people are busy praising God for eternity praising God. Oh God. You're so good God. We love you God. Yeah What's for lunch? No lunch just keeps it. Let's keep us in it. Just keep praising That's right. We'll be down there burning in hell baby because God is a pissed off God even at Margie Self-shed in her brilliant letter the paper last week that I read on the air God hates people he hated he saw before he was even out of the room. We already decided he hated him because this God is a sick and twisted as the people who invented them and the people who believe him I'll pass thank you Hello, I'm George W. Bush, Jr. and your next president like or not. I'm here to talk to you about headache relief You live in the south and suffer from occasional headaches. Why? I recommend Bush cocaine powder for release. That's belly-say for sure You know, I'm so spinkled rich that a headache about all I can relate to when it comes to little motors like you To not only that you'll contribute to mass off money campaign war chess with every package of Bush cocaine powder you buy Bush cocaine powder is not recommended for you. Spide you I want to five sixty. Oh, I'm here's a bizarre facts from WKRR and WKZ. Oh, do we know where that is? Where's area code three three six? Is this not a West Coast? Because it's unsigned, but it's got the on the fact thing it's got the call of it is but then he read it says I like it better when you were slamming Greg read in the beastly yesterday the beastly suck ass Well, we all know that Did you agree to stop harping on the oj think so I guess whoever facts this expected me to like do a whole other show on us then I agreed to stop harping on it. Oh, what is there to say about it? I started out to show today by tearing up that oj autograph What have molasses in I'm gonna do that every day on a show. Oh, no, it's matter of fact. I wouldn't give that murdering side of a bitch that much publicity Is big fat bro, being recommended for a support of the life killer. I would assume so. Did you discuss the long-world TV campaign with Greg yesterday when would you be getting your sweet ass on the tube just wondering so it's is from WKRF over to how this is. No name, no nothing Now I will not be getting my ass on the tube the only things I put my ass on are either a seat or a turlet seat chair or a seat those are the only things I put my ass on if you want to put your ass on a tube. You might guess Two minutes past noon is five sixty wq and the Hank Goldberg show it to a clock talking baseball one more time Baby or is it three or four more times with Donny B six o'clock the marlins at the expose and then can't run after that ball game after the disaster ends Believe me the pain from baseball will soon be over and just coincidentally almost at the same time the hockey seasons starts Friday night in the pantheon game Saturday Let's hear it Can't just smell it near catch a smell of your segment Huh Here's Miami Beach, hello You know, I don't great Listen, I it's funny you talk about baseball season. I'm so glad it's ending I'd rather shoot myself listen to another game I don't know I don't know how the sponsors aren't selling the company for what they have What sponsors well, yeah, you go and but you know what those bads it is I think I'd rather listen to that than the brook because she is the worst yeah, the actual worst now I guess what the marlin games believe this should not have gotten very much number. I think we got a one point for it night there But it sure is help beats the bandland works 0.9 I think I can't listen today. I was I was calling in and the line was busy all the more I gave away those yeah, I had a feeling it was a giveaway but um, and that's okay. It made it very entertaining The you know the panthers are really breaking my heart with what they've done and I read in the paper that How can they break your heart with what they've done because they haven't done anything? That's what I'm saying. I mean it you know for me being a hockey fan coming from New York growing up in Malay on where they went for a hoops And you come down here and we got a team and I'm really excited to be able to go to a game around the team and all of a sudden they start trading players Yeah, I'm trying to get to the go I'm trying to get to go What do you think about I can't be pay how to challenge a table dig dig He's a stiff he's a movie actor. He don't want to be a hockey player. He wants to be a movie actor He's another one of these guys. You could play for every team in the league and he shows flash and promise and speed And you don't do anything any chance in how we can get alexia shot. Oh, yeah, right and they're paying 10 million dollars a year for brewery They wouldn't even pick up one of the kids from the awayver draft on Monday They're sure not gonna pay nine ten million year for a fashion and the last question I have I don't want you to think I'm you know I'm making fun of goofing on you, but I've heard little things about the field coming back Yeah, I put it you know I can get him on the internet I think after 10 o'clock at night, but it is you coming to this market at a regular time or what's the story? Yes, what is it? 10 at night to one in a morning and then they're gonna be players tapes from nine to noon Oh, on what on a different station? Yeah, I'm sorry Not on this station. I think they're gonna put him on this station on the sports nerd station. That would have made too much sense What station is gonna pick up? I don't want to say nine forty stupid talk Right, but okay, I got you off. It's the list of the usual. Thank God. Okay, God bless you. I'll pray for us. I haven't spoken to one person. That's not gonna continue listening to us And there will be people to an over and sample and by the way, I'm also promoting them. You know, I did more than my share now Let him go out and spend some money. I'm amazed that I haven't seen anything yet No, I'm not amazed because you know, A.M. radio. It's all the companies in this market. That's a one thing I'll say for packs. No, several things I'll say for packs and even though he was a real asshole in a phony But when we were over there for that short period of time, they spent money on all those billboards I mean money up the ass and they spent money on equipment. We had a studio. We had equipment that was superfluous that we didn't need and never used We had a we had a dead player in the studio anybody ever use it. No, I look at it. I said, what's that? We told him we didn't need it. They said, I'll take it anyway. Yeah, too. It quit this and that they had two of them in the top right two of them that we never used either one But nevertheless they spared no expense. I mean granted they had a bone head for an engineer Although they had first of all Because where that came from and thank God for that. You know something stop and think about that if it wouldn't have been for right pressure And the engineer over a pack, and we never went ahead from it's lowest to play when we came over here for Roll monster who's joined at OJ's hip and by the way speaking of the engineering department over there Yeah, they had him too. He likes the schmows. He likes the 80 likes the flirt This is a guy who was supposed to be an engineer every morning. He'd come in and say the same thing. I like the flirt. I like the schmows. I like the eight I like the eight. I like the eight. I like the schmows and of course anything that's for free. He likes the schnor also Anything that was her free especially a meal Well, it could either free meal or why I mean we need a lot of free meals, but we're Pycreas compared him. He could eat a free meal or three or four the time that max Couldn't do much else And that was one of the problems that passes they had such advanced equipment that nobody knew how to use it Remember that Like they got in many disc players they had over there, which of course the ones we got here. I mean we got something we got these Sony's Yeah, but they had stuff that was like a thought that had actually like a full print out of the whole disc on there Tenons. Yeah, well, they were great, but nobody knew how to do them. How to do it with them It's great. You call up the engineer and they got to run and get the manual. Let's see if we can figure this out Although also over there we had real computers and we had a computer guy who was on staff How do you like that? The passion people. I had a computer guy who was on the payroll who was that's all he did for them Was go around and troubleshoot and they set up and they fixed and teach about the computer systems that they had It was like a real radio station and a could have been If it weren't being run by a demented lunatic by a crazy person Yeah, well by several crazy people But one thing about Pete he's still there baby. Oh, he's still over there sucking out Here's a coralspring. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You're you are my favorite you are my dad I am so happy that hot season here because last night I couldn't fall asleep. Yeah, what did I do put on the baseball game And that is coma inducing What game was that? I see it works every time like a trauma. In fact, maybe they did they could do it as a public service and show reruns all during the fall and winter Absolutely, but I have to tell you the biggest hockey fan and I would love an opportunity to get to ticket Do you mean to ticket check every way about 20 minutes ago? No, you didn't. Yeah, I did. To some woman no less Oh, he's a little lazy. I love you Neil. I'll see you there probably No more hockey tickets baby. I get him away. Anybody wants to more though? Oh, God. Now he's you is a good guy. He's just a little lazy from most people to Marla game last night That'll make you woozy 560560 what numbers he woozy and pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line on a great Wednesday man You can smell it. There's something in a year. We cleared the area yesterday and Greg reads off office We cleared the area there Bluff lens he was in there. He was going yeah, and then screw in when she came in and she went And I said, okay, now we got an understanding Just like just like in Godfather 3. How come for a movie that was supposed to suck so bad? There are so many lines I'm always quoting from Godfather 3 always wanted to but especially Godfather 3's got a million great lines in there We have an understanding that was great The bishop with the a call the home of the George Hamilton with a phony uh phony makefully greased while lawyer We have an understanding Then of course the bishop didn't realize somebody else had a better understanding than he did Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hi, good morning. Yes sir. Good afternoon. Good evening I want to thank you know once it turned me on to that freedom from religion foundation I get their mailings and they're really terrific. So I guess I'm going to end up down under with you too Yes sir. You're going to be real crowded. We're going to have a hell of a party. I'll tell you that. Right. I also want to correct one thing that hurt your status warning Yeah, the way the people got out of the mental institutions was not for Reagan cutting back the money But the ACLU So to say that a reputation could be maintained on drugs. It could not be kept in the institutions anymore And that's when they opened it through and that was part of it but also had to do with Reagan budget cuts It's also a state it's also a mostly a state's money. Well, the regardless of who done it the fact is that they're out They did it and it was terrible But I enjoy your program and I'll just keep on listening and I'll pray for it. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, 10 pass note is 5 60 WQM. I'll pray for your ball spot to heal up Don't think that's going to work. You could sit around and pray or he could be like Buddha, you know, just get your head shaved all together or you could go see my good buddy Charlie Alphiari and he'll make you look like a man's like a real guy That's right Just tell me which your problem If the others now from the producer of teaching Mrs. Singles, it's making the teacher tingles He's here. He's my new science experiment. Here. Why would it? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah Making the teacher tingles in theaters and sex shops everywhere Because that's why we have every hearing more about that teacher. Oh, they're key real kids Oh, maybe hearing more about that. How is there were runnin on the recandal of the 16 year old cops? No, no I love the way people call it next stone wall. I all know there's just big internal investigation go right. Uh-huh How come we never hear any more about it just to get buried somewhere swept into the old drug? Speaking of people with a bad rug by the way and speaking of just a spy report that Mr. Eagle was over there to see Hank yesterday at cool cats Which I find bizarre fact Hank probably found a very bizarre too, and I was told by a very authoritative source that he looks not a day over 90 You see it's one thing that you stand you know the way you try to make yourself look a little better with all the foe the phony body parts You know the the false the snap on penis and the phony armpits and a phony everything on the eyelids But then what's it all starts drooping and fall or part and the wake up on morning and it's like you just got 30 years older You know I'm talking about it just tell me which your problem and I'm thinking to myself I think the one reason that I and a very bizarre perverse way I admire this guy is because here's Steve Kane Who is still on the air amazing me up nobody listens to him nobody knows where he is He's got 8 million sponsors under they go on and BS is about and he never he's been in the market for I would say let's see We went on W snooze in 78. I would say about almost 20 years Almost as long as I have and Never had any ratings never anywhere that did he have ratings at W snooze? No, even in books when the rest of us had jieval and jury Williams was there and the rest of the station had gigantic numbers did he have any number? No, it's astonishing and then of course so when I put him on in the morning on stupid talk and he had like fractions 0.6 even lower than the babbling brook I mean that's quite an accomplishments, Steve I write that my diarrhea Not as low as John Ford our paper puts the lower than even the babbling brook a point six with 50,000 once and now he's on some station Which if you held a gun in my head I couldn't tell you the quality of this is that station 1470 and I promoted the hell out of him when he first came back because I tried to promote everybody else because I'm not paranoid Because I know that they're gonna fail anyway I must have got something going And you can how long will he come back on the air? It's got to be a year does it last after they blew him out from my and Z has it ever showed up in any of the ratings? Got the new trend right here. Does it show up at all? I mean even like even like a tenth of a point. Does it show up not at all nothing? No demographic no nothing not even a hundred plus not even in dead people. Does it show up? No And yet he's still making a living he's still there doing something and he's making a living you talk about a great BS artist You talk about a guy that's got loyal sponsors or just dumb people maybe he's got one of those dumb magnets like RCL's department's got you know One of those little Metal detector things but he run around and they find the dumb people. Oh, yeah, we'll sign up how much you want. Here's the money We know you don't have any audience. You have no ratings and that nobody's gonna come in but here we like you here's the money go get your a face put back together He really is miraculous. I got to hand that to him, you know he's a survivor not a talent a survivor Here's Boko hello Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going great? Listen you for a little while and you're really funny. Yeah, so you've been Not like that, but so I was listening that thing about the that kid who got shot. Yeah, I was thinking maybe you're a little off-base there About one I know maybe shouldn't be criticizing or The active civil disobedience when the guy was shot seven times and didn't even have a weapon on him. Yeah That's that's not right. What's not right? That's not right. Did you know whether they know whether they had a weapon on them or not? They're not running away from the cops. How did they know? They don't know whether they had a weapon or not, but you don't shoot them. You don't shoot them. There's a lot of other officers who know that might have taken more care Yeah, and maybe prevented the fact guys from a back guy might still be alive. There wouldn't be this whole protest in the first place So if this people want to slow down on the highway Why not? If people want to go out there and then screw up the county and the inconvenience everybody else, what do you mean why not? Because they're pissed off. How about if they wait for the investigation? How about if we wait for due process alarm that make too much sense? Maybe but you know they're also in a sense of sticking up for your civil rights by being out there and protesting. Why does that? Because there might be parts of I stole in this week. How about stealing a car? You know the the kid was shot seven times. He was running away from you. He was running away from you. He was running away from you. He was running away from you. He was in the crime. He had a rap sheet as long as the guy didn't stay to Florida and he was running away. He was debating a rest and he was told stop or I'll shoot. And he reached for his the waste band. He put his hand in there and they shot him himself defense. That he had a gun. The kid was running away. Exactly. That's right. And so second of all. Suppose the kid gets away and maybe he does have a gun. They don't know and they don't shoot him. And he goes into somebody's house and holds him hostage. Or suppose he goes to the hijack somebody else's car because he's already stolen the one car and goes and kills somebody another car. Sounds pretty dramatic. Well, I think we could have picked him up on another time and then you're talking about the rap sheet of the team. Looking at the rap sheet of the skid. The rap sheet of the officer. In other words, they could have made an appointment to pick him up when it was, you know, maybe after lunch. Yeah. I've never made lunch. I've never made lunch. Okay. Now, just to pick him up any old time, you know. See, I hate to break the news to you. I believe that law enforcement exists for the purpose of protecting the public against scumbags against murderers, arsonist thieves, car thieves, these people rapists. That's what law enforcement's all about. This crazy sheriff makes dogle over to a league county that everybody's all up at arms above. This is just another one of these crazy religious nuts. That's all he is. Same old tired crap. You know about abortion about the feminists, about the fags, about the same old tired garbage. That's not what anybody pays. Sheriff's for and can't. She of course can't. He doesn't understand that. Just like Rudy Giuliani up there in New York with his guy, then Brooklyn, the museum of art. This, uh, with this art exhibit, he said, and you know something every single one of the attorneys and the experts, the people that they bring on every one of them, whether they agree or disagree, whether they aren't exhibited disgusting or tell or whatever, they all agree on one thing. He hasn't, and he's, what he's doing is illegal. He's got no right to take away their funding. It's already been appropriate. He can't just unilaterally say, well, we don't like what you're showing. And it's disgusting. Therefore, I'm going to cut off the funding for the Brooklyn Museum of Arts. All crap you can't do that. He wants to be a dictator. And people that want to pander to this sick twisted mentality. If you don't want to see the guy named Virgin Mary with a bunch of elephant dunk all over that goat. Don't go see it. That's all. Don't go see it. Don't subsidize it. Nobody's being dragged off the streets. Oh, we find it very offensive. And what a shot that Cardinal Connor, by the way, that right wing fascist piece of crap, a little bit of a hypocrite. What a surprise that he's one of the big opening up a big mouth up there, huh? God, the highest cardinal or Connor that damn bag, I can't stand exactly. Could have said it better myself. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I have a few things I'd like to talk to you about. Okay. First off, last color. They're in the sharpest nice in the drawer, is he? No. Neil, I have a Sunday ghost to school here in day canyam. However, he's not in high school. But I'm a PTA member and I try to get involved with what's happening there. Well, they give us a calendar for the month. So what is the school is getting out for lunch? We don't like it. We pack our lunch. You're going to get it? Yeah. Yes. Not one time. I have said, okay, it's a real compoy of the other day. I would, I can't honey. Would you have to let you sit down and get any corn dogs? I said, you know what? I don't give you a God's order. I said, I don't give you a damn corn dog. Right. So talk about nutrition. What are the disgusting? Oh, I'm getting none getting squeamish just thinking about it. He loves ancestral. Like that every day you have to eat their food or best will at school. They're given a ticket. He says, Mommy, they don't have vegetables. I fasty right here every day to have a vegetable honey. So I thought he was lying to me. I go into the cafeteria. Talk to the fat. Be the thin and yes. I said, you know, this is the third year he's in the school. I have been thinking my son's a liar. She's, I says, but every day he comes home crying because I'm getting on his case about what he's eating. I says, he's after the vegetable and the lady don't speak English. She says to me, oh, yes, she does. I swear to God, I went and there I breakfast this morning to say lady and grandma says, yeah, that's him. That's her mommy and I and she don't speak English. Yeah. He's asking for a vegetable. He's a fifth Greek much less. He can't see the food. They just hand a tray over with whatever gone. We're going to have a sloppy one of this. I'm really pissed off about that. What not, where is this? This is in date County in Miami Lake. You don't want to tell me this. Go all my way. Yeah. Yeah. Any who. I want to tell you about O. J. Keep batching the bastard. You know, he's listening. Oh, yeah, he's. And I hope his knees hurt so damn bad. He can't get up to turn the radio off. Oh, yeah. And I hope he always does time call in here again because of the glasses. Long as he was yesterday. He was seconds until we know it was a was him. I knew it was him and I was how can you didn't recognize that right away. No, I just started like, you know, they all come to me. Oh, that's terrible. You shouldn't have said that. So listen, we're hoping somebody comes on with a mask and beats his kneecaps with a goddamn golf club. Okay. All right. I'll pass along to his friends. Oh, thank you. Thanks. We know. So in other words, that list of crap that the school was given out there. Maybe it looked pretty good, but that's not what they were serving corn dog. Oh, my God. They want to give good new precious stuff there in a school. Yeah, you should live so long. What you people feed in the school is slop. Slop. I've seen it. Slop. Crack. Dreck. And then the governor like I said, and I don't had one call about that from a woman. I was in sense. Then rightfully so that the governor says, Oh, it's I wonder how much somebody got smeared for that. By the way, letting the a cook people put to your softest machines back in the schools. Just what your kids need is some more extra sugar. Oh, we go get them just bouncing off the walls. Nobody cares. Like I said, nobody these are all little small things that nobody's supposed to care about. I guess we got bigger fish to fry. So to speak, we got stadiums to build. We got ballpark. We got crazy people like Bob Eisenberg who the only thing they know about in life is, Oh, what's wrong with my miss. No, that's why I think the question is not what's wrong with a medsbob. What's wrong with you? That's the thing I'm wondering about. They could have God damn hand grenades that they're throwing back in fourth up and down the halls in this place and he's still, Oh, gee, they still have a mathematical chance. What are we going to do? You know why I think about this place is one term that comes to mind a lot. Two words, emotional cripples. You don't want to talk about God. But anyway, oh, frosty nads. I am guilty. What the hell? I got him. I killed the call. I was in the world. People said he jams everyday. They see me on TV and I hear them say. Hey, you didn't cry that love of death. Hey, you didn't cry that love of death. Just goodbye. I won't lie. I killed a trailing. It's different. It makes no sense. It's by Johnny Cocri. Now I see the joys took out DNA. Gather around all the ground. Let me give them say. Hey, you didn't cry that love of death. You didn't cry that love of death. Yeah, you're not really tough at all. What those are printed needs. It's a 12-13 at 5-16 of the times. I'm not going to read them all because they're a couple of times. I'm not going to read them all because they're a couple of times. I'm not going to read them all because they're a couple of times. Here's a picture of Sam standing behind. Here's a picture of a Sam holding a few micro-photent front of a few in the blank. Somebody famous. So that takes care of all of that. I got to read this article. Do I have time? I got that. Sherry Winston, not enough strength to stop a speeding pole. This is about the shooting of that kid that the stole a car that had the long rap sheet. The mythical waistband, she says, hey, didn't you know all the bad guys were house knives, guns, dope, death in their waistbands? Police officers learned to fear the waistband. It's potential to hold destruction. On a war Miami night, if I could interrupt, I don't think they fear the waistband. I think they fear what might be in it. On a war Miami night, police officer Juan Mendez used deadly force to protect himself from the dreaded waistband. The Antonio Butler 19 was later found to carry no weapon. Miami police officers rallied. On a dark street in a split second, you would do the same thing they cried. The waistband, the man was going for his waistband. What else could the officer do? That's Mendez's story. The old waistband routine. In the theater of the absurd, his tail is dark comedy at its blackest. You should pardon that expression. Did you hear the one about the fleeing suspect who even though he knew he had no weapon and knew where the police were hot on the seals, began climbing a fence, then no weight. You love this part. Then the things suspect turned and looking dead at the police officer, recent side is waistband. Now that's classic. Police report that Mendez pursued Butler because the car Butler was driving had been stolen at gunpoint and I'd be for stolen at gunpoint and I'd be for. He stopped Butler fled and Mendez pursued. How many dead black men does it take to establish a corps? One, two, a hundred, one is enough enough. How long can we black or white look for ways to distance ourselves from the dead? He was stealing a car. I would never steal a car. It could ever happen to me. He was running from the police. I would never run from the police. It could never happen to me. We reached for anything to draw the distinction. Only bad people armed or armed get shot by the police. That's what we want to believe. New York headlines quake with news of a black man shot in the doorway to an apartment on armed. Armadou Diallo, 22 stood in the doorway of a bronze department building waiting for a friend for black folks. New Yorkshire Congress Los Angeles doesn't make a community. Black folks shot by bad cops. That makes community. Diallo was as much ours as Butler still rationalized the way the pain. He was as much ours as a Butler. Even though of course it was in the New York. I would never stand in a doorway. I would never wait for a friend. It couldn't happen to me. So Sherry. I'm Tuesday called us flooded WDR's radio lines, venting their pain. A police officer called, people need to understand that police are not trained to shoot the gun or knife out of somebody's hand. Police are trained to shoot the kill in order to protect themselves in the community. The next call our woman asked how the young man was threatened anyone if he was running away. If a police officer believed the suspect was carrying a gun running through a running wild to a neighborhood wouldn't make sense for the officer to stop that person by the means necessary. Maybe the suspect is heading for my house. Maybe he's heading for yours. But the I thought he was reaching for his waste band routine is over-used. Men does as he believed the man carried a gun in his waste band. That's his story and no doubt he'll stick to it. In the meantime, software moves forward. Meals will be cooked. Children will be dropped off at school. Lottery tickets will be bought life goes on. For those of us who are black though, the Hazel uncertainty grew a bit thicker when Butler fell dead in the street. If you can't make sense of the killing, how can you be sure you won't be next? No matter how straight you live your life, each dead body in circles your heart with a bull's eye. When will I be at a gas pump and get mistaken for the bad guys? Is she sure? What will the buckle in my waste band be mistaken for a weapon? When? Here comes the part that I don't know whether it's scream or just make howling noises. Black mom is in daddy's provide a powerful spiritual love for children. Each death challenge is then to instill courage honesty. Teach their children to be strong. All the parenting in the world however won't make a man strong enough to stop a bullet, especially what his back is turned. So the problem in the black community or in the community in large is not the fact that we've got all of these people, all of these criminals black and white. Many of whom don't even have daddy or mama anymore, but especially no daddy. And this line about black mom is in daddy's provide a powerful spiritual love for children. If you want a laugh or cry when you read that. How many families, how many households do we have just here in South Florida? Or there may be a mama who was maybe in some cases maybe never married to daddy, but there ain't no daddy. So everything is the fault of the police, okay? It's the fault of the police who want to go out there and kill black people. And last night on the 60 minutes before they had the part about big pop at there in about all the rock groups. They had a thing on there where Dan Radha interviewed the stirred punk, this enough case. It's going to be on trial and Texas for the lynching and the killing of that black man there. And that made me nauseous. That made me sick just to watch it. And of course we're supposed to feel sorry for this punk. You know, oh well, you know, he only wishes that he could have done something and could have, yeah. We just did what they were doing and interfered. And that makes you nauseous sick, no matter who the victim was, but especially, and I'm one of those people that doesn't believe in hate crimes. A crime is a crime. If you kill somebody, there's just this dead whether they're black or white or straight or gay or yellow or whatever they are. Let's start. Yes, prosecuting people who do crimes. Who the hell? What what does it make what the motivation was? So I was grossed out and nauseated by that. But to start trying to compare every time a cop shoots a black person and then to bring in the thing in New York, which was obviously a gross test. Overkill if he pardon that term and to compare it with this is ridiculous. This kid stole a car at gunpoint. Evade your wrist runs and just like the article says, who and how knows where he's going, who knows how many other weapons he might have somewhere or if he's got weapons on him. But we're supposed to stop like the guys just before making a appointment. Well, what will be convenient for you for me to come to your home, giving an address and I'll come and pick you up then when it's convenient for you. The public is tired of excuses, Jerry. The public is tired of excuses and they're more tired of scumbags, both their black or white. And the more tired of a polygist like you. Who would can't keep a packer in his hands? There was no farmer who lived on Iran. He's had him the mayor who just said he's said some boys who were down by the crypt. There be in the water, there ain't some their marbles and play things and had half past four. There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruggles and leaps and then white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin. While the boys in the far yard were show-bosing, wrapped you sandly, they're from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the neto was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck, he looked like a man with a side of the home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had her phone like Lee She showed him her list of Beth Dogewood subjects to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter sky. And then he spread with cream all over her coaties that she had left out on her shelf. If they do so, they're these you can go for yourself. So it's not on air today, but we've played it though. I will have to play it a lot of not on the best of CD. How about that? Which by the way, it'll be in the specs stores this Friday October 1. And you can pick up the CD's and the cassettes at all the specs all over town. And we'll be at the specs in the sawgrass this Saturday, noon to two. So anyway, the article I was in a couple of days ago when I heard about this shooting, that Sherry went through this so I'll raise the bow. And it's, I mean, how stupid can you be to lump everything together? Arthur McDuffey to bring it up again. Arthur McDuffey was murdered. Everybody knows that. There was no question about that. Arthur McDuffey was murdered 19 years ago. Does that have anything to do with this? No, of course not. And then a brilliant comment by the self-serving Bishop Victor Curry, who was there as this year leader for all of this civil disobedience and mal-content, even before the investigation is completed. He says there are no black folks shooting Cubans. It's Cubans shooting black folks. And a parent reference to Mendez. The Mendez is Hispanic as nationality could not be confirmed. That's productive. Cubans are shooting black folks. How do you like that? So says the Bishop Victor Curry. And of course black folks don't shoot Cubans. In fact, before black folks shoot anybody, this doesn't make sure they ask for ID. And the check the green cards and bees in Massacre. And then they'll shoot. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Muno. Yes. Hello. Yes. I think it's always regrettable when anyone could shot or even get speed up by the police. But people got to understand. You just don't run from police officers. Nothing good can come out of that. You just don't steal cards. You just don't do heroin and all the other things that this guy done. Exactly. I mean, you know, people flip out when I tell them, you know, not to bring up the pass. But, you know, when I tell them I think Rodney King brought that down on his own head. You know, because I mean, we're doing it. There's not start mixing all these like I said about the, an rhythmic stuff. And then they're going to start bringing in Rodney King and every time an incident happens, you got to start comparing all the other way. This was one specific incident that's got to be discussed and decided on the own based on the fact. But there's there's some more in the fact that they're both resisting arrest and running case violently. You know, I just, I just, I find that a case violently against that whole bunch of cops that are on video beating the crap out of him. Yeah, do you understand or two other guys from the car with him? And they both put their hands up and they go, you got me and they didn't get hurt at all. Yeah. This guy, let me see it again. Have a great day, okay, Mr. chronic. He wants to redo the whole Rodney King thing, which almost every one of us with a brain with an IQ larger than our fingernail has seen the Rodney King beating a million times. And you're trying to justify it. So in other words, as long as you don't resist, okay, resisting is one thing. It was he was he had danger to them and there's a whole bunch of these cops and they're like the one that we saw was a couple of weeks ago. Where the hell was it where they were beating this guy? Just beating the crap out of him. Over and over and over again. See, I don't support bad cops in there plenty of money. I mean, there's bad cops all over the place. This guy, haven't had a leak. He's always going to be on the side of the cops as long as you just submit and you sit there quietly in the whatever else. Regardless of the circumstances, then you there be no problem. As long as you take a good weapon and beaten. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Spring, shall I? Neil. Yes, sir. Can I give you another perspective on this? Yes. The whole first one I got a call then as a jackass. He doesn't have a spectre. The cops shot seven times. The guy got hit twice. Okay, so tell him to get a spectre. The other thing is the fact that he was reaching for his waistband as one thing. The other thing is he was jumping a sense into a resident. Right. Had the cop not taken action and he killed somebody in the resident, played around that night, killed somebody. The community would have went back to the police office. Why did you do your job? I didn't do your job. So for the police officers and a lot of people don't understand this. It's a no win situation out there. You're in a situation where you have to make a snap judgment. Sometimes it's wrong. Sometimes it's right. For the most part, they make the right decisions. And even when they're wrong. And even when somebody gets shot and they shouldn't have been shot. Yes, it's a terrible thing. But every time somebody gets shot by a police officer and it was an accident, it's not initially motivated. It was an accident. Even if this guy has found it, have acted improperly, which I don't think he did. Did he act improperly because he made a mistake or did he act improperly because he didn't like black people? There's a difference. And people have to stop using everybody. Everybody wants to come up with a dance. Speaking of old J, this is become a convenient excuse. Every time a cop goes after somebody who's of color or who's a minority, it's a race involved, which is anybody with a brain. Those are not true. It happens sometimes. I'm sure that it involves race sometimes. But not every time. And you know, so you say it all the time that Fran's pressure perpetuates anti-Semitism. Right. I hate to say it. Black people that make excuses perpetuate their own race. That's what the race is like. No question about it. This column by Sherry went to this morning, makes my blood boil. It's probably the annual hell. Every, it's always, there's always so much excuses. We can't get away from that. Well, what would you be reaching for your race band for? Are you adjusting your crops or something? I mean, what was you reaching for? How did they supposed to know that split second? It's a po-She's the somebody that's reaching for their race band. Who just got through stealing a car and gunpoint? And don't know whether he's armed or not. Maybe they're also supposed to bring a psychic along with them who can tell about the suspect is armed or not. Everybody can be a Monday morning quarterback and you tie in sight and second gets everybody. But you know what? Those people are not out on streets making the judgment. It said the police officer wait until the guy gets off around and then fire back. No way. It's unfortunate, but people you have to understand. Officers have to take action in a literally. And they don't have time to think about that. Speaking of bigotry, if that line that I read again from this Victor Curry, if that's not bigotry, there are no black folks shooting Cuban, it's cute and shoot a Cuban shooting black folks. What's that? If that's not bigotry. I would love for them to find out that this officer's wife was black. And then what would they all say? Or maybe he's Puerto Rican. You know, the guy who did who committed the crime was a scum back. And he was getting ready to jump and I don't even get involved. And he's got a long record of drug arrest, robber your arrest. The way Spain does anything concern me. The stat if I'm looking out my window and I see somebody black white or any call. Right. Something over the open my sense to come in my property. You can be a white as a ball. It's no way. It's not what happened. That's right. So it's just ridiculous. I'm sick and tired of the guy that I'm excuses. Wake up, start taking responsibility for your actions. Stop blaming everybody else. It's a bunch of BS. Amen. See you. Okay. A little hysterical, but why don't you know, always transfer into blame. Always transfer everything is over. So pick the palm. We're so put about how about cleaning up your old goddamn act, Jerry. Winston, all this bull crab about black momma's in daddy's providing a powerful spiritual love. How about staying in a home and raising those children? How about a little bit of responsibility? I'm not saying that only for a black's, but they're certainly a hell of a lot of it. They just proportionate amount of it with absentee daddies. I mean, this column is an insult to anybody's intelligence. But then again, would that never stop anybody from, you know, putting something in our local newspapers? Most of what's in our local newspapers isn't insult anybody with intelligence. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Any idea? Okay, sir. Along those lines, you know, Sunday there was an article in the paper about a guy. His name was Rauh Candelaria, who broke into a, You say, thanks for the pirates, and thank you. I'm sorry. Now, he broke into a guy, a guy's house in plantation who happened to be a cop. He broke in at three o'clock in the morning after him. Him and another friend broke into this, this cop's house after they hit, Vanalize, or broke into another house earlier and stolen two guns. I'm surprised you haven't read about this because it's been in the papers, but this was in the Miami-Harrил. Yeah. They did an article about it now. The cop is a woken at three o'clock in the morning by a loud crash in his home. He gets his gun out of his nightstand. He goes and investigate what this noise was. Right. He's confronted by the two guys, and he points the gun at the guy and he says, Freeze, I have a gun. The Rauh told us the cop, I saw what I have a gun too. Yeah. And of course, the cop fires two shots, strike him, and a chest, killing him. All right. Well, in the article, Sunny's article, a show picture of the guy, Rauh, and under the caption of the guy's picture, they list him as victim, Rauh, Candelaria. Yeah. I swear to God, you know. Shooting victim. Shooting victim. I swear to God, as if the cop was a perpetrator. Right. How dare the cop shoot some intruder when it was house to the head of gun? Yeah. That I just told him two guns. Now, if that weren't bad enough, his mother was a different last thing by the way. Yeah. So why couldn't the cop have to shoot the kill him? Why couldn't he have shot him in the leg? Yeah. Take target practice, you know, a little bit better. So we could have shot him in the leg and disabled him. And shot him in the earlobe or something. If you're in your house, the three o'clock in the morning ear, loud crash, and you're coming to play their crap away. If you know that if somebody tells you that they've got a gun, especially if you see it, you're going to blow their crap away. This guy, you know, had 40 arrests before the time he was 18 years old. Great. 40. 40. 40. Now, obviously, he didn't get arrested every time he committed a crime. So that's just the amount of times he was arrested. Yeah. 40 out of 80, probably. Now, between him and the seven kids you're talking about, you know, shot. I tell you what, I'm going to sleep whole hell of a lot better tonight. There you go. You know, one of the things. Oh, I got a one. Okay, Roy Foster. What did he avoid? What did he ever do after the white Stevenson got hurt? Nothing. He was a fraud. Yeah. He got elected to two pro bulls while he had the white Stevenson. Yeah, but he got an important friend. Ben, I got a important friend. Have a great day. Yeah. I think we'll help you today. I have a good water day. I'm still water for two hours. It's been a good day. It's so hard to be myself. Because the truth that I am sounds like everyone is on the charts and the old days. And we sing just like girls and we're really tight. I think we said you were all the need. Oh, we made a tradition. What you think is I'm confused. I'm got no hearers and I don't know. You know what I think I mean. Maybe it's what you mean. The sounds of the loud. Every group's sound the same. Here we've been for being a singing choom choom choom. And boy, it's all too smooth. So we're making tightest sounds just like a... I'm confused. And it's confused. Because of the magazine. It's one piece of flame. You're like my youth. I'm confused. I know what you think. But I know this song's name. No matter now we are best of you. Oh, we're asking you to let out me. No. Join the club boy. Join the club. On all four, it's 5.60WQM. Hanks into building. He'll be along next. And then we've got finishing up that baseball. Kind of like sweeping up the drags on a floor. Sweeping up the remnants. Here's a mobile lady. That is the Marlon Games of course for left. Lady Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. How you doing? Great. You know, actually I'm not a mobile but that's... Here's a lady station area in Miami. There you go. You know, I just want to address that gentleman at the club. You sound like you're on another planet. Yeah, well, three. He's not a little sick. A little horse. Yeah, not horse. Anyway, that gentleman had called a couple of calls ago. The one that was on the verge of hysteria. I just wanted to tell him he kind of perpetuates the thinking in the city and in this country that all of them think the same thing that all of them want to make excuses. Not all, but he didn't say that. Well, that generally that's what he said. He'd generalized all of us. And he didn't say that. He just says when people say these things and behave this way, then it perpetuates the attitude that he's right. Well, not necessarily. You all like people who say these things. But that's the way he makes this sound. And that's just not the fact. Not all like people believe that. We understand that. That's the only thing that he was saying. Out there and he was a pillow of society and that type of thing. Obviously he was a jerk. That's clear. But from back. Obviously with that, I don't believe it. It's not all of us believe that he was anything other than what he was. And it bothers me that people think that all black people are just going to fall in that with these people out here screaming and hollering and caring. And not all of us are. Because we see things. And I would say the vast majority of us see things as they are. Now, haven't said that. I would also like to say that there are many of us who, too, who actually experience things every day that make it clear to us that there are prejudices. And there are things that happen because of who we are. Or to color our skin as opposed to who we are. And that bothers me. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm not having a problem with this guy. Well, the prejudice that I've done all kinds of people after experience of it. Because that's the nature of the world. That's the nature of this country. There's lots and lots of prejudice and bigotry. But you can't live your whole life based on that. And believe me, I don't. You know, I've been working for my entire life. I take care of myself. And as I see, the vast majority of people like that do like me. Black people do exactly the same thing. You see those people on the TV. And you assume that that is what reflective of everybody. And it's not. You know what I'm saying? That is a small, well, when it was a small, I was going to want that many people out there. You write it with a couple of hundred people. What does that in the largest scheme of things? What is that? Nothing. That's what I'm saying. So I just want them everybody to understand. Don't look at a small group of people in the soon that all of us are the same. Right. Okay. Thanks, we are. Feel better. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and four-later Dale. Hello. Anyhow you doing? Pretty good, sir. Anyhow you a fan of Chris Rocketall? A little bit. Well, until the MTV Awards show. Okay. Well, before that, you had a CD and you know, bring the pain on HBO special. Right. And on their Chris expressed the sentiment that you said, I love my black brothers. But I hate me some niggas. That's exactly what he said. Mm-hmm. That's not a word that I use in my vocabulary. I do. Well, I don't. And I used it to apply to people who've been to that category. Okay. Just like I do, I do it for the word Faggot in my vocabulary too. Cool. Now, the point that I'm trying to make is this. Not everybody that's black is a career criminal, not everybody that's black isn't. And if you want to get a good reading for the way that cops look at criminals, black or white, talk to a black cop. Ask them how brotherly they feel in a situation where they're chasing a black man down the street. You may have stolen a car at gunpoint. Are they going to stop and say, this is a black man there for I'm going to cut in some slack. And if he reaches into his waistband, Does this guy going to hesitate to blow his damn brains out? Of course not. I don't think so. Right. Black or white doesn't matter. And if you talk to black policeman and I have, They will tell you that being a cop and seeing what they see makes them anti black in their own way. Right. The no question about it. And it's just like the thing that you had said about friend pressure. I happen to be Jewish. And I agree with you 100%. Oh, friend, friend, pressure reading. And she's a walking animal. A lot of them are prejudices against Jews. Yeah. I'm going to have to kind of like a lot. Yeah. You know, maybe we could get Ken Jenny devolent here to become pets. You can't in this campaign. Yeah. Or instead of having a Monterey form party, maybe we could send them both to reform school. That would be good. I think that would be a perfect match. You know, I really do. Okay. I really do. Have to rate your head. Happy circus. Same to you. I'm in a Sanctuary, five 60 WQM, five 60 70 50 50 50 50. I told us through a bucket and stopped many, many, many years ago in Liberty City. When I was trying to take that shortcut to the Palm Middle across the United Street back in the days when I work. This is a long, long time ago. W snooze. And get stopped. And why did I get stopped? Because it was a car with a white person in it in black neighborhood. And there were two cops, one white and one black. And the black cops said to me, he says, you better not try to come through. These, these animals here will kill you. This was a black cops said that to me in Liberty City. I said, okay. And I hold hands. New York. Yeah. President's self test. Question number 36. patio dole and sal burns Dean are at a bar. Which one refuses to buy the first round of drinks? And which one is puking in the men's room? It's a 14 and five 60 WQM. Five 60 50 50 50 Palm 50 60 on the AT&T line. Here's open. Park. Hello. Yes sir. In the idea. Good. You got something? Yeah. Page 60. In the local section. I'll find it. There's a couple of articles there that I think it's pretty much tell the tale of both sides of the cops. Top schools and Broward get rewards. No, no, no, no. Counting out money for K9 draws protest. The pay 60. Oh, 60. I'm so mesmerized by the front page. I couldn't make it. Yeah. Team gets six to eight months in bulk of drag. Now look down in the left lower section there. When action is there, I've pulled to Leno. Yeah. A lot of is there's clear in two shooting deaths? Yeah. Yeah. And then the one where these that definitely tackles this 14 year old boy is two. The middle school hallway when the boy reached for a loaded gun in his waistband. Douglas Michael Williams was arrested on Monday on fellow. He charges of carrying concealed weapon and possession of a firearm by a felon. He had a previous arrest on a burglary charge according to the sheriff's office. Another student wearing middle school out of five officials. Williams had a gun and loaded it in a bathroom stall during lunch. No, boy. Nice. In that. Beauty. All right. Is that a meal? I thought it'd be. Okay. Thanks. No. Oh, my god. What's Sherry Winston tastes good like a jackass should. What's he going to think of that? Huh? What should be thinking of that, Sherry? You jackass. You simple than you idiot. You I guess you don't read your own newspaper reader. That old famous waistband, Sherry. We were tired of her to that waistband. But you know something sweet that comes to the very convenient place to stash your piece. In your waistband. Not in your crotch. Not in your recto. Not in your waistband. Not in your pocket. Because God permitted you go off in your pocket. You don't understand. Call boy. Who knows what I might hit in there? 5605056. The pound five 60 on the 18 T line. Like we've said before, when is the time going to come people in this country will start taking responsibility for their own goddamn actions? And you know, I mean, there's no question that if there's racism involved, if there's prejudice involved and you can prove it, sure. Somebody's got a pay for that. But when you got scumbags running around and lose stealing people's cars, doing armed robberies, running around loaded weapons. And all of a sudden you got these people. It's a racial thing. We got to take his side. This is wrong. It's a Cuban student black people. Isn't that that's kind of ironic, isn't it? Cuban student black people? What's the difference? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. I'm Kim. Can we try some perspective for just a second now? I'm listening. I mean, the people, this stuff that I'm hearing on a radio and the people that are calling in, it's just not really racism. There's a big difference between racism and being prejudice. Racism is when you practically get your entire race of people wiped out. When someone breaks into your home and shoots your entire family and then leaves and blows up your house, okay? That's racism. Getting shot because you're a robber. Getting shot because you're a thief. That's not racism. That's the cop-do-in-ish job. The radio racism isn't when an entire race almost gets wiped out. If you commit a crime against somebody because they happen to be black or the other way around, that's racism. If that's the reason for it. I mean, to me, it sounds like that's the reason for it. If somebody's running a par with, well, a lot of people are racism is. I mean, I'm not talking about genocide. We're talking about racism. Yeah, but I mean, if you kill an entire race, you kill an entire, or an entire country, you kill an independent dictionary. Sir, G-E-N-L-C-I-D-E. Right next to Waste Band. Hey, by the way, a lot of people ought to keep addiction there. Instead of putting that on me on model, there's a great idea for you here in America. Instead of a gun in your Waste Band, how about addiction area? There you go. Stick a dick, chener in your Waste Band. Here's a Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah, what's going on, Neil? Yes, sir. I tell you what. I only like people calling pretending like racism Next up, what do you say, Dan? You know, it's only a said, there's no way. I'm educated black man, I got an MBA from New York City, Tennessee. Yes, I have a nice car. I couldn't tell you how many times I got that stock. Yeah. In my handy. So I'm from my ship. We live in a... Okay, great. He said Bulltap and of course, who knows how many times I got it. Can't say Bulltap on a airster, sorry. And he's going to say, oh, you see, come to Yaka. I would listen for five minutes if you were, you know, when to say Bulltap. I'm sure one time I did get on, but that's where it goes. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We know that there's racism, racism, but that doesn't mean that every time a black person is shot in the commission of a crime or the commission of pursuing him as the perpetrator of a crime. That doesn't mean that there was racism involved in that. It's like the boy who cried wolf. That's a very, very large point in the middle of all of this is that if we're just going to keep crying every time something happens, then it's going to fall on deck fears when there is legitimate racism, which as you say there is loads of, there's no question it's a bigoted goddamn country, sir. It's a bigoted world. But Jesus Christ, and here the guy wants to bring black Rodney King and the newspaper article author makes stuffy. Give me a break. Is this isn't kind of anything to do with either of those episodes? No, first not. Oh my god, little Joey. What's going on Neil? How you been? Good news yourself. Okay. Get ready for a little hockey season starting Saturday. Yes, sir. Unfortunately, no one else around here has a clue. No, but it was a free ticket to that was the original conversation. You see that little blip in the, he's covered it today or saying about how they, was it they could they can barely show up in my and your rena, or the new American Airlines, and that they've dropped, well, they're having trouble with the heat, by the way. They're having a lot of trouble selling those tickets out. They said that they don't even have 10,000 seed and tickets for the heat. Right. And that WNBA, never see that thing. They mean what like another thousand tickets out there. Never. And that's what happened. And that you look at the panthers. They had 16,000 season tickets last year and they're down to 13,000. Right. So off 20%. Yep. Why do you have a sports in this town? And, and what a great job of building that great in the arena over there at, in Miami, too. Yeah. It looks great. I mean, we have four reenas for 14. Yeah, we can have another arena on every street corner. Like I said, I mean forget about schools and forget about giving kids decent lunch and forget about the all the kids in portable classrooms. Let's just kill the keep building stadiums in a reeness. Oh, yeah. I mean, like my wife, since she has two sets of students in the morning after them, they have one textbook for both kids. None of the kids can take the book home to study. Nice. Oh, that's beautiful. Unbelievable. That's beautiful. And she says it. That's the least of her problems. He's probably up about 30, 40 kids in the class. She's 27 and 28. Yeah, close to 30. Each session. Yeah. And Shannon still way too many for it. The school was built for 800 and there's 1900. Oh, beautiful. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. Hey, where's something more important? Yes. I need to find a different way to get to Las Vegas in America West because I cannot believe that I suffered through the same thing I did four months ago when I went out there. Yeah. What house can you get out there without going through that through the horrible mess? Yeah, you have to go to Dallas. Take, uh, I don't know if you take Delta. Don't take American. Take Delta through Dallas. Oh, through Atlanta. Is that Anna and there was an, I don't know who was. They wanted to go through Chicago until I didn't want to do that. No, that's it. Look at a map. I mean, go through Chicago. First of all, take three hours just to get to Chicago. Yeah, and then you got to stick there for an hour. It's way out of the way. Don't do that. Go through Dallas is the best way. It takes seven hours altogether. But it's only about five hours of flying time. All the, the five hours of being stuck in that hell. Right. It's a piece of cake. Oh, all right. I'll let you know. Don't do it again. Take care. See you. They all hate America. Worst baby. They all hate them. And just like me, I'll never fly them again. Five, six, seven, and of course why do I, why do I keep saying that? I hear so many people saying I was sitting in the airport to the other day. And a woman can rush and buy it. I'm never going to fly that airline again. We all say that. But when push comes to show how many choices have you got. We got the star alliance and this alliance and your ass alliance and, you know, and they're all in bed together. And so the, the routes are very limited. And if you want to go from point A to point B, you may be have a couple of choices. And that's it. Sometimes you don't have any choices. Like this American thing, everybody I talked to it. That's screaming yelling bloody murder. How much they hate American Airlines and including me. And you know what? We're still flying America now and then. Tragedic. Here's sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. And first one say, love your show. I was talking about that newspaper or clothes. I was very worried about the, uh, not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet. That's the one. And, um, you know, she's saying that, oh, just because tuition is. We're staying. That the cops don't know why it's the shoot him. Shoot him. She would have been kind of something different if that would have been her house. And they wouldn't have stand off. And the guy shot one of her, her husband or kids or whatever. Right. And he's trying something else, fighting each shoot him. And personally, lost food and everything. I wish you to be in crime bloody murder or if the, if the cop happened to be her son and have it to be a black cop and it went and the same, uh, got it. He was chasing what actually had a gun in the waistband and shot and blown the cop away and had to be her son. She'd been taking a whole different tune then. Exactly. Why, why is it we've always got people apologizing for criminals. I don't understand that. I don't need the first thing to take all the criminals to me murder and rape. And I'm out to a football game and let's shoot him on the stand. There you go. That's the way. Get a 90 sure easy. There you go. Okay. Thanks, proud. Yeah. Good. Good. You won't have to worry about the electricity. Ha ha ha ha ha. We'll get Ted Kennedy and Rick Sanchez to drive the limos. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wildest line. Oh, they're ain't no predisposed. There's plenty of prejudices. Plenty of brain bingertry and 20 races. But when somebody's a scumbag, when somebody steals cars, when somebody is doing arm robberies, when somebody's a murderer, stop making excuses for them. Jesus Christ. I don't hear anybody crying about these three scumbags and Texas two of already have been given the death penalty. And the third one's trials getting started now. I don't hear anybody. Anyway, people say, oh, gee, you're picking on that. They, you know, horrendous lynching and killing of this black man. I don't hear white people see them demonstrating over there that they're getting a bum wrap. Get with it. There we time. You look at all the mass murders. I can't think of one black, oh, they had the one guy in Atlanta years ago. What the hell was his name? His name is Gizmy. Remember the one who was called all the kids? Oh, this is years ago in Atlanta. Mass murder. But all the other mass murders are white. Ted Bundy. John Wayne Gacy. Ted. Ted. Ted Bundy. They're all they all blend in together. Charles Manson. The guy in Milwaukee, what was his name? I came in the Jeffrey Donner. Oh, wait. I'm here anybody screaming. Oh, gee, these people are more framed. It was a bum wrap. I'm here to somebody saying that. Not see anybody marching in protesting and blocking off traffic because those people got what they had come into. You're going to be a dangerous criminal. That's the thing. A dangerous criminal and a dangerous other people's lives. Then guess what? You're going to get problems. Oh, that line about black, mom is in daddy's with the powerful spiritual offer children. I'm going to say, it just makes me want to scream. People keep calling about that article. Where is it? Where can they find it? It's on the bottom of the front page of the local section in this morning's sunset. The front page of the local section section B in this morning's sunset. Sherry Winston. Not enough strike to stop a speeding pole. Winston tastes good like a back home. Sure. Spread them and say cheese. There, Pete. Don't thank. I'm lacking in more. No. You used to watch me change. Now you do stare at the floor. Oh, there, Pete. I don't like the way home. If you could pay you who made a paper towel in a dirty bag. It's that so it made it to get back. Now it's the same thing to change that I think that you're the one who's lying. There, thanks. I don't. You know. You think. There, I think. I don't think that's that. You know it in cold. When you get to drink it, you put in a place you've never been the boss. There, I don't like. No. Why can't we just get a grip on our man to hand release him? Time to turn for truly how it will feel. If we put our hats together, we just stay home forever. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I always force myself to upset myself, like I need a little for kill right it's a lot of it's that they're 40 years without all are ultimately ruled justified after internal affairs investigations I understand that but how many cops how many cock shootings have you heard of maybe one or two that were moved on justifiable the only thing that's unjustifiable nowadays like also your senior you're a man that's a type of top as ever you say you say he's a trigger happy cop I think so and I think that if you think so there is definitely in today's you have any information about any of the other three four cases no okay thank you yes the article is on our website as of now all the article by Sherry Winston on our website is right now great you're Rogers dot com that's our website not enough strength to stop a speeding bullet by Sherry Winston just a just a road test and so typical and so counterproductive to what what's the point what is accomplished just like a ref bishop curry with his comments about all their note there are no black folks shooting cubans it's cubans shooting black folks there are just remember that we better aim yeah they have better aim there are no black folks shooting cubans okay I'll keep that in mind Wayne Williams Wayne Williams thank you very much that was the name or they had the mass mortars of all those young kids guys where we gone oh here's a mobile in the Q.R. go hello yes sir yeah call to only twice before on a subject you mentioned in nobody ever makes a comment on it okay I don't know this comeback how his family was I don't know if he had three four or five brothers and no father or didn't know who was brought up right either but it's a it goes back to what you said we have to have mandatory sterilization I mean that's that's the you can't be having three four five kids in on welfare and no parents running around no father no father no mother and it's just we have to start that's a start if you're born in a hospital for your second kid and you're still on welfare and you still don't know who the father is sorry sweetheart we're gonna tie your tubes there you go and when you're mature enough to get a job and you'd offer welfare and I'm not saying you have to have a man in your life but at least be responsible and just stop having children that you can't support you don't want to and most most of these kids they grow but you got to understand the lower the education level the less awareness there is about about planned parenthood about birth control about all these things that we're talking about and of course you got the right wing of this country why to keep everybody in ignorance true just keep them in ignorance and they will be screwed around you know the other two times you mentioned of mandatory sterilization no one called in nobody has ever come out the only one that called instead of letting the only through the times I've mentioned I've been talking about it for 15 years now I've been saying that well that's a little bit twice sterilization yeah and a new phone okay thanks pal we're getting a new fall system because this one blows this get in a man yeah oh I even go through it you know I go through the aggravation for sterilization you know crappy people making crappy babies and I think I never did get to that did I the other day I got to hear somewhere I think was it Monday I talked to her that talked to Joe about it see my mind is going now no it was on Monday about how scientists used to link all of these different things to genetics and now they realized that when the babies in the womb all depending on the health of the mother and the nutrition it gets and how the size of the baby when it's born determine so many things that happened later in life including IQ kind of start educating people just just having people reproducing like rabbits and having a bunch of kids running around and people killing kids and people throwing kids off of bridges because they're a burden they don't want them well what kind of slaughterhouses that crazy people making babies 22 before 2 at 5 60 W to Q AM nobody likes to shop especially men but if they need to buy a new parachute why does it say that nobody likes to shop women love to shop men don't like to shop why does it say that John penis I mean you're a good guy but you're full of crap credit is self-test question number 54 a pickup truck and a geometro are at a gas station the man filling up the pickup is dressed in dirty overalls and the man filling up the geometro is in pink leotards which car CD player is playing Garth Brooks greatest hits and which CD player is playing Judy Garland's greatest hit it's a 142 at 5 60 W to Q AM here's a fact from Andy and West Palm this morning on a Bob and Tom show they were reporting on the news they had an article on the America War Steriline's in which a blind woman in purchase the first class ticket for her and her seeing eye dog freedom a man complaint about sitting next to the dog they removed her under dog from first class to accommodate the complainer on the ground after raising hell with the FAA America war still find a whopping $1,000 and said that they were used the incident in their training films now if one of the passengers or if this a woman would have said F U to the store this he'd probably have arrested jailright now it's inappropriate line wage for in the air when you're on the ground it's a maybe okay but maybe not but in the air absolutely not no way Jose and don't forget to be the suit the house echo here's a mobile in candle hello yes sir hey a couple of things I didn't get to catch your opening this morning I just turned in late you were talking about those idiots who felt the need to rub elbows with O.J. at the golf tournament right we have are able to read that list none I haven't found out the names yet I'm working on yeah we're another question in real and real you also missed at the first thing that we had finally walk in the studio this morning it was a program from the golf tournament on Friday yeah it was autographed by O.J. and L.T. oh terrific and one of our sales holes wrote on top to kneel but let me ask you a question we we we we want we tend to separate ourselves from idiots like that how do you think it will affect the sales department with you know potential sponsors they come you know they go to make their sales calls and oh you're the one that needed to O.J. autograph I don't think I want to do business with you oh exactly and that's why that's why I'm going to work feverish way to get that list and put it all right so I think I read it you know that's just professional suicide right the other thing I would I drive a bet and I'm cruising up 75 and this must thing I'll close up next to me and so I take them on the left yeah that's the racism okay I want to hear humanity oh why yeah oh why that's what you said all white not anymore you ain't saying all white maybe in a hockey game now that Peter will else on the sidelines for five weeks of the injury that's the Panthers baby oh why yeah we can get managed to do that he'll do anything let's consider it all white five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line everybody's the big it air everybody you know something I've encountered I mean look at all the different things I got going man so I know all about prejudice any of something screw on that's my philosophy who cares consider the source here's a mobile and pepper pine tell hey hey what's up how you doing sir good I've got a paid six of the local section was Jerry Winston famous the local section right there's an article in there you share a peat faculty for yeah I read it you we got a new hour go got called out but thanks a lot yeah right on target so to speak yeah Sherry does like I said doesn't need a wrong guy then newspaper he had the gun in his waistband and he was probably gonna waste somebody with it Sherry she's so tired of hearing about the waistband what up what a simple to you are you're writing your goddamn commentary and supposedly major market freaking news that you got a human idiot Sherry you're a simple student you're an abosso abosette black mom is in daddy's bro oh how can this be in here how can this be in here are we all living in a vacuum and of course don't leave out the white trailer trash that a busy bearfoot and pregnant all the time with no daddy around and that would you know 15 kids running around don't forget them to their white so white black whatever it is people are just they may make a machine with no responsibility we don't need no more that crap like the guy said for sterilization let's see your column on ad honey and we're not just talking about anyone group of people we're talking about scumbags here's Daniel hello okay sure first time call all right I just wanted to comment on as far as the police you go sure I really can't say much about until you know the investigation is over there you go but what I really wanted to call about I can't understand how come we don't get up and get in the uproar when someone in our own community kills each other I just came out of the family you know in most of time we know who did it you know but you know what it should say here mostly blacks are shooting blacks not human shoots blacks but they don't confuse victory with that with the fact yeah exactly but you know but soon as somebody white killed one of us you know it's like oh it was racist and you know something you're just as dead no matter what the color was of the person that blue you crap away you're dead exactly that's right through the concept oh it's okay first to kill each other but it's not okay first somebody white to kill it yeah then they're bigots yeah that's all I had to say okay thanks a lot pal good point excellent point and it is true by the way it's the decision to be able to overwhelmingly true if a majority of black people who do get shot and kill get shot and kill by the black people how come Victor Korean screaming about that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty amin it this town we've had enough every time some growth time you know my stuffy thing was a grotesque miscarriage of justice but what happened in 1980 I remember where Lasha was yesterday was one of the ugliest the most disgusting the most barbaric incidents in the history of the human race talk about racism young white people who have it to be in the wrong god damn neighborhoods getting dragged out of their cars and having their brain gouged that would broken bottles that's beautiful that's lovely that's just this man that's barbaric it's sick in disgusting and how come it says nothing here about that it talks about our some stuffy had a beating death at the end of metro did officers and a deadly 1980 riots but that's all it says it doesn't say anything about what happened during those riots craziness insanity disgusting just subhuman want to be angry want to take your anger out on something take it out of the people of responsible love for innocent god damn bystanders who just happened to be you know a member of whatever group your your angry at how can you blame something on a group white people did this black people did this human people did this not like individuals and that goes back to what I said before in America individuals aren't supposed to take responsibility for the ranch anymore it was fags that it was straight people that did it it was the white people that did it it was a group of people that would be you know that thing that bumper sticker about guns don't people or kill people people feel people how about groups don't kill people individuals do how it seems this got we're talking so freaking dumb and it goes back to what I'm talking about the education system you can't complain about in America because it did joke there isn't any kids go to school in and party a portable toilet practically in portapones portable classrooms my ass don't have the money you know to build real love schools real civilized schools and the little joy that business about his wife who's a teacher teaching in an overcrowded class in a highly overcrowded school and they've only got one textbook for two kids and nobody can take any textbooks home what kind of crap is that mayor pinga that you want to you want to keep doing his masquerade money for Mickey Harrison here's a man who's worth billions and billions of dollars and the taxpayers in date county from now until the end of time until he tear that damn thing down