4T Radio 516 WGQAM Miami Force Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. The Neil is guest-polarizer. Anyone else on their shows do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, and be re-reacted for the B-C-R-T-R-T-N-L-U-N-U-R-G-R-T-O-T-U-A-L-L-T-O-P-I-K-O-N-G-O-I-T-V-D-A-N-B-D-E-T-O-O-T-O-T-A-N-T-E-N-B-E-V-E-N-E-N-E-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E- You're not sure you need to have better place. See, only thing between you and your destination is whatever nature has planned for you that day. unpredictable, breathtaking, life threatening, human-rassing on the Atlantic, will your way to something better? Road faster, no faster. Here come the shark, scatter a much faster than that. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Come on one more time for the West Coast. Road dammit, pain for a brother you were snabbing. Thank you. Where's the S? 10.02560WQM? This, I'm going to tell you something. I had been telling you for 20 years, and some people think, oh, that reminds me, he's just a bigoted son of a bitch. He's an old-blood heart-a-dance. He's a sarpose. You wonder why I talked about this town the way that I do? And let me just again say one more time. Just in case you missed it the first 50,000 times. They'd count it. You people are living in big county. Maybe someday you'll be lucky enough to move to the US. Which you know, the US has got plenty of its own problems. And we have fascist like Ken Jenny running around in Broward County. And you can't have an erection in an adult place if further serving alcohol. But nevertheless, they'd count it is not the US of A. So why should anybody be surprised that the latest antics of these frenzy hysterical people? And let me point out, okay, I want to make very clear one thing. Because I'm listening all around the Dallas morning. I didn't hear by the way, Castro, because I didn't turn on FM. But nice calling air, Paul finally. He sends omelette out there. We just got a spy report on it. So omelette to little have added a group of people to set out there in the street on Southwest eight street or wherever it was and block off the street screaming, okay, how does it feel now? In other words, pay back his abitch. And of course, along came some of South Florida's finest and said, you do you get your ass out of the street so we're going to throw your ass in jail. See the rules are different here depending on which language if you'd be good at finding. You know what I'm saying? A foreign country and I'm going to tell you, all you got to do is look in your newspapers today and see who's sucking the hardest. Here's the sunset and let I think had it right for a change. I guess we didn't have any girls get burns on their feet or little kids get scratched or anybody catch a cold overnight. So that didn't make the front page like yesterday about the little girl with the bruised on the, you know, protesters paralyzed traffic right on a front page with a picture. Cuban exiled demonstrators block a city of Miami Beach vehicle from crossing the car the causeway as they took over the street and front, blah, blah, blah, blah, etc. And I look at this picture by the way and I'm looking fairly closely and I'm thinking to myself, not even come. Is the first thing that comes to mind, but nevertheless, that's in the sun sent me. In the hero, however, not that the hero this pandering away till I get to their bringing it at a thrill today. Front page, a desperate dash to Cuban's dog patrol swim the land as for others are detained of a protest and it goes on and on and on and on. And finally when you get to page 14A, there's a little thing here way down to the bottom over a thousand protesters hit the day streets, kind of like an act of thought. As I started to say before, don't get confused because I was flipping around the dial and some people were saying, well, you know, these Hispanics, no, it's not Hispanics. It wasn't Nicarrodwins. It wasn't Puerto Ricans. It wasn't Colombians. It wasn't Venezuela and Sam. It wasn't, uh, whom I leave it not. I don't think it was. It wasn't Mexican. It wasn't a majority of the day. I beg you pardon? George is in here today. My name's B.F. Oh, a George Montana is filling in for George Rodriguez today because George went home out of the investment factor. George, Paul in 10. George, I'm a brother. But at any rate, it's not Hispanics. It's Cubans. Let's call us, pay the, uh, whatever it is. This is a one dimensional group of people and I, and you, you know, one thing you're going to have to take responsibility for because I understand the investment factor. I understand it. But over the years, you've always tried to steer me away from it. Oh, it's just that the old people. It's just a few old farts down there to one-ton domino park. I watched the news last night. I watched it all again this morning. I see the paper, the pictures in the newspaper. Most of these people out there were young people. Not the cross-deal farts. It was passed there bedtime anyway last night. The old farts in domino park. These were young people. Who should know better? I said corrected and it was far as the Coast Guard is concerned. Yeah, you know, you think you got enough brains that when they got all the TV stations got their choppers out there and you're on live television and people like Elliott Rodriguez, which I'll get to him by the way. What a performance that was Elliott you asked all of you. What an idiot. He's trying to give a lecture to the guy from the Coast Guard. Well, how come you're not doing this? You're supposed to be reporting the news Elliott, not making it. But nevertheless, don't confuse him with the fact. He's a little emotional and a little biased. But you think that the Coast Guard would have enough common sense realizing that all these cameras are trained at them and thousands of people are watching and a bunch of angry people are gathering on the beach because the mayor of the county is on Spanish language radio along with every other goddamn pan-ring politician screaming at... I'm not... I'm not doing his usual routine. I'm not doing... I didn't have enough sense to be a little more sensitive in the way they handled it. So I don't think anybody with a brain would defend that. But setting that aside. Number one, this was not a major news story. Number two, if the six people out there in the little Rickity boat would have been Haitians, they'd already be back in Haiti. You can bet your life on it. And you know something that Harold and your brilliant pan-ring editor earlier today, talking about the horrible and shameful US refugee policy, is there one word in here about Haitians? No. But anybody else from any other country besides Cuba? No. And by the way, if a would have been Haitians, not only would they already be back in Haiti, but nobody would have blocked off the streets last night. Nobody would have pissed off an entire county. I say an entire county. I guarantee there were people who lived in Broward, a car cop and at on the Palm Middle, and on the Julia-Taddle in the MacArthur causeways to last night. And so like I said in an entire part of the state, it wasn't bad enough. We had to undergo the embarrassment with the junior pan-am games, and now all future pan-am games and other international tournaments who will never consider coming to South Florida because of the same hysterical idiots. You know, when are we ever, the one vision that stays in my mind, they show these idiots jumping into the water to show their support for these people. They're jumping off the bridges into the water. And here's this one old guy, you know, dripping with water. 500 years old. Leave a group of them. I'm thinking, give it a freaking rest already, okay? Give us a rest. Give us some peace in this town. I think it's time that they take big county in surgery. I said this years ago and everybody laughed at me. Just surgery cut it off the map. Drift it down there to Cuba, okay? And when people say Cuba North, they know what they're talking about. Instead of having people come here and kiss the ground and be thankful and grateful for having opportunity to escape that communist regime that we're always hearing about. And be civilized toward their fellow neighbors in this community. Air Me Chance, like a couple of months ago, there was a guy with a little rickety bolt that they confiscated. And right away, oh, we're going to go down there and tie up traffic every time we're pissed off. And Gilly had it right on the head this morning. What a great person it this is. The media got everybody whipped up into a frenzy and they said, oh, you better let these people stay here. And okay. Okay. Whatever you say, that's a good thing. That's a great person. That there's a great message to send out. Every time you're pissed off about anything, go out there and block off the traffic, get people sitting there, high hysterical for four and five hours in traffic. People have nothing to do with your grievances, by the way. Nothing. And many of whom may have been sympathetic with you before, by the way. And I'm sure hate you like poison now. I'll tell you one thing. If you wanted to have a primer, if you wanted to have a college course in how an ethnic group can take and turn an entire community against them. And in gender, some of the most wild hatred you've ever seen in your life. I'm not talking by clansman and digots. I'm just talking about people who are generally like reasonably tolerant people. Just go to this, just go to date county and take a page from the Cuban history of book, which you saw here again last night. And Elliot Rodriguez, I'm going to tell you right now, you are your performance yesterday afternoon. See if not bad enough that the CBS and the Fox people have forced us with the big dish. We can't see our affiliates anymore in a big dish. So if we want to watch a network show like guiding light yesterday, they got to keep it erupting and erupting because we're forced to watch CBS on their local affiliate, whether we want to or not. See I was watching this evening at work program, even though it was a dumb soap opera. I wasn't watching this CBS, they're like, this wasn't the major story. There are refugees watching up on our shores all the time. But because the media were able to get there in a politicians, of course, when flocking down they're like crazy, like they had antinopants to exploit this and get everybody whipped up into a frenzy and because it's the middle of the summertime and there's nothing else going on besides those girls falling down and moving theaters, getting a booble under leg. That's what you saw in Dave County. And once again, the laughing stock of the universe, a laughing stock where you just can't live in peace because every time a certain segment of the community gets pissed off about whatever it is, they're going to make it miserable, they're going to make it hell for everybody else. And most of the media are going to say, all right, nice going. Like this idiotic editor-in-herald this morning, this ass sucking, pandering editor-in-herald this morning. This is disgusting. This is revolting. This is grotesque. And you wonder why I talk about this town the way I do. This town when I first came here was pretty good. Life was sweet as Default says. And now it just keeps getting worse and worse and the corruption gets more rampant than it just out of control. And you know, and if you don't want to go along with a program at Dave County, maybe, you better move. And I did, long time ago. Thank God for that. Somebody owes an apology to all those thousands and thousands of people whose lives were disrupted last night for no God, then good reason for things they have nothing to do with a no control over. I'm sorry. I'll consider it. Hello. You have reached Dickie's Workers' Choice Catalog and Information One to speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Thank you. Thank you for your service. This is Louis and you may help you. Yeah, I'm my Louis and I. Hi. You like Dickies? Sure. Now I guess a lot of women do, huh? I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickies. I see. She likes a lot of them. And I understand some gay guys like Dickies. Well, I really don't have to be there. I don't know what about that. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well, sir, we go to a 72-way. Oh my God. Do you like little Dickies too? Sir. Something my girl basically likes big Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, just so I could just say Dickie a lot on the phone. Yeah, huh? Were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing. But I don't talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Sure. Biggie Dickie. Oh, hey. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this Dickies. I'm on a win-win-like Dickies. I'm going to disconnect. No. When you're talking about Dickie. That's a 52-560 WDQM 567-0560, Pond-560. On a mobile one-line. Swim the freedom. Here's the editorial in these sucking pandering herald today, which mentions nothing by the way about the disruption, about these civil disobedience that we're on this town last night for hours. Some people were stuck for as long as five hours on an occurment on a palm-metal last night. But the hero has no comment about that. Ugly is the word that comes to mind followed by shameful and sad and senseless. It says, with the unblinking, steer of live television, countless numbers of viewers witnessed yesterday afternoon the arbitrary and too often cruel application of US refugee policy. And it goes in here about the Bolsteros summer of 1994 when countless thousands of desperate Cubans risked their lives and the flimsy is to wrap in search of freedom and a Clinton administration to this. And by the way, but I will not one more about Haitians about anybody else in the world. And like I said, not one more to one one on here last night, which is totally and absolutely and positively, unfreaking acceptable. It is unacceptable. Every time something doesn't go their way, we're going to go out in the streets. We're going to block the traffic because we own this town and if you don't like it, we'll give you the buff on Google. How do you like that? That's the message. And like I said, somebody is owed a big apology in this town. And that's just a question of the people who were caught in their cars who sat in traffic for hours. It's a question of how much, how can this town even survive? Well, this is just on the heels. It was just last week that they lost the junior pan and games to evolve places Tampa and the people from the Pan American selection committee were like psychotic and saying, hey, forget I don't even bother applying anymore in the future because we wouldn't come there if you paid us 50 billion dollars. If it's so great, I'm going to say the same thing, okay? Just like with the New Yorkers, okay? If it's so great, get on your rubber wrap and start going in that direction south. The rats go in both directions, okay? Get your lickity, your lickity, rickety boat and go to hell by on there. Give this town a chance. Just a chance. Just a little bit of a chance. I watched this crap for 23 freaking years now. Oh, the courageous, the courageous freedom flowed Tila. Back when cancer was unloading all his mental defectives and his worst criminals and the media in this town, the scutlass politicians in the media, oh, it's the courageous freedom flowed Tila and God forbid that any of us are going here and say, does this make any sense? Oh, no, you can't say that. Because you've got to say the right things here in this town, Mr. You've got real problems. These weren't all parts from domino park. These were young people. I've evidently no respect for anybody else who lives here. Who doesn't share their one-dimensional history? God, it just makes you want to get on the ground and puke. Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Man, I am just up and fired up here. I'm reading another thing in the slum Sentinel story. You said it best and as usually do, but I got one question. I'm reading it like you said. These aren't oldsters from the ancient days. This is like 5,000 people in various places all around town. I say the average age of these people were 30 to 35. The average age of all the people that I saw who were doing all the civil disobedience yesterday. My question is, how in hell can they get this many people organized? You don't understand. It's not organized. This is another myth that some people like to promote all the time. It's only old domino park people that listen to those Spanish language stations. You look at the ratings, month after month, book after book. I mean, it makes mistakes every now and then. But it can't be every year. You're looking there and they're all these people in their 20s and 30s. Listening to, you know, Certainly getting most of their news from Channel 23, not from English language outlets. So we're not making any progress, man. Who are these people? I mean, and wouldn't you think that the energy that they extend to do something like this could be put to better use this? Yeah, sure would. I mean, I just don't know what to think anymore. It's like, you're right. I mean, this thing a couple of months ago, but the guy with his both that they didn't want to give him back, which eventually got it back anyway. This was such a minor story. And yet even then we had people blocking streets and they were talking about a massive blockade off the streets. If they don't get their way, I mean, this is like a bunch of little children in a sandbox. If we don't get our way, we're going to rattle our spoon on the on the goddamn height here and make all the noise until you finally cave in and just to shut us up. Neil, Neil, ambulance has had to be rerouted. If this was any, that's right. How would you like to a bit? How would you like to be in a record that there's somewhere in a car through an ambulance trying to get to you? Or on a palm mettoome or trying to save your life to paramedics, forget it. Any other city in the city? So, millions, every one of these people should have been rounded up if they had a call to an actual guard and thrown their ass in jail. Just like omelette over there on the little event of this morning, them threatening him either get out of the street or going to throw your ass in jail. Neil, any other town in the United States does not go on. And if it does, it's dealt with real, real quickly. This is the only place. I mean, if no, it does go on, but only if there's something extraordinary that happened. It's happened in New York and other places. But only if there's something extraordinary and grotesque that happens, that really gets people crazy. This was six people in a goddamn rookie boat and a Coast Guard act right away that they shouldn't have been doing. And it was a bunch of people in the media and politicians whipping everybody up into a frenzy over nothing. Absolutely. It floors me the way the way it happens here. The message is that air-req-ben, who gets on a boat and tries to come here, this is the message, has got to be allowed to come here. Anybody else that can drown, they can go to hell. Nobody else including the hero gives a crap about those people. All I want to know is, you know, when it's those, some are, some are groove. 560, 50560, on the mobile one. I'm sure you'll be hearing about that later, sir. Say it eight so, so. See, this isn't something that's debatable, okay? I mean, I understand it. I told you before, this is not a civilized place. This is a barbaric place. And by the way, seven people stand at the Miami Arena last night for the rap concert. I just mentioned that in passing. Just as a little extra added bonus, they've got a great night in the big city. Seven people stand. I guess that's not too bad. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Last night, this was a topic of discussion at the dinner table. And, uh, couldn't like put my finger on like a word to like really describe it. And then it came to me. This is tantamount to terrorism. Yeah. In other words, somebody doesn't like it. So what they do is they harm someone else to get them to be sympathetic, which is completely a lot. Right. Which turns everybody else against you. That's correct. Exactly. So, I mean, uh, there is a much you could do about it. That's the way this is. Except in moving, that's why I live a little bit of Broward and Palm Beach. Guys, steward and farther and farther away, because this is unacceptable. No civilized person wants that to live like this. Why would you want it to protect yourself to being with people like this? I'm here to see you. I'm here to see you. I'm moved. That's why I live in Broward too. All right. That's the whole spiel. Okay. God bless you, sir. God bless America. And maybe someday you people in Dave County will be lucky enough to live in it. Everybody used to live, I'm not everybody, but some people just, oh boy, you're really going overboard with that, you know, Dave County's not part of America. Yeah, right. It's a banana republic. It's the only county in the United States that gets involved in foreign policy. It's a county that's got its own foreign policy. As if the State Department somehow is something to do with what's going on in Dave County, where the mayor, by the way, the same mayor that was on a radio, a pudderosa, whatever to hell out there, you six, seven years today, whipping everybody up into a frenzy, doing a play by play. Like it says in a Harold here, well, where was that thing about his, his voice, quivering, mayor, penis, stood near the Coast Guard station on the MacArthur Crossway, giving a blow by blow account of the protest to Spanish radio listeners and getting everybody whipped up into a frenzy. Isn't that where the cot rights lived, the pudderosa. Yeah, the pudderosa. That's where little, uh, a house, a little, whatever his name was, and the Lauren Green, so they got the dog food thing. Now he moved him with help. Oh, God. Career fixed elections. Trying to stick with over here. I'm going to tell you right now, I'm going to do everything in my power. If I have to dwell on an after vacation every day and at 29th of July and a Thursday, to make sure that everybody votes, oh, on a goddamn penny sales tax that they're trying to to screw the public with their in-date county, so that merits dear high and mayor, penis and his cronies can give you another bunch of bullcraft metro rail to go along with a billion dollar first one that they had a fixed election on and I'll guarantee you right now. It's not on George before we came on here this morning. That election, I remember it very well, very, very close, so they said, and they weren't in it backward, of course, is they all want to do? If you're for it, you vote no, and if you're against it, you vote yes. Let's confuse the people as much as we can. And even doing that, it was still like nippentuck. And so in the wee hours of the morning when the votes came in from like homestead, the votes came in to put the metro rail over the top. Homestead. Oh yeah, they're all from that for rail, right? Scored, Scored, yeah. There's squeezing each other so excited about it. Does it go anywhere near homestead? No, will it ever go there? No. No. Another fixed election in a town. It's famous for fixed elections. You know, it used to be Chicago was the most corrupt city in America. Then it was New York, the mobsters and all the other in Tamony Hall. Then it was Louisiana with Huey Long and all the crap into Orleans. And now Miami's number one baby. We may not be the best, but we're the goddamn crookedest on the face of the earth. God forbid, we should have casino gambling, or I'm saying. Because that brings in bad elements. 26 after 10 at 5.60, double you QA, and you want to get used to them cash. Maybe you want to go to Vegas. You'll have a good time there. You don't have to worry about a bunch of crazy people blocking the streets often Vegas. They should just only try that one time there. See how long they last, huh? I'm so lucky in Gama, and I got a water. Please love my village and my high school's big and brown. Oh, every bowl, they get my feet now. We have two fours on Gama. I love the three-centation of strange hands on my body. It's like under what big hands I've been on stage of time. Time to take their clothes off and stop dancing in the aisle. But I know that I should make them stop putting on with things to be fun. Oh, double up all the way. You're so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. 32 at five. By the way, he's Puerto Rican. That's one he can't blame on a Cuban. 32 at five, 60 at WDQMC. I'm always preaching about one of the several things. But one thing in particular, and that is don't be a professional, I'm a blind. Because you've got to be a human being. Like George is also a character today because he was born Cuban and therefore he feels and burned. What do you have to do with it? You know, these were professional Cuban agitators who were out there last night who had no respect for anybody else who live in their own world. They're a good Cuban. They're crappy Cuban. They're good Jews. They're obnoxious Jews. There's no matter what the group is. But people who want to go through a life, oh, I'm Cuban man. Who gives a crap? I don't care. I'm not impressed. What does that have to do with anything? That's accident. That's by a lot. You know? By the luck of the draw or the bad luck of the petting an eye you look at it. And by the way, nice job Channel 4 and Mayor Julianne and that hander and kid with this morning story. Nice job again for the media yesterday. Oh, 10 minutes they spent on the five o'clock news. After they got through with the banana boat people, we went into that 10 minutes story about his Honduran kid who walked through Honduras and he walked through Mexico and all the way here about it. So hoax. Nice going Rudy Giuliani. Go back and close up the porno shops. Okay. In mind your own business. Professional Jews, professional Cubans, professional Spartans, professional faggot, professional I have no woman my life for such people. We have to be people with no labels. And if you're so obsessed with that little piece of mountainous island there in the middle of the Caribbean, which means nothing to almost anybody anymore in the world, which is of no strategic importance to this country whatsoever anymore. If you're so obsessed like I said go there. Fly over the Bahamas then you can go to Cuba. Fly to Canada. You get our plane and go there. There are flights leaving every hour. Go there and move in with all those poor, slipper relatives. You can find any left there, which I doubt. And by the way, you know, I probably should mention this on a year because now that I'm really getting into MTV, well, wind up losing MTV. Because on roadkill, I mean road rules is new group of kids we got on road rules. Well, one of them she's a Cuban girl. So one of the things they did on the first night Monday night, one of the stops that they made was in Havana. They played softball against a bunch of Cuban kids. How do you like that? Oh, I didn't get it! Get it off the cable now, come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter. They were playing softball with Cuban kids and getting their asses beat to, by the way. The day has got to come. And of course, it never will come. I mean, you know, I can sit here and say it from now on for next five years just to kill some good time for three years. I'm sorry. They're never going to change. I mean, this is in their brain. I mean, the brain washed. This is they live for this. This is all they know. There are 24 hours a day around the clock. And they use it as a weapon against all the rest of us who hope to have a life that has something to do with anything besides Cuba or Israel or any other mother. I don't hear any black people saying, oh my God, Africa, Africa, we're just desperate to go back to Africa. We got to emancipate the whole continent of Africa. I don't hear Haitian say, oh, we got to emancipate Haiti. Haiti, my no. Quite the contrary. They want to get there a lot of there. And how come there were all these people by the way, women are not a communist flag yesterday with all the crap going on. That's what I would like to know. How come they were waving the flag? How come they weren't waving the American flag? It seems to me that's what we were looking at yesterday was that people were trying to get to freedom in the US freedom. Like freedom to drive your car in a highway without being disrupted by a bunch of barbaric idiots. So how come they weren't waving the US flag? They celebrate the fact that these people were coming up on the shores of a free country and freedom, of course, being something that most Cubans have no idea what it's all about. Since they've never had it. How come we didn't see that? And how come it's that a thing? You know, Viva, you were saying, let's just start us with you. How come it's that a that? We have Viva Goba from that old fart with a water dripping down his ugly post. That's silly old man. And here's a list in the paper here. Every politician with a Hispanic surname was there. They're sucking ass yesterday. They were running all over each other to see you could get there. I bet you they were coming in by helicopter. They couldn't get their fast enough to exploit this and jump on a goddamn bad wagon. Let of course by near penis. Oh yeah, he's a young guy. He's a Democrat. He's going to be different. He's the same old pile of crap only worse. He's a wolf and sheep's clothing is what he is. Nice going. Getting there on a radio. Getting everybody hooked up into a frenzy. And the mayor by the way, should take plenty of credit or blames. At least Martin, remember all Martin is as much as I despise him. Although Hank likes him a lot. You know what I'm saying? Thanks. He didn't roll. But that was funny. But nevertheless, at least he was there trying to disperse the crowd and say, go home and enough of this and they're going to be able to stay. Even after it was announced that they finally hit coercion people to say, okay, they can stay here and up already. Come to grab even after that. They still don't want to go. I didn't see him mixing it up with the protestor. Yeah, someone Adam was talking about it. Just a crap out of one of the. Right. Exactly. He's a big guy. He would have turned Hank into two pounds of chop liver out of that right now. He's a huge guy. And then the police chief there in Highlight gets hit on the side of the head with a brick. I mean, you know, he's just a poorly protest. Not. It was civil disobedience. Let me say it again. When people were protesting for legitimate causes, like against the war and be at nom, like a can't stay. They got shot. Some of them got murdered. When people were not in protest legitimately against things that are grotesque and unacceptable. Well, then the different story they were going to national guard, they wound them off and they threw the ration jail. When people were out there blocking off the streets of this town again for the umpteenth time because they're fired up and pissed off because the media and their politicians got them all whipped up into a frenzy. Because we got six guys flailing around in the water out there at a Coast Guard didn't do right by him. And other road regains is hyperventilating there on Channel 4. You know, something, if it were me, of course, I understand their desperate for ratings. They're, they got a panda, you know, they got to be Channel 7 when it comes to pandering. It's up to me. I'd fire his ass right now. That wasn't a news job yesterday. That was like, well, well, what was that? And he was doing besides interrupting guiding light three times. For a non-story. Only here couldn't interrogate the disrupted and whipped up into a frenzy about something so relatively insignificant. If the six guys stay, no big deal. If they were sent back, no big deal. When we're at the other, it's not going to change anything about this town, about our immigration policy about anything. Not a big deal. How do you compare this to that little girl that's fell down the movie theater and forgot a booble on her leg? I rest my case. I'm going to get back to the other side of the movie theater. One day, you can confirm that you want something to do with this right now. I'm not going to say goodbye, no, no. No, I just want to get laid. Some of those dating service lines short may cut through some of the initial bull, like actually having to go out and meet someone. But overall, they still contribute to the red tape keeping you out of the bedroom. You need high-five, high-five on. Forget about high-ups and date. I like nature walks, our galleries, and it's looking for a man who can... With five or five crump, all you get is... High up, 50, five foot four, clean the lapel, and eight out of 10. And well, I guess I said that. No one cares what your interests are. Or even if you have a criminal record. It's 55, I'm home. Kill the bull, call the home today. It's 1044 at 5.60. By the way, you spymeless idiots, ass suckers, and the media here, and all over America. Just like when the Pope came to Cuba, which I remember like it was yesterday. And all they were, uh, Echristiana Amanpor, and every other reporter was done, or high-profetalating and sucking him by his toenails. Looking his goddamn, uh, miter, whatever the hell that is. Anything changed there? No. Church going big down there? No. Commoners in the superior? No. Freedom? Money? Any medication? Any food? No. No. No. And everybody was strangely quiet back then. Everybody to cat head their tongue. Maybe it was that way for a guy caught on the tongue. That might have been it. By the way, we understand that, uh, I see I shouldn't get into this. But as I hear it to the grapevine, I think it's going to be true. It's starting this Sunday. It services the cat lectures all over the world. They're going to have the wafers going to be shaped like a little penis. What? Call truth and packaging. That's what father or tool said. You know, here, put this in your mouth, Billy. You know, practice makes perfect. Where are we going? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, you're going to love this. Just heard that they're demonstrating again outside Chrome demonstrating. What? Well, they're obviously whipped up again, uh, demonstrating the treatment of the six, uh, refugees again. What? What's their to demonstrate? They got their way. They're going to be allowed to stay here. What? They didn't explain that one. They just said, here they go again. Oh, Jesus Christ. They blocked off the end. You know what? I have to wonder. I'm looking at the pictures of these people. And I saw the films on a TV over. These are people who are like working age people. Do these people have any light? Oh, they have a job. What are they doing? Well, they've already blocked off Chrome Avenue. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. You got five. Okay. Here we go. It just gets better and better and better. Some of us might be going on vacation pretty soon. Oh, God. Oh, all. Kiss the ground, baby. Some of us might live in Broward. Oh, man. And in perfect. Oh, boy. There's something so beautiful about Broward. You want me to know what it is? It's not date. That's the beautiful part of our living in Broward is that it's not date county. Oh, I'm sorry. Miami-Dade County. A county that was so embarrassed that they tried to change their name. It's still in full in anybody. We not only have professional ethics, but the county is so ethnic that it's a high. We not only have people with high-finated names. We have a high-finated county. Oh, Miami-Dade County. In fact, wait till they change it to Miami-Dade Gonzalez County. That's all. That's next week. Miami-Dade Ross, Latenin County. Maybe Rosanne Rosanna, Dan and come back and be the Empress. They're starting up again. And we're going to hold you hostage and you're going to do it, our way. And let me say it. Those kids are one plate softball against the Cuban kids. They're on road rules on MTV. Didn't see any problems going on. Didn't see anybody going, uh, what's that? See me to begin along pretty good. Have it a good time kind of like mingling there where, you know, people, the people kind of thing, which is what life real life is all about. And I'm looking again at the picture. Of course, I realize it's the Harold, so maybe a little bit skewed here because I never believe anything in the Harold anymore. And that too much in the other paper. But here's the picture on the MacArthur Crosway yesterday. And it does point out by the way that all the rescue vehicles and ambulances, they were all blind. They were all paralyzed. They had no way to get you. Nobody going to go anyway. George has got the American flag on his lapel now. And it's a good thing on his shirt pocket. And he must be psyching because I'm getting that. I'm looking at this picture now of all these idiots. And I do mean idiot. And that's a compliment. Congrading there and blocking off the traffic on the MacArthur Crosway. I see one, two, three, four, five flags. Is there an American flag? No, they're all a flag of a communist country. Is what I see. Comonista, Comonista, Comonista. Maddoque, Comonista, there you go. Like Omelette said, they're on cast and overshadowed this morning. How does this feel now? Better get off the street. We're going to throw your ass in jail. Oh, I see. No speaker right language, huh? Spinalist. That's what this town is, baby. That's what Dave County is. Spinalist politicians. Pandering media. And just a handful of us that have the ball stick on and tell the truth. Pinecres, tell. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I applaud the Coast Guard because I'm a voter and a fisherman. Yeah. And if I was out there on the water and the Coast Guard tried to pull me over and I resisted, they would have blown me out of the water. Yes, you would have not got it. What nobody wants to talk about is that the Coast Guard was trying to carry out the law. They didn't write the law. I didn't get an envelope. I don't know if they could have sprayed that was excessive. I would be a young. But as far as everything else, they were trying to get them on the vote because they were trying to carry out the law. Don't confuse these two wins with the law, baby. You don't like it. Right. And I wish they would take all their aggression toward Castro. Castro. That's over and to the road back yard and Cuba and deal with it over there. That island is so important. My God, these people ought to be going down there the same ones who's parents by the way and grandparents may be turned tail and ran like cowards. They ought to be down there. We're doing something about it. Yeah, I was here since early 60s and the cutem that came in on that way. They loved being here and they appreciated the United States. But this latest way. Yeah. And they really taught the Mario Bull of since 1980, man. You know, people are calling and say, oh, yeah, we made it what it is today. The people who came since 1980 for the most part, they didn't make it what it is today. They turned day counting it with toilet. They didn't even have a republic. Well, actually, the Mario leans made it what it is today. Yeah. But anyway, lastly, I'm on my way. It's street to block traffic. See you. Okay, Viva Cuba. Viva Cuba Libre. This is anxious and nauseating. And it's so, you know, it's like it's like going through the same exercise. The same old, tired exercise over an over an over an over an over an. And it's pointless. He's not going anywhere. Fidel ain't going away. He's in pretty good health. He's smoking a big cigar. He's over there. He's having the time of his life. He's getting late all he wants. I mean, he's not going. So you can keep flageylating the rest of us with this over an over an over an over an over an over again. And all it does is polarize and create enormous hatred in this community. And all it does. It doesn't do anything else. And like I said, you know, it's interesting. You know, there's nobody's responding what I said about the Haitians of these six people would have been. And we had Haitian voters being exploited by the way being smuggled in by ruthless assholes. I wouldn't want to say Joe Cuba smuggled in any Cuba Cuban guys. Smuggling people in for fun and profit. And the coast guard intercepts them and butterbanging back they go. And if it were like I said, if it would have been six Haitians on that same boat yesterday, that's what it happened. We wouldn't even end up in guiding like once much less three times with Elliott Rodriguez is embarrassing and just pathetic performance. Elliott you're working in the wrong country sweetheart. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. I just love you. I'd love you for years and KAT. Hi. Hi. Hi. Neil, I want to say a few points about this Cuban fiasco. Yes. I have never in my life seen a whole bunch of cowards and showing their passion here. Yeah. Instead of going back to Cuba and fighting in their homeland. But they're show their passion here because they know the American government's behaviors extremely much to them. And it just makes me sick. Another point is I believe a lot of them are coming now also because in Guantanamo they picked up all the land mines. So they're able to go into Guantanamo now without fear of being blown up by a landbind. That might be another wave. God forbid. Okay. One other thing, Neil. Yes, ma'am. During the Holocaust, 600 Jews tried to enter the port in Cuba. Right. And they didn't allow them. How ironic that America has taken millions and millions of Cubans into our country. Okay. I'd like to have a great thing. Yeah. The same was. You asked to turn it down. Can't it turn it down? They went back to Europe. Any went back to the concentration camps in the oven. Okay. Why can't you use anybody with effects? Because then we'll start getting the people comparing Castro to Hitler again. Which I get. I just, I don't have the energy for that. I can't deal with that anymore. Just the, just ludicrous. Oh my God. They were playing softball in Havana. That was on MTV. What are the young people going to think? Yeah. Maybe the young people get a brain. Maybe the young people will realize that people are people. Like I said the other day. And I, you know, maybe it sounds very corny. I like nice people. I don't like assholes. I don't like people at block the streets. I don't like people that are arrogant and rude and obnoxious. I like nice people. I'm not interested in finding out what their, what their family tree is all about. It doesn't make any difference. And that's the biggest problem in the world. Is that everybody's got all these labels. That's why in Northern Ireland. They're all telling each other because it's the, the Protestant and the Catholic. They religious labels and ethnic labels. It's all a bunch of crap anyway. What their vids, is it make? What kind of a family you were born into? What country they were born in? A hundred years ago, 300 years ago. Well, what their vids, is it make? It's so basically simple for Christ. It's even an idiot can see it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm more on can see it. But all the energy that's expended with, oh, like, you know, the Jews would Israel. And that's never going to be resolved. It's never going to be resolved because you got, I hate people over there who hate each other for just the reasons I just got to talk about. And for Christ, they're all circumcised. Why can't they get a little, why can't they get long? Boy, this is so old and tired and pathetic and tragic, and they're added to get over there in Chrome. And of course, there's nobody in, I mean, forget about leadership. You've got a total vacuum now. Because all you got are a bunch of panning, his panning even ones that aren't human, Hispanic politicians in Dave County, and the media led by the Harold, we're just going to, you know, be cheerleaders. They're getting the pompoms out right now. Hollywood, hello. Hollywood. Yes, this is just a tip of the iceberg. As far as all that stuff goes, because a minute they allowed those. What does that mean? Well, basically by allowing those four actually, they're just over the Chrome. They're starting to hold thing up. I mean, from here on out, all they know they got to do is just start, yelling, screaming, walking, walking, walking. That's your on out of thought. That's right. This is a message. It's like they put up a billboard and say, anytime we do something, you don't like, just get about 500 or a thousand of your neighbors out there. And you're going to call us to reach them. We'll cave in. That's right. And we'll be back. And with the politicians saying, risking lives in this and I don't hear any of them mentioned about the ambulances. We see it going right. They jeopardize the lives potentially of anybody who lived in the areas near the McArthur near the, off the palm metal, which my God, how many miles is that thing run? They jeopardize the lives of all the people who might have been injured, whatever might have had a heart attack, the paramedics, the ambulances. They jeopardize the lives of thousands of people. So they can go out there and do their usual same repetitive bullcraft. Exactly. Or if they go grab our counties. Okay. I don't hear anybody debating all of these things that's being said. And you want to know why because it's not debatable. It's a fact. The fact. Talk about selfish. Talk about one dimensional and selfish. Oh, we don't care about you. We got our cause man. They get a God damn permit and have a God damn demonstration. Okay. That's been done many times in the past by a lot of groups including Cuban and everybody else. Get a permit and have a God damn demonstration. And don't go out there in the streets and block everybody else off because you feel like it. Oh, this is our place. You know something you can have it. That's my opinion. I got out of there 10 years ago. You can have it. There's nothing there I want. Well, you can hear today. That's all. I guess I'll talk to you. But we just can't use ya. You're in the round way too long. Yes. Can't talk. You are clean by stuff. Too long you've laughed at the pay of peace should have worked. See tell you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so God damn it. You and me go son of a bitch. This all we know you like are you behind the strike. Where were you in 60? Readed you till can the sea. More than, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, Where the, where the, where the, there's not now in three your nation. Are you in to mess up the, there will be, the, the embargo. Cuba will become another kill, a, you are safe. You are safe. We're certainly wrong or rather not the way. We're safe. We're safe. Loser. Yes. Oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use ya. You're in a round way too long. Yes. So you are good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You behind the strike where were you in 63 the true killed, John Kennedy, s worth. What the, thieves. They're that. Now. And the are you in for associations together. Who lists the embargo to where the, well, let the, Where hearer. You a save process. Wake them off of grass and boats away. 11.03.5.60. You got me to kill him all the time. There's nobody that wants Castro out of there more than I do because I'd love to call a bluff of all these people. Not to 60 and 70, 80 rolled the domino players. I'm talking about these people including teenagers and people in their 20s and 30s and 40s who are out there with this aberrant civil disobedience last night. What if it came on here tomorrow? All of Castro just croaked and they're going to have democratic elections. He's gone and myorlanski's nephew was in her building casinos. Then we'd find out talk about Cog your bluff who's in a hurry to get back there. You think all these people are out there marching away even their flags. You think they're going back? No. I'd sure love to see it for. I'd just love to see the opportunity to see just how fast they be crowd in the airport stop on those planes. I think you could roll bowling balls up and down the aisles and those planes. Sometimes you don't know when you have it, you when you're well off. SD goals didn't once told me. Sometimes you don't know when you're well off. And I said, you know what? You're right. Here's a what is it? Ladies and gentlemen, I tell you. Hi, Neil. I'm pretty disturbed. It's like why have laws? This is just unbelievable. I mean, I'm reading the Sunset Know and the police said it was a sensitive issue and that we've clear from beginning to the protestors walking about. I guess you should just let them stand there. I'm trying to. The thing that's the scariest to me and I got the front page again at the Sunset Know and the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police said, the police just did buy and just watch them. I mean, you know, it's like why, why even have police? Why have anything in this far, the media is concerned? Because because they county is being held hostage, don't you know, it's not a joke. It's a truth. No, yeah, you're absolutely right. The county is being held hostage by a bunch of arrogant, hostile, uh, lunatics who just are going to run it their way, and nobody better get in their way. That's right. I never cross the county line because I don't want to be another. I don't. But as far as the media is concerned, I was watching the the weather on child seven and still come all was on and he was talking about the rain and how the the county's inundated with rain. But he said it was really nice that they're not raining on the protestors in Hialia. I'm like, is this real? He was serious. He actually said that in his weather forecast. I said, you know, can I, I'm not raining on the protestors in Hialia. They're blocking the bomb at a time. People up for four and five hours. Yes, so we're happy that we're going to be investing that would happen if we're going to start pouring like crazy. Get a little bite. He's out the streets, right? Oh, little lightning would have been great. Right. If Luke Christie could have made lightning strike a few times. Well, pick her neon, keep it up. Have a great day. Bye. Oh, Bill, come all. Another weather lady with a sense of humor, huh? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I didn't need breakfast because I know I couldn't hold it down. I've been all those. I've only just left. I've just left. Oh, yeah. And thank you for some levity with the song. Next is Stereo Rules Miami. Right. Now, what if the national guards had a plane? You know when the tests are eating the vegetables, the aircraft custom? How about the mellow paint on these bastards? That's the cops telling them that they just get out. Okay. Thank you, sweetheart. Co-eaten breakfast. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Hey, we don't want to take up too much of the Coast Guard's time because they got intercept all that marriage. We need all that wicked weed that's coming into town. Baby. That's right. So let me ask you, what do you like better? Pepper steak or pepper spray? 8 minutes after 11 at 5, 60, WQ and they don't have pepper spray or pepper steak. I don't believe that the pizza lopper, they got all those great Italian favorites and they give you a pair of your duck. Get off your duck. Get off your duck. From on it after 11 at 5, 60, WQ, I'm so anyway. I mean, you know, there's so much in both papers that I wasn't able to absorb all of it this morning. So I'm sitting here reading during the breaks. Talking about mayor penis with his quivering voice being on the 60 70 on Spanish language radio and I was spaghetti and nice. He's describing, he's doing a play by play on the Iraqters and the Coast Guard and what's going on. They're swimming toward the shore. He says they're singing the Cuban National Anthem. The people are outraged. I hope to God they will not deport them our brothers. Now that's not an inflammatory mark. Is it? Is that a little our brothers? This is a guy who's supposed to be the mayor of all of the day. And then the county, the Cubans, the Argentinians, the Puerto Ricans, the blacks, the Crackers, everybody else. I hope they will take God they will not deport them our brothers again. But this is hopeless. Like I said, why do I keep repeating the same thing over and over again? Bade county belongs to the Cubans. Everybody else we moved out. And if you're left there, good luck to you because you'll need it. Only by a miracle, by a luck of coincidence that nobody died on the beach last night who needed the paramedic or an ambulance. The beach where even with the people on South Beach, the median age there is still 110. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Niel. Yes, sir. I was last night in MacArthur, Crossway, I felt that thing. Well, shame on you, sir. Yeah. Shame on you. We'll start with that now, Mr. Roger. Locking off the streets. We've got our picture, right? Did you? Did you have our attention? Did you have a permit to march to demonstrate? Yeah, more nobody's a free country. No, sir. No, it's not a free country to go out there and block traffic. It's a free country to drive on the road. Not a free country to go out and disrupt traffic. If I go out on 441 right now outside here and I lay down on the street, they're going to throw my ass in jail. It's not a free country to disrupt traffic. Listen, we're going to learn the loss of the US. You better put on your Cuban flag. You better get out of an American flag and kiss the ground. You're hearing you have the freedoms you're not living in, some of the animal third world country. I had the American flag in a Cuba flag both. I don't see an American flag in it. I was both innocent because the action they got, the Gulf, the Coast Guard did. Well, let me just give this question, sir. What are those poor people that you tied up in the traffic? What do they have to do with the Coast Guard? Nothing. Thank you. Coast Guard pissed me off, so I'm going to come to your house and pee on your wand. The INS pissed me off. I'm going to come to your house and take a dump on your doorstep. You see what you're dealing with when you got nothing but raw emotion whipped up into a frenzy by politicians and lunatics in the media by irresponsible people in the media. And by the way, NBC, six and all, you're other people. Don't waste your time calling here. We don't play that game anymore on this show. I don't need to be on television anymore, okay? I don't need the honor of being on some horseball, local god-dam TV newscast to give you some footage on here. You can put on for five seconds and make me into some son of a bitch. I don't need it. bunch of horse crap. Every time in the same thing, over and over again. Oh my god. Pandering and pandering and sucking around and sucking around. And just don't have the guts to go on here and tell of truth or at least give both sides of a story. Yeah, we finally did see a couple of poor people out there that were psychotic in their cars that have been stuck there for two and a half and four and five hours. Vending their anger. Only a couple of them in the middle of all this other nonstop coverage of this bull crap of this illegal so-called protest. Civil disobedience is what it is sir. No, you don't have freedom to go out there and block people's uh, uh, row and jeopardize people's wives. Those things are called roads. If you want to demonstrate, go out there and buy the INS building on 79th and Bismain. They're not in the street on the sidewalk in the parking lots. Go ahead, demonstrate there. Wouldn't be the first time. Goes on all the time. But don't disrupt the lives of all these other people. They didn't do anything to you. Maybe some of them like I said, we're even sympathetic with you before. They're not now. They're not better. Some of them probably hate you like poison, now sir. Because you're out there with a total lack of consideration or any kind of stability. One dimensional driven by just one never ending strain and of course this town the media and fled by the hero. Of course, they're at the front of the parade. Bang and bang and bang and bang and away with a same bull crap stay after day after day. Get a frickin' life. That's what I say. Get a goddamn life. If that's all you're living for for crying out loud, jump in the water with those other idiots that were jumping into water and stay down. Okay. Well put some lead weights on your shoes and judge in from this picture on the front of the sun. Send them. Some of you could use some lead weights on your shoe. Not a con. I think the one guy got mixed up there. I think he was like two days later. He thought it was the gay pride parade. He's only two days later. Got his knee on pantalones on. Looks sweet. Here's my knee, beach. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah hi. I have to be a white lawyer. I had a black client in my office this morning. I was like, what's up with this? What he said as a ring of truth. These were protestors of Liberty City or over town. They would've been busted up and broken up in ten minutes. Their ass would all be in jail or ones who wouldn't get out. Tell you the ten minutes he says. Right. And he's a former cop too. Right. So, just crying to talk about. So keep at it and that's it. Thank you. 5.6705.6. The Pond 5.6. The only 18. The wireless line. Viva Grower. Viva Pond Beach. Viva Stewart. What is that? Martin County. What I would have had. I don't care. Like I said, who you know, as long as it's not day we like it. Not too crazy about the Hillsborough. And you people over there listening on a west coast by the way in four miles and Naples and wherever you are. Kiss the ground baby. And maybe old and maybe boring and maybe pretty stuff stale. But kiss the ground. That you're not in Dave County. And like I said, the good people in Dave County. There are some. Maybe someday you'll be lucky enough to move to the United States. Maybe you'll get into a pass of Porto. Haha. How's that? You're one thing. If you live in South Florida and you don't have a passport. Wow. Good luck to you. That's all I say. I kind of mind constantly in the passport once in a while too. I'm squeezing it. Here's South Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'd be for the. And back to you. Happy 30th of Julio. Exactly. I was wondering if these humans are bringing the Cuban flag to the fire to display this weekend with the They were because that was a good. Yeah, that's a good for a big. I just want to say that nobody likes labels but no everyone wants to be calm and American. Dr. Baderby cost something else. They come back with you saying, we're on black. I'm Jewish and the. But if you can't use the right context, forget it. No, but it's always got to be like African American or Cuban American or like I said, But they did that right to say that I tried forcing. Okay Alfred F DUI That's the I say we go,iantes. people are standing online up to eight hours is it all over South Florida to try to beat a driver's license deadline. I wonder if these six guys got their driver's license yet. You think so? Oh yeah. They got it. Visa, Mastercard, American Express. They got them gold card, a lot of platinum. Uh-huh. Good. When I think of all and believe me, I'm not well. I think that the doors of this country should have been closed a long time ago, as long as we got any homeless people in this country, as long as we got people living in stupidity and poverty and starvation. There's no way that we can keep taking on limited numbers of people. So I'm not making a case for the Haitians because they come from horrendous poverty and very, very uneducated for the most part, but here are oppressed people living in far worse conditions than the Cubans could ever possibly dream of. Oh, I don't know. The Cuban so many good baseballs lately. Oh, put it in any rate. And I think of all the different times we've seen, you know, the boats intercepted and the Haitians turn back and you slept off the chrome and all the crap that goes on. Nobody gives a crap about that. And please don't tell me because they're black because there's so many of the Cubans that are coming who are also black, but they're Cuban men. They got a constituency here. The Haitians don't have any constituency. They got iracurs bands. I mean, you know, Porsche love the Vicki lawyer there. And that's about it. And how come we didn't let that Honduran kid stay here? The one that walked the 6,000 miles allegedly to Honduran? Oh, that's right. He's from Honduras. We don't like them, do we? Yeah, but they got good bananas, I understand. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes, sir. Even Neil Rogers. See. Neil, God. Make exactly. You touch other points. You know, insignificant story other than the Haitians. It's time lives on height. Right. And you know, what's again, a cubic community, you know, the isolating themselves, including themselves from society. This is the way to get said, but they let's block 800, it's not thousands of people. That's why people I like this guy who calls got the hospital. Would you respond? I'll listen to all these protesters if they wanted to tell me what they were doing there. And I say to them, what did those people have to do with your grievance, with what the Coast Guard is? Nothing. Oh, gee, how come he's not thinking about it now that I'm saying it here on the air the next day? But he was out there all whipped up into a frenzy last night. He was too emotional to think about the consequences of his abort unacceptable civil disobedience. Well, you told him before, Neil, remember to close it two, three months ago. Nobody cared that there was the anniversary that the planes went down. Right. Because they did the same thing. They secluded themselves inside. You're by blocking out society and nobody's going to care about that. I'm so really correct. And great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, you see, you really thought that was going to get on the air didn't you? I thought that was going to get on the air. You're so clever. You know, some of you young guys out there, you must sit there and figure you got your wiki board out and you got your finger deep inside your back door. You're figuring all these great things in the air. If you say it fast enough, it will get on brilliant. I think you're going to be deported. Okay? This guy, everybody in the audience is saying he's an asshole. Here's Pompano. Hello. He is an asshole. Yes, he is. Yeah, I'm going to talk about it in a year. So don't worry about it. I'm just talking about it. I have to sing all this last night. I'm just going to ask you. First of all, one of the things that really pissed me off with watching a news clip with this Cuban friend that boat in their spraying the coast grump of the solid water of big roots, or tail, and everybody is sharing in the air. Such a disresgar, disregard, or disrespected for the Americans and people that let the men of this country for the law for the long time. This guy's a law that's great. You don't have freedom to break the law, especially when you're interfering with the police or coast guard or whoever it is. You have freedom to agree with that. I mean, I don't really agree on the coast guard using maids, but however they were doing a law on force for an action. And like Sponsorwoman out there in the coast court says, hey, get on the boat. I'm going to get on the boat. I mean, law force and agency. The key thing is these Cubes is creating a rift with this whole thing. Because every time something like this happens, they're out there to demonstrate and they're disrupting traffic dismal air. I think it says, doing them good when actually is going to be bad. But they don't care. You don't know. You don't understand. See, they don't care because they feel that they got the town by the balls, which they basically do. And they got all the politicians who are panicking them and they got the media sucking their ass. And so they don't care whether you're happy or not. They're not interested. Like I said before, oh, well, you know, basically, you say any other people I'd love to do with it. But don't confuse him with that because he wanted to get attention. So he doesn't care how many people he disrupts or how many lives he jeopardizes. He don't care. Yeah, that's true. But I'll tell you that if you would figure that a plane of country and saying, you know, like they all their lives, or they can't wait to get American and get here. And then I'll say, and you know, it's a cub of this and cub of the ad. You know, there's no respect for for the rest of the Americans that open our doors to let them come in. All right, no respect, but no gratitude. And no gratitude as well. I mean, you know, come on. No, so I told that guy, he ought to be out there kissing the ground. Exactly. Exactly. Right. And the, you know, the sad thing is that, you know, all of us that have the same, you know, you, we don't really do anything. So and then all of politicians and stuff, they, I want to put this in my lifetime, but just seems they're all out there and you're on the bandwagon. And you know, as soon as something has some cub of related story, here's the as well art and lay them in and all the rest of them. I just called her off and said, listen, how come you guys are so visible when something like this happens? And then you're not visible for when you know, other, you know, and something's happening. I like, I'm like, I'm having a time warning myself. But you know what you're saying? You're saying, I mean, you know, South Florida also had non-Hispanics, non-cubans living here too. And I said, again, Mayor penis, he's supposed to be the mayor of all of the county and he's talking about, I hope to go, they will not support them our brothers like he's a professional ethnic against just like Dan LeBas didn't hear all the writing about out. It wasn't the Marlins at one of World Series a couple of years ago. It was the Cubans because all of them won the game. Yeah, you just enough to make you vomit. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. You know, this is our country. They're walking to be here. They want, but please respect the rest of us and follow the laws. Well, hold your breath. Have a great thing. You can. Let me say again, it's our country, the keys and then you take out that part in the middle and browards of the north. That's our country. Whatever there is in the middle, good luck to you. It's all yours. 5, 6, 7, that's why we're real close to the broward line here. Real close. I mean, you could throw a rock from here to county line road. You could throw like whatever. And then Mike, blow. And all of these big dog bothers people will be coming to get his suit. Francis Ford, Gaba Goul, he's as good as Gada Ford, starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Oh, they're not such a good idea. Look, we're talking about a crooked cop, the kind of cop that rates books towards. Yeah, well, you just make sure that goes behind the toilet. I don't want to walk it out of there with his dick in his head. But what if there's a glory hole? I'm going to tell you, I tell you, I tell you, you see, just this. What am I going to do? Play for another. Okay. He's two young boys. Boy. They were a part and Chobba tower in Hernandez and dropped for legs off with a job. I want them dead. God, the father. These two boys. When I killed? Yes. Oh, two boys. I'll take care of it. Don't worry. Oh, he's rid of? Ooh, they're having a party. They're putting my favorite dog. Oh, no! Oh, no! He keeps eating their techamic. Did you know they had to use these chains to pull the under the water? Ooh, ah, we'll go, sir. Yes, it's Leonardo DiCaprio. We don't know why. Hey, can you get any worse than Eli Wallace? Can I talk about it? Leonardo DiCaprio or Leonardo DiCaprio? It's still on the 32 at 5.50 WCW. I'm good question by the way for tomorrow. Here's a mobile in Sunnyland. Hello. Yes, sir. I didn't know if you heard about it, but there were also getting ready to start downtown again by the four. But, um, you know, the early this morning when I took off. But, um, the Spanish language stations, including our good mayor, Panoa, was basically just short of saying that thing that's wrong with a Cuban, everything else and everything that's wrong with what's going on with the raptors is the white establishment's fault. The white establishment? What color is mayor penis? Is he a black gelo? Well, it's all the anglo's fault. Uh-huh. So it's basically where responsible now? Okay, thank you so much. Why? Why is this still going on? How, how could this still be going on? And of course, like we said before, you know, you give somebody a little bit of rope, say, okay, well, you made a big scene yesterday and we're going to give you what you want to just keep doing it. Whatever you want, we'll be lucky doing it. We'll keep bending over. Just stick it in there. Back home. Wow. Yes, he mayer penis. He showed us two colors. Now, he's only the mayor of the Cuban part of the dead count. He's not the mayor for the rest of everybody else. Just make sure you understand that. In fact, where's the list of all the answers that were rushing down there yesterday? Send a paper here. A long list of all of these great. Oh, here we are. State County Commissioners, Natasha Mijon, Miguel Diazde, Laportia, Bruno Baradro, Sweetwater Mayor Jose, PPD, as West Miami Mayor Rebecca Sosa, I'm a Commissioner Willie Gortz, State Representative Gustavo Baradro from Miami Beach. They were all there with bills on. Go in. Standing the flames and whipping everybody up into a frenzy. Because if somehow just like Mary Elefidel opens up the floor gates, it wants everybody down here to come in here. We're got a lot of men. Otherwise, you won't be just parked your car. Get a bicycle. Here's coconut grove. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just have a couple of comments. I've been listening all morning. I think your audience for their own emotional reasons is way over reacting to this. Why is that? Well, first of all, you got 1.2 million Cuban eggs out of South Florida. And I think about why you keep using that word Cuban eggs out. What does that mean? Well, what do you want me to use to start? How about Cubans? How about Cubans? 1.2 million Cubans. Yeah. 800 of these, which is less to half a percentage point without protest. No, that's not correct. No, that is not true. There were a thousand on the MacArthur. There were another several hundred, I think, 500 on the Adjuda Tuttle. There were a hundred, I 900 on the, uh, pop-up metal. You can add all that up and it's still won't even hit one percentage point of the Cuban population. It doesn't make any difference. It doesn't make any difference for what percentage it equates to. The fact is that these are the visible people, that these are living and breathing people in their 20s and 30s and some younger than that. And what the hell is all about? And you know, something if somebody would have died last night because the emergency vehicles couldn't get you, it wouldn't have made any difference. How percentage it was? I hear your comments that this doesn't happen in other cities for insignificant total. Yeah. But do you know what? Every time a football team for a city wins a national championship, that's what they do a lot. It goes on cars. It goes on cars. It goes away. So we're supposed to celebrate that. We're not supposed to celebrate that. But you make in comments and your audits and they can comment. It's the only happens in Dave County. It has an older idea. I didn't say that. I said it does happen in other places and usually for real reasons. Usually for real, yes. Well, because because of a drunken fans riot in the streets after the Cuban DeBalgame in Chicago or Milwaukee, where we're going to held it is, uh, you know, nobody can don't say that. But we're not living in those places. We're living here. Well, yeah. But okay. You had some people calling up saying that it doesn't happen. Sir, let me say it again. We're living here. I understand that and I live here. And the fact that people behave in an aberrant unacceptable way any place sells doesn't mean that any person is right mind wants to live in the middle of that here. Absolutely. But it's not just the Cuban thing that happens here in Dave County and it doesn't happen anywhere in the US. And you've got in callers that are overreacted. We had it, you know, within the, when we've had it, this is a third time already this year that, you know, the, the guy with a little boat and the anniversary of the planes being shot down. Every time something happens that doesn't meet the Cuban communities, uh, the manager desires right away. They're out there with a total of three. I agree. So what did you point? What is your point? Are we supposed to just sit down and sit back and let people roll over or say, no, any time you're pissed off? Well, just sit back and let you do whatever you want. I just think your audience is overreacting. Not keeping things in its proper perspective. I don't promise that Cuban should be shot, Cuban. Well, we're looking at anybody say Cuban should be shot. I heard that. That was because you want to hold. I dumped that. That didn't get on the air, sir. Okay. We're got on the air now. It's really not. No, it didn't get it. Got on the air. Because you said it. That's why I got on your asshole. It got on the air now. That was a punk being a wise ass. Okay. Think any could stick out on the air to stir up a bunch of crap. And you're too stupid to understand that. God, what a moron. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. That guy wasn't asshole. That last call but I want to get off what I was using. Yeah. I mean, the problem with it is there's 1.2 million Cubans. It's 1.1 too many. And what's going to happen is Neil. A love-brow accounting and a living-brow accounting. Yeah. Long live the dog Castro. Because the day he dies. Okay. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T, where are the slime? I want to talk to rational people that are okay. Not the people talking crap. Are there any rational people left? No. No. See who we're out the more on mine. Yes. Police, cadmata. Police, cadmata. Police, cadmata. Police, cadmata. Police, cadmata. But that's all right. We see. Just it was brainwashed. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. Well, you're god. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. But that's all right. Oh, I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm a 403. It's 5.60WQ. Everybody just calm down. Okay. I'm trying. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. That sounds like you. Yeah, I don't hear anybody making the point. I think Castro is probably sitting back really proud of him. Right about now. Yeah. They're all behaving like little tipped haters. Right. Do you think yes? Just like he was sitting back last night. That is when he did the Merry All Bolipi was rubbing his hands together. What is biggest cigar in his post laughing up his dorm. Made tools out of the whole country and the people of course. And this was the same thing. Same thing on a much larger scale of course. And the politicians, including Governor Bob that good the Democrat, good cracker, Governor Bob. He was on there. Oh, yeah. Everybody get your boats going down there. Governor Bob went down to meet them on a shore. The courageous freedom float Tila. And the fact that we had 25,000 murderers and mental defectives and rapists and the worst scum that cashier like scraping the scum off the top of that chicken soup and a refrigerator. Don't be confused with that. I mean, if that's the price that you have to pay in a thousand of the people after die and get uprooted from their homes as a result, top crack man because this is our place now. See, I would much rather read. I would more respect somebody like they got a call before that asshole I was protesting on the last night jeopardizing people's lives. See, sir, I hate to break the news to you. Those things that you're standing on they're called roads. They're called highways. They're for cars and trucks and ambulances and police cars and bicycle and for people to get from point A to point B and sometimes for a serious reason. I know that a little confusing to you with your banana boat mentality. But I would respect it you more if you did just what a call didn't said, we all in this joint now. You're out. That's because at least that's his real opinion. That's the honest attitude. I don't live in Britain in the day county. I've worked in date, but just barely over just like a toll over the line. And I don't want to live in day county. If somebody gave me a half a million dollar condom, then you want to beat them off. I wouldn't go there. I wouldn't live there. I'd sell it. Who the hell wants to live in the midst of this kind of chaos? I don't think God, the traffic down here is already such a picnic. Without having a bunch of assholes laying down and blocking off the streets. So that people who are stressed out normally just trying to get from point A to point B. Don't have to put up with the Aberron kind of crap they did for four and five hours last night. Oh, you're a freedom. What do you know about freedom? You asshole, what could you possibly know about freedom? Absolutely positively nothing. What you want to do is impose the same kind of censorship and repression that Votesque gave you and Castro is giving to the people there now. That's what you want to do here. You don't want to come here and be grateful and thank the God damn people and kiss the ground and wave the American flag. You want to come here and make your own little banana republic and who she cooching for everybody's face on the God damn causeway. And that's why people can't stand as people are puking their up chucking over this crap because this is why I think one time too many. One time too many. The year is just barely half over today. Today's the halfway point of this year. And this is how many this is what? 4,500 times already this year. We had to go through this crap. 6,200 times. 57,000 times already this year. Not that I would ever exaggerate. The poor bastards in Dave County have to put up with this kind of bull crap. Just like that bull crap I tried to go to the arena of night they had to go to the arena of night. And I was like, I'm a soccer game there. Would you make in Brazil? I wasn't bad enough. Wave in their flag. You know, great. I'm real happy for you. Here from Brazil. Great. Here from Jamaica. By the way, got some good stuff. Well, if you're from Jamaica, you've got to good stuff. Yeah, I'm a Brazil. I just wanted to drag queen. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Thank you for bringing up this issue. Bringing up this issue. This is a public safety issue. And I would like to invite the governor of our state to step in and do something Oh, yeah, hold your breath, pal. Hold your local government can't send a do anything. Governor of the state is too busy. Customers right at Clearers wife's bad name. Okay. He don't have time to mess around with stuff like this. Invite the governor. Another fascist pig. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Why are we talking about that? The fat board is brought in again. Something about the NHL on ESP and everything. Not now. Let me ask you something. Seriously. Do you think today I'm going to be talking about please? Tell us. What? Why do I care that? Why do I give it to Hank? That'll give another chance to knock hockey. Okay. Give it to him. On a day when this is going on. You see what I'm saying about this place? We've got some people. All they know is the ball game mentality. The locker room mentality. I don't care about the ratings of the goddamn women's rules. I don't care about anything. Have you been to the sports today? Okay. This is a little bit more important to me. It has to do with your life. Of course, some people like fat board. They don't have a life. We're doing quite well. Okay. Today without any of these asses, as in big fat asses, and so on. Go out and sell some spots. Man. It's astonishing to me. It's amazing to me that no matter what's going on here, that they still, these nerds still have got the time in the day. Well, you know, what do you think about the treatings? Well, come on. I mean, Jesus Christ. Has it ever stopped? Does everything else ever penetrate your brain? No. No. Maybe we can have 10 sports stations in this town in support. What do you think? Oh, yeah. Let's do it. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Yes. Yes, man. I'm just calling regarding a caller that mentioned that this was your land, peace land. Well, I would like to for him to know that this land belongs to the Indians. He has to be forgot that he arrived here just like everybody else. Yeah. No, no, no, no, man, everybody else didn't come up on shore like that. Not that's not how everybody else is. No, I understand that, but somehow they got here correct. The ancestors, I'm sure came here legally. Correct. But they did got here from immigrants, correct? Uh-huh. Okay. I believe that later, other people from other cultures have arrived, just because they're not so much. They're not so blonde and they don't have so many blue eyes. Yeah. They're just not a blue eye. They're not blind and don't have a eye. Oh, I understand. That's precisely what I'm saying. Yeah. That precisely because they're not like that. How come nobody makes a fuss when they get sent back? Well, I don't know about them because that's another. Some other people in the world. What do you mean them? What do you mean that's a what does that mean? I don't know if my point across. I'm listening. Thank you. But you didn't respond to my question. I always apologize to the few minutes. Anyhow. So now we have a problem because they say they're Asians or blacks or he's panic or something else other than blue blonde eye. Well, let me tell you in everybody else this about the high fend. You have to understand that it was part to us to use it. Now, sometimes we'll talk to you that. Sam, Americans and Los. And Los. Yes, yes. Precisely Anglo. And we're not black Americans, the Anglo-Skitt. Because of the racism. And then they say yes. Precisely. We're one of the most. Well, let me ask you something. If there's so much racism here, what are you doing here? No. Precisely because I would like to change it. If you're so, no, no, no. If you're so oppressed, what do you do? We've got that opportunity. Everybody wants to know more where you can be free. Look, you're like you. Are you not around? People like me are not around for what? Exactly. For being prejudiced? Yeah. I'm pretty sure that you're against what? Against dumb people? You don't know, sir. Precisely. You don't even know what the degree I have. You're something man. I'll tell you what. I'm not saying you're a degree for anybody. I don't care if you've got 50 degrees. You're still an asshole. Okay, lady. I don't know what degree you've got. 50. If it. Okay. You're an idiot. And what is any of what you're talking about? What is any of what you're talking about? What is any of what you have to do with civil disobedience and the Structing the entire community? Because we have a bunch of people who make foreign policy and make the laws in this country. They make them up as they go along. What does that have to do with who came in on what but anabote? And guess what? The Chinese people and the Vietnamese people and all these other people. The Russian people and the Polish people and everybody else's ancestors. They didn't swim up on the shore. Now Columbus, maybe he hadn't excused. He was working for the Queen, okay? Give me a fricking break. What about all those people who are waiting on the ground? Not that they're knocking down the doors from a lot of those European countries because they got a pretty good. In fact, I don't want to go into it. But how about the people from Ireland and the people from Denmark and the people from wherever they are all these countries all over the world? Who are waiting on lists to legally come in. They have a quota for those people and they're waiting on a list for their opportunity. Some of them have been waiting for years. And they're waiting to legally enter the United States. That's the way it works. Not to swim up on the shore. That's not the way it's supposed to work. This whole business is swimming up in shore. In fact, it's unfortunate that all people who try to swim up the shore aren't intercepted by the coast guard way before they get close to land. So we don't have to have these arguments like we did yesterday. Oh, they're just a few hundred yards. Can't you let them swim like Elliot Rodriguez in Channel 4? You're an imbicil Elliott. You're an idiot. You're embarrassing. You're humiliating. I'm embarrassed for you. You're a performance yesterday was despicable. I'm sorry that I say despicable. It was despicable. Underlie one syllable there. God are you a jackass. Oh, your racist is kidding you. They came in here legally, okay? To Ellis Island. Then all these comparisons. What does that have to do with an excuse? It's an excuse for what are acceptable behavior. There's no debate here. There's nothing to debate. You've got to grievance you take into the right people. You don't disrupt all the other people. You're show a little bit of gracefulness. I'm like this bitch here. I want to impress me with you. You don't know how many degrees I got. How about 98 degrees? Okay, I'd rather look at them than you bitch. Jeff and Nick. Now you're talking 98 degrees. Hard to sing. You'll ever see sweetheart. Anyway. I'm gagging on it. Just talking to some of these idiots. I mean, this is like a throwback. And you know, there's no progress. Here we are. 19 years after Mary. I wouldn't make it any progress. No. They're a little tired crap. Your beat is over to head with the same old song you get. You tell people, come on, be my cook. We're tired of it. We're sick of it. It's coming out of our way. Yeah. Every poor of our body. If you're so whipped up into a friend you bought a go on down there. Okay, don't call out in the Everglades and shoot yourselves in the feet. Get on a goddamn plane. Go on down there. Gaggy. You know, give one of those bad cigars with a thing and it's something and then move on. Then you'll get his brother in there and see what a pile. You know, what a picnic he was. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I just wanted to thank you for one thing. That lady that called the thing as a Cuban live at Jewish Boden. At least you were mad enough to say I also United States and Canada didn't. Right. You should be commended for that. I mean, it's history. Anybody knows that the same Louis was turned back and all those people went back to Europe. And most of them, the overwhelming majority of them were banging the concentration camps. But I think it's good that you do that because a lot of the media, especially Channel 7 likes to put the Jews against the Cuban Gold Time. Yeah. And at least you don't fall into that. Oh, I got it. Listen, I don't. I'm not any happier about the professional Jews who are always screaming about Israel than the Professional Cubans that are so whipped up about Cuba. I don't give a raps answer about Israel or Cuba. How do you like that? Not okay. A one thing. I love New Diamond Song coming to America. And that was a Jewish road. Alright, okay. Yeah, that was. That was. That road. All right. What do you say coming in America? Squared Squared. And he likes that. 567. 560. I keep looking at that picture on the front page of the sunset and like he thinks it's that it's going. I keep thinking that keeps coming to my mind over and over and over. Why don't keep thinking that, you know? Maybe it's those neon pants. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this? Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Pronto. Yeah, my name sounds like you. Well, let me say it one more time, sir. You're on the air. You want to speak your piece or should we move along to somebody that can do it? Yeah, I was calling to make some comments about what Neil said about what you're talking about. What you're talking about, Neil sir. You're talking to him. This is me. This is I. Okay. Well, I was calling to say comments about what you said about the people in West Palm Beach and Naples, all they should kiss the ground with their walk on and kiss the ground where they live. What are you doing here? You're going to be a big county's unless in the politicians or anything. Right. It's a bothersome. What are you doing here? I don't live in big county's. So I live in Brown. What are you doing here? You'll reap a benefit up your chest. Thanks for your vulgarity. She's right. That's right. Make a me a crap load of money. But don't be frustrated out. Yeah. I've been buying too many dinners. I've been a little bit short. Well, the money too. It's, uh, I love him 50. 65. 60. WC. I want to move out of this county. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, right. I'm queer. If I had mentioned, I'm a back who likes to involve. I'm here because I'm just bitch on. It's not the back cut off. Are you ready to do the charges it's alive? Just don't bother me. You can still hear me die. And like a sort of this crowd of... In the side of high, high, high, low, low, high. High, high, high, high, low, low. 70. 70. 70. 70. 60. Welcome. Anosus, you're okay. I've got an older son, you're a father. I've got an older son, you're a father. I've got an older son, you're a father. I've got an older son. I've found, to do a stick, Children. I like to do where a trick. I've heard these facts over Starrers's$22. I've found $400zer wore she kept before. I've got all the  but we Garfields.' We got a medicine because of the gold. I'm not a striker, I'm a little bit so bad. Yeah, Ricky's been it over. It's nothing new, I guess. So 12.3560 W2M today is it. I'm losing track of everything here today. Wednesday, Hank will be a tool as that means talking baseball with Donny Brenner. Got some big numbers in the, you know, that trend came out by the way. We were kind of like flat didn't go anywhere. Mornings will wind up a little bit with some bogus diaries. And there in fact, they're like the listenership went way up. The longest length of listenership they've ever had in the morning show on this station, which means zeroes this full of crap. Well, I bet mid-Juma made him come back from vacation after being so wrong. How could you do that? How could you brow beat poor bluff when you get the longest life of listenership because you got a bunch of wired diaries in that last trend? How Joe? But anyway, here's a biscuit park, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Bravo to you for saying I was w bring up a lot of good points. And I can't believe that they didn't send the national guard in to do something about this. They really should have. Yeah. And then now by following this. Does anybody by the way have any idea of just how grotesque and ugly this could have gotten? I mean, there were some fist fights and there were some crap going on. And Ronald Martinez was beating the crap out of some people. But does anybody stop to think of just how ugly this could have gotten when people are sitting there. It's 110 degrees in the shade even though it's at night. And people are like losing their minds because they're sitting there for 4 and 5 hours because a bunch of people are pissed off. Oh, it definitely could have been worse than it was. This has got to stop. But also by the time. And how come with all the number of times this has happened in this town? We don't have any contingency plans for dealing with these kinds of things. Yeah. By them bowing to the Cubans, what kind of keep the Haitians from starting these little impromptu protests? Common sense. And could I mention one more thing, Neil? Yes, you're unrelated. You know, you're always talking about O.J. And all Brian Blades shot his cousin. I know he didn't mean to do it. How do you know what? Yeah. So I'm with the gun. If that was me, I'd be doing some time. I mean, I know. But you can't run fact and jump high. So forget it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6 day. And we don't have to do Rosenhausmick and excuses for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. By the way, we apologize for the station yesterday. We had a phone that was screwed up for like 2 and a half hours and sitting here pretending to do a radio show. And Reg Reckon in here this morning at 5. But he was busy with bankers in the Beasley yesterday. You know, how can I try and it? We don't care about that, Reg. Just give us some goddamn stuff that works in here. Okay. And by the way, you notice he hasn't brought in those pictures of him as the young person. What he allegedly had to blonde here because he hasn't been able to doctor the photos up to make it believable yet. Yeah. He's got a nice family. It's just we're wondering who the father is. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Neil. Yes, sir. You know what's going to keep the Haitians from doing what they did last night? Yeah. This guy wanted to know. The police. That's exactly right. That's right. Because there won't be any politicians on there because they're on oh, he's not. They have no constituents. That's right. What are we going to do now that we know there's no government in my amy. That's going to help stop this. Yeah. Okay. How do we protect ourselves? Protect ourselves from what? Maybe from how about me. I said this about 15 years ago. How about building a wall at the date. Broward line. We can say, hey, you know what? The Berlin wall. Right. Right. We're playing around the ground. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he's in the mess. The bedroom. Trying on that laundry. She's smoking. He looks like he looks good in it too. Yeah. Well, I hear. Okay. Thank you, sir. Yeah. Well, hey. Why do you think they call him? Bush 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Don't start with that. Chote a crack today. Will you please just give me one day really from here in that crack? Here where we go next. Let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. This is a long, long time when I saw that hole. It's a decent. A very swollen hole. Leave a very swollen hole. I tell you. I know the caracas. Oh, I know. I heard you when you were here. Yeah. Yeah. People who are present last more time, yes. In Venezuela. I know, you have a really nice experience. I was listening to you when that happened. I tell you, in the room, this July the 22nd 1986. Oh, my God. Where? Where? Where? The days are considered. We don't. Yeah, I've got the way to the place. I'm going down that thing. I left up to you about five years ago. I went to a pretty much support to you. My video only. Lonely and Spanish according to support you. Well, I said, well, wait a minute. Like I said before, the Cuban show you an apology because it's not a Hispanic thing. These weren't Hispanics that were there last night. These were Cubans. Not Venezuela. Not Colombia. It's not Puerto Rican. It's not Argentinian. It's not Mexican. Not Honduran. Except for that one kid that got lost in the middle of it. I think. Well, you see, we're having a Miami. I used to listen to a daily county on the 1990s. Can you move down? I can. You see, I'm a race of democrat. I just say, communist, you're a communist. If I have a 25 cent, every time we call a communist, I want to use the daily county. You got it by the county, yeah. I know. I think you get so frustrated. Yeah, if you look at your Miami, you're a capital for breakfast. We're a capital for the real capital. You get up to your ear. If you're a capital, so bad, well, then they can eliminate you. I can't solution with the field of capital company. What about the Internet that? And a website, 50 million dollars, you see, I've got to. I'd show that if you got to, we'll be around in six months. But if you got to go, well, they're right. Domaskar, see you for stay. And the only ones we're going to do. Yeah, maybe we can bring back Jorge Mascano, so one most time. Or you want to hear this? I'm in closing, yes. Get to the getting hysterical, yes. Get push call last night to market authority in support of what happened. He called who? Mark the authority. One of the right wins. Oh, right. Get going Bucito. Yeah, okay. Bucito looking like you're not going to call him Son of Bucito. Have a great day, I'm the great. Okay. Oh, yeah. You should have left that clean. That was a great drop. Okay, sorry. Now you can still, uh, get it in there. You can still stick it in there. Anyway, it's time for this pass. No, it's five 60 WQM and a ton that refuses to learn that refuses to change, refuses to grow emotional cripples. Babies. We're not getting that way, man. Oh. Well, you know something just happened to give all the people on vacation right now. God, how lucky they are. We're reading about this and their newspapers in Vegas and wherever the hell they might be hanging out. You want to say today somewhere like maybe in the 15th page of my be a little burger button there. And there's somewhere else saying, oh, thank God that we're knocked down there now and right now. Thank God. We didn't have to be put up with this crap. Or fact, radio tell you to add. There's a lot of odd and interesting fetishes out there. And then sometimes paining just so they can lick my feet. Men sometimes paining just so they can lick my feet. But unfortunately, there's not a lot of places where people can go to experience their fetishes first hand, which is why we finally created America's most long awaited theme park, fetish land. Check out Batman and vlog and be a traction to the S&M crowd. Guess Batman, I have another. And the Tower of Pleasure. Man, I thought getting dressed up in rubberwood. And of course, yellow splash melts. Um, fetish land. No matter what you're into, you can get into it here. All video cameras in the park are posted for security purposes only. Check out Betterland TV coming soon. 14 at 5.50 WQM. How about a little piece, huh? I mean, piece and quiet is what I'm talking about. That's what we need in this town is a little piece. And that's illegal. Everything's illegal here. Unless the cops are getting it. And by the way, wasn't it convenient that all the stuff got stirred up? I think the police have reason that they didn't know anything. And then this is all go on. It's because, uh, well, it diverts attention from that poor ring down to a candle. And by the way, guess who's quoted in here? And violences were unable to cross the causeways, Pyramidics walked through the crowd, but my need for police spokesman Al Boza said riot police would not be dispatched. Right now the best decision is to enable them to demonstrate he said. Wow, sure takes a lot of the spotlight off that grotesque story about not only my me, Beach Police, that's a priest guy, but all these other cops that were horned at 4 or 16 year old grilled on a red candle. And bangin' and bangin' and bangin' and clangin' and got to know us how many of more like, uh, scored score in on the coming attractions. Huh, what a diverging, huh? A nice job. Here's a work like a term, plantation, hello. Hey, is that you, Neil? That's me, I'm sorry, just disconnected. Sorry about my finger, yes sir. Oh, am I connected? You're connected. Great. Listen, I'm a long time listener, first time collar. When you work in Lillard, you're making it easy to get hooked up. And I had to wait. I was in that traffic yesterday. Oh, no. Yeah, I had to go to Miami Beach, I was in there for about an hour and a half. Now, are you distressed? Uh, you know, I wasn't through to stress, but leave it or not. Yeah, I could tell you the truth, kind of see the point. And I actually have been listening to your show up. You can see what point? I could see the point they were making. Black and traffic. What is that? Well, the day after the power. Is that the point that they have the power to block traffic? The day after the power appeared in Miami-Dade. Yeah. But anyway, my point was the reason why I probably did that. You sure got a model. You must have some really good weed or you got a better temperament than the rest of us. I'll tell you today. Oh, my bottom of the head. And there for an hour and a half, I would have been spitting blood. Well, you know, cotton, listening to the show. And the real reason I called in was hearing that you say that a thousand of people could have died there on the cosplay. No, I didn't say, don't put words in my mouth. I said, people could have died because of the fact that they couldn't get the rescue. The ambulances and paramedics to them because they had both the only two cosplays that are operating. Both block down. You know, but they have two hospitals right there on the beach. Yeah. They could have flown in. Oh, they could have supposed somebody would have gotten injured or somebody would have had a heart attack stuck in the traffic. Yeah, I'm on a duty to tell all of them a car. How do you get them out of sign-eye? They're flying in on the helicopter. And where does the helicopter land? The water? Right there on the freeway. Right there on the freeway where all the people, like I'm somebody's hood on the hood of a car? Yeah, I think I think you know. Okay, thank you, sir. I mean, you know something. That's here. There is a guy. This guy was he was tied off a traffic for an hour and a half. All right. This is great. Next time anybody out there is pissed off. We're going to give you this guy's home address and phone number. You can go to his job. You can go to his house. You can pee on his lawn. You can take a dump on his kids head. Whatever you want. He doesn't bother him. He'll rationalize it away to anything. There was nobody in jeopardy with the hell. Yeah, get the helicopter out there. Can land right on the roof of view cars. Maybe you land on somebody's flatbed right out there and do the trouble. Make the news on Channel 7. Over and over and over again. I still keep thinking about old, old, grisseled human with the water all over. He's not cool, but they're not cool. You know something sure you are what is terribly wrong with this town. You are just a think of you. And I think of everything that possibly could be wrong with this community. You represented everything evil, everything roadtask, everything disgusting, everything that the rest of us despise like poison. But Nina Kuma. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I have a couple of questions. Go ahead ahead. First informant. Who would have been legally responsible if God forbid somebody something happened to them medically and they died out there? Well, what do you mean who would have been legally responsible? Nobody. I mean crap happens. And somebody would have had a guilt trip and nobody would have accepted it. They said two bad crap happens. Nobody would have legally paid. Even though the mayor, even though the mayor and everybody's running down there helping along like this. Right. Then that's not just helping along with it. They're the ones who whipped it up in the first place. I was doing a play by play on a radio. Right. Another question. Is there any document in case? Is this just so I can figure out the mentality of the other two sides out there? Okay. The Cubans are always protesting because like you said things don't go their way. But things do go their way. That's the sad part. Is that things 90% of the time they do go their way. And they're still pissed off. There is any other group that gets the special treatment that Cubans get in as far as immigration is concerned. Right. Then you have the incident that happened with the African who's the black that happened and LA, they had some riots out there. Front day houses down toward the places up. Yeah. And then down here in Miami they did it with the Luzano trial because the white cop which was actually Hispanic cop shot a black man. Yeah. But where did any of the Americans or anything like that? A lot of the stuffy trial. Yeah. When they got their heads of kids with coke bottles. Yeah. And then we attack fair times. This is an average behavior. It's unacceptable. There's no need to rehash history and bring back every average grotesque thing that happened. And the fact is that when people take out their anger and vengeance like animals like sick animals on poor people who just happen to be in a wrong place at the wrong time, no civilized person will rationalize it away. We'll try to justify it. We'll try to excuse it. No person with a brain larger than a ball bearing will say, well, you know, this is just the way it goes. If it's not the way it goes, if you want to live in a civilized place. And of course, when did Dave County ever fall into that category of being a civilized place, especially after 1980? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, you don't. Okay. Yes, sir. Sounds like me. Hey, how you doing? Listen. I'm Cuban American. I was born here last year and I agree with everything that you're saying. Right. I was totally upset with the demonstration that they do. And I think it's one amount of proportion. You know what we need. We need to somehow, so wait, get the American population or America's period. To lift you, got them in bargals. That would take care of all of the boss having to maintain. What do you mean to lift the abargo? That's the last thing that your people want. They don't want to the bargo lift it. On the one hand, they're blaming Clinton for the policy out there over the coast, guys. But on the other hand, if he ever tried to lift the abargo, they never never sprayed them. Well, you want to know something. I think they should they should. I always really ask you what the problem is. You're just like candidates as you're a bunch of crazy people. What's wrong with you? I agree. I think so too. I like I said it. I'm Cuban, but I'll tell you what. If they take the damn embargo, every damn refugee, whatever you want to call them, they'll send them right back just like, patients, just like all those people who try to come to this company. And then what do you think would happen here then? But how would it? We can deal with it then? We can deal with it. How do we deal with it? We couldn't deal with six guys that watched up on Shore last night and you're talking about that. Well, back unfortunately, we can't deal with it because of the damn politicians we have enough. They're all cute. Well, they own the county. They have the lock stock and barrel. They've got a lot of money. And I'm saying we because. Okay, so we don't give a scrap is what he said. That was the end of that conversation. Thank you so much. This is America. You can't say crap. You can still take one if it smells good. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Plus it was, you know, his intentions, I guess were, I don't know what they were. It was just ridiculous. Not going to happen, sir. I mean, if they made that much of a stick over and of course, I forgot all about the, you know, how did I forget about that speaking of that administration? About that baseball game. Oh my god. Oh my god. The Orioles. Why me? They're playing baseball. But those Cubans with those companies says, come on, he's best. Okay, that Leigh-Bon was pitching last night. Not another Marlon lost. Oh, Jesus. God. But anyway, that's okay. Because now he's one of our illegal aliens. I mean, he's one of Joe Cuba, I see. Whatever the hell he belongs to. Like, Cadano L'Bastard said, we won the series. Not the Marlon's, not the city of Miami, not the South Florida. The Cubans, we won the World Series. Then you're an idiot, man. You're a L'Bastard. Here's the Seabring, hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. All right. Did that guy from Venezuela? He said that the governor's won. Yeah, okay. Sorry, my Spanish. Venezuela. You know, a rock is. Okay. Caracas. Come on, you can look at the rock. Caracas. Good night. You got a work on it. I'm sorry. Did guy, he said that the governor called the Spanish radio station down there. Right. You know, that was a good thing that they were doing. That's what he said. Oh my god. Some right wing, scumbag, her show. I've been listening to you for a long time. And I think, uh, like that little thing you did at the diplomat mall. Yeah. You should go down there and pass out. You know, I'm there and pass out. If you ever checked it out, I'm a little rough. It looks like most of the people in the diplomat mall already passed out. Like about 50 years ago. That's a little worse. I think it would be great. Okay. All right. Thanks a good news. You first five, six, seven. And maybe we can get Patrick Raptor to come in. Five seas pretty early. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. On a mobile one line. And by the way, you know, but I think somebody was asking me yesterday about good looking athletes. I was thinking about this yesterday, long and hard. I mean, the fact that Chris Ever got divorced from John Lloyd, and I'm maybe he dumped her. You know who John Lloyd is? Dennis player. You either want to know well, that's a few years ago. I mean, Chris Ever, I don't know any of them know. Pasty in. And I know, but I'm just saying the name. I mean, even if you try to avoid it, you can't avoid the names. I mean, Chris Ever, you know, they want to know her. Believe me. But I mean, pasty, not ever for even once you was young. Did you ever look good like? Oh, maybe in the crib she looked, but I doubt it. But she was married to a guy named John Lloyd, who I got news for her. There are a few men or women in the world that would kick his ass out of the tower. But anyway, Chris could like to just weed out because looks aren't everything. That's what I always say. But here's Miami, hello. Miami. When is this? Pronto. Oh, ah. Up your ass with a piece of glass. Oh, and how they got it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Are you done? Okay. Is it real? Sounds like me. Okay. I like to make a real good thing to say here is that. Do you mean a good thing to say? The Cuba's here. They did wrong. Yeah, they told you wrong. Yeah, I'm a black American here. Yes, sir. I think they were out of line. Okay. Because the law is the law. Right. And that's point blank. And they should know what they did yesterday. So by doing that on television yesterday, prove to everybody in Miami, they could do what they want when they want. Right. And how do you want? I think that was the intent. I mean, so that's telling the rest of the people that live in Miami, they did. Take it up there. But. Right. That's dead wrong. So, you know, I don't understand it. I'll see you in Broward. All right. Okay. Not too soon though. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Just like I said, everybody, this is the problem with the world. I mean, I'm the one to tell you because I'm the one who makes all the comments. And oh, by the way, somebody yesterday called a Hank, it was talking about somebody on another show of being the commissioner of common sense. Something I would have a heavy British accent and I went to myself. Oh, God, I guess this guy doesn't know Rick. How come Rick and says we're out sick today? I was a channel surfing all over the dials to see what people were saying about this. And wouldn't you know that Rick would call and sick on a day like this. Sick rhymes with. We ask you, Rick, I need to help dad with it. And if you want proof of that, well, let's take that. Next call and he can tell us about it. Here's my any hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I got I ended up taping Channel 4. They're talking about your show, Elliot Rodriguez of course. Oh, I tell you, it Rodriguez. You want to hear it? I don't know. No, no, wait a minute. And you were getting calls. Now you're telling us that there were broadcasting portions of this show on a year. Yes. Which is illegal? Would you like to hear it? Sure. Okay, here we go. The country and the rights to be processed in this country. And that subject to treatment we saw yesterday. And it was the focus that followed shutting down the MacArthur Cosway and later the commentator that was the hotcut from a suit on. You were speaking right yesterday. This is a part of the robber's show. This was such a minor story. And even then we had people blocking street. And they were talking about a massive block here off the street. If they don't get their way. I mean, this is like a bunch of little children in a sandbox if we don't get our way. We're going to rally our spoon on the. And we make that give, said no, we see what else. That was awesome, come on, fasten the sofa and order one and hand make hand telecom. If there's anything else we we are there. Can we hand it up with a brace? Give him a right pick. Get some help, Bosse. Alright, man. Kenny survived. O that's unbelievable. You got it. Sorry guys. Okay okay, thank. Okay Nick. What's up. Yeah. Where the smoke is it? And you got this Elliott Rodriguez who yesterday was hyperventilating. I thought he was going to pee all over himself while he was trying to give the instructions to the poor coaster I got who was just trying to enforce the law But now now the FCC see this is the thing about this this town. I told you this isn't a place in America This is a banana republic. We don't have no FCC We don't have anything there we broadcast things stuff from this show that anybody here given permission No, in fact I even went under my way to make a comment We're not playing these games with the television stations anymore that they can come in here Takes stuff out of context and put it on the air to portray this is whatever they want to portray it We didn't talk to anybody from Channel 4 channel 6 called and we said channel 4 didn't even bother calling us They just decided they're going to go ahead and put it on the air Against the law guys Against FCC law Not pissed off and fired up, okay? You people are channel 4 a lot of ticks They're taking stuff off the radio and when we broadcasting it on the air on their station whoever heard us such a thing And it and again as television is most famous for taking little snippets out of context and put whatever what they want on there Not that there was anything wrong with that, but it will look different as a make In addition, which I could have done a hell of a lot better than that We're a lot better segments on this show to the net piece of theory Just just unreal in other words if you say it is like the thing with the woman if you say no, I mean yes, and if you say yes You mean yes, but even if you say no, I mean yes Channel 4 E you'll antichristo as The Pope says I'll never watch channel 4 news again. I'd already made my mind up on that yesterday if you see me later on regus You know where I'm going now. I don't know where to go I won't watch six any station at Tony cigarette cigarette. I was not I will not watch that news I mean what I'll be spectated a little dog. I will not watch Tony cigarette I mean and could anybody take him seriously? Oh, I'll silly goose pretending to be a news guy 10 I have a watch 10 in years. I mean, you know since Anne cropped and lie in for like 20 years before she croaked I wouldn't watch channel 10 news So what do you got left you got channel 7 well I start watching channel 7 news? Oh, oh I might but I just wanted to know. Okay. I'm not gonna do it. I might I'm all admit it And it's just that maybe some of the people on the other stations are gonna start looking like we're saying Chants maybe they're just gonna start squatting a lot So I'm not really watching channel 7. I'm just watching people squatting because when it comes to pandering They take a second seat to nobody Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello Hello, me. Yes, sir. Yeah, just a comment. You know, I disagree with these guys Standing in a street block and traffic But there's a lot of humans in my area. Okay millions and these this was a group of two or 300 people Yeah, no, no, the very Yeah, the number keeps dwindling by the minute it wasn't two or 300 people It was a thousand people in one location. It was nine hundred and another 500 one Otherwise there are about four or five different locations. It was at least 3,000 people That that is still a very small percentage Well, let me ask you this where are the rest of mine is Cuban population to be talking about this today and say and apologize to all the people that got stuck in traffic And apologize to the community I've been on here for two and a half hours How many were there? Yes, I'll tell you where they're on most of them are at work or busy with their lives because Because most Cubans understand You just can open the doors and let all the immigrants that want to come here come here You know, we understand that and Well, I'll apologize to you for all the trouble that they caused over there on the expressway Okay, but that's a small percentage of people on the rest of us Agreed with what you say now I think you got to understand it when the mayor and all these other politicians and all the people in the media Are they're whipping this up into a frenzy? I'm just like just like the peace they played on channel for this was not a major story This was a very little teeny tiny story This wasn't a boatload of a hundred people or something like that or 20 people drowned at sea I agree with you on that you know, I think what the problem was mean that It got people all riled up to see them out there with the hoses whole month Because that's really that's the kind of thing that you do to when a dog comes into your yard and you want to get them out You hold them down and make them in a shoe weight, right? That's the problem is that the mayor should have been hose down Yeah, you know, they they should have gone out there and has a little more voice of reason rather than got people all riled up The problem is this law about if you can make it to the shore you get the space we think that's like that's like playing baseball If you steal second base you get to stay on second right now They should change that whether you're caught on the water or on the beach you go back You leave everybody everybody Everybody either goes back or you let everybody stay right not this and between thing because this is gonna happen again And well, you know, I mean I'm Cuban I'm embarrassed about what happened But not all of us agree with that your inner apologies. I have to that appreciate Okay, okay, okay, okay, thank God. He called okay. There he goes It's the best call we had today and I agree with that I don't think that most of the Cubans in his town are like these idiots that are out there But the frightening thing to me was if they would all been those all like that one guy be my bullman at all part And they would all been like that. I was like wow here We go they must have broken up the domino game or we'd like but they were not They were living and breathing people over teenagers and most of the people I would say were in their 20s 30s and 40s and What in God's name enables them to have the time in fact if you look at a front page of the guy Dan Suncental this morning aside from that one that looks like he missed the gay pride parade by two days except for him I mean these are like you know I don't get it And haven't they don't get it either Here's Hylia hello See you after listen that last guy so a lot better now. I do well I'm probably the last animal left in Hylia and I get your shows you only place for someone can event Oh But Traveling home I find about one thirty in the morning and being on the palm metal and having having the big bend Circumbended which is probably was should have been no more on time ago. Yeah, but I got to thinking Hear people that don't know the city are being asked to exit on a strange exit going through my Ami like highly a proper place that they don't know right if they're using a key candle on of course The longest thing of Hylia. They've only got 17 different street names for every street So that too And not to get the Cuban names on the street right, but how would anyone know how how to reach one of the palm metal There was no there were no cops for the city saying here is here's how you get back the metro date cops that were up on my palm metal block You know with the players They were I'm retaining wall yucking it. I think and this was you know good overtime pay. Yeah So where does where does anyone get any assistance in this city? You know I don't know if you're going to be there. You know something yeah, I never thought about that But you know when you come into my main international because I do it all the time and very often because I live out in West Brown You'll come up the palm better to get to you know 75 can you imagine coming in as a tourist although actually this time You who would but if they were coming out of that airport and getting out of a palm metal north and Talk toward what you think is gonna be 75 and getting caught in the middle of that and it's blocked. Where would you go right with doing nowhere to go These are interesting today that now that they've given a legal partition down a chrome to do their legal protest And that's the word legal what what showed up about 20 people? What was that what it is? Yeah, if you if you check the new that all that I don't know if you've had a chance to watch the mom No, you know, maybe there's maybe maybe 50 people like Do it illegally like it was yesterday. Yeah, anyone mentioned where would a permit for this protest? There weren't any well Where it was there was not a protest. It was civil disobedience is what it was Well, okay, let's think about that for a second. Don't you still how I don't know how long you've been the city About I'm in native to my 23 years. I'm in native here and I have dividend recollection of Blacks being hosed up again to buildings and downtown right. I know one of them have similar demonstrations Well, where the hoses you have to accept the one on the Coast Guard boat right? I mean, I think they had the hoses. I think all these people out there and I'm blocking highways They're the ones that gave us the hoses job. Yeah, they had the hoses, but they're real small exactly. Okay, I beg you Hey Moe Piccano. It's 24 one at five 60 WQA and Piccanoito and we have a lot of online in there We don't add the lines. They're smoking today. Of course the fact of homeworks that they help to Greg I'll mention that in passing Channel four, you know something is they probably figured they do me a favor. I feel like I need some publicity from them You know since our buddy retired, which he did retire or John do doch bag Since he retired God bless him Do we have any friends over there or channel for anybody we like? No, I'm trying to think is there anybody a channel for All besides our good post personal friend. Yeah, that asshole What? Yeah, oh that's a good buddy, okay? See Hank likes Joe because Hank is you know so much better than Joe. I mean Hank even do better than that, you know You don't have to compete with a puss like that, but it anyway Well, the Hank just likes those people with bubbling personality when it's course and pot Notice your happy when you control them back Oh Sure C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C Uis, C, C, C, Swiss C, F, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, L, A, C, C e, A C, C, C, C, C, B C, C, C, C, C, P, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, E, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, T, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, A, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, C, That's in date county by the way, isn't it? Uh-huh. And then we got the Donny baseball talking baseball six o'clock. Any interest at all, Donny asked me ask the audience did they care about that? No. How I said no. They all said, by the way, they were like, what, 1500 people at the beginning of the game last night. And then at the end, which I did just see the very, very ass end. The last out in the ninth inning. They're a bit about maybe 75 people in the park last night. I scored John Henry. Oh, a little bit of rain, you know. And then after the game we got the Tom, I'm jicking the night for any K. Tom, Jick is going to be on. My good post personal friend Tom, Jick had always find the excuse to get my name. And at sunset, we'll TV week. Next, next, going Tom, we like Tom, but don't forget. He's a nice, open. Here's a temper of fine, hello. You, God. Yes, sir. How are you, John? Great. Good. I work for the governorate to see that the Cuban we're protesting against. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Last night was the largest display of ignorance. I've ever witnessed in my entire life. And I for one. I guess you ever saw a racconcident. I'm sorry. I for one. And I'm tired of doing the jobs that I am doing for these I'm appreciative of people. And I refuse to do it anymore. If I could quit today, I would. Yeah. Um, it's about all I have to say about this. I'm so steam and I could, you know, I'm ready to move back to the United States. I tell you the truth. Yeah, well, you better get out of the county, man. Because it's official today. Today, June 30th, 1999, dates the seat in from the US. And then it official. Well, I think we should dig a five mile ditch at Okatobi and put up that wall you're talking about. All right. OK, we'll get the bricks. Thanks. OK, see you. Good luck. You'll need it. 560, 50560, 5560, animal mobile one line. So a channel for is taken bits and they're putting them on the year. Isn't that interesting, huh? Isn't that amazing? Just arbitrarily. Oh, well, here's what Neil said today. And here's what someone so said today. Just taking stuff off the radio and sticking it on the year. I got news for you. OK? Here's Miami. Hello? Miami? Miami? I'm sorry. It's a long distance call to a before and country. Here's Miami. Hello. When is this? Well, they got to phone put down. That's good. Well, like Sally just said. 560, 50560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. I'm going to get more important stuff going on. You know, here's what's in. Hello? Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I want to say a demo for you. I think you're important. I know that's not to understand. That's not the person who call. I understand. It's a little kid that kids are out of school. Don't be putting your punky little kid on the phone. OK? Because we will trace the call. Said Luca Brothi, the Romanian, he'll beat the snout out of you and your kid and your pets. 560, 50560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm just wondering why is it that they're Anglo-Audians, calls and talks about Cubans, only when this is in such as this happen. Why don't they call them talk about when they're reading the heralds, the Cubans on general have higher levels of education and income. But what? What is the most important thing? What is level of education? What is level of education? We discussed level of education on this. In fact, I have discussed the fact that on this show, the Cubans do have a high level of education, mostly the middle and upper class. I have discussed that. But that's not a topic we would talk about on this show. You're just trying all you're trying to do is put up a guy name of smoke screen. No, smoke. Yes, you are. All you wanted to have. I've heard attention from a very ugly unacceptable scene that affected the lives. You're of a lot of people. Right. Absolutely. So, now why you're trying to office-skate it, sir? Well, because the reaction is, on a son of the other, you admit you're trying to office-skate it. You said, you're right. Of course. Because it's the only time the people call up in your show to talk about Cubans is when an incident negatively about Cubans happened. When you read articles about positive Cuban contributions, nobody called. Like what we're never heard of in here. Not the kind of program it is. We don't know, Ginger, talking about, well, what did so much of a contribute to mankind? This is a, this is not the kind of thing that we're talking about. What would have happened to those four Cubans yesterday, because since your audience is so intrigued about talking about two or three thousand crazy Cubans who have an emotional, large, emotional stake here, because of easily had been their brothers or sisters or cousins who were struggling to come to the US. Sir, let me answer. What was that? You know, something stopped at hearts and flowers. If the Cuban people in Dave County were so concerned about the welfare of their brothers and sisters and so on and so forth, they wouldn't be supporting the goddamn embargo against Cuba right now. Okay. So, cut the crap. Don't think of your son at Antibut. How concerned they are with the state of welfare of their own Jesus Christ. Get a shovel for that guy, okay? Let's tell him by the palm, we can get rich. Starts out. Well, let's talk about the, that reminds me of what Harvey Rubin was on my show on W. News about 100 years ago. That was right after the burial boat lift when we had dead bodies under the street corner when Dave County was turning into a toilet and I, I posed the question to them about what are we going to do about all the shootings at about the rampant violence. Oh, Neil, we'd like to focus on the good things that are, yeah, that's what this guy is. Anybody got any dogs that weren't lost today? Let's put those on here. And then the kids that didn't get their knee scraped, that they won't be theater. Let's get their names on right away. Just get out the shovel and when you're through shoveling his crap that he was just given us, then take some dirt and cover up all this other business, okay? The reason people are talking about this is because everybody in the community, including his panics who are not Cuban, was a pit were pissed off about this and a lot of people were inconvenienced by it. And so many lives were jeopardized by it. I don't know how many thousands of people live on the beach, but nevertheless, a lot of their lives were jeopardized too. But don't confuse this guy with the fact. Let's talk about all the nice Cuban. There's plenty of nice Cubans, one just walked into the door right now, okay, but he's got really strange sandals under the. So what does that tell you? Even he's just confused. Here's a lady mobile in Kendall, hello. Hi, Neil, how are you doing? I don't know after that. I'm glad you hung up on him. What a jerk. Let's talk about the Cubans that didn't steal any drugs. Okay, great. It's just like, like, about the Italians that aren't in the mafia. What my question is is, well, first, I have a comment. I'm happy that these gentlemen have been granted a file in here. And I just hope they contribute to this community in a good way and not become anything but anything but what? Anything but decent people that work hard in the country. I mean, you can't pass judgment. We don't even know who the hell they are. They're not going to be doing that. But I think judgment is going to be good people bad people. I don't know. And another thing I had to say is when I had seen the footage, I noticed a woman with a toddler blocking traffic. What kind of woman would try to wipe and risk her for six gentlemen. She doesn't even know. Some psychotic bitch. You see, you're forgetting something. It doesn't take any special talent to reproduce. You're forgetting that, you know? Like the woman in Pompano Beach to have the 85 different kids, you know, they just went to jail for a, and the wife. And the woman that killed the eight kids that just yesterday walked away because the one of the, she must have been mentally ill, that killed her eight babies. Well, I certainly hope they fly the American flag on the fourth of the day. I don't see it. I'm looking at all these pictures in both newspapers. I don't see one American flag. Maybe the newspapers one other way to make sure we don't see them. Especially the hero law. She is flags are made communist country. I don't see any American flags on her. So you'll be happy to know George is wearing this American flag on a shirt the pocket today. Well, we could go to A Street and protest on A Street. The American people. Okay. Well, I'll see you in the slamer. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. I wish I were to hurt that course I don't listen to cash to another because I've already heard the material all before but nevertheless. He sends omelette in case you missed the story. He sends omelette out there to South West, they'd sweeten little Havana with a bunch of people to lie down in the middle of the street. And along come to police and say, if you don't get your ass up out of here, we're going to throw your ass in jail. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. Nope. Be kind of finding where to throw your ass in jail, man. Get out of here. Here's a lady mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah. Yes, ma'am. How are you today? I'm okay. Good. I don't know if you already touched on this subject about to do a lot concerning the driver license. Yeah. Did you read that in the papers? I'm in the, yeah. Okay. Well, I'm sorry. I turned in late. I have to agree with everything that you said and just keep up the good work. And I'll make sure by the way, these six guys that came in sure yesterday, let's get them their license before all these other people waiting online. He can't do it anymore. They have to have papers. And they're fees in master card. There you go. Okay. Have a great day. Back to you. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on a mobile one line. Yeah, how come you people are talking about the good humans, about the good things that they do and about the Italians who are members of the mob and the Jews that didn't, you know, weren't in with my or landscape, etc. And so on. How come you're not talking about all of these things? Is what this guy wants to know before? Oh, man. And he admits that he's trying to office. I know you're embarrassed. Why would you just be a little more honest? I'm embarrassed and humiliated. He did say these people were assholes, but instead of trying to cover it up, just say these people are assholes. They don't represent the way the rest of us think they would be refreshing. We had one guy today in three hours who said that. And God bless him. Okay. And God. Bless him on the air. One, yeah. Oh, yeah. We've got a lot of Spino's people out there who are off the ear, telling Georgetown and bears they are. But of course, well, I say Spino's. They just don't want to bomb at the mailbox or whatever. You know, little bit nervous. Which goes to show you that I don't want to say that there's any pressure in this town that there's kind of a banana boat, the 10th World Country. See, not only is date counting another country or four in country with its own foreign policy, but it's not even a good one. It's a banana boat country. That's the sad part. Seven standing if you're renalized, not a direct concert. Oh, I love Brownwood in the springtime. But anyway, it's 12.56. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. Jesus, I shall say here it is the world's windows screening. Hey, meet the rest of the girls in the closet. No more, that's what day day is for. It's a day day after all. All right. We're in the night of fun when we wear red shirts. And when we all come here in the air, the square, speaking to go in these with our manicured go-tis, isn't it? Day after all, we'll be holding hands in adventure, land and watch the live. The vanilla leaf marching, then we'll make a wrist treat with a kiss. On the cheek, it's a day after all. We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold plum, make a mirror mask, a mirror like buildings, we can mince away as we transit. As I shake, it's a day day after all. And G.M. He will have a liberty ball hosted by a wrist, sailor and roof ball, the room of a honey rock. Not too mentioned, each like ox, it's a day day after all. Okay. Okay. Day after all, give it a day and a half. It's a day and a half. It's a day and a half. It's gonna happen when it's five, six, and W.I.M. here. The Star State Screen and Radio Terry Griffin. How you doing? I'm doing well. I've been listening to you all day and of course I've listened to all days. as I drive home from work too, but I'm embarrassed myself. I'm embarrassed by what has happened with the same amount. I'm embarrassed by being part of the media, no matter fact, because yesterday afternoon, in my next duper, because I worked early morning, and I was taken my nap, and my husband, said, you need to watch this. We wait for the app, and I'm watching Channel 7. You're watching Channel 7. And I said, oh, this is just a channel 7 type of thing. And I said, well, they're just trying to do their jobs, the Coast Guard. And I just kind of slept it off, and I went on, as I usually do in my late afternoon and early evening. And I realized that the rest of the stations were on it as well. At age, I'm embarrassed by being part of the media. It scares me because I really think that the media started the whole darn thing, like covering this. And don't forget, I mean, a lot of plane has to go to the TV people because they saw the, they were able to see the visual thing, which really was bad, adding salt to the wound, so to speak. But the fact that the mayor of the county gets on Spanish language radio, and is doing a play by play of his own distorted impression of this. And this hysterical, quivering voice is whipping the community up into a frenzy. I mean, that also helped a lot. Oh, yeah, yeah. And I'm paying them, I have to say, I hope this was just, this is just a media starting this. And then later on, we find out that all this stuff is happening on the guard because, well, as you said earlier, would it be any different if a group of patients did the same thing? I don't see where that should change at all. And we wouldn't have, it's a non-story. Yeah. It wasn't on story yesterday. I couldn't believe it was happening when it was happening. I said, to my husband, I said, this is a non-story. Why are they doing this? Well, they kept breaking it into guiding light, which I'm forced to watch, because I can't get my CBS affiliate on the big dish anymore. Thanks to CBS and Fox and the local channels, of course, we'd watch them. And when I break it into guiding light, three times, and the last two times, it kept getting longer. And a lot of last ones are like, for about five or six minutes, and Elliot Rodriguez is playing like director of the Coast Guard. I was just screaming at the set, like, what is wrong with you, people? This isn't even a major story. And then when I saw what happened last night with this, with a fallout from it, what can you say? I know. I know, whether a communist do this, oh, I can say that. I'm not seeing it. I'm clutching it, and the past board, too. OK. See you soon. Terry Griffin, there you go, from the old WI, OO! D-days. Oh, God. If you blow too much, you're in trouble. Yeah, that's the most, that's the last thing to say to us, just before we left there. I think she had a point. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60, on the 18, too. Well, I was not, I don't know. I'm giving the numbers out of habit, because the phones have been sizzling today. After yesterday, I'll look like I said it helps when the phone works. Great. Here's Miami, hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. I want to be the second law biding of American born in Cuba, who wants to apologize on the air to the rest of the cities. Oh, right. Of the city who were affected by the uncivilized disobedience of my fellow Cuban yesterday. Thank you, sir. I'm embarrassed. I'm ashamed. And I also blamed the authorities for not upholding the letter of the law on all these demonstrators. And I appreciate what the US Coast Guard has done in helping others that have been caught in the same in the high seas, although yesterday had been a period that they were doing, you know, the same thing. But please, I beg of you not to allow the hate mongers who want to call the show and paint all with the same brush. And please don't allow them to go in the air and paint as all with the same brush because we're not all the same. And of course, that's my point. People are people. And the more people want to wear labels and be professional Cubans or Jews or blacks or whatever, then the more divided we are. It's very sad. So thank you and I'm embarrassed. Okay, you're a apology accepted. Bye-bye. Thank you. There you go. There's two hours and six minutes. That's a good start. Now we need to find another half a minute. We'll be okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And of course, the fact that there always are these people out there. All they need is it's like somebody sends a signal. You know, it's like a top-loving the dog with the bell. Also, me actually was ring the little bell. And right away, okay, where do we start? What do we go and do a bunch of crap? And of course, the Spanish language radio stations they're experts at it. They've been doing this crap for years. They were the ones back during Marylle. Oh, yeah, go get your robots. Go down to the, uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Again, and see this again goes back to the fact that we have an FCC. If you speak English language on a radio, that's it. That's all we have in FCC for in this country. If you say crap, then you got big problems. But you can go, yeah, it's totally a real big. Well, all depends on how big. I guess not in a candle. It must be real big by now. But anyway, I mean, you know, but if you're on there, first of all, they must not have anybody speak at a party that's listening to monitoring what they're saying. They do the most outrageous, unacceptable stuff that if we did, that we probably lose our goddamn license. But hey, it's a different ball game. Or shouldn't have said ball game was give the Orals upset again. Yeah, how quick they forget about all that business with all playing a baseball game. You've got to get over it, folks. You can, you can just pine your lives away, screaming, it's like I like I told you before, like a dog going up, being at the moon, the moon ain't going away. So they'll ain't going away. Nobody gives a crap about this. If you want to help your friends and relatives down there, get the embargo lifted. Let's, uh, you know, make life better for the people of their stuck there. And at the best we can do. Oh, Jesus, say that, did you? Yes. Here's Miami, hello. New God. Yes, sir. Channel four below. Okay. Well, the big one, yeah. And so those channels seven with a fat ass Rick fan chest, you know, who did a call? Asked, asked, asked the, asked the audience, says did the US Coast Guard did the right thing by treating the directors like that? Yeah. How come he doesn't do a call on saying that I do right when I was drunk and run somebody over. Oh, by the way, you know, that guy is dead. The guy that they ran over for St. Yeah, he just died here a couple of years ago. Well, I think what is still sitting doing the guy down here is now. I know. Well, nobody says. Why he's squatting on it though. He's squatting. I think on the body. He's got squatters right to seven. I'll tell you on the, you absolutely right. Uh, I mean, I'm just tired of this. Uh, I do live in a day, county. Uh, you know, I'm sorry. I do, but hey, I have to put up with it. And hopefully I'll probably be living next to you one day, you know what I mean? No, not, not, maybe a couple of walks down the street. My problem. Okay. I have a problem. You know, you're a man. All right. I mean, he can like move like, you know, South Broward first start. Then you can move up, yeah, where we are. And then maybe one day if you're real lucky, you move up there in one more. When you get old enough, up by poppin'o. When you get real old. Oh, I'm going to say after or maybe cemetery villas would be good. And I'm going to say after one at five, 60. By the way, we don't want to start any panic. But we hear there's a lot of sparches over it in the cemetery. Villas. Oh, I just think I got up. Hey, listen, why don't I hold not? And like I said yesterday, how many sparches have to move out of North Miami Beach before the Jews start coming back? Oh, there we go. How many holios have to move out a little van to be for the Indians? Who's there before them? The request is like I said. And beat that cater meat. Squared, squared? You feel me that you love my eye. But I know that you keep on checking out my eye. Don't play, you can't play with me. You can't help my breath. They're poking down my 30 minutes. It comes on to make it a mess. The things I'm about to eat. And a sound star. Oh, I love you. I want to take you. You know that things will be nice. Don't think you know. I'm on the way. Oh, right. They're dancing. You should pick and make. Because you could throw the jam in the evening. I want to thank you in the truck. I want to. Yeah, I'm free. You're left out friends. I'm busy. She was 25, but she's just a team. Oh! I'm taking you. I've got my left free. They're getting cold. I've got some perfected things. Because I'll have to tell me. I'm a marker. And you might be. I've got something wrong with. Oh, my show. She's a new age. She's a new thing. Yeah, the middle of these clothes. They're the size of the size. They're the size of the size. She's looking my size. I'm actually in the store. I just just think. Once I gave it five, six, you double the QM. I had the Terry Griffin was right on target. The people in the meeting this time can really take great pride in that growth test. It embarrassing humiliating, unacceptable performance. Both on television and a Spanish language radio yesterday. As usual, I'm guys. We're thinking about it up into a frenzy. And disrupting the whole guy then, community. Nice going. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you going? OK, sir. Just for it for Minneapolis. And I'm glad to be back and I got a catch up on all this. Cuban stuff that's going. It must be pretty bad Minneapolis if you're glad to be back here. Wow. Yeah, well, they would have been just even cherry. Remember? You guys say he's the best. Just see for president. Just see for president. Anyway, I'm not a professional. Yeah, I have to tell you all how about whole coconut for president. Anyway, I grew with you 100%. These guys want to see their families do better. They care about their families and their friends. And Cuba, the first thing they should want is to lift the embargo. That will definitely drive the del Castro out. Sir, I'm going to tell you something. If they announced, if they'll president, they came on here at the three o'clock this afternoon on CNN. And I'm not sure that they were going to lift the embargo on Cuba. If you think we saw something here last night, this town would be, I can't even begin to describe it. It'd be like World War 10. Oh, yeah. It's just, you know, the link in the SBLart and the Rott, the SBLart. Oh, those guys, they represent more, they probably represent Cuba more than they represent Florida. Right. Because they're all down there and set up their own banana boat government. That's what I say. Eliana Gross, late in Lincoln, DS, Bullard, this LLX, the penis we got here at Dave County. What a mouth, go down there. And then Joe Carrillo can go down and he can take Xavier's swars with him and they can fix the elections to get rid of Castro. Yeah, no one election is to make it up. One more thing, but the caller who called in said that about the Cuban being more educated and more of it, one thing, they still can drive worth the crap. Right. Well, I don't want something you got in common with most of the rest of the people. That's why they fit in. Oh, there's a kind of driver with a crap. You look to your left, you look to your right, you see people driving like heek, they're Cuban, they're black, they're white, they're old, they're young. One thing about South Florida, 75% of the people get them off the road. Okay, scrape that vehicle off the road and make the road safe for the rest of us who can be driving them. Oh, God, how can this possibly be going on again? He just, you just look at the mirror and you look at yourself and you shake it in your head to how can this keep going on over and over. It's like, it's like if you had a radio show, I'm music show and he had one record and just can play the same record over ready. Yeah, I mean, you know, after the first 40,000 times, it gets a little bit stale. People just, you did, when it doubt, you just get worn out. I guess that's the idea. Here's Boker, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, now. I just want you to comment about this Cuban thing, why they feel that they should just come in here, you know, and that's what's called a sign on the next chapter. I came here from England five years ago and it cost me $200,000 to start with just to get a visa coming to country. So, you've been making very difficult for the regular white Europeans coming from the tier. Right. Although, I've now realized you're crazy to do that anyway. That's right. I was just going to ask you that question. Why don't anybody from Washington, you were a vulnerable to this country? Well, exactly. It's a big issue. I have a good one now. It's cost is too much money. I've been here five years, as I was saying, we still don't have our green card. If that's cost is another eight grand with our rip off lawyer. Right. And my son became 21 this month and because we don't have our green card, I'm now told that he has to return to England. Which he totally crazy to me because we're all here. Right. So, you know, I'm just saying that it's just a crazy country and is he black and coming on the boat. It's easy to get in on them if you want and you thought of the money. Okay. Good luck sweetheart. Thank you. Okay. Pata. Well, there you go. Like she said, she made a bad mistake. Anybody listening on the internet all on the audio and all over the world. If you live in another country, if they're in a nice, it's a banana book country. And even then, you really have to consider it. Do not think about moving to the United States. Oh, there he goes. Not going to you, West again. Well, you know, I'll lie to you. I'll tell you how great it is. It's the best in the, you know, I'm going to say this. This is why this thing can take me to the show from here today. Not sure what is there. We don't know any special reason. There's a problem with the one who don't know. There's a problem with the one who's got that. That is a power that got you with people. You're up to my level of information. Oh, whatever. That's in day counting over there. It's you will see. Oh, well, now let's start examining what that problem might be. Huh. How interesting. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, near. I'm going to speak. Yes, I would just want to, what would like to make it coming about the hat. What happened yesterday? Yes. What is a chain that a few months are doing all this stuff and other people getting caught in the Lichtenbe between. And also, it's a chain that, uh, authorities like the mayor of the city of Miami at the DeCounning, is to get into people to go over there and protect. Over there, over there over there over there, radio and over there. It's a treat. Yeah, he certainly has to take part of the responsibility for creating this nightmare. A life's night in the mayor of this county, Ozenopology to all the other people whose lives were disrupted and whose lives were jeopardized, whose health and safety were jeopardized by a situation that he helped to, uh, flagulate. Well, I guess the data I'm not going to name him, uh, the mayor of Cuba. Right. All right. I'll leave it to you. Yeah. Well, his name is Mayor Pina. So maybe now we know why he's flagulated. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, one thing about this time, you can't complain about the leadership because there isn't any. There just isn't any. I say Steve Clark, bring him back. I'll leave him out of the box, problem up in a chair with a bottle and get him back there for Mayor Dave County. Even a dead man is going to do a better job than this freaking piece of crap. We got this two-faced backstabbing, uh, phony baloney. This wolf and sheep's clothing may or penis. Yeah. Piece of crap. Just to the market on your calendar, do you lie 29th, okay? I don't even live in the county and I'm going to vote. Just say, uh, for any more bull crap with a metro rail, July 29th, a Thursday, no less. When 95% of the people who like you larger than a ball bearing are out of town here, and they're going to stick an election in there to try to pull another fast one. And stick another guy at the Antteni sales tax. Just say, no, for more guy at the Antteni, they'd county for bull crap for useless bull crap. The roads suck, the education sucks, everything sucks. The politicians suck. The elections are fixed. The goddamn town is bankrupt. But all we're going to build more metro rail and more buses. Yeah, we have a mirror at the stair climb. Yeah, we brought it back to the scene of the crime to see if he can do it all over again. Nice calling here, Mayor. You jackass. Oh, and by the way, Mayor, by the way, hey, Tim Rachlan, you're Cuban Mr. Deadline on a junior pan and games. Too bad about that. They're going to Tampa, right? Too bad about that that you were so psychotic. Pandering so badly, bending over so bad. They had a team of carpractors over there in City Hall. Who worked on Mayor at Steerheim. He was generating and back bending so much. Oh, yeah, if we have an acupil athletes participating, we can't have those games are good. They'll pack you a guy that maybe in OChic because you ain't getting the games anyway, asshole. Nobody's got the Cajones to stand up to this guy damn mafia that we got running day county. That's what it is. It's a goddamn mafia that runs the county. And the hero says, oh, yeah, well, you know, if we have casino gambling, it brings in the mafia. I'd rather have that mafia than the one that we got because they're not doing anything for us. Any day of the week, even with Leo in there, which is really a concession coming from me. Even that little faggot, even with Leo in there, as the young son of Corleoni. You're at least need to go for some laughs anyway. Neither him or Fredo. Here's Hollywood, hello. New God. Yes, sir. I had much respect for you today and always always wanted to tell you. He touched you kind of segue into what I was going. If the city officials in the man in any balls, they would have arrested every man woman and child. Right. Because they've seen children in the hands of mothers that are 11.30 and night. All right. Throwing up in this kind of environment, that's just great to look forward to. Exactly. They come along through a short base should have arrested. Everyone of them charged them all bail. You've been related to Clarep the bankruptcy in Miami. Right. You know, what you got people in this city that don't know what's going on. And I have people in this city running this town who are, who are terrified and terrorized and who are scared, crapless because it's politically expedient to bend over back. We're just like I said a minute ago and to let these people do whatever to hell they want. That's what you're biased. Right. And I look forward to seeing you in Channel 4 later on today because we're repeated over and over and over and over. Good for them. Okay. We'll just file the lawsuit over and over again. I'm telling you next time that they stick my ass on there, I'm going to call the norm. I'm going to have them sue their ass. They can't just take stuff off of your hand. Stick it on a year without our permission. There would be like, my right now put in CNN on your ear. Sanjay, CNN, Python, South Carolina. Oh, geez. Did I do that? You can't do that. Put CNN on. I haven't died this week. Can floods and lands. I do like, so it wasn't. I'm getting pretty old. Are you seeing that? You need to haircut. Do you see him? Looks like he just caught out of the sack for the waters. Like you know that Ted Turner, he's a cheap prick. You don't pay anybody. He's all the money to charity, but the people that work for him, they get, you know. You're just squat. Do you fudge back him? No, when he's white. No, you can't forgive him, behavior. No, it's here. It is time, so white. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie. He's a zombie, he's a zombie. He's gonna be what we're gonna both. And you'll catch a bit dreadful. And he got no vulnerable. You picked the white one, baby. He's a zombie, one, baby. You know who it is, why? You just got the face there. Yeah, you're just got the white one, baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got the white one. It's 130 at 560 WCM happy at 1v2. Other great damage to any baby. The same old crap with a laughing stock of the world thanks to a small group of people. Just can't cut the crap and the politicians in the media that can't stop pandering for these hysterical people going. Nothing changes, even the underwear. Here's a mobile in Miami. Yes sir. Hey, you saw that cube and we'll put a move on the police officer on the beach. You saw that? No. You think you're a human being. You think you're a human being? You look at him? Why? You don't run him back here. You can't run him back here. You can't run. You can't run. You can't run. You can't run. You can't run. Maybe either too rosin house or Joe Kubas. Maybe they can get together and make a deal on that. You think huh? Oh, I think. 560, 50560, pound-five 60. I didn't see that. You saw that? Yeah, it was funny. They showed it 500 times. I didn't. He did a little fake out, a little fake to the left of you. Who's the right? All right, clap, clap, clap. Get him on there. He ain't no Lawrence Phillips though, okay. He's doing a ripsdorting big job over there in Europe and in front of that world league of American football in front of about 80 people across. 80 crowd, 80 people, a game. I'm in cohere and I really am because I just can't handle it anymore. Just can't stand it. I can't believe that we keep going back. It's like neurotic repetition. This town never learns. And they're all the same. It doesn't make any sense. They be your swarris, Bert Oranand, there's Joe Carroyo, Alex Pienis. It's all the same person with a different name. The Jackass who's brother is on at the CBS Morning Show, Lincoln DS Bullard, Lincoln V.S. Bullard. Here's Florida City, hello. Florida City. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. It's incredible that without your permission, shall I fall with play the audio part of your show with the bigot of racial comments of such an asshole as yourself. Okay, thank you very much and have a great day. Thanks for listening to the New Year Roger Show on 560 WQAM. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T World of Slime. Yeah, bigoted in racist because I don't happen to be saying what you would like me to say. Yeah, I've listened to this crap for 23 years. Sir, and you know what, every time I hear it, I chuckle to myself because you're just another Jackass, you know what, he's an asshole. Yeah. Bigoted comments because I just don't think that we ought to have people out there acting in everywhere ways, blocking off the streets, carrying on like a bunch of lunatics in heat. They're like the people of sand. Mothers with little babies in their arms at 1130 and night after they're having a goddamn party in the streets. This isn't the way that civilized people want to live. But excuse us for giving an honest opinion that you don't have to agree with. Okay. And by the way, maybe Channel 4 News did put it on the year because at least there's one person in town that can put something on the year giving an alternative point of view as opposed to the pandemic that goes on incessantly 24 hours a day here. And by the way, it's still ain't working. They're all still watching Channel 23. Okay, so cut the crap. You're wasting your time. Just like the Harold. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, chill out. Good afternoon. What is this? Great. Listen, if you really look close to that cliff from that new yesterday, you look in the background. Joe Kew was there wearing a spedle and a briefcase in his hand. I believe it. And a dog in Jersey. Right. Neil, I am very embarrassed. I have 35 years old Cuban. And I am really embarrassed especially because of this portion of my family backs up as crap. And it is really, really sad. Really sad. Maybe you can get like a group right on the lobotomy for your family. You know? You know, they're brain. And the pleasure this morning, you know, firing through my workers came in about three hours late this year old in this morning. And had the audacity to tell me they were leakers. They were out for testing that's right on the palm metal. All right. That's good for you. That was you, sir. One more thing. You're getting a special innovation from all of us here at 2 AM. Yes, sir. That's come back. The hatches and your bones is dead. Chargers are already missing a ring. A lot of them. A lot of the 1,000,000,000 is all around. Months of bill of gas. Right. Did you want to use out there? High packing of time. Like you say. Yeah, well, he's got to spend that gas money somewhere. You know, packing for him, the fourth and back. Come back. All right. I'm going to have a good day. Okay, keep it up. There you go. Some people came in late because they were out there. That was more important than going out there and doing little civil disobedience. They came in and it worked this morning. He said, I got you out of here. Oh, Bob Fongula, baby. There you go. Yeah, get a life. Get with the real program and stop trying to disrupt the whole goddamn town. Every time things don't just exactly go quite your way. Okay. You know, I can't think of any group of people who had more give it than and who've been being over and over and over again. And like even little jelly though this morning when I'm grabbing the work this morning, even he was first vacations enough to understand. I wish that I say even he, when he's the one that showed us the truth in the light in the way. To understand what a horrendous precedent this sets. But now it's like an invitation, like a green light, like shining a big green light. Every time you're pissed off about anything, like if they want to play another goddamn baseball game with a Cuban national tape, just go out there and block the traffic. Whatever you want, we'll do it. That's the message that you should put it up on a goddamn billboard. Right next to those stupid God billboards. Here's Hollywood. Hello. I now I used to get the real upset the way everybody is about this. I lived in South Florida since late 60s. And particularly in Hollywood when my business is and I just said one day that's it enough. And I drive an hour and a little over an hour, hour and 15 minutes to go. I live up north of Jupiter on beach. Right. And you don't have this crap. I don't even sit on TV and watch it. And I'm a blood pressure stays down. I mean, I got to drive. But just to drive our West, right, take me an hour. So I'm, I feel like I'm going to resort every day when I go home and they can have this place. They can have it. I don't give it to you. I'm going to stay at home. I'm going to start community. And then moving to the city. Yeah, no, it's a, I see somebody in South Miami. So I'm between three counties. And what that hundred mile difference is, is like a different world. Right. And I think that's like going to another country. Really? It really is. And what the people in Miami should do is take a ride and see what the rest of, the don't be so stuck into your one little area. Right. And, and have the balls to go up. Say, hey, I'm done with this. They can have it. And get out. You're not going to go your fight. No, losing battle. You're not going to be able to go. That was lost long ago. You're done. Right. Got it. See you in the Jupiter or Saturn or Uranus. 24, 2, 5, 60, W, K, O, M, what? J, K, call them a trader. You know, say he needs the programming. And he's hopeless because this poor Katie's a good guy. But he just had been so indented. And so he, he, he, it's hopeless. You know, where with this professional human crap, you must, you must be a human being. You must forget all this baloney. Nobody cares. Nobody with a brain cares about these things. Okay. Start worrying about the real world and the real life, which has nothing to do with the del Castro, nothing to do with a 30 little piece of island down there. Forget about it. Nobody cares if they have a brain if they have an IQ. None of the other people who are here, whether they're from Poland or Ireland or Czechoslovakia or India Africa. Nobody here is making a big song in advance. Unfortunately, we had the very sad realization that geographically we're so close to that little piece of turd floating around the Caribbean that we just can't get these people away from it. I think, and I, I'm serious. I said this many years ago that if a lot of people would have been repatriated to the coders, the way up there. The North and South Dakota, there's a lot of air red land up there. There's a lot of white open spaces way far away from that little piece of turd that's floating around the Caribbean. Then they could have gotten this out of their mind. They would have been far away from it. They wouldn't have been listening to all that propaganda 24 hours a day on those stations going. And they could have understood what the real world was all about. Instead of living in this little closet in their own, you know, like that. 22 before 2 at 5. 60. WQA. Oh, just where's me out? When in doubt it wears me out. That's for sure. But, oh, no! This is a channel for weather advisory, with the flame is right in nor grow. When it starts approaching, it's always a good idea to prepare yourself with the wears. The deadly storm we have pictured here on the operator with all these delightful colors to show the intensity. In approaching, there's like a giant system set. I strongly recommend that you let. Thanks, Brian. One moment please. Oh, well, it looks like this storm's headed out to see you. Yeah, but there will be more. Okay. We'll see you again in the 11. Thanks, Brian. I want to give you the real thing, you know. Yeah, but not for me, I'll pass. 144 at 5. 60 WQA. Let's do a coconut grow, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I'm about 36 year old, QA and I've been here for 30 years and I feel so embarrassed of what happened. I couldn't believe my eyes, what I was seeing. I want to apologize for the rest of the community for what I'm handful of crazy QA and did. Because let me tell you something. If it would have been stuck in a tomato, I don't know. I think I would have gone post or something. Exactly. And I think I'll need your things going. I cannot imagine myself being stuck in for four hours in that highway. For a handful of crazy stupid people doing their crazy thing. Right. But you know, I compare this QA problem with the Middle East. It's never going to end. Right. Always going to end. Wait a minute. You've got to, it's far people screaming at the moon and then going to go away. We could live for a trillion years. Those two problems are never going to go. Right. You know, it's like, I don't think I'm an Edwinner. You know, it's never going to change. So I apologize for the rest of the community. Lucas grassy. Simon. There you go. That's what you're forward. He had today and there is a lot more out there like that who are a little intimidated call but never left. They feel ashamed. They're mortified. They're probably hiding out of the table right now. They're putting a sign on their forehead. It says, oh, I'm not Cuban. Like George. He's got the American flag. He's changing the George Montana. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hi, good afternoon, Neil. How are you? Let's not have a problem understanding this. Um, if they're so, you know, move, I would happen. Um, why don't they do this in Cuba? I think they revolt against Castro. I understand. I mean, can't they all, you might lose it to Lions, put it. They tried over so this asshole running the country over there. Yeah. Um, I mean, come on. Think about it. If all you, you've been up there, if you really feel that bad about, you know, this and that what, what happened a few years ago, Bill Clinton, led in 25,000ations. You went to the Miami Arena, or the full player stadium and automatically gave the citizenship to 25,000 Haitians who couldn't even speak to language. I live in Del Ray Beach, I drive home every day. These people on welfare sitting on their trees. They do nothing for society. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. And they park, they're just, they're ignorant. A lot of babies putting their depends on the front line. I mean, let's get it all in there. Come on. Okay. All right. I can go on if you don't hang up on me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's get them all on here. Okay. Except a good American, like me and, uh, stuff. Anybody else here, are real American? No. That's it. You're all gone. You're all gone. Well, we'll give him a special dispensation. George, he can't go anywhere because he's like, uh, he's got a lot of those limbo cards, you know, just like the RETEG. Yeah, he's a limbo refuelier no matter what he says he is. He ain't, so we can't go anywhere. So he's, uh, he's safe. So the four of us and everybody else, you're out. You're all out. Joe Costell wants to hear the time, but he's done. He's got to know us for it. He's got that Sicilian nose. I'll tell you that. He's okay. We need somebody to run the gambling operation. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. Aniel. Yes, sir. Uh, firstly, uh, tell them, it's not that great up in Jupiter. We don't want anybody move it up to Jupiter. Ha ha ha. Now you're talking. I'll just say that. See that later. We had the guy met well, but it was a great, bad move. Yeah, I heard that. However, sucks. So we have a baseball, uh, parking Jupiter in the Jupiter handkerhead's play there and I guarantee you that more people in the state of last night than they were in Joe Robbie. No problem. Whatever. If they had no way, if they had more than 12 people, and you had to beat. And that's when the metter in town has been old in New Yorkers come out to root. I want to know what the official attendance was last night. Eight. Eight. And if the does anybody under the table, it's got to be a John Henry. Okay, pal. I'll check it himself for all in this state. Okay, we're going to, we're going to do a chant at the end of the show. Jupiter sucks. Jupiter sucks. Thanks a lot. Okay, Jupiter blow a state of hell away. And you know, plantation acres, not good out there at all. You would hate it out there. It's getting real congested. Believe me, new people are thinking of moving. Don't come anywhere near the acres where we reached our limit already. But uh, let me, uh, howlendale's pretty good. You love howlendale. It's right over the county borders. You can still say, how do your friend. You can wait to him across that wall, you know. You can throw notes across the wall and they put up the big brick wall there at the Dave Broward line. Howlendale will be great. And in fact, you do a public service because you'll knock that in a graph. If you're under the age of 100, you'll immediately knock that in a graphic down by six years just by moving in. Here's a mobile and boit and beach. Hello. Hey, Leo, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've been down here 40 years now, uh, morning Colorado native America in American Indian. Oh, hey, hey, how about that? Hey, you know, my father and life, your typical arts, you bunk your guy up in Chicago. We're going to get off. Yeah. Yeah, but he's, uh, Polish. And I was talking to him one day and he, this was about five years ago. Remember when all the Cubans and the Haitians were floating up on the tubes and that, uh, okay. And he was an all-as-ranting way, right? Yeah, he was asking me. He's all upset about it. And he's, uh, ranting and raving about how, you know, those people all come in and, uh, there's Americans here without stuff. Hey, she's right, you know. And he said, well, you lived down there. What do you think? We should have a new immigration policy. Don't you think so? And I said, I wish we had one 500 years ago, right? And you wouldn't be here. And he's with most of the others. There you go. But anyway, yeah, I don't go to Miami unless I have my phone and my guns. I can shoot my way out and call for help, you know. Okay, pal. Hey, we'll see it. We're subsidizing a bingo. That's why we keep plugging in several of these. We're trying to, uh, pay back a little bit for what our ancestors did. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line, Hank Goldberg in the studio because it peed on our parade last night. It shows our Cuban got flooded and all wet and, uh, we sure wouldn't want to do that. I mean, that would be bad. So it would only be the 85th time this year that Hank came on here and said, uh, is this thing working? And usually it's not. But that's a QAM for it because we spare no expense, baby. Gregory was in a yesterday with a banker and with a bee's leaves and, uh, saying, let me first do this. Yeah. Spirited no expense to bring to the, where cheapest crap that money can buy. And Greg feels real bad by the way that we had to do like almost three quarter of the show yesterday with a phone system that was on the efforts. But nevertheless, do we believe that he feels real bad? No, no. That sounded very sincere. About us in here, as when he said, those are really my kids believe me. I'll show you the pictures.