So here's the story. Neil Rogers is out sick. Please don't call. George Rodriguez is also out sick. Please don't call. Sports Radio 560 QA and presents the best of Neil Rogers. Enjoy sit back and please do not call. Don't get in that Mercedes. Princess I will beg in please. Pop a rock these come and help me you gonna pass through a long North and South for you. Princess I Here's my any hello You're right. What the Princess I think Are you sure. I'm really sick of a bottom and But I think how can people say the two kids are gonna be back if they're gonna be more than it. You know many more than the two of you said all minutes of More Dialogue kids that like to say crap babies until they die Right and they go to the guy again poverty who wind about on a street having The pedal themselves might have a drug addict and live until maybe their eighteen years old and why they're getting killed or croaked. And these kids are gonna be multi-millionaires. The one kid is gonna be the king. The other one will probably be the queen. And I mean, what are we talking about? And everybody's all upset about these four boys. What's gonna happen to them all? Four wells at Puerto Harry. I'm telling you we're talking about the minted people, sir. It's one thing for the British to be silly because they can't help it. But why do we have to try to be as silly as they are? You're right, you know, many kids go through foster care and say seven holes, but I can five or six years. Thank God for you, sir. My God, for some reason. I'm kidding. And the thing is you can't escape it. Especially the kid in Miami. You can't escape it, kind of. It has a channel 10, live on a big five o'clock. I live up here at five o'clock. I live up here at five o'clock. You know, you can't escape that. And even now, even now, like on MSNBC, all let's have some more updates about the Royal Family and about here's a Spencer, he's a charging admission. He's gonna all set up for people to come see the gravesite. Get it, our rest already. We don't care, okay? We don't care. And if we do care, we shouldn't care. They know if they want to see one thing new. Santa from pierce Lee, the anti-clay. Okay. And pierce Lee, that's where we get all those taxes from. But this is a good guy though, who actually knew what Ellie was talking about, which don't happen to often in this town. I'll come on, let me get what you see. Done. Go on. Cut the crap already. Goodbye, I'm through. Fuck me, you're a grown-out hot. You are the grand-clean. Are you sure? Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. You pull up to our country. And you listen. Don't pay me now you belong to heaven. And the door fell out your name. Let's just go meet the Spice Girls and screw him, okay? Daddy. Daddy, can we go meet the Spice Girls? Daddy's to be the screw on the Spice Girls. You don't have time for you guys to meet the Spice Girls. What? You see what he is screwing? Oh, yes. She's a real beauty. Well, when look at him. Like I said, he's got these got those ears to keep money my fall in. Get any nasty one. In fact, if you read the book to Royals, you know, when he was a little bit older than he should have been to find out about what sex was all about, which he didn't really understand how it worked. And Philip told him, just pretend you're riding a rocking horse. Seriously, this was when he was in his 20s, Charles, with the figures, Dumbo with the ears. Did this pretend you're riding a rocking horse? Seriously, you've got to read that book. I mean, it's a big book, but you will say you're a pee in your pants. Like the Queen Mum, she's sitting up there one day. And she picks up the phone to call downstairs for all the guys that she wants her drink, a real drunk, a lush, like most of the world family. And she's ringing and ringing and they're not answering down to the servants. And she finally picks up the intercom and she says, when you queens down there, it gets through a talk and do whatever you're doing. This old queen up here would like a drink. Not that there are any queens in Buckingham Palace, except Elizabeth and the Queen Mum, of course. Right. Anyway, by the way, we got a special message for all of our 85 sales managers upstairs. Go sell some spots. Don't come down here and hop George to try and make him try to, you know, like yesterday when I had my bad experience, which I'm not going to talk about on the year, where they form a sponsor whom I will never, ever endorse again, and I hope never to be involved with again, who screwed me over so badly that I'm still in shock. In fact, I'm debating even telling the story on the air, which I just might do. If the anger surfaces again, which is subsided, but it just might come back thinking about it. Why is it that almost everywhere we go, George, is like too many chiefs and not enough Indians. Everybody's got a title. It was the same way it cocks the same way it, oh, pack them. They had 100 million people with titles. Nobody to get anything done, but everybody had a title. For example, raw. Yeah, there was a good example. Chief asshole. But, you know, they come down yesterday and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Go out and sell some spots. Do something constructive. I heard Hank talk in yesterday and rightfully so by the way. Hank has had the only numbers on the station until I came here for God only owes how long. And there run in PSA's and afternoon drive. Go get him, Hank. Stick it to him. We got two open lines if he moved quickly now for whatever it is you want. If you think that did guys have larger penises than small guys, if you're woman out there that found that Oriental guys, Asian guys excuse me, Asian guys are hung like butterflies, but a lot better in bed than Jerry Sarner. Whatever it might be, which could be said for almost anybody I would think. Boy, see how much he made your pots or what? He could be. I'm trying to think all the different stations I've worked at in just 22 years in this time. All the different, you know, good people, assholes, in between marginal people. Here's my slammy. Hello. I'm I knew. Yes sir. I'm a converted spick from Catholicism to atheism. And yeah. And I'm telling you, I'm a psychologist and an FIU. Yes sir. And we were studying, you know, like that's a psychological necessity for most people because they can't really cope with the fight. Most people are emotional cripples, correct sir. Well, they can't cope with the finality of dev and just accept it. And I think if everybody would just put down these stupid bribes and really educate themselves in the university, maybe we could come up with curious for cancer and AIDS and, and but that's another story. There wouldn't be one person going hungry in this world. There wouldn't be one unborn baby. There wouldn't be 90% of the misery and tragedy in the world today. If all of the funds they're used to subsidize religious horse crap, we're diverted into useful means we could probably cure cancer and AIDS and muscular dystrophy and multiple sclerosis and every other disease in the world. We eliminate all these flu viruses because we could put all that money to great use and research. But instead it's the Lord's work and the Lord needs your money. And of course as soon as somebody tells you the Lord needs your money, that means scam rip off a warm like a son of a bitch. Well, I have a question for you. Don't you think there's a Trinity broadcasting thing. Don't you think that's kind of dangerous in this country? What do you mean kind of dangerous? It's not you think it's like spreading these people. It's legalized. It's legalized. The theory is what it is. They're allowing these people to grow on the year. First of all, they buy up all these licenses. Number one. I told you I saw Paul Crochon, the hotel and my wife's there. God only knows what he made these blinded Vatican. And they've always channels on here. And then they grow on there and they lie and they beg and they appear. They scare them out of all these old, lowly desperate people. And they fleece them from their money. And no matter how many German tanny bakers or Jimmy Swaggerts come along, there's another bunch of these grave robbers in Benny Hinn and Benny Hanna. And all these guys to replace them with all this bakery and crackery. And nobody wants to talk about it. And these stupid, stupid pathetic people. The same ones who are sending in their ordering all these magazines from Edmund Man and Dick Clark. They're the ones that are exactly. They're sending all their money in. There was a guy yesterday that if he was an evangelist and he was out in the, you know, there's a graphing hole out there. He was telling all of us. Well, he was the one on the grass. He was telling all of us in the fraternity that that we're all going to do. And we're all going to hell and we're masturbating. There are licks and all the girls and the sororities were horrors. And I mean, I mean, I just wanted to say something. If there were a god, which there is not, but if there were. And he didn't want people to masturbate. Why do you make their arms so long? So we can reach it. There you know exactly. All right, Neil. Have a great day, pal. Just for a bit. Reminds we back in the old IOD days when I was on with Mr. Eagle way back in those boring on that other station. W I O D. Oh, I hate that station. And it was this minister that I'm forgetting whether Mr. Eagle had him on as again. Sir, I had him on as again. Sir, I had him. I know he was on for part of my show. And it comes down there and all while he's he's saving it. You know, we hear women saving sex for their wedding night. But when he's guys come on, he said they're saving it. Like maybe in a jar in a little bottle and a test to you. So it eroded. They're saving it. Yeah. And so he claimed he had never had any second. This is a guy who's like 28 to 30 years old. Another fruit cake no doubt. Another one of these ministers and about how masturbation is evil and sex out of a wedlock is evil and anything to do with sex is evil. And claims that he never had a sexual experience. And I said, well, then if you don't know what it's like, which is a physical impossibility, basically, then why do you want to have it? Why do you want to get married and have sex? Oh, but it means, but it means, but it means, but it means he just kept squirming around the chair and I think quite frankly, he scored a little experience right there in the seat or was that Randy? I'm sorry. Here's a mobile in David. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Great. Great. Great to have you back. I'm from David. I'm not from David by living David. I'm from the law student. And I think if you saw the news couple night to go about strip clubs moving in David. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What do you take on that? Oh, that's the best thing that ever happened to David. You get some of those cowboys out of the house. Get them away from their houses. Yeah. I can't probably. I mean, I don't know. Oh, listen, this whole business that ever since I've been here and from years after they stick my ass in the ground, the same crap that they go in on here where they're like this, and don't look still around of this neighborhood and this top list club. Who gives a crap for Christ, the people that want to go there will go there and have a good time. And the people that don't want to go there won't be dragged in there. And of course, I say make them close to the churches because then the guys will have less, you know, to travel. No, they're sure. I just know that the baby residents here. I know they're, they're speeding it. They just, you know, they're fighting it. They want to keep in there. Well, yeah. A little sheepish is their problem in David. Right. If you get my drip, have a great day, pal. Yeah. See it. The bookstore. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 560, it's like they make a put this, this is my favorite part. It doesn't happen only here, but here and all of the state of Florida, I guess, many places in this country, they make them put the doors back on the booths, the video booths and adult establishments because God forbid somebody might be doing something in there. Now, what do you think they're doing in there, okay? You idiots? Why do you think the guy with the, with the mop keeps going back in there every 20 minutes? What do you think they're doing in there? They bothering you because they're doing something in there. Maybe they don't have the privacy at home with the VCR, which maybe mommy and the kids are watching Disney does the Debbie or whatever it might be. Oh, God. There might be doing something. I mean, they're in there all alone. They make sure they put cash to aluminum steel walls on whatever it is. So nobody can drill any glory holes in there. So no fags get into each other. So I find there's a brick waller to make sure nobody's doing anybody else. But God, take the doors off the stalls there because somebody might be doing something in there. I mean, we're talking Stone Age, baby. We're talking embarrassing. And then all you Yahoo stuff. What do you think? Well, you think it's really those topless clubs? What a bunch of assholes. They're not reading at a, one of those that dumps books there. So they're in Davy. They, your horses don't get all upset. And of course, when the horses pop one of those, Wow, looks just like Zoltan. Davies, the perfect place for a strip club. Of course. Well, they have far to drive them. Fun to read next. Redneck's love, porno and perversion. What's wrong with that? They're all the industry. They're the industry. That's true. Next real. By the way, one of the back door boys is tattoos, which I find very bizarre. Since they're all talking about God and Jesus, and they're so religious and born again. Rose on his ankle or something. Yeah, he's got a rose on his, uh, host is what I heard. That's the rumor. And he's got a picture of Nick on his wall. Yes. I've got an, I've got an, Yeah. Anyway, I got an amazing thing. And you don't even know. I didn't even tell you. I've been here for an hour and the some odd minutes. I've been told George how amazing this thing was. A major miracle, which is so bad. It's not a sponsor. We could sell 10 million of these by noon today. You know that thing you gave me on Friday. George quit talking to those assholes. Most of them. That thing you gave me on Friday for my nose. That packs. Do you have other do we know what those are called? I don't hear anything you're saying. No, I'll about now. There you go. We had a power out of the weekend so I'd reset everything. Listen, don't start getting picky with technical stuff with this company. Okay. I forgot to look at your nose. Mr Terry. marginalized. how suppidlyller. Paul paid and this okay? Sir Michael is entirely in washroom. Sting? Sting? Some types of people say that one ago. The class wasshirts and they were useful in handling that today.osos and so on. We didn't know it was. Well, this is not for everybody. Women I would think probably most of them don't need it because women are constantly hot. What they made it for? Why? Because trust me. They've been scouring for a hundred years with busposs or something like that to try to get the blackheads up. They just don't want you to think that they get. But what I was going to say is women tend to be much more into cosmetic, taking care of their pores and all that. I'm taking it. Where is men? Especially as we get older with that WC field bulbous nose look you know. And you start and of course I'm not even aware of it because you know you look at the mirror every day. Who wants to look at this when you're shaving and that's as much as you want to see because they get in any better believe me. And you start getting those little blackheads in the pores of your nose. You didn't even look at my nose today, Mr. Not today. It's beautiful. It's a lovely nose. The only thing. Well, you didn't feel it with your finger too and the nose as well. I bet yours felt like Santa. Oh, but the grossest thing you will ever see in your life is when you peel that thing off of there and you look at the inside. Oh, Jesus God! Oh, they came out of my nose. Looks like iron nails. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Looks like a little iron nails on the other side of this tape adhesive thing that you put over your nose and all that smuts has been clogging the pores. I bet you it will be real good on your back dome too. It could be good on all kinds of body parts where you got all those things in the pores of your skin that have been accumulating for years and centuries and forever. Carol City, hello. Yeah, I got a spy report. Yeah, I thought you would hit on it already because it was in the Sun Sentinel yesterday. You thought I'd hit on it already? I'm talking about important things like nosecraft. Hit on it already. Okay, I'm the opinion page on the letters to the editor in the Sun Sentinel. Yes. It says I'll bring it to you because I have a comment here today. Yes, Neil Rogers assign. Okay. The high popularity and paleo, smuttyologist, Neil Rogers. No, wait, this is a letter right in the letter. A letter to the editor. Yes. High popularity and paleo, smuttyologist, Neil Rogers indicate that the moral level of South Florida needs a lift and it's signed Rabbi Samuel M. Silver Walker, you have to be kidding me. No, it's looking out well. More people. Okay, you have no excuse. Ascle. So what are those things called again? Those strips be your ring. How how you be spelling that? BIO are E with an accent with an accent with an accent. With an accent? Oh, this is the spik thing is it know it's a French thing. Oh, that makes it even worse. Well, the French would be good for something before we put them all in the ovens. Yeah, most of the blackheads in the world aren't. Most of the people had darker frogs. Yeah. So that's who me business over there. Because I don't know of any other way to get that crap out. You can't push it out. Well, you can. Oh, bad. Bad news. One in doubt don't squeeze it out because you would, because once you do that and it opens up and you get all horrible blood vessels when you do that. Exactly. It looks like Ted Kennedy or WC fields are both on a bad day. But this stuff, in ten minutes, just magically pulls it all out. And you can see the difference. Look in the mirror and not only that, but my nose feels smooth instead of like an old brownie hound. I mean, my nose feels really smooth now. It's beautiful. You just want to sit there and keep rubbing it. And your nose, too. I'm telling you, you know, I was just excited. The wife brought it home and I said, what the hell is this crap? She said, stick it on, you know, shut up and stick it on. Yeah, she said, yeah, you know, we're sling your charm. Which by the way, that frozen finger. I'm telling you, you can laugh if you want. That's the greatest thing that had even my feet feel pretty good today. All that frozen finger just ten minutes in your window and you're like in heaven. It felt like a finger anyway. And let's just do a helpsho. Okay. Also anyway, speaking of religious fanatics, which I will get to this Mormon letter today with this facts. If it's alive and threatening for a week, the last thing I do. What a story this is. A very good friend of mine who has a business partner who's one of these born again. Christian, you know, one of these guys who's had all kinds of problem drinking problems. And all kinds of other problems. And anyway, not a lot of these good born again Christians, it gets very offended by this show. So this guy goes to one of these church group things where I guess these people are like such misfits. They won't let him into a regular church. Maybe they can't afford to contribute to their two cheap. So they have one of these church meeting things. I think it's pipe or higher. They hold their meetings, which I don't know what they're doing there, but on the weekend. So what each one gets up and they make some spiel. So one of the guys gets up and he makes a spiel. And he listens to this radio station because he's a sports guy. He likes sports. And he came across this show, of course, by accident. All these people have so many radio accidents to this town. We had to have like blue cross and blue shield just for the audience. Not for real accidents, just for alleged radio accidents. So he hears this show and we played this particular bit with him going to play in a second. And he was so upset that he heard it. He was on his knees in a matter of moments and everybody's got a lot of practice at that. Do by the way, which bit do you think it was that got him upset? Christ Almighty Motors. Worst. Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better? Well, I have the answer to your prayers. From the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. Crucifixion. Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible. And the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus dial gets nailed. I'll tell you the death. How about a car? No, sorry Billy. I'm sorry, Jesus. After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy story and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come to the small Jesus down nails in a tiny spear. Take blood, wooden cross and hammer and not included. Crucifixion. Oh, forotic. Of Trinity brothers. That he threw the hemisponic food. That was probably. Yeah, mildly amusing. So anyway, this guy's all better, because he got no sense of humor. And he was not as easy as he was praying. And all he wishes that God would strike me down, etc. And so on. Maybe with those hemorrhides. Maybe that was my penalty for being such a human bastard and telling the truth. And telling people to stop being such a bunch in the end. Oh, and by the way, you notice that Popeye looking to good these days. Oh, brother. He's there in look like Janet Reno. Although he dresses better than Cheetahs, but nevertheless, he's like this. He's his pizza at shaky. He's not at La Troccia. Oh, he's looking really bad. And of course, you know that the next one they're going to bring. And there isn't going to be some marginal fat polock. It's going to be a real Nazi back to this time. That probably is kind of Popeye's to 12 and was good buddies with Hitler. Although this guy's buddies without him with the air fart. And he's coming to see Castro if he lives that long. What a joke that is. So what do I want you to fix out there? Think about that. Your Pope is coming to visit the Dell. And maybe he's going to put something in his beard. Oh, my god. You call that a peanut? Oh, God. What a thought. Well, you know, I wonder, just like with the Scottish, you know, you wonder if they were anything out of the bagpipes. What about those priests? Those cardinals, man. None of those lovely skirts they wear. Here's out Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. What do you think of this polock? Don't think of the place. Yeah. I had a here with Paula Jones. Call up. Laura. Call up, Dr. Laura. On your heart. She's going to mean. That's why this thing with these phone calls in this town, especially forget it. I'm on here for half an hour talking about everything from fixing up your nose. To your ass. Everything in between. To these religious nuts who are all bent out of shape because they have no sense of humor. And because they're so stupid. They believe all this garbage. I'm going to tell you all you young people out there. Your parents lied to you. Okay. They lied a lot. I've been telling you this for twenty some years. And I'm never going to stop telling you because nobody's got to ball to tell you this. Except me. They lied because they were not because they're bad necessarily all they might be. But because they were brainwashed. And so they felt it was incumbent upon them to brainwash you. And from one generation to another, the brainwashing ever stops. So our motto of the show today is better to wash your nose than to wash your brain. Well, it's real difficult to tell your kids that you've been an idiot. Your whole life. Just stick Pavel Burian. You know, when in daddy will suck out those blackheads on there. Molly is a little androgynous looking. You know, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Is this Miami or four loader? I'm in Miami. Well, wherever you are, well, look around. If there's a lot of guys with guns, it's probably Miami. Okay. No, I just wanted to say the. I look like there's a big crack problem in the highway that's probably Miami. Hey, I hope that. If the mayor is running around with a bandana around his forehead screaming. That's probably Miami. Okay. I just hope that Reba is listening up and broken. The thing that came out over the weekend for this real. Yeah. That the head rebel is the orthodox church there. Some lighteners. They are said that they're allowed to pick their burgers on the savet. They can't cut their hair. They can't cut their hair. All right. And this is the monumental decisions these guys are making. And I see now I think a problem is initial. This is like their head rebel. And of course, we really need our rabbis to tell us whether we can pick our nose or not, right? That's going to be Thomas. What do they can pick the seeds out of our. I'm sure not. How? See it in this morning, man. Oh, good. I couldn't believe it. Yeah, I can believe it. So hammer them all day long. Hammer them. Yeah. Okay. That's no. A great PayPal. And like his own. It's all a bunch of bubble micees. Okay. Bubble micees. 13 years old. I'm getting private tutoring for my bar mitzva. And this Reba, who's 87 years old, Mr. Batinsky. He tells me. And this man was a great scholar of all religions. The Old Testament, the New Testament, the Quran books that haven't been written yet. Bubble micees that haven't been invented yet. And he says it's all bubble micees. It's all a bunch of fairy tales. And I looked at him and I said, Yeah. And that was the end of that. And thank God for that. Thank God. For at least having the last the 13th of a 42 years of my life, without being encumbered by all of that religious horse crap. I was white. And I was in Jane Robo, that's her name on CBS this morning. And they have to encumber us with her wedding, which nobody cares. And yes, I did turn the channel taking my own advice. But why are they doing that? But the one thing that was the most disturbing about her wedding was that he gave us another opportunity to see their in the church. They're walking around with all these these things. These, uh, miters. What do they call those things? Uh, the cross on a stick. What do they call that thing? Yeah. It's a cross on a stick. Oh, now that guy's going to get upset again. He's going to go out and put those nails in the hammers right back up his uh... Right. Did you see the sensors where they waved in it? The one? The titsis? Yeah, she was waiting for a titsis in the breeze. She was. I didn't think the female's worths titsis. Something else had large titsis. But in her case, Jane Robo, I don't think so. You ought to see what she married by the way. Wow, they had to put that on here. Man, this guy looked like her grandpa with one of those big moustaches must be loaded. Must have lots of money. But they showed all this, uh, this archaic ceremony there in the church. And they're like, how can it try to bother me? But it will bother me. And I'm thinking to myself, wow, what is with you people? How could you be so stupid to participate in all of this hocus pocus? This nonsense that went out with knickers with a knickerbockers. And they are. They really are. God, what a business. How are all in the wrong business? You know, there's. No, God. Anyway, here's this fact that I've been threatening to read for days. Neil, I wanted you to know that thanks to you, I'm no longer a Mormon. After hearing so many colors regarding the Mormon church and after my 20 years of being a staunch member of said church, I decided to do some major research as in research in the church. Oh, and let me interrupt myself. This last night on the news, this is the ultimate. This is the ultimate in television insanity. To show you how crazy these people are. They've been showing the Pope, you know, staggering and he all fell down and mass on Sunday. And he's like, uh, he's a breath away, a breath away from the one good cup of tea. That'll be just like the previous Pope, one bad cup of tea, but I've been so on channel four, they slow mode and freeze frame. They give us an instant replay like an abolgan. I swear to God, they showed him staggering and then the, uh, his boyfriend, whoever the other one is reaching over the guy with the dress, reaching over and grabbing him before his pussy at the ground. Slow mode and freeze frame instant freaking. A right replay. Did you see the Virgin Mary on the other side? Ready to catch him? No, she was handing out the wafer's. At any rate after hearing so many colors regarding the Mormon church and after my 20 years of being a stonch member of said church, I did the side of the do some major research says this, uh, this faxer. I started with a history of the Mormon church and was shocked to discover that the first vision story, which the church bases its entire foundation on never happened. They always claimed that Joe Smith saw God in Jesus Christ in 1820, yet there never appears a hint or trace of this occurrence, either in any newspaper or church history, or a secular historical record. And it only appears as an obvious afterthought in the year 1842. That's nothing. Joe Smith took credit for translating a book which was supposedly in reformed Egyptian that only he understood, yet in 1978 when they gave this material to be why you Egyptologist, they were shocked to find that his translation was completely wrong. I'd be like that. The book they called Pearl of Great Price is where they came up with most of their false doctrine about the black race being inferior to whites. Brigham Young stated, anyone mixing their blood with a black race will immediately be put to death. He must never see an outcome. The black people will never be allowed to receive the priesthood and many other bullshod crap that's an insult to humanity. You know what the big guns of the church lived when they found out that Joe Smith's translation was full of shot? They simply decided to allow the black to be given the priesthood. Old Brigham must have died again when that happened, he says. And the prophets of the church have never made a mention to the Mormon members about the false prophecy. Prophecy's old George Moe came up with from his Dickam imagination. And that was in the pelmae in New York wasn't it? Does it name any of those prophecies? There's so much more, but I won't bore you, but rest assured the Mormon church is not the truth. Church has acclaimed to be. Please be a prophet among the people and communicate to them. If anyone would be interested in finding out all the lies the church tells people to get them converted, just visit the wicked web and enter research on Mormonism. They will find URL after you are ill filled with the truth about this diabolical cult. By the way, you can also find out about their funny underwear and secret rituals in the temples too. For example, did you know they changed what a torment in their temple vase in the year 1900. Thanks to a leak in the U.S. government. They actually use splits of throats of any traders, the effectors, adulterers, unbelievable. They used to do that and then of course, so it slipped out. And the knife too. It's a good thing no church would do that anymore. Maybe OJ is a moron Mormon. And so there it says, happy new year to you and happy new life to me. Thanks to you. I won't sign this for obvious reasons. I like my neck to remain unsliced. Oh, there's the anonymous facts here. Former Mormon, now a free person to thinker. Just with prophesied that there were people living on the moon and on the sun. And when we discovered the technology to go there, he would be proven right. Yeah. A little bit of book. I read a piece of that. And they're not people living on the moon. Eating green cheese. You better get with it, Mr. Next thing you're going to start making comments about Orlando Elzagiri again if you don't watch yourself. Fellow Julio and you're picking a, that's what I don't understand. Oh, good. Pickin' on a fellow spick. Shameless. Miami. Hello. Come on, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a sports fan down here in Miami for baseball, football, hockey, basketball. The whole work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We would be down here without Wayne, I think, for baseball, football, and hockey. Well, what does that mean? In other words, from what I understand recently, I know a lot of your comments. You really are not crazy about Wayne. I despise Wayne. Like, why is it without? I said, I don't know. You asked me a question. Would you like an answer? Do you want to make a speech? No, I'd like to know where we would be with those sports facilities without him. Let me say it again. I, you know, when he first started with this deal with bringing us hockey and before that baseball, and then he bought the dolphins, then he bought the stadium and he named it after himself and all the other crap and then he sold it in. Let me say it to you again. Wayne, high-zingo, appeared to be Santa Claus in the beginning, but he had no nothing about public relations and he made the comment in sunshine or traffic magazine about four years ago where he said, I didn't buy the marlins or get into sports for the fan. I did it as a business man. I did it to make money. Basically, he said he didn't care about the fans, which is one of the few honest things he'd ever said in his life. And if you respect people that were appreciate that, I'm sorry. That's not my idea. And you know something else, as much as I love hockey and I'm glad the panthers have got to know where Reno right next to my house starting next year, as much as I love hockey. You know something, there are more important things in life than sports. I know that they come as a great shot to you, but somehow this community survived without the marlins, without the panthers. And you know something if the dolphins disappeared tomorrow, I'd almost be glad because I'm sick and tired to hear about the goddamn dolphins already. And about Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny, it is so ponderous and so on to mention here, this is not a sports town. This is a football town. That's only no permanent town. Well, hockey's taken a little. Yeah, out of here. I heard default talking with Joe this morning at 9 to 9. 20. I'm sitting in here and I'm like, I got the radio on. I'm listening because they had Tory on there in the coach show. And I'm listening. And they're talking about the panthers this for five minutes. And what do we need? And some of these old guys are going to be going to have to get rid of them. The first caller, the first call they go to say, I got asked you questions about the dolphin. Last time I checked the dolphin season was over, sir. It is long, long, over. It's history. I don't disagree with you. Even if they end up in third place in their standing, there's nothing like that. It does bring sports to the people down here in the South Florida. Yeah. And so what is that going to win? It's going to be an action. So what does that change? What does that change? What I'm trying to say is it brings a lot of sports fans down here. Something to them to watch or look for. Do you know something? I got two satellite dishes last night. I watched part of the Rangers League game, which made me cry. I watched the Panther Colorado game made me cry even worse. I watched some of the Boston New Jersey game, which was a hell of a game. I watched the Islanders Break, their losing streak and tie the Red Wings one to one. I watched parts or all of five different games last night. I never left my living. How do you like that? Well, a lot of people down here can't afford to satellite stuff like that. Oh, sorry. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Most people down here can afford to be raped by Wayne and the other owners and go and spend a hundred bucks or two hundred bucks to take a couple of kids in their way to a game. All right. I agree with you. Do you know how many satellite dishes? Some of the small dishes you could install if you went to like a half dozen games during the season. That's true. But I'm not one of those people. In fact, I don't even go to the games that isn't my budget to go. There is a little bit of a way to win a minute. But why isn't it in your budget to go? Because it's over price, isn't it? Of course. Of course. We are hands in these and thank Wayne for a gouging the public and with all these ridiculous prices. Well, baseball really isn't except that you got to pay more to pocket car and how to go to the next day. We also thank Wayne for buying a world series and then giving away the whole team and the talk and crap about how he's going to sell it and threatening to move it unless they build up another $250 million state if should we get on our hands and he's in thank him for that. No, I agree with you. So you thought it was a business. Yeah. And a man isn't in the business. When you know something if he infested money in the Marlins and they drew over 3 million people the first year and this is the same man who announced this year that if they sold out every seat for every game he would still lose money. You know what it says? He's not well, that's what he said. Not at the bunch. But that's what he said. I know that's what he said. Well, so sir, let me say to you again, if that's the case, you know what it makes him a bad business man. Well, he's he doesn't become a multi-millionaire being a bad business man. Well, you know, see the thing in sports is you don't have them in the not believe there are many choices. But when you have waste management and you drive all the other garbage people out of business in all these places, when you have blockbuster entertainment and you drive all all the modern pop video stores and you create monopolies, then it's a different story. But in this business, Wayne has to learn something about public relations, which he has never and will never learn because all he knows is the muscle business. That's the only business Wayne Heisenton knows is the muscle business. Oh, I got a community on that one. Well, you go and have a nice day. I was easy. Well, you know, I have to talk about that was an easy convert. Only the Mormons wish they could convert him that quick. Even the guy I'm wish they could make converts as fast as that flag on the air. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. How you doing? I wanted to call you because I was wondering what was going on with a TV contact for the NFL. Yeah. I had the NBC does the contract with the NFL. And he is out there out. Yeah. And everything, you know, Monday night, been at the ABC. Oh, I mean, NBC is still far. Well, why didn't Bob with anybody want NBC to get Monday night? No, no, I'm talking about. I'm going to wait watching those three, you wax dummies. Frank different. They're all Michaels. You're 4. If it's great, watching those wax dummies out there alone.onic Trump, I was just wondering, just the schedule for the next year. You know, waiting for next year to see where í•´, well, if I were relax there and then we will watch they watch the pages turn on the calendar. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Who knows man? Call my life right there. That man right there is the epitome of WQAM. He's the epitome of everything. It's wrong with this radio station, this country, this state, this town, this universe, this planet. I mean, it's just on here's what the epitome he wants to get his calendar all set for next year his life revolves around which network is gonna be carrying the god damn football games Those great games like let's watch San Diego against Carolina. There's a good one for you. Oh my god. Oh, oh Get a life sweetheart get a life get a semblance of a lot gotten by a book Go out and get a rubber raft and just to take off and maybe land in someplace interesting You might discover life just like Christopher Columbus. Yeah, he's got to get it all in order now, okay? Because obviously if he waited until next fall It would be it would be a tremendous a burden on him like maybe to pick up the TV guide or the newspaper or even just surf the channels a little bit Which he probably ain't capable of doing and finding oh there's the game right there looks like money I'd football. No, he's sitting there turning the pages of the calendar right now because there is no life after your football I'm gonna tell you something football is used to be great Then I would say it was somewhat enjoyable now it blows it blows It is mostly such garbage and these these mindless assholes who his whole life is wrapped up And it makes no difference what Dr. K put other this still eat leave it live and breathe in this town It's all I can talk about just like all this dolphin talk. I mean another fantasy season they stop exactly They were pathetic the last game of the regular season for home field advantage and to play off the Patriots are trying the hand you the game here's any here's a stupid play third and one We're gonna throw it in complete. There's another stupid play up on 11 yards nice going here's the game Oh, we don't want it. We don't want it. Sorry they stuck in embarrassment But don't tell the people in this town. Hey, what do you think about your esteemings? Good jockey used to look pretty good too. I always get no here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir And what's the problem man? You you you you say you don't want to talk about football. Tell the boss I mean I rather listen to football Bagus all of them. What are you listening for? I mean you know, let me say it again. What are you listening to the show for if you don't want to just fuck I don't want you know Fagus and shit. Okay. Another there's another articulate cool for you right there. There you go I rest my case Another one of those people I was talking about the other day and every other word is if this and if that as in mobile Your money beauty do you want to hear sports man and two or the other 20 are you'll get more football? You can stick it up your back though. What you can do with it. Okay? Because you got the IQ of a fruit fly. If I watch it show up for the path is you can make it when you're feeling lucky Spread them and say cheese. I want to bang in the front good news this morning ladies and gentlemen I have great news. It's called oh I changed the bank. Sure about that well if I wouldn't have the good news I might be doing that right now man. Oh man. This could be the last day hopefully I pray that you'll ever hear even one word I Miss subject on this show no more hemorrhides no more bad BMs no more any of that stuff I got some great doctor stuff from yesterday. We're gonna hear about that again. Yes Yes, you're gonna hear about it and I do want to remind myself be sure and tell these people no more magnets Okay, say note to magnets say note a quacks say note a cultist peddling magnets not everybody He was listening the first couple days. I was back on the air and I'm gonna tell you right now Anybody gives you a song an advance about magnets for your feet for your anose for your rectum for your our back Run like a son of a bitch and call a cops This is it's a cult. It's a pyramid. It's the biggest fraud in the history mankind But anyway, so I go yesterday to another doctor Which I hope Dr. Mark on the beach doesn't get all psychotic, but he's not an asshole doctor So you know he wasn't the guy would go to in this case because I'm getting tired of this whole hemorrhide business and Talking about it and creams and repositories and the frozen finger and all that other crap all of that fingers kind of getting interesting I was getting used to it. So I go over to the Cleveland clinic to my doctor over there and He sticks his finger you know well everybody Everybody when you go to this place, everybody wants to get you know a little piece They want to stick their finger in there and see what's going on and he gets on the phone and he calls over to another building He says we've got the world greatest colorectal specialist and he's gonna meet you right over there Such as such building in three minutes and I race over there. I got a card with his name on it I go I say how do they grow at the desk? He says have a seat I said I do have one, but it's killing me and I sit down wait like only a couple of minutes and they call me in and now here is a team You would have thought Oh seriously you would have thought that there was gonna be Dr. Michael DeBakey was waiting inside there. There was gonna be open heart surgery I mean there's about a first there's two or three people and there's four or five and there's a whole room full of people and here's the doc Who is just come out of a meeting? Wrathlessly stillness cities with his suit on. It says you'll have to take my word. I'm a doctor and these people get me down on my knees. Can I say that? Get my pants down. I'm on my knees crossed over this thing and here's a whole room full of people inspecting my rectum I mean you talk about service with the smile and First it's a finger and then it's at least I'm assuming because you can't see what's going on behind you. Okay. I'm assuming it was a finger Just feel like a prick and there's all this other stuff and then I think that's another big boy Don'tscape whatever the call he's got this long snake. It felt like a snake and I'm telling it's not the most pleasant procedure and what he's preparing me for is that we're gonna do this rubber band thing right there When it down pop those babies out any looks in there and Okay pull up your pants again. We're all done and by the way when I'm crouching there, of course The most embarrassing part of this whole procedure is there's shove in all of this stuff Oh geez you can hear it you could feel it and you can hear of course you know they're snickering Okay because you can't possibly hold that gas back anymore because there's you know Why it open spaces baby and you're thinking oh man I had no burritos today. What tell that I have? What did I have I think I absolutely nothing else did we have a lunch thank God for that And I'm thinking of I so I know this is disgusting, but I'm thinking to myself People in this profession do they ever get people in this position then you know what I'm saying? They must they might oh Oh man, maybe that's why they were wearing those spatter proofs box But I mean what a horrendous thing to be in so to speak so anyway I know thank I'm thinking though and one of the people was a woman two by the way They were like five guys and a woman and I'm like oh and I thought oh geez That's really just the grossest thing. You know she's she's back. There's snickering Yes, she was dark. She was snickering But at any rate so I get my pants back up and I feel very comfortable Well, thank God this is all over. We're looks a story He said you've only got like two little hemorrhards and he shows me draws me a little diaphragm He says you don't need any rubber bands and you don't need any operation And you don't need this you and then he throws back at me one of my favorite lines Which I have told you people for years especially you faggot's out there if you want to stay alive And that is that the human rectum is a one-way street It's for stuff going out not for things going in except an occasional maybe once a year Proctologist finger during an exam. Let me say it again the rectum is strictly outgoing and that's what he told me Through the line right back in my pussy said the no suppositories no creams no vaseline No offrozen finger and I thought what am I gonna do now? In other words, this is kind of like well, this is all much to do about nothing And I go home with a big smile on my push that I think well, this is great only what happens now What happens when that nasty itching and burning starts again and low and behold last night just before I went to bed I think about the been a hockey game started the itching and burning again another great panther loss And I thought oh, this is this is murder. I've got to do something and so luckily Thanks to that one guy who told me about the tucks by the way the tucks medicated pads for your rectum and I did a little number with one of those I went to bed. I woke up this morning and had a tremendous normal spectacular Oh, thank the Lord. I'm ready to turn to religion and today I feel like a new man. I cannot begin to put into words either a no words in the universe to describe What a relief and here this other guy the magnet guy which I'm not gonna mention his name yet on here this guy who Pettled me the magnets and practically made me a cripple with my feet. He was ready to do the rubber bands Oh, yeah, well, you will do one at a time and it's a hundred bucks of pop Right, and he was already do I'm telling you just like I was saying yesterday about the dogs and the veterinarians and about doctors They're already to snip and to snap whatever the operation of the week is whatever the is the trendy current thing like that gallbladder thing Does anybody remember that? I sure do I remember my gallbladder all it's a piece of cake and by a piece but I've worked and they're doing 50,000 a day $3,000 Thank you, or was it 6,000 who knows because the insurance companies brand it don't care We're not supposed to care either so thank you doctors at the Cleveland Clinic I had a wonderful that's the news okay put it on billboards all over town So there's a lesson for all of you out there that are suffering no more nothing in there No one knows him or it and annual saw and anus saw and suppositories and creams and elements and vaseline et cetera When and out leave them out so thank you again doctors. I feel a bit assertely I feel better today than I have in four months. I feel almost human. Hey guys really want to impress your team John Paul Wow Let's go watch Play foot you down That's what it's cool So round Count in my friend down as we yell Five Oh Five I say I'm so excited because Five Also with you One is funny but now don't go mess it up can you find it to get down Look out now Look out now Look out now Look out now When you get there Where he's down into those things you get hairy Everyone knows it's very scary And say I feel merry when you come Five Oh I hope Please say I choose a big guy and the Five Both The guy who was born a catcher was one you say And the man Can you live and don't get off of the ground You can't live and don't get off of the ground You can't live and don't get off of the ground You feel fast Don't know why you stay until I'm dancing Shake me hands with cash roll Everyone knows about cash roll Put your grunty asshole and they say Why? Don't be a adult I think you should be swinging from a Five Also when you get to Cuba now don't be stupid now When you meet with buddha Tell that asshole that's going to help You can't hold you Don't be stupid Tell that asshole that's going to help Farewell It is nominated for a brilliant spirit Who's something why the hell that I come to Cuba Here's Miami. Hello Hi, New York. Yes sir. I'm corner tell you about these Cuban people here in my on Cuban right? I'm a student FIU Yes, and these people there. They're so pissed off because of the folks going to Cuba And they should be sure they should be what they'll Is the pork doing over there to man can barely stand up what you're going to do I'm an atheist with another dictator No, I'm an atheist but what I'm just trying to prove a point here Go ahead. They also go to the good job They also get pissed off because of the embargo They want to keep the embargo I've been doing a lot of studies on how the embargo was affecting Cuba Yes sir, and a lot of people are suffering So my whole idea is these Cuban people here They get to enjoy going to the hospital Getting medical attention. They get to enjoy going to church if they believe in something And yeah, I'm praying. They get you know, and then that's why I mean, my self at school I can't relate with anybody because I'm I'm social I called a few weeks ago to tell you that I was a socialist A few weeks ago Yeah, and the thing is I this from the stomach in just There's no but the thing is really you know Yes, this is it's injustice because a lot of these Cuban people here They are they have so much money and they will they or you jealous or what No, I'm not alone. No, no, no, that's why I put in myself through college Yeah, I work for you. Good for you. No, no handouts for this guy But the whole thing is these people want to live a good life and sacrifice The people in Cuba. Oh, yeah, we got to keep the embargo going. I don't care Well thank god Levi Hernandez doesn't have that attitude Look at all the money he sent his brother. Yeah, right not as in Don't trust you. No way I'm supposed to get these these people here addicted They contradict themselves because they themselves they want to allow other Cubans I don't think so. What would you say there's a lot of Cuban hypocrites? Is that what you're saying? You're saying that? I don't believe it Yeah, I don't know. That's why they fit in here so well Yeah, all right now have a great day I think he's a good luck. Well, there's a guy who's all pissed off. Good for anti me In fact, that's what that's what Levi told L. Duke when he asked him for some money I will I give it to you. That's what he told him He said you make it the big bucks with the Marlins your millionaire now They've demoted me because of you because you defected and now I'm I'm desperate I'm making eight dollars a year or whatever the hell it is I'm plowing in the fields over here I'm playing on some sandlot team. I need some money I'm going to have to defect myself and go out of the Bahamas and get your Cuba to be my agent And make eighty billion dollars. Well, me some money Levi I will I give it to you. All right. So what did the guy say? I wasn't really paying much attention He's a He's a self-hating spick like you are you should relate to him He's pissed off of these two bins that are first of all this business with a Pope coming there next week I mean this is it's really amusing Because there's this tremendous conflict now with a lot of the Cuban people on the one hand as much as they've been brainwashed by the Catholic church Oh, well pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop a smoke that wrote all whatever now it is But then on the other hand the Pope is going to come there and cozy up to Fidel Now maybe the Pope is the one that's going to stick to stuff in his cigar or in his beard or in his shoes In his rectum which might have the whole reason that that communism fell over in Russian so he had union I'm here there and they're not on the news I'm making a pardon that a Pope that we're giving him credit for I thought it was during the Cold War I thought it was Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Pope that's you know well, oh listen away they cover this thing of course because there were a fade They might offend somebody if they tell you the truth all in Tony cigarette was on there again on channel six Oh, the part that that by Baba and that Ike's seamen. I'm going to tell you something There's our asshole of the year. Ike's seamen's on channel six. Look up the word suckhole in the dictionary And you'll see his picture next to it. So anybody who wonders is I did out loud for a long time How come this guy who needs to be a big hot shot correspondent for NBC network is now here in Miami To station that most people can't pick up on her set because he's a suckhole because he blows what are this grace if he's not doing his Parachio for the Harold or Mickey Harrison he's doing a perichio for the Pope the Pope's parrot. Ike's seamen's disgraceful What are the disgrace you are I don't call us anymore either. We don't want to talk here. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil, how are you doing? Great. I like the opportunity to respond to that jerk who's called you like I've heard him call you two every time you tell me calls. He says that he's a student of Cuban student and he's an ace is which is fine Because that's why you're in this country to the door whatever that you want with so many criticizing hope that's why That is why we don't want to send anything over to Cuba because if we can do to send over things to Fidel You think he's ever going to get the hell out of there? I got no support of this show this on right now on this radio You can call up and state whatever you want Neil could say whatever you want. Well, they don't like to do that over there Paul and we continue to send over that stuff that I jerk off. It's going to continue to be there forever But we should have sent somebody that I'll do kiddo just to keep him there You know, he's got the right to do whatever you want to nothing that's the whole point over there We don't have the right to do whatever they how we want to do or say whatever we want to say And if we continue to send things over there when they're headed that they're going to get down out of there Oh, brother one. I don't know. I don't know if that's the answer if this stuff's anything's over there But I wish you as hell don't want him there forever But to think the people who want to have the right to speak like what you think of you and you say whatever that you want to say and talk about your origin all that stuff It's right and I bet you most of them have got a bad case from Fidel Absolutely give them the right to speak over there that jerk off. Okay, you're pretty better He's a cute one. Oh, and I've heard that not me You can't be similar Like that Help You We just can't use Yeah, you're in the wrong way too long Can't You are Too long you've laughed That the day of things should have worked It's a you make me sick Get out of you but quick You are so God damn it You and me go son of a bitch So many just to love They fall we know you like Are you behind the strike Well, are you in 60 free Did you kill can that More than More than More than More than More than You're not now in the Your nation are you in To mass up Station We'll live The Jambago Cuba will become another key Log of you Say You say With certain rules All the raps and laws away Loser Yes, oh get out of Cuba We just can't use Just you're in the wrong way too long Oh Yes, oh you are really bad I can't belong you last The pay up things should have worked I want to tell you six You're not a shoe but quick You are so God damn rich You are me God son of a bitch They fall we know you like Are you behind the strike Where were you in 63 Did you kill can that More than Where the More than More than That now in the Your nation are you in To mass up Station We'll live the Jambago You are really coming to the Log of you say You say With all the raps and laws away You say You say You say You say I say I say Okay this last guy was worked up And rightfully so about the other collar Actually I wasn't really paying too much attention to the other collar Because I just mentioned 85,000 different things And he starts a hawk and a trunic about What the Pope is going to do all these good things And about the idea And then it turns around and he's the atheist Cuban How can he be an atheist and have any How can you be a thinking person Have any respect for the Pope walking around this People old man in the dress Spuing stone age mentality and hatred Wherever he goes But he never met a dictator we didn't like That's right the Pope never met a dictator That he didn't like But you think he wears a dress in a beanie for huh Mr. Machu over there in the Vatican We need him here like we need him or it's coming back But just got rid of him and we're going to have him back Jesus don't miss the big I know that the Lord even loves new Rogers Former Minister charged with pistol whipping a man Also operated and drug-wring a prosecutor says Charles Evans was the senior pastor for 17 years At the Trinity Assembly of God Church in Del Tona If his case goes to court the testimony of 201 The alleged the campuses will be used to prove that Evan's be Jason Wheeler over several several Several thousand dollars stolen from the alleged drug ring Assistant state attorney Greg Pine and told the Orlando Sentinel And returned for their testimony Matt Clark and Frank Cuba TA Sound like a frog to me We'll receive full immunity and no drug charges We follow against you to them or Evan So do you like that another minister gone wrong gone bad gone sour They're speaking tongues there They do tongues? Oh by the way, most guys knew I'd answer jealous of car machine number five Cause it got eaten this morning It got ate at least one of the car's got eaten at machine Hey listen, it's a good thing Because if all the car's getting eaten in all those machines They may have to actually go out and buy new cartics If they're all like filled with tape all mangled up inside of them We can work on these all the way Think it already does that And then on the bottom Oh, this is something first of all I'll tell you again I'm listening to a man that's driving home yesterday And he's got a guy on here and one of these real Joc guys who all he knows lives in Eton breed the stupid sports And the guys telling them about how on Sunday He was really torn because on the one hand He definitely had to watch his green bay peckers when they're ball game But on the other hand there were not one but two Golf tournaments going on at the same time And he was torn as to which one he was going to tape Now I'm going to tell you right now people who watch if you want to go out and play golf or some exercise That's fine. That's up to you or keep you out off the streets But people who watch golf on television have a mental problem I mean there's something desperately desperately wrong with watching golf You talk about ponderous and tedious and no action Even assuming that it was interesting to watch what it's not But professional golf is and always has been a blue nose sport Remember all the big semis that we had a couple of years ago He started talking about Tiger Woods and then last year And this year oh my god, this is the greatest thing We got a guy who's black he's Taiwanese he's this he's that and it wouldn't let this guy in there And he goes there to go all gasta and he sticks it up there And knows and he wins the master's he's got the jacket on and he's making millions of dollars And they didn't even want black guys anywhere near that joint And that was supposed to be a big deal. It's a blue nose deal is what professional golf is all about Just a bunch of newty blue noses And that's what I called me to tell yesterday was it Hank the day before about that was it managed yesterday about Oh well the Scottish rules in Scotland this guy go put your kills up But you'll see if you got anything there which I doubt you asshole the Scottish rules Go play your bag pipes will your pal. I got a chance to go over here So the Sun Sentinel says fairness and tradition must prevail walk is part of golfers challenge says who does any of you Walking is pretty damn tough. Well, it is if you're handy cat. I've had it then you got like a leg that's like all atrophy and can barely walk Right that being precious. Yeah, well, that's this that's this guy That's the guy that all that synthesis all about the guy Casey Martin who was born with his handicap And happens to be a pretty damn good golfer for those who care about it And you would think that anybody with any balls anybody with a brain would have the guts to say okay. Well, this this is a wonderful human interest story here We're always seeing all these crips playing every other kind of sport. Here's a quick who's doing this here's a guy with no arms. He's a doing that and You know, and we always applaud these people for their courage and setting an example for everybody else and you too can do it a bapa bapa bbp right I can't believe you're staying crib should say Kim how's the crib and that would run the asset how's the crib? Oh, how's the crib? I thought he said I was the crib talking about Tommy Kramer again So anyway, this thing goes I'm reading this editorial this morning sitting on the throne and man it worked like a trial by the way I mean I was moving at big time and he's talking about how you know walking the course and can Venturi almost croaked or a heat exhaustion You know something that's a polygraph nobody even the even the assholes that watch golf on television are not interested in watching the golfer Is walking the course if they all got on a cart it would speed it up it would make it much less boring and much less pondress and stamina has got a little or nothing to do with it People are golf is all about hitting the ball and putting the ball and being able to play good golf. That's what it's all about But the best part of this it says if Martin is allowed to use a cart because of leg problems should Fred couples be allowed to use a cart because of this problems that from time to time Campus ability to compete you think What a hell not the contorting nature of the golf swing often causes back problems among the pros should a golfer with a severe lump bag will be exempted from walking the course And the sun sent me'll says absolutely not to allow only certain golfers to use carts is unfair to others To permit all golfers to use carts is unfair to the traditions of the game as an excuse me my nose is way way up in the air You people of the sun sent me'll are a bunch of assholes man. I in my life including the Harold any any rag I've ever read I have never read anything so arrogant so obnoxious so unacceptable so disgusting as this Swill at you wrote in there this morning. It's unfair to the traditions of the game as in well Let's keep all the blacks out. Let's keep all the coins out. That was a tradition of the game Let's not ever change because it's tradition like slavery that was traditional to is the Sun Sentinel favorite slavery Maybe that was traditional for a hell of a long time for like a couple of hundred years here You miserable bastard over there to sunset. You haven't got a brain in your rectum man First they want us to go ahead and build a $300 million stadium because we desperately have got to have a baseball team here God forbid Even if we wind up taxing people for it, but on the other hand if this poor guy who are you and there's like they said this morning On the worst team not there's not one guy on the on the professional tour who's got the balls including Tiger Woods with his millions of dollars for being a mediocre piece of turd A freaking golfer and he's making millions of dollars. You had a kiss the goddamn ground and Not one of them is got the balls to say hey this so this is wrong. You know to discriminate against this guy if he can play this good And I hear guy saying well, he's not really a threat to them. Well, what does that mean? He's not a threat to them. Are they that much of a bunch of a pussy's what they mean is they could beat them up? I think I think what they ought to do is say guys that have had cancer like Arnold Palmer shouldn't be allowed to play the game anymore How's that that old fart who really needs the money badly on that seniors tour? Where you got these guys talk about carts those those are and of course those guys can have carts by the way the old parts That's okay because they're old What if this guy brought like a wheelchair you know electric powered wheelchair then all the guys are gonna want wheelchairs trouble maker There's this is so unbelievable to me that a major market alleged newspaper What right it is absolutely unfair. It's absolutely not allow it to oh man If there was an alternative if there was like anything to read that had anything to do with life in in this town Besides these two garbage newspapers man. I'd guide the I walked 10 miles to find one while I'd use a golf cart Wouldn't walk that far. I'm no fart like me and by the way Who's gonna be doing the panther games on radio now? I have a little story by the way that you're not familiar with that nobody else knows, but I'll tell you anyway I don't want to say which Radio play by play guy for the panthers was not just overheard us saying but with screaming about a couple of weeks ago on our last road trip before this one When the rumors about us getting Dino Cicerolli started because Cicerolli happens to be rumors best buddy for years going back to Washington and whatever And the certain play by play guy and by the way, maybe you can answer what time is Chris more on Says in the press room where all the press people are he says well, I'll tell you one thing If we ever get Dino Cicerolli on this team, I'm walking out. I'm finished. I'm true That was that Mickey any sense to you other than the fact that he happens to be rumors good friend What would be the reason for that? I mean Dino is a reasonable guy. I don't think Brian Bradley likes him too much But nevertheless he never stole a free train so what time is Chris more on huh? Because I guess we're gonna have to find somebody else to do those games because we got Dino I guess that means Chris more on his unaway out because he's already stated publicly lots of witnesses is what I heard we get Dino He's out he's leaving top hop on hop off hop aboard. How about hell? That goes hop off hop on this jump on Z here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah, yes, sir I want to talk about Casey Martin. Yes, sir I want to let you know your comments are right on that newspaper yesterday Had a comment about somebody having a I think was full of follow or something at a bad toe and he was complaining about the He had a walkable course. It doesn't have anything to do with a little bad toe. I mean the guy has a true disability and The car is a lot more than it's not gonna go away. It's not writing like he's got a bad back and it'll go away next week Exactly. I mean the car brings him up to the level that these other guys are at and they're just a bunch of Wassees that are afraid of being beaten by a guy with a distance of walking the courses if walking for most people Such a big song to then nobody like I said before watch his golf if they do because they want to see guys walking and taking this long Ponderous thing. Who cares about that? Let's speed it up a little. Let's get everybody on a carton speed up and get some action going for a coin I love so it doesn't have to kill four hours every afternoon right on you. Okay, pal. Thank you so much What a bunch of spinalists, blue nose, spoiled panty waste bastards. They all are and for a kid like Tiger Woods who's been given this opportunity of a lifetime was now a Multi-multime multi-multime millionaire Rat who was formerly this guy's roommate by the way and I heard them talking this morning about how when he used to take this brace off his leg His leg would swell up like a goddamn bowling ball. I mean as kid this Their Casey Martin evidently. I'm not saying that the golfers are great athletes. It's all relative But nevertheless within the context of that so-called sport he is very courageous and a hell of a story But screw him because like the Sun Sentinel said I still can't believe this to permit all golfers to use carts Is unfair to the traditions of the game. Maybe it's time to change the traditions of the game Have you ever thought about that you blew those assholes at the Sun Sentinel? Who probably busy every afternoon out there playing golf and pulling each other's part is that way you're doing out there You ask whole idiots you. I mean I've read a lot of garbage being in this town for 22 years in both papers But I'm telling you man, this this just takes the cake see or narrowly It's just it's just not the proper it's not politically correct to take that position number one And not not that being politically correct is important But it goes to show you how important being a blue nose really is it even transcends political correctness Which our newspapers of course almost always try to do like the thing with this stadium We don't care if it is taxpayers money We don't care if it's Wayne who's probably lied to us again and go to keep the baseball team We must have a baseball stadium and a sawgrass people are the ones to build it This is a great start. Let's get halfway to first base and yada. That's the politically correct answer as opposed to tell them stick it up your ads Because our schools are overcrowded and we don't have money to do anything down here and a city of Miami is going bankrupt and is a joke And your priorities are all screwed up that would not be the politically correct thing to say here's my any hello Hey Chris Moran gone. I'll be great from back up with that jet fan back on a jet and back in New York Okay, that would be great but anyway this case he Martin thing man You know I'm getting so tired of it when when I look I used to walk home from school every day And why my brother took to bus and I kicked his ass when I got home. Okay. I walked okay He's guys have got to get a shape and golf a sport. It's not a sport. It's a game right exactly He didn't well said so I'm very well said. I mean listen I go fishing on the weekend But I'm not gonna say I'm gonna do the sport of fishing over the weekend Yeah, give me a break man. These this is just ridiculous, but but in any case But I was I was watching that OJ Simpson thing and I gotta tell you one of the crappy byproducts Was watching a lot of these black comics get up on stage and make fun of white people about the you know How white people react with the verdict or whatever. I see it all the time and if I was goldman I get to tell you I would have a long time ago I at least hired somebody to kill him. I'm serious. I'm serious. Yeah every time I see I was at the track last night I'm stupid the channels there before the racist started and sure enough My great luck come across the last 30 seconds of it and I will say this I crisp my ears from what they were saying this morning And little bit I saw because he was filming at the mouth even the last minute of that interview He evidently really put his feet to the floor and asked him some tough questions to catch you know Basically said you did it don't you want to say you did it said it would so on and firstly wouldn't You know and anybody that doesn't want to put a bullet through OJ's head is gotta be an imbesso Go in this this guy is the most disgusting He ought to be at the sunset and let or you look together In any case, you know I'm a minority. I mean I'm Hispanic and I'm just so sick and tired of watching You know minority high behind race or whatever take responsibility Damn it I'm just so tired of this same really Hey, I have a great day. Oh, that was a great call. There's a god. I have his own show 6 to 10 with a booster might be okay sounds good to me Yeah, what are we gonna do when Chris more on walks out now because we got Dean? No, do you don't think he's gonna change his mind do you if you're a couple? I want to bang in the butt coming with all the controversy over the Neil Rogers show We decided to run a comparison profile between Ed Watkins a new listener and Bob Bob new balls a WQA and veteran Ed would you mind telling us you're annual income? Oh, I'd say a 150,000 okay and Bob how much do you earn annually well? I don't know but I'm kind of sure it goes up when I donate my sperm I see a Ed what kind of card do you drive? I have a B&C3 Bob I've got me a 79 C10 that don't got any floor board on I add what are your thoughts about Neil's show on WQAM? No, I'm standing in entertaining. I'm an eclectic level Bob I'll tell you what they're ain't nothing like the boog and the sports babe Florida miss them why I could listen to sports all day for real man listens to sports all day long while this here Neil fellers a homo sexual misguided homo So boss hey don't you go call and me names I don't understand shut up ah, you gay boy lover get a life this concludes the WQA and listener profile you decide Okay, well we certainly do have a lot of men different kind of so I hear here's coral geobals Hello hey Neil how you doing okay sir? I'm a professional golfer and uh I kind of disagree with with this case You're a pretty smart thing you know if you if you've played a high level you know caliber golf That's not like just going out your buddies and running around and just slapping all over the park I mean the guy definitely has a distinct advantage by going out there planned with a card and and especially I can't we make an option well what if it doesn't make it the guy's got a card or not Well it's because of the fit fatigue factor How about we got to walk and when it went in then a hot peak of summer when it's 110 degrees I'm hard just breaks my heart man see that when you're talking about athletic ability When you're talking about golf ability you're talking about hitting the ball Pudding that's what you're talking about those are the two things you're talking about is hitting the ball Either off the tee or approach shots and putting is little zino about golf and Cara couldn't hear less That's what it's all about nobody cares about how big you are how strong you are those things should all be eliminated a guy that way 350 pounds should be able to you know have just as much opportunity if he's a great golfer And can do all the other has the skills that you know what make him a top golfer Nobody cares what they can walk 150 or 200 yards Well the point that the point is is though I know from playing when I take a card and play and as opposed to walking And play I know I'm definitely a lot more tired after I walk and I would get a card So there's no doubt about it. Well that's the point Like I said it should be optional how about let's take baseball's an example how about Alex Fernandez who looks about as much like an athlete Design who has gotten asked bigger than the building that I'm sitting in You think you think that he's a great athlete sure is it athlete of course based on what to throw a ball like he does Sure it takes up like it to sit on that mountain on I worked and pictures over definitely takes athletic ability There you go, but it's not about it Only only in a sense only in the sense that he can stand out there in a month and throw a baseball 90 or 95 miles an hour and Do whatever he does to get guys out that's what it's all about not because of the fact that he's in great shape Or he could walk from here to Montana when I break into a sweat nobody cares about that Well it's John Benbury's broken great athlete See you good out as you can turn athlete all he does is stand there in the goal medal night and say I got new I got new as for a John Ben Beezbrook is a hundred times the athlete that any professional golfer will ever be Let me say it again. He's a thousand times the athlete than any golfer will ever be do you watch hockey games Sure, and you think that all he does is stand there and far the net have you ever seen the goalie get the crash Didn't do like he has like last couple of games well if you knew it took the shoot 62 on a golf course Oh, go out here knows will ya go see which shade of round or blue it is this week? What it took to show to shoot a 62 out of it gives a flying crap on it takes the shoot a 62 on a god damn golf course And like the guy said before which was one of the best calls I've ever had in my life It's a game not a sport. It's a goddamn game and in this case it's a rich man's game For guys who either got a lot of money or have some sponsor that's gonna put them out there on the tour So then instead of getting a real job, they can go out there running around whack at a goddamn golf ball But don't tell me that because somebody's got a handy cap. He should be denied the opportunity to play a game Blue nose blue nose blue nose man. It makes you want a puke. Oh, yeah, they're great athletes See people are right. I'll give you an example Jockeys Jockeys is some of the greatest athletes in the world and yet in the very few people if you said well, you know We're the greatest athlete. Oh football players and golfers. Yeah, right ever watched the third bread horse race and seen the the danger and the the split second decisions that had to be made and how close those horses are go at a zin in miles and out to each other Big 2000 pound beasts with their mind of their own and here's this little guy weighs 102 pounds and he's sitting on there With their holding the reins and he's uh, you know, I'm gonna try to control this 2000 pound animal and get him to go to the right to the left To make them all just at the right time. These are unbelievable athletes Who's the better athlete? I would say Tiger Woods is the best athlete in the world is what I would say when you look great Hopefully here from a lot more blue noses and brown noses today because God if I could just learn what it takes to go out there in 2 to 62 or 69 You know even George who is as you know not a sports Buff to say the very best even he's pissed off I the more I think about the last call the angry I'm almost gonna get my piles back. I think from that car Oh, you're the tremendous amount of athletic lot of system and the tremendous amount of energy here. Oh, yeah First of all, they got a catty to carry the the catty's the one that I'll be making most of the money He's slipping around here getting all worked up carrying those heavy goddamn clubs on his back and every time you watch any Disgulf on TV which you can't avoid because on a weekend to fill the time that's all I got on there and they show you know the guy hits the ball And that's it and now he puts the club back in a bag the catty's like a hunched over He's carrying like a hundred pounds of bags on his back and now they walk very very slowly and casually up the course to the next Very very very slowly. I mean give me a freaking break. Okay, and this guy has the gall the on it to compare Any golfer and forget about the fact I'm a hockey fan and you comparison to the bees are you just happening to choose that But to a hockey player Just when the bees are standing out there on his skate shuffling his feet during the national anthem He's exerting more energy at that point than any golfer and any goddamn whole tournament put together You jackass you idiot you moron you blew those any Embersill actually roars escape me at this point to find that there could be any people that's stupid But I guess the whole golfing world that's a whole separate mentality there a blue nose mentality What's that expression again? An interesting oh yeah, it's unfair to traditions of the game That's right these great athletic But what do you expect from people are stupid enough to watch this crap? I mean you talk about having no life that you would sit and actually watch hours of this horse duty To watch a bunch of guys sitting there whack in a ball if you want to go out and play kids to exercise more power to you Taste a load But if you want to go out there and sit in your fat ass drinking beer watching a bunch of guys whack in it and the ball too And you got serious What the watch calls don't think beer Do they oh, I wouldn't think so maybe a little shabley Maybe a good key anti with some phaba beans Yeah, and I'm sure that some of you did watch and shame on you the entire OJ I think I always this morning. I was turning on was NBC and they had a good piece on it They had one of the attorneys from the civil case the Goldman's attorney from the civil suit and He told it exactly the way it is. I mean just precisely and they showed some of the clips and Chris Meyer was getting All popped up in the face and read in the post and agitated I guess Chris maybe expected OJ was gonna come clean right there on the air Which he should have but of course he didn't and you knew he would not and then he's trying to like well the thing He said an escwire, but if I did do what I did out of love it was taken out of context right You did it you did it you murdering bastard piece of crap you and now people are wondering well How come he's doing all this public appearances now because he's trying to rehabilitate his image now He's trying to come back into the mainstream He figures enough time has passed he's tired to be in an outcast and he wants to back in and He gets on there and lies and lies and let's oh, there was only one beating there was only one time They forgot physical and oh, it's Jesus give me a break give me a freaking break and of course poor Chris Myers He's a joc guy. He's a sports guy. He don't have the facts there front of him He doesn't have the list of all the damn dates of all of these incidents that were well documented Especially in the civil case which by the way he was found responsible meaning guilty that Yes, you did murder them in your own $32 million even though they're not getting a penny of it got For me to dollars in his trust fund and his pension fund whatever the hell is which they can't test it A touch of penny and doing the best to hide each and every dime that he's got So here's a guy that really is very very concerned about making sure that you know people get paid That is kids get taken care of and everybody else too just unbelievable. I'm you know something Not that I think of it even the lie only saw the end of it. I'm glad they did put him on I'm glad they put him on again as a reminder of what a piece of turt he is I hope he turns it while it what's his favorite thing golf I rest my case and here's a guy who allegedly is too bad knees He can barely walk he's got arthritis. He's got this his hands are are a shrubble their crouple They're Boba Boba, but he can't do it anything So what do you say? She would give him a cart Stick in to one of those walk-in oven sounds good to me. Here's coral gables hello hello. Yes, sir. A meal This one on that golf thing. There's one thing everybody forgot and what is that sir? You know the US GA in the PGA governs all the tors yeah PGA tour right and the senior tour right the seniors can ride if they want to right So they're contradicting themselves Uh-huh. I mean if you can take a guy because he's old or because if this is a condition and he's a pro and he can ride in the tournament Why can't this young fellow do it? Make sure hey men good show. Thank you sir. All right have a great day. Yeah seems to make sense to all of us with an IQ larger than our index finger But not the Sun sent and the letter of course the blue doses and the players themselves who are a Spineless and gutless and like they said on the worst team this morning In private now they're positive and I'm proud that a two a lot of these guys are saying Boy, this is a bunch of crap but as usual in this country and in this world Very few guys very few people anywhere have got the cohones to actually stand out from the group and say This is injustice. This is a much of blue crap Let this poor guy play and stop at all the kaka and roll a bunch of overpaid sport of rotten brats and make it a lot of money and cut the crap already All right cut the crap. I mean who the hell would you rather have playing out there on the tour? Casey Martin or Curtis Strange you know what I'm saying? I rest my case or that goddamn Greg Norman sin him to Australia Send a back where it came from I'm so tired of him. Oh, but he sure was good friend and he's this one Great great he's got more money than god let him out retire already and the same with that damn Nicholas and all those oldfarts And let him go do something productive man. Oh man. See I don't understand that how can you go your whole life? And you played golf you did it for a living you did it very well and then you get to a certain age And you know what and then you continue playing there's the seniors tour and it's like when they tried and hockey You remember that lasted for about a minute and a half the thing with the oldfarts league That seriously that lasted for about three weeks and nobody had any interest Nobody wants to see a bunch of oldfarts bumpling around out there watching red Kelly He's 75 years old and Johnny bar and all these gut who do I want to see that that's not sports Which proves what I've said along because golf is not a sport in the first place. Oh here we go channel for journey of hope with the Pope The Pope's come to Cuba baby. I'm glad we got some hope what the hell hope is you gonna bring them? I was gonna bring them as a bunch of stone age dark age crap and a bunch of empty promises Which nobody will ever fulfill a lot of rhetoric and of course naturally many of these getchies There will come on her hands and ease with her last few pesos like they do a Mexico and Brazil and all over Latin America Oh here for the Pope for the Pope for his operation for his whatever Yeah, those altoboys are a lot more demanding than they used to be that's right 30 40 40 thousand lira that don't cut it anymore. I'll guarantee you that here's a mobile in Del Rey Beach, hello Neil yes, sir. Hey, darn great Just want to throw something out you might have commented on it already I just got in the car, but I was watching the news this morning and I slow a story about that woman I'll text us there about the execute yeah, and they were you know She hacked through all these people with ice picks and she supposedly had an orgasm when she was doing it Didn't know that yeah, this came out in the court and everything but now they're getting ready to execute her and She found God which hey P to go and everybody does their own thing. Oh, I'm not against that But now the church is coming out that she's because she's born again. They should an executor So on and so forth and I just like to get your opinion on it and if you don't mind I'll hang on well wait my opinion about what that's a good. You think about the whole thing I think it's ludicrous Oh listen everybody that goes in this land where especially on death You're or every one of them finds the Lord from G Gordon-Litty to I mean Colson and right on the online Every last damn one of them becomes a religious nut and I say give her I was gonna say fry a rash But they don't do that do that do that Objection right thicker with an needle immediately. She might enjoy it. Take care, okay pal. She's going Anyway, right. Yeah, she's gonna be up there in heaven. She'll be at the squirly gates So what's wrong with that? Oh, I mean if she believes Which of course is one of the really great parts about these religious nuts? Oh no matter what you do doing your life if you've set the Lord before you're croaked no matter how many people you killed And if Hitler would accept it Lord on his death bed Of course he wasn't in bed when he shot himself while if he would have done it there in the bunker with Guy Junker I got you down exactly. I mean give me a freaking break already with heaven and hell and purgatory and the devil and the pitch for it All I get a lot has been By the way speaking of going to hell did you see the thing on OJ yesterday which OJ the member a couple of years? How well how long is this thing been going on like last year? There were the rumors that he was gonna come down here and move here and everybody said go the hell away Everybody with a brain that is said go the hell away We don't want you here and then it kind of cooled off and he was a building his new house or buying a new house and wherever the hell he isn't LA and all of a sudden he's back again for another Celebrity golf tournament for charity. This was yesterday. I guess how come we didn't know about that because we're all alone over here But it was Martin Luther King. They don't you understand the significance of this? It was Martin Luther over the way we have our DSS So we're not as alone as you might think but at any rate He was in town yesterday at this charity golf tournament on Martin Luther King. They this murdering miserable No good. Let me chop your word hurts the most bastard is in our town and they put it on the news last Not a met the trackwatch in this and they wow OJ is getting comfortable here He's starting to like it here So I guess the rumors are resurfacing that just maybe he might be coming back and not only is it bad enough that he's here But they have to go up to the golf tournament stick the mic in his face so we can give us all a lecture on morality Do you be seeing that I saw cheese He he he pissed off he behind a pissed off OJ Exactly because he's sick and tired of all these judge metal people who just won't let go of it already just like over and the knife too Is what OJ be saying because you know when you get to the this was my favorite part He says when you get to the pearly gates the man doesn't like people who You know our judge metal and hold a grudge whatever it was and when you get to the pearly great grudge grates And I'm thinking well what does the man think about guys who murdered two people and called blood That's right. That's okay if you know have enough money It only hurts for a little while. That's what they say So OJ is back to hottest again. They're just some of these back to them never go away Let me let me speak for the interrogated except a few retarded people and some very very stupid misguided horny women You see the broad out there. Oh, she wants to marry him this light-complexed black chick Which he's out anyway? He's not into black chicks. Okay. Oh, yeah I want to marry OJ. I want to get near him. I want to sniff it just one time Nothing like you get right there at dinner time at the track too right in the middle of my dinner So let me speak for just about everybody other than a few misguided hormonal bitches who couldn't get laid in a cucumber patch We don't want you here. Okay OJ. We got enough problems We got the damn pope coming to Cuba. That's close enough tomorrow. We got enough problems with that go the hell away and Don't come back soon and there was Richmond web number 70. Oh, it's number 78 holding holding The man who's committed more penalties for the dolphins in the last three years than all the other people on the team put together Including keeps him's he's always gone and there he was there at this charity golf event I'll you know, we got to move on and this for a good cause and bop bop bop bop bop Yeah, right whatever you say okay Richmond 15 yards number 78. Sorry So he won't go away and you know who else won't go away is that guy damn Oprah? She just won't go away and she you know what she reminds me on a much more sinister scale Because there are some people who realize what a scumbag Larry King is there a lot of people who understand that Especially people he still owes money to but he's dangerous like when he brought Ross P. Roll on there And he made him into what you know like a real presidential candidate single-handedly Nobody knew from Ross Perot, Hillary King decided he was gonna play You know Mr. Hotshot maker but Oprah's on there and of course She's got this captive audience of millions of desperate board housewives who are like in between Jerry Springer in between the hyper ventilating housewives with no lives and Tapioca putting somewhere in between there is Oprah worth billions of dollars with the B why I haven't got the foggy Is tidy a woman who has got nothing to say a woman who brings nothing to the table a woman who is not interesting who is not brilliant who is not articulate who is not anything other than L. See the board and call on a bad day Why does girlfriend you okay girlfriend? She's not the one that started that is she instrumental. They well, yeah. I've heard the instrumental Volkos a lot better but the instrumental wasn't bad but at any rate so there she is and she's in this battle now and you know I hate to say this but I have to take her side on this issue the thing about the beef Because 13 states including Texas and Florida by the way have passed these laws That you can't if you go on here and you maliciously a pack a product and you cost in other words They could prove that you cost them millions of dollars a substantial amount of money and the question your motor Is you haven't done it just because you're stupid now in her case. I think just because she's stupid is evident But the beef and the streets got a beef in fact they ought to be on Thursday with a morning thing But in any rate they pass these repressive Unconstitutional laws and mark my word they will be found to be unconstitutional So that if you go on here and you say to use you your opinion and people all of a sudden whether it's about beef and people stop going on needing beef And across the millions of dollars while a two-bad you're so well and so they have this big lawsuit They're suing Oprah for 13 million dollars which is like pocket change to that pitch and it really pains me that I have to take her side on this because she happens to be right If she had some vegetarian former beef guy on her show last year two years ago And the guy was talking about how they feed cows ground up these you know they ground up Counts of dead animals Excroman like they put in dog food. Yeah, sounds tasty to me in addition to which whatever goes in He's not pretty much sure all the same way anyway, right what goes in must come out That's what Peter North says So what tells wrong with that and we don't have no mad cow disease in this conversation So they the bottom line is she evidently got a lot of her housewives all bed ownership the ones who weren't buying these Tapioca putting books that she's always promoting on there God I wish to hell I was on here for like one day just think of all the great books that I could promote on there one day But of course we would never have the power that this bitch is God because she's got these Simple then housewives across America by the millions mesmerized mesmerized Just like she did with that up the fast remember that crack oh yeah one day she weighed 300 pounds Six days later she weighed 75 pounds on up the fast and then of course people went on that diet and they were croaking left and right I'm surprised you never got on the fan fan thing She's like a human accordion one day she weighs 300 next day she weighs 30 pounds She's like in between caring carpenter and monochcess and not really sure which side she's gonna come down Here's a Hollywood hello Hello good morning Neil when is this I got a spy report my brother called me last night at 11 o'clock He was at Miami I'm late golfing he said gets well who was in front of me? It was the infamous I killed a cold oh And I told him I said you know what my brother agrees that Oject killed her I says he goes I was straight at him and finally OJ said How are you doing And I told my brother I said what you tell him? And he says well he just said a little but I said you know what I showed this people the public star scene OJ out there and Start telling him you know where you kill the coal I told my brother I said you could have been in every major newspaper We should have took out that nine higher and just beat the crap out of him. There's an excellent He got a been all over get about a hard copy soft copy inside addition outside addition Haraldo Jenny Jones he would have been on Larry King he could have been here he could have been no gigantic But I think that OJ's moving to town here and that's when I'm afraid of man and I know like I said I told my brother I says I'm not impressed by anybody except the Pope Not even you Neil bed if I saw OJ I think I would have grabbed that nine nine I am just being totally you're impressed by the Pope a silly old man in the dress and presses you Yes, why is that? Oh, I just think he's different and He's different an old man in a dress with a beany is different. They don't see too many of them. That's true Why are you impressed by the Pope? I guess because I'm Catholic and you've been brainwashed I don't think so I think I have a level head. I'm not asking you about your sex life I'm asking about your brain sir. You've been brainwashed. Yeah We'll see I don't know I mean we'll see what the Pope says over there in Cuba Well, what do you think he's gonna say besides dominance in the biscuits so lonely $50? What do you think he's gonna say? Oh, they don't say that every country is visit a communist country that it's it's fallen It's a country there can be no question that the Pope is responsible for the fall of communism Just like his one of his predecessors Pope highest the 12 was responsible for the fall of the Nazis Right? Yeah, okay. Thank you so much there we go I'm going to church right now. I'm I'm getting on my knees right now Well, that is if the boys are still in the building the back street boys He's not gonna bring them down here. Isn't that would be embarrassing? Maybe they won't come down here. Well, he's their up there allegedly well he wasn't sure they were showing up anyway I said allegedly they're coming on with kid curry on power 96 They don't play their music anyway. Do that George during his last break being the he then Speak that he is is going to this long song What you're preaching to the choir? Why are you telling me all of this about the art of the Bullcraft of the Catholic Church in all of brainwashing when you get to this place and when you get to the scoryle gates Mr with O. J He'd be going in and you'll be going down you be going on the elevator going straight down He'd be going straight up. I want you to stop and think about that for just a second. Okay, the pearly gates Of heaven see people talk crap because they've been conditioned the talk it and they've been conditioned by hearing other people talk this crap Oh, and you get to the pearly gates if you're seeing that spot I don't even know what it's for there all lined up at the pearly gates and say Peter is sitting there and then somebody who's like a 20th in life does this line ever move and then you see them go straight down Yeah, I guess it does now like that Yeah, I want you to stop and think about that here's like all these millions of people talk about a slow moving line makes Disney land looks like like a picnic Makes makes the makes the express line at windyxie look fantastic at two o'clock in the morning when it's the only one open It's not moving at all Look pearly gates and here's this murdering son of a bitch comes in a wire town and he's lecturing us We better rock cut the crap because the the man up there. He don't be like in it the man there's a great Houston I I was there, I was there, I was there, I was there And I said, he's your way to stay, he'll do the jail all the time Two foot cats and take a pill, like he's got a gun Take him pill, there's not a joke for four weeks old and both But since I can be a sub-nirrow one But I'm not a dog, dog, dog I gave him the branch And so far, he's got a dog, he's like a manager And so far, he's got a dog, he's got a dog, he's got a dog And so far, he's got a dog, he's got a dog Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Oh, you don't put the chairman higher Up and good credit higher ë…ress Ginny Horn Body BoxÃ¼cks you George buddy, dead, my goal right with that man. I've made myself a boy, on a Ð¶ÐµÐ½Ñ‰ for that Metre that and the church and the old boys, that's okay. Oh, you got to have that old rhythm man. You got to be saying, I got to rhythm. That's the only one that's acceptable. And obviously, it's working really great in all those third world countries, whether reproducing like Arabets, like cockroaches. And you can be sure he's going to be peddling that same, still age, garbage in Havana tomorrow, and everywhere he goes around the world, as they continue perpetuating the misery and suffering of overpopulation all over the world. That's the one thing they do better than anything else beside brainwashing is perpetuating misery, starvation, and suffering. And it's interesting when you are in Rome, by the way, the only people over there at the Vatican are the Getskis. The slepherds who come on their hands and knees, and then, of course, the tourists who go over there, and they buy the crosses and all the other, the trinkets, the souvenirs. I hate to tell you this, but to use on the souvenir shops. Here's a coral springs. Hello. Good morning, Elm. When is this? Thank you very much, Annun George, for a great show yesterday. Oh, thank God, somebody heard that I thought we'd been flooded today with people saying, boy, we sure enjoyed that. Let's do it again soon, like maybe today. It was a great gift, and I appreciate it. Well, you're welcome. About the Pope. I don't know if you saw the Washington Post or any paper or back in November when the Pope talked to the act in the council and condemned the actions of Christians before and during the Holocaust. And he told the Vatican conference, the Christian world, contributed to the rise of anti-Semitism, and then failed to fight it as the Jews were being slaughtered during World War Two. He came very, very close to issuing an apology for the actions of Pope Pius. Post, but not cigar. No, sir. I believe this is next step, and that's what's interesting about this Pope. I don't see him. I have no affection for organized religion, and I agree with you about most of it. I'm not exactly sure about a Supreme Dean. I'm still wondering about it, but my mind is open, one way or the other. Well, it's interesting about this. What is interesting about this man in a skirt? Well, interesting about him is that he is being used politically as a way of undermining Castro. And he has... Well, let me ask you this. How is he undermining Castro? In other words, when he leads Cuba in a couple of days, are you suggesting to me that Castro is going to fall or that somehow his power based there is going to disappear? Oh, no, no, never. He's better. One thing Castro is not better doing than the church even is indoctrinating in brainwashing, and he's got those Cubans over there. So brainwashing that other than L. Duca and a few baseball players, they think they're living the life of Ryan. They're happy as a pig and slop, and they love Fidel. Oh, no, I'm not suggesting he's going to contribute to Castro. So how is he undermining him? He's allowing some of the dissidents in Cuba the courage to maybe speak out a little more. And that's... And then very different. And it's also very small. I understand that. But this is probably his main contribution to his visit to Cuba. Well, that's very critical. I don't know if you can go back and eat pasta and ramen. And understand, in a way, about some... And let me ask you this. What business does this man, since he's a member of a religious... I was going to say cult, an organized religion, but it is a cult. Since he is the leader, the titular leader, if I can say that. What business does he have running around the world, telling people about foreign policy and what they should do, and what they shouldn't do in criticizing capitalism, and who else cares what he thinks? I'll give you a lot of... I'll give you a lot of people who are his sheep. Okay. I think we a lot of people care about what he thinks of, nobody cared about what he thought. You wouldn't be doing it. Well, let me ask you this. How come 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church? Well, yeah, but it doesn't mean they don't identify as Catholics. You see... No, no, no. I don't know. Let me say this. Have you ever been to Rome? Wait a minute. Have you ever been to Rome? Yes, I have. But let me tell you this. It's like 97% of the people in Israel don't go to synagogue, but they identify as being Jews. There's a different... There's a difference between being Catholic as in being born Catholic, and as you say identifying with a man who's preaching stone age garbage, when the Pope told him that divorce was illegal, they passed along Italy, allowing divorce. When he told him that abortion was absolutely a sin, guess what? They have abortions all over Italy. It's legal in Italy. Okay. I'm saying the people identify with him more culturally than they live. Well, what does that mean? They don't need him to eat pasta? What does culture mean? God? These are the refugees being youngsters. Exactly. They don't know, Kylbha'snen, and where I'm in Italy. You know, it's just the thought of my knife. You're probably right, but I just wanted to. You're not trying to forge in your mouth or anything else. Everybody's entitled to him in a opinion, I'm more than happy to hear it. However, it seems to me that you're making an attempt. Maybe you're trying too hard to be a nice guy, and you're making an attempt to make a case for this man. Were there... Isn't that any? There's no case there. That's the travel to true. By the way, when I'm on hold, Yeah, during the break, uh, your conversation or Georgia's conversation with you came over the phone. Oh, of course. And it was very interesting. I would be interested to hear what it was at nine years old that George had the testimony that he was talking about. No, George at the nine years old realized it was all a bunch of bull crap and said, they'll screw this. Well, have a great day, pal. Good to see you. And God bless you. See they lay in that said, other reason to call you. Can you hear George Hawking is trying? Papa, papa, I believe me he does. He does his own show to me, which, like I said, it's preaching the choir on the captive audience. Here, but he has to get it off his little chest. Here's for a lot of day, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? Are you doing, sir? Okay. Do you remember saying, did you? No, you can't can't hear you too well. Yeah, that's better. Did God create man or did man create God? Easy question. Do you remember saying that? Yes. Do you remember when you went to WNWS used to? No, I don't. Well, I have bad Alzheimer's. I remember. You used to say, is there a green leprechaun of my shoulder? Is a matter of fact there is now. There is. When you get this old, there's a little green leprechaun that stands on your shoulder and hops around. It's either that or surrises. And you also talked about God helps those who help from self. You haven't mean he can don't shop listings. Don't remember that one, but you must have. You must have a lot of material on tape. No, not on tape, just in the memory. And how about if he sits a wonderful guy, how could he make the waters crashed down on the Egyptians who were chasing after the Israelis? And how about this, El Nudo? Oh, that's the site talked about this yesterday. El Nudo, here's the Christchallel and he's screwing up the weather and people are dying and freezing the thanks to the Christchallel. That should tell you what people think of religion. But we're all God's children. There you go, isn't that sad? Is that a great day? You must be really busy. He must be pretty busy up there or out there or in there or under there. Why would have held these hiding these days or on the side of that bank building? I know that a lot of people in this audience get very antsy and they think I do too much of this, the real thing is I don't do enough of it. That's the thing. I am so sick and tired of a media and then I'm tired. Other than maybe a screw magazine, which is our good pornography for a friend, Al Goldstein, and a few pornographic publications which of course most people discard because of its sexual nature, then obviously you're going to go to hell anyway for looking at it or reading it but let's see what's in it please. But other than that, there is nobody in this goddamn country that's got the balls to come out and talk about. I mean, here this poop thing is a classic example. Where is the other side of this? Where is even the other side in this community which you'd expect to see this big conflict with the Cubans about well on the one hand as much as they've been brainwashed and they're good at reading Catholics and they bring their mind to church and put it in a plate every Sunday and they stick that way for an ear mouth and whatever else looks good. In spite of all that, here's this guy coming concerning with Fidel who is like the devil incarnate. I mean, this son of a bitch Fidel, a hate-like poison and with good reason, okay? And so they've got this tremendous conflict and it in this community man, they've managed to shove all this under the carpet, they've covered it all up and the entire media here are covering this thing like it's the second coming of Yushki and Joseph Smith and Abraham and Abraham Solomon. I mean, it's just unbelievable. You think this was the greatest thing that since they invented the Apostle for Christ's six? What's so great about it? Oh, and then of course I remember years ago when he was here. What was that about? Ten, eleven years ago because that was an INZ. Oh my God, and they had, and guess who was the MC? You'll never guess this. Gregory Benjamin Vudel was the MC of the sort of parade thing. I had downtown for El Papa, a man who keeps asking the question, is there anybody out there who doesn't hate me like poison, Gregory Vudel? A man who does more radio jobs in six months than most of us have ever done in a lifetime and this man was there MCing and no God that's good at settlement. So there's a guy who's been well adjusted from his Catholic upbringing, right? Yoke, baby, that's what it's all about and like Madeline Murray all here, that bitch were a sheep, by the way. Whatever, as she said, without hell religion isn't worth a damn. And that's right, without the fear of being punished, without the fear of not having eternal life, which is the most ridiculous thing. It's like O.J. saying, oh, when you're up there, it's a poorly gates the man get upset at the poorly gates. If he was so worried about the poorly gates, he wouldn't have kicked off those two people like you know, in a fit of passion, he would piss off man, worried about the God damn poorly gates my ass. This is such garbage, such nonsense, such sputiment. And like I've said, so many times, and I'll keep saying it as long as I got a breath in his old pathetic, faggy body, a mind if they spent like one tent of the money and energy that they do on brainwashing the world with his horse crap to try to solve the problems that are out there and feed the people who are starving to death, including that poor old bag mother Teresa. And I grant you, you know, she may have never stolen a freight train and she was wrinkled up in disgusting and old and probably smelled bad. And nobody cared because she chose the wrong kind of croak when Diana did. But in the meantime, she was running around the world peddling the same crap at horse ball. And if they would have just sold all the, all the artwork they got in the Vatican, they'd have enough money to feed all all the starving people. Billions, billions and billions with a beat. And if they had all the money that was ripped off and again, Vatican bank scandal, they'd have all that much more money. They could all be driving the at least little brown Toyota's anyway, at least slippers, even in places where they don't have any road yet. They were showing yesterday speaking of Martin Luther King, they were showing some of these revival things at some of these, oh my God, what is that all about? It's like something out of a Tennessee Williams play. I mean, these people are like rocket and roll it on and roll it around on the floor and the spirit is getting too many speaking in tongues and rolling around on each other. Oh God, that's good. I mean, talk about Saint Vita's dance, talk about watching people who look like they have gone totally mentally like it's time to get the butterfly in and out boys and girls. Three times a week at that assembly of God's shirts right by your house. They'd be speaking in tongues. All right. And he, let me just lay it out to you and I, I really would challenge anybody to debate this. Since the Cubans in Cuba have lived under Castro and communism for almost 40 years now. Since 1959 and since virtually all of those people have been brought up without religion, their economic prisoners of Castro's regime is what they are. Political and economic because they can't express to the standpoint of you. But if they had, if they had food, if they had a decent lifestyle, they wouldn't give a crap. They don't care about communist stuff. They don't care about the capitalism, they don't care about religion any of that. If they just could like, you know, get their food and their medicines and whatever they need to live like human beings. That's what they care about. Now unless I'm a stake in unless the news media have missed something drastic here and I don't think they have because they've covered this thing. Everything from the Pope's fingernails to his record, everything in between. We've had great great details, most of which we don't need to hear about all of it. So unless I'm missing something, he isn't bringing truck loads and truck loads and plain loads of cargo. Be hard to bring the truck's nuggets. Plain loads of all this good stuff to feed the people to bring their medicine to bring all these things which they are desperately being deprived of. Or why the hell not? Because he's wing it. He ain't gonna have time for that. He's busy collecting money from the getschies who are gonna come on their hand in knees just like they've been for years all over Latin America and all these slippers bring in their flat few pesos. Oh, la papa, for la papa, for la papa, for a, whatever. You know, El Papa. No, la papa, El papa will be for a real man. I was saying El papa up until this moment, but now let's at least be honest about what kind of a man wears a dress. He even got his to run around and drag, dress better than that. And then Eddie Murphy would be embarrassed by that. Okay, what kind of a skirt box? In what I'm saying, kind of crap is that. And you see all this, our kicks stuff and they're running around with the, uh, all those, I still wonder what, what is they call it a miter. Don't they that big thing that they're schlepping and with those things, those hoods on their head, I thought only the clansman wore hoods on their head. And then he went somewhere. They ripped off the beanie from the Jews. Of course, they had ripped off everything from the Jews because we came first and he's got his little ugly beanie there. And oh, it's a big semis and he's coming there. What is he going to do is going to take her their spliritz, you will need what the hell does that mean? What a rationalization for the fact that he's not going to come there and do a goddamn thing about the real problem that these people are suffering from. He's not going to treat them politically. He's not going to feed them. He's not going to take care of their health and medical needs. He's not going to do a damn thing except do another big publicity stuff so we can keep the Vatican going. And he knows something if they took a, if they took a vote, see Italy is not like England where they're like tied with a monarchy where they're all emotionally involved because they're emotional cripples. And Italy, they'd like to say, Bob Bongul, the whole Vatican, the whole bunch of those going and they don't have any need for them. In fact, they would like to stop being, see, the Vatican gets pissed off. And so every now and then they come along with the police, and they like close up all the adults establishments and clubs and bars where people, if you have a good time because they want to suppress the people and control them as much as possible. That's what the Vatican, that's the purpose they serve in Italy and they by the way, they don't do a very good job because like five days later, they all reopen again. All the gay bars, we have to shut down them because the phags of an air cleaning like, I said the priest to the bath house, they'll have a good time there. And they do. But if you ask the majority of the people, they need them like they need hemorrhage and believe me as an expert on that subject. We don't, none of us need that. They're probably a barlo. The Pope's coming, the court's court. And it's going to be a big day in Habanuman. They're going to be free any second now. They were showing on the CNN that we have our direct TV on satellite thing here. They were showing all these getch keys and they're all sitting there. Have you ever noticed that when people, when they pray and they sit there and they put their hands together, it looks like they're, it looks like they're just their brain is going to pop out of their forehead if they have one in there. Like they're really concentrating very, very hard, scrunching their eye. They're scrunching it and their eyes too. So there's a lot of praying going on at a lot of occurring on. And here's this old man in a dress going to be in Habanuman today. And of course, that's going to change everything. And you won't escape it. Keep your TV said to the opposition. Lots of great sports stories, by the way. Lot of role models for all you people to get excited about this morning. First of all, here's Chris Weber in too much of a hurry to get to practice Chris Weber ended up with a face full of pepper spray six hours in jail and emerge a wini charge. After a routine traffic stop for speeding, the Washington Wizard's forward was arrested to. They in charge with assault resisting a right possession of marriage wini driving out of the implements of marriage wini and five other traffic related violations that it goes on and on on. But if you flip over on the other page on the other side of it in the scum sent alice morning, dolphins mostly arrested. Oh, no. Miami dolphins quarterback D Norse, Loseley. You'd be no one anybody named D Norse. What is that? Is that like the rain in Spain? D Norse Mosley was arrested Tuesday after allegedly firing a handgun outside a manangahila. Is that it? Manangahila. I thought it was manangahila. Oh, that's a different place. Manangahila. I think it is manangahila. County strip club in Morgan town, West Virginia. Mostly who's from Pohoki. Is that said everything you need to know? He's from Pohoki was charged with brandishing a firearm and shooting from a roadway. Both misdemeanors County Jella Sergeant Gary White said, mostly later was released after posting $600 bond. Then we got in the hockey page in the sports section this morning. Goli Sean Burke of the Vancouver Connects Formally of Hartford and Carolina wherever I'll see what must complete an educational program on domestic abuse within six months as part of his punishment for assaulting his wife in November. Burke also was $500 and sentenced to 18 months probation after pleading guilty Friday to the November second incident. And then on the letters to the editor page in the Sun Sentinel just around it out to make for a full exciting day. Here's a picture of Jose Consocco and Donald Cogan of Boca writes, the headline read can say code deal keeps him out of jail January 8th. The Oakland A's Jose Consocco a four foot inch. A six foot four inch he got four inches huh? You know those big guys trust me. A six foot four is 240 punts. The lawyer was charged with violence against his estranged second wife. Consocco has also been accused of violence against his first wife. A least is consistent. God damn it. If you're going to beat up your first wife. In fact, I think O.J. should go back and get the the first one. O.J. would that be a good idea? Consocco has also been accused of violence against his first wife ever after pleading no contest. He was sentenced to counseling and find 258 bucks. Quite a sum for someone who earns millions. Again, our system turns the other cheek for a pampered athlete says Donald Cogan of Boca. So the beat goes on. Oh my god. Look at these guys. They're now they can come in here. Now they look harmless to me. They don't look like ax murders anything like that. They can come on. The one does kind of which one is that is that the AJ that looks like the ax murder. How you doing? The basketball is really now AJ is the one with the tattoos or that you're AJ and this is Kevin. See you now it's a mirror. Did they know who do you guys were upstairs at power 96? They didn't know who you were. But like individually they knew you were. Oh you haven't been on there yet. Well, they don't have any idea who you guys are. I mean I got this mic. That's a mic that might even work Kevin. Excellent. And where's the rest of the guys? Where's Nick and Brian and the you got some of his gohats. Yeah, stairs getting ready going there. Oh, they're going to go up there. Yeah. Where have you got them to see you? Well that's great. That's that's a good stuff. Now I want to actually one thing. Because now you notice this I'm not some novice with you guys. Okay. I mean just because an old aging fact doesn't mean that they're seriously. Well, what's wrong with that? I mean we can't all be perfect. But when I was in Amsterdam, I bought you out because I saw you guys videos which these guys, how come you guys are big all over the world first and then you're like marketing here? What's there that by accident is that like on purpose? I guess it's just this and they just sort of happen that way. So what do you got? Now what's a new single got to be? Actually back. Well that's going to be the single. Yeah. Now is that a change? Because when you want much music, I thought there was another. Now let's see, which ones on here are singles? I'll never break your heart was that a single? That's in Europe. Now I can't handle this because I've been like, you know, you had someone you had. That's album is a compilation of some of the hits and sing is basically all the singles off of the first European album. We put on the first US album with a couple of new tracks. That's basically what the US album is. So the next single here in the US will be back straight back and then after that it'll either be. We feel like we have three more possible singles off the US album that we can go with. Unbelievable. Now where were you guys? You said you went over to England and did the album over there? We've been all over the world. The only place we haven't been yet is South America. But basically we've covered. What do you got to learn from Spain? That's why I came down here with an Espanel. Before you went Amsterdam? Yes, we were. Yeah. That's a great city. And what do you like Amsterdam? Definitely. Now you have to keep, do you have to keep a long leash on these guys? Oh, very well behaved. See, that's what everybody wonders because you know, you need to line your notes and it's very religious upbringing and background even though you know, talking to a heath and bastard like me. We don't, we don't claim to be perfect. But. No. No. Now what does that mean? You don't claim to be perfect. Are you like leading a little door open there for some of these screaming groups? Not trying to preach anybody that we're perfect because we make mistakes just like everybody has. But we, you know, we, that's our background. That's our upbringing. That's the way our parents brought us up. No, what does that mean? I mean, just screw on a little on the side. What does that, what does that mean? They're going to make their parents proud. Let's still have a try that. We try. We never, let's try not to do anything that would, you know, embarrass our families. You know, just try to make mom. In other words, you don't want to emulate Frank here for you. You don't want to, well, you don't want to, well, you don't want to let us look for them. Trust me. You're helping you guys to run it around all over the world. And to the, all these heathen places to run, and there's all these screaming girls. How long are you taking you, World Girls? On your mom's back in Orlando, right? Yes. I said, mom, mom answered them in the red light district. She probably think it was the gates of hell. Yeah. I can't have thought it was the gates of heaven myself, you know, and I think you guys might agree. But you know, when we were there, our first night there, our record company, the guy from the, the rep from the record company took us for a walk down the red light district. And we were just, we couldn't believe it. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Yeah. The lead. But you, you're a bit different though. You like you say Toronto is a great city. Toronto is different from this country too. I think Europe is just more laid back about things, and not as conservative on the new. I think the teenagers get responsibility at a lot younger age. I think that sex education is a lot better in Europe. And I think they give their teams more responsibility at a earlier age. They're not in mature and juvenile, like we are in our age. I mean, and they travel all over Europe on the trains. But the young people are very, very mature there. Well, you guys are really kicking ass, and I appreciate you coming down to the other guys. You're going to hang upstairs and park. And the concert, by the way, is you're even bringing them down here. Of course, everybody's after Nick here. Everybody knows is he because why don't you guys get into diets here like, dark, so he doesn't stand off someone. Go seriously, because obviously because he's the one blonde guy in the group. There's five guys, and he like stands out and everybody's screaming there's Nick because he's blind. So I think we're just going to die of the hair you might do. That might do the job. And it's going to be great concert. I guarantee that in fact, I'm going to give away a couple of my good. I was going to come, but I thought that's going to be kind of embarrassing. You know, with all those little skinny girls. We have, we have, no, really. We have people from all ages all walks of life. Yeah, lots of old bags. They go to see everybody. A lot of other bags that go to see is that when you said George, you use your both. Actually, I said old bags. Old bags like me. He then said, excuse me. Well, there are some bags of a problem with that. Maybe not a thing. Huh? There you go. I rest my case. I might actually show up now if you're like less than 20. Do you want to see what you think? So you can tell your viewers. Okay, don't get me the one. So you can tell your viewers. Yeah, your viewers. Your listeners tomorrow. I thought of the show. What I thought of the show. I'm about to hear. It's a new single. There isn't. I think you're happy to get this in 496. Is it any problem with playing your music? Yeah, but you know, this is a partial innerier and leg music station. Well, thanks a lot, guys. Thanks for having me. And continue to look. And I'll show off tonight. Believe it or not. I will. I'll be listening. Excellent. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot, guys. All right. Okay. There are a lot of people. They're hotter than pistol guys. If you want to see this, I'm going to go to the toilet. Oh, it's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. It's me. Is it me. Is it me? Are you mad. Your makeup is great. I don't understand why you make a 100 grand whip Would you? Whatever. Does it make sense? I'm rolling for trouble. Yes. I'm not sure if I really better. If I'm good, I will. You've been living over 10 years. Would you tell me? I don't know if I'm good. I'm sure. Did I just leave right now? Hey, I got on my bike's back. Is that a stupid thing? There's no other that word. Is the low rider? Oh, my god, I look like a... Forget the letter, man. I think, man, why are you beautiful, baby? You're a meek of little on-game. That's me, if they just more in their plane. All right! I'm on the wheel of fortune game. Yeah, I just look that sound. I'm in the corner round. Hey, man, I speak me a letter. You're the turn. Hey, fat loser. Man, I speak me a letter. No one does it any better. I dream of all you all by that. Isn't all over the end. Man, I don't need to stare. But are you wearing underwear? Not one need to say. Anyway, I don't hear how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look at the stage, I can't get in. Won't throw in the towel. Still live by your power. Oh, man, I speak me a letter. These vannas, big meal letters. All right, I'm ready to pick, baby. ABCD, EMG and DJG. I'm a TV DJI. TVW&K ID. Thank you, Cobra, man. All right, I'll take this whole box of blender and microwave the refrigerator. Hey, man, what do you mean? 500 dollars for a black and white five in portable TV set. You got ripped off, man. My brother and also got to feel all sad. You mean the money and I'll buy the TV set, man. All right, I'm at the home, baby. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. The real Roger show. Now, on 560, WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. I can't believe what just happened. Did you hear that? Did you hear the word that that music was fading? And the ID still played over at George? Not that I want to get the audience involved in technical. I can't believe that that works. That's set up to do that, yeah. It is. It's great. Oh, and everybody thinks you're an obsolete machine. What? The BCS. They're going audio vault everywhere. The audio vault is a piece of compared to the compared to anything. The audio vault is for commercials. It's fine. Right. It's okay. Not great. In fact, even this is in a lot of places. Use this for five memories. They have all the spots from the post and the hot in there. That's where the problem arises. It doesn't interface well with the traffic computer system. They were having problems over there. Hot one of five with the DCS. Well, like I said, let the commercial people deal with the audio vault, which is a piece of garbage. And we'll take our DCS here. Thank you. I'm just blown away. It's great. By the way, that's just I hit it like a second early in the well. Maybe it'll chop the other thing off with who cares. And it's just the music faded out there. And nobody got it. It's really cares about this because on Q&A there's the, who wrote from football. They used to that kind of sound from our car machine number five, which by the way, if this company had any software spec which they don't, they would get rid of that thing. Now they would blow it up right on here. We'd have a party. That's my girl. Seriously, this year, year number one with this God forsaken company. That's my goal is to embarrass them. Because you know those studios upstairs on the second floor, I mean, even the York State, you'll never live long enough to see those on the, that I say upstairs on the second floor on the eighth floor, whatever the hell it is. But the bottom line is at least at least put something in there. So when somebody's commercials are playing on the air, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you know, somebody can understand what it is. So at least we pretend that we care about doing something for their 100 bucks. Or 200 bucks or 5000 bucks or whatever we're soak it out of, on that particular day. Now that we had a good book. They're 10 grand. God. No, no shame whatsoever. These people are astonishing and I'll give you another and this is a great one I was halfway kidding with George when I came in this morning I said, you know, I'm kind of curious as to what they is going to be paid a this so we now George is on direct deposit Which I am not and I don't want to be on direct deposit for reasons which you know I got my company and I write myself a check it's a little more complicated I want to have it in my hand and the check to and I said what what do you think about a beat by the butt and then Philos came down here our fine office manager and you don't want to miss around with Philos and in any rate This she came down and said anybody know what they are going to be paid a this week when we're getting our checks And she said well, let's see the moon is in Uranus and the cow is on the backyard fence and you know And the 10th and the 25th are technically supposed to be the pay days here at beasley weed broadcasting And I will say that they have been very early with the paycheck now some of the other checks a little on the slow side But the pay checks have actually come early, but it's kind of like if they're women In other words whenever we got a few bucks in a bank, let's give them the check now and make sure it clears today So like the 25th should be paid a but the 25th is Sunday So any place that I've ever worked in my life when the pay day is on a weekend day You always get your check the day and before the weekend which this case will be Friday the 20th Pade should be on Friday, but then here's the best part Philos as well if if the date comes on Saturday Then they pay on Friday, but if it's here if it lands on Sunday, then they do it on Monday Which is the way of pushing it back just one more day. Can we postpone just one more day? We're going out and take a buck collection on the corner here and I was very rude So anyway, the best week boys, do they I guess the other three reps there is Brian and the Nick and the howie are upstairs with the old man? I mean if they think I'm old wait till they see the guy with the aluminum walk up there power 96 Kid curry my ass pops curry how you doing pops? I weren't you impressed by the fact they walked in here those two I knew which the names and the whole deal are gone pretty exciting I think you're very hit for old fact like me. Oh, they were good guys and they're not I was a little bit The you know nervous about that because I don't want to do a whole bunch of you know You read the liner notes in the albums and it's Jesus and God into this and Jesus You know and all I think they were saying like they were talking about Amsterdam is good God that was good Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello good morning you are first call of the morning happy Wednesday You said happy Wednesday happy Humper Day. Yes, sir the cuba thing. Yes, sir Have you noticed a lot of the family reunions going on on the news? Yeah, you know the people that the cake cubo and the rafts and they're all going back now What's gonna happen when the Pope leaves and cashier decides not to let all of these people back out? I think they'll be fed fairly well You know those Cuban persons right three yeah squares a day Yeah, I mean it's you see all these people and they're all going over there and meeting their family and you know I know how you doing and I can't wait to get back to America I don't think you're in a list now. Oh, a whole episode It pitomizes the insanity of the human race as we watch all these people carrying on and getting all emotional and swept up in this garbage And I got CNN on here waiting for the moment when when his majesty is holding this his Opus and guilty ill papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa la papa when he arrives there Is that this is gonna change something? The course it is absolutely not and then we had the guy yesterday people bend over backward to show respect And I have no idea why because these people are the cancer of the universe These so-called religious leaders and the Pope especially preaching this this anti-human this hateful crap Which the evatic it has been doing since its inception with all these crazy Pope through the centuries and oh He's the Pope you know we can't say these things well guess what I am Yep, well you you're the only one who speaks the truth Exactly. I'm closing. Yes, sir. So Your truth on douchebag dump this have a great. Hi. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I heard you're doing away the best of what tickets. Yeah Can I have them It all back in one job sucking around yeah, that didn't suck around to good I mean we just so you came right out and just uploaded it. You know Are you how old are you 16 16 aren't you in school today? Oh? We have a man Well you have exams here you're not in school. Nope. What do you live for? I know and you're gonna drive along when I really that far You're gonna drive down here and pick them up. Oh my guess so you got him George and you're gonna go I'm not gonna you know put this down have you talked to George and then you're gonna leave these tickets in here right? Right you're gonna take them. What's he so they okay? She's gone That was the best 20 two years it took me to get to that point and finally we finally hit the jackpot Like fate done away said we hit the goddamn mother load is that what you said? Oh my god That was you better than that free loading lady. Oh that he wasn't even in the same ballpark with this broad 16 years old What seats are there that best seats in the house? That's fucking ridiculous. Yeah, they're right in next lap. How did that close enough honey? Left this I cannot believe my ears man I thought that after all this time nothing would shock me but that was the best she saw it All she was squealing like she was on the verge of a major score score accident the back door boy She's like on the way to San Jose and oh wow What seats are they well? I guess you don't have any seats is what you don't have well There's a good there's a good seminar for all you people out there anytime that we have something to give away Which isn't too often you want to talk yourself out of it? That's a perfect way to do it Well, I know you have something better than that That's TV again is pretty crappy can I change it for something out? Oh god honey you made my day and my week I thought this was gonna be a desperate day But no matter what happens from now on to a clock that just made my day in my life I don't know which I enjoyed more. See an AJ and Kevin in here this morning Where the hell was Nick and Brian and how he for Christ sakes? See they? Yeah, they took Nick and how he upstairs. They took the best looking guys up there. That's all right. That's okay I'll get to meet them at the concert tonight that guy said come and see me at six o'clock come back stage and we'll do a little Number back there. I don't know what number he was thinking about. I know which one I was thinking Something day what soft shoe. I think it was the number that comes after 68 21 before 11 and 5 60 WQA A cool Nicole. I'll tell you thing was in yesterday's always in yesterday's paper Daniela bastard. It will fill us with no cuz she loves OJ she's got pictures all over the wall. Oh, I'll fill us What are we gonna do with you sweet? How about lobotomy for starters? But anyway, yeah, I know I know I'm not gonna get started. I need to be suspended for two weeks So where's the where is the paper? What do you laugh them about? Oh, you do have the paper. Yeah, I know that whole story fill us you're not fooling me About Hank. Yeah, you want to hear the real story about Hank? What didn't it not in there? No here it is. It's right here. What is wrong with you man? I think that Pope's trip to Cuba is putting too much pressure on your brain when she brought us down is that yesterday's this is Two days this is yesterday's that's what you brought you okay, but this is it. Thank you, Phil. Let's even know you are screwed up Where's the story? Oh, oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god since since seems more Famous than infamous Dan Lobastered with a picture and here's O.J. got that smile at his voice like you know Is you know what time of day it is and a club in his hand? You used that in a big club in his hand like him or not Simpson can hypnotize you when he talks He says look up it in a bathroom along with Fred Goldman. He thinks I'm ordered his son. Maybe if I was an issue I'd say the same things he said about me. He's been a bat in a bathroom along with Fred Goldman What's all this happening? What's all were they doing in there? Scortscore. Ah there you go. No real stories coming out Dan Lobastered sucking around just another there's so many suckles. What did I tell you a month ago? I'm so tired of suckles I'm tired of askers man The guy is a cold blooded murder who was a big piece of crap before that who was nothing but a dumb ex-joc So when you're dealing with these guys who write these jack columns man there and so you know I started off to show this morning which there was no comment about of course as usual about all these guys Then guys being arrested again Mostly of the dolphin and of course Weber of you know Chris Weber of the wizards Which their other name wasn't good enough for him so now all of a sudden the wizards and Sean Burks got a pay for beaten up his wife and we got the Jose Con succo for the horn with time We'll beat up his first wife and it's not beat up his second wife and on and on it goes And those of you who have got this mindless admiration for these idiotic jocks for these overpaid morons It makes me puke Including Dan LaBassure. Thank you very much sir for bringing that to my attention So we once again can point out to the public that they heard as a piece of garbage Anyway, so I'm reading during the last break. I read this entire column I'm gonna tell you right now. I wouldn't waste the time number one or what I'd dignify this miserable idiot By reading this Dan LaBassure column from yesterday's hero. I wouldn't do it for all the money in the world I'm just gonna tell you something if you're one of those people that feels uncomfortable if you want to puke But you don't want to stick your finger down your throat just read this and I guarantee you will be healing for hours Oh my god, in fact the princess dies she can set a stick at her finger down there She could use this just kept reading it every day and she would have accomplished the same thing I have never read such Swill such Obfuscation of the obvious of the fact is this piece of direct as they try to humanize these subhuman piece of garbage called OJ Dan LaBassure and hang your head and shame man I just can't wait for letters to start pouring into the hero about that piece of turd And if you have written one even if you didn't read it right I'm allowed anyway tell me's an asshole Dan LaBassure at the hero. What a what a bunch of garbage. Yeah, he sure is yeah good con artist now So what if he did the bang Paula Jones or what if he did bang a Jennifer flower? Don't you remember what he was on with who is he on with that the before got elected the first time with him on 60 minutes And he and Hillary came on and they did the interview and the estate had these vertical problems and he was screwing around and But I'm being and but I'm willing or whatever was going on and he's still got elected nobody cares He's still survived the erection nobody cares nobody cares. I call it he just pulled it out How do you know that are you watching this thing? They have a got it in there saying he pulled it out Mike curry is we were doing white house books and Mike McCurray just came on a front of the whole press Corridor said he didn't bang her but he pulled it out. How do you like that? And I'm gonna tell you something anybody that would even even think sexual thoughts with that bitch in the same Buildie she is if I were still inclined which I'm not no matter what she looked like but I got news for you There are few human be there are few living beings of any kind even a mebas would go any opposite direction if they saw Paula Jones She is one of the most meas looking people even Ed meas look better than her okay That's how bad she looks oh my god she looks she is so grow test I have seen penises that looks better than her nose although very similar and much more appealing Yes President Clinton is about to address the nation and are very evenly used to influence the White House It's anticipating questions about white water Ladies and gentlemen the president united the faith good evening ladies and gentlemen Yes, I'm the bus. Oh, yeah, I don't know if it's relevant, but I got another underwear question I think it is highly well, oh cool. Well, could could you show us your underwear? Could I do it? Yes, I'm good Oh, those are great glow the dark bowl minkles has Janet Reno seen those. I have that Janet Reno. So look at it. That's great. Well, thanks for the show. Thank you for asking It's the ending I could can't keep a packer in his hand Separate the smaller judge said I wanted to jump her going even though I like Hillary This things I like she won't do for me The hot com fall is well the whistle sun She wouldn't do that at night. It won't I wish you dropped the chart as black I dropped my jar that faithful night Paula And move Contribute You know we better had to work for the state I tried to get it to work really All I'm going to get 700 grams for me And I'll thank you for really strange irony because now she's trying to bring me to my base Anybody else take it up an office pool is to which day Algor becomes president. Hey, how which day do you think five days 10 days? Let's do that better than bet on the Super Bowl Oh, here's Bruno that whom I did not see last night Before I say anything about what he graper and what an asshole he is Yes, you all right, were you there it was wonderful It was pouring rain. It was wonderful. Yep. You must be off your rocker It was crazy. It was fun seeing them all jump up and down and go crazy over a couple of boys But Nick is cute how where were you sitting about 10 rows back on the left hand side of the stage 10 rows wait wait wait a minute 10 rows back from what from the front from the stage Do you or 10 rows back from the stage? It's awesome So what do you thought it was great you didn't get soaked? No, oh my god. No, we were underneath that pavilion Awesome, do you know something I am gonna I'm not a violent person but I'm gonna go out here on 440 Well, get a lot of gun shops. I'm gonna buy and some kind of a weapon right now And I would have I'm what he graper you better run for your life sweetheart because it's over No, we were sitting behind the sound pit you know where that is in the box right behind the sound pit We're all the sound equipment is yeah like about 400 rows behind you like about a half a mile away Oh, yes, and of course when you're sitting back there I was looking for you when you're sitting back there all the when it when it when gets which was like the whole two hours It's blowing all the rain in and of course it's coming on everybody and then the also because it's slanted the back Sex is slanted downward Right the rain that's coming and now starts forming a lake that runs and stops right there There was like sitting in can and they will like I thought I was back home again. Oh, no, no, we didn't get one It made you you didn't get wet at all isn't that nice for an event? Thank you Neil You're wonderful. You're so welcome Every day. Thank you. Bye bye. I wondered why didn't see her because she had the good seats Would he graper gives me his seats and why didn't Woody graper or one of you very helpful people out there bother telling me yesterday 450 calls with directions. Oh, here's how you get to this coral sky amphitheater Nobody bothered telling me that this is this thing is a joke at least take a jacket Maybe you know a an umbrella maybe a poncho maybe all three of the above This thing is as open as a Kathy Willis. It's as open as Monica Lewinsky. Who that's right Monica? That's her moniker the coral sky amphitheater So if they paid me a thousand dollars to go there again, I wouldn't even think about it And now I'm here and you know somebody called any yesterday. Oh, I saw aerosmith there was really great the acoustics are great Of course there was a 45 minute warm-up show. Let me just tell you this okay the back street boys were at the Skye-doll in Toronto. They were Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. They performed at the biggest facilities all over the world They come to the coral sky amphitheater Aerosmith comes to the coral sky amphitheater Doesn't it rain like 70% of the days in the year and maybe more than that in Florida isn't there in especially lately with everything that's going on A chance that you're going to get soaked now all those young historical girls there they didn't care because they were already wet when they came in I but believe me soaked those hormones were it made no difference the one sitting way in the back Namonga city they don't care and the show is great kids were great. They do a great job They put on a tremendous show the acoustics in there are great But what kind of an effing places that coral sky amphitheater? I wouldn't take my dogs there You know, I think about these assholes that go to outdoor concerts It reminds me the last playoff game that really sticks in my mind that I went to with the dolphin sandy egg We've game a few years ago when it poured cats and dogs the entire game and the third quarter Somebody finally passes me back about a $2 punch roll and of course I'm sitting there at that point I just gave up I figured in the morning is sitting I've even got a scratch in my throat for some miracle Just like today. I have no idea how I didn't even get a scratch in my throat either because the rain The wind is just rolling all of this rain in there like all over your head now the lake is forming at your feet And after they did the last song before the encore I said okay, let's get out of here We make a run forward got got about halfway toward the back because you can't from what do you see? You can't go up there your front way. Oh, no, you can't get through there You got to go all the way to the back and around all the seating to the parking lot out there in the middle of the pasture It's like going to the buffalo raceway the hampered fair in Hamburg, New York It's a cow pasture, which is nothing wrong with the county fair. I mean, that's fine everybody likes pigs and chickens and they there are plenty of pigs there I would say there was like 90% the teenage girls there. There was about 5% guys And there was a few queens and so when I finally there's this 15 minute intermission between his waist of time 45 Minutes warm-up backs and when the basket boys come out So now I figured well I gotta go take a leak. This is a great time. So I go back there and I'm walking out and of course Now the rain is coming and I get to the back of the thing and I start walking away and I hear some I just can't wait to see those five beautiful boys some queen but some screamer back there some Screaming queen and at that point I wish I would have had like a poncho just to put over my head and shame like what is this Faggot doing here okay? I mean, I'm about to just a little bit sweetheart. I'll I just can't wait to see those five beautiful boys And by the way Nick will be 18 for three more days. Okay, so put it away sweetie You like a great cigar. I sure do well. What's life without a good cigar if you're a guy or woman who wants to be a guy or who just wants to be a much a woman Whatever next is the place to go to get your great cigars I Like girls Almost have a little bit in trapped themselves Girls All's effort for doing has a little on the side But it's a bad situation when the leader of the nation gets his kids from doing it with ugly chicks That is not a good situation to end it with a resignation Oh Can't dismiss a do-girl Can't be with a stick hair and an over five I'll see if I can see it on the face lots of girls Kind of like jack Kennedy, but he has better eyesight Must you see it's a bad situation Unlike the Kennedy administration who went for starlet days as opposed to power forces too And that's the leader of this nation Imagine a powerful street They had wrong role and I get a wrong with the bad knows It's a situation if I have to end it with my resignation So I can't admit I'm an idiot And then of course we got this Clinton crap to deal with now the guy just cannot keep it in this pants Which nobody nobody cares about that nobody cares but why so many lies this is gonna be the worst thing Here is said you know who's saying this sitting over there and I just rubbing his uh chemical weapons together now Just having a great time Because now this office gates everything even that's crazy old name with a dress down there in Cuba That go takes a on the backboard. Oh, there he has Santa Clara Cuba. There. I Bop, bop bop bop bop Nice dress bop he didn't fall down he can pretty close to fall in the pretty damn close then we find out that the pastor was a one-time altar boy You wonder why he's backed out you wonder why he's a little saw on the church one-time altar boy as in Brotherhood who god exactly so we got all we got to slick willy do what take care of we got this cool Ska ampitheta we got the panthers to take care of oh And if it weren't bad enough adding insult to injury after driver homes soaking wet from this nightmare Experts one of the worst night probably the worst experience of my life Here's a mobile and del Rey hello Yeah, no searching for a living human being Yeah, yeah I just turn in late there to say the morning you talking about the coral sky and What a nightmare a night Yeah, also the you're talking about the auditorium and one of the reasons a lot of Corey many more is I was told to Guys in the in the bicycles in the white shirts and the long pants the right around and tell you to step up at the doors The whole of a witness is bought it. Oh my are you serious? They bought it in there's a job Elvis asshole witnesses. I thought they were not home there They'd like to rest like it's gonna be out soon and then there's no more there They know purple palace and right and now the other thing Those are the joke the thing on the coral sky one of the guys was a finger in it so to speak his Mister high finger Oh no, that's a Oh my god, you know just to show you you were right there a Productions He was one of the founding fathers of that thing and then help get put it together and still as far as after People is that he's still has a little finger in it. He has this finger in a black zone. Yeah I think it's involved in the whole thing that answers everything I need to know You go and closing and I stuck up to one of the teachers here. I'll probably hang on Especially after all that good info after the lowdown. I line six take that even what's your name Monica Lewinsky never got screwed like that. I'll let she say she did Well, maybe she can compare notes with Paula and of course now he admits that he did Jennifer flowers even though we lied about it But I'm in his deposition he said yeah, I did her We don't care if you can't keep it in your pants just don't lie about in fact What they should it was just haven't come on there and with the pictures of all these broads he's done and I think he probably is rating a approval up 20% He get a 90 share easy put that JFK in his place. Oh, he's already in his place, but they can't find the brain key-wise. Hello Yes, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am yeah. What's wrong with having the horny president nothing wrong with that? After all wasn't the Kennedy if pretty horny fellow Kennedy was he was horny 24 hours a day Well, yeah, but in his case a ran in the family Well, that's okay, I mean and an Nixon had his Chinese mistress Did he yeah, I didn't know about that and Roosevelt had his mistress and of course Remember Nelson Rockefeller he had the he was happy oh really yeah gay What was a gay? He was gay, but not half here. He was happy but not gay something like that Well anyway, I think that Paula Jones is a A f***in bitch. Okay, that was good. He said Paula is a trampety such he's an f***in bitch. That was nice That was very nicer if you're gonna say that f***ing bit at least put a little bleep in it. Okay, you idiot you fall mouth old fart He just jealous that's all this old fart he hasn't got any in 20 years and like I said 40 years Yeah, we got some real service coming folks We got some real service coming because it's not just a hanky panky, but it's the obstruction of justice again Just like in watergate. It wasn't a little break in there. Nobody gave a crap about lily and all those uh hunt all those idiots with that break in At the watergate complex with a third rate boshed robbery not too many people got real excited about that because we know all about dirty tricks and Policies, but we not only had dirty tricks. We had dirty dick and if you know anything about hygiene That's not a good way to go which is probably why a lot of guys wash their hands after they uh take a leak I'm gonna say it again for the million time how about taking a washing your hands before you take a leak Treat it with respect Like the guys did like the uh violin teacher said and fame whatever it had to hide was teaching You said handle your bowl of respect like your Is what he said hey anyway here's another Arkansas governor with national political ass ass Assassations aspirations faces questions of character and ethics at a crucial point in his career Republican Mike Huckabey a Baptist preacher who has written the book title character is the issue is Accused the pocket and campaign money and hiding sources about side income I think that another good ol boy from Arkansas for the greatest decoding here Newsweek magazine reported it listen to some of the excerpts of these tapes You know that they're all excited about in which Lewinsky. This is Monica Lewinsky and right away another pig You know I'm a can he doesn't somebody want to get the president so eyeglasses between Paula Jones and this Monica Lewinsky which sounds kind of like Policies last juiced to me Anyway, they reported they listen to some of the excerpts and in which he report purportedly says she planned a lie about her relationship with Clinton If deposed in the Paula Jones case now listen to this quote I will deny it so he will not get screwed in the case But I'm gonna get screwed personally the magazine quoted the young woman is saying on the tape Don't you think it's a little later to realize that now that she's gonna get screwed as in past tense She did get screwed. She's gonna get screwed and she's who's the screw and who's the screwy? I think they're all screwy if he acts me They're all horny up there okay. They're under a lot of pressure. Leave them alone for Christ's sake They're all about your horny back did leave them to hell alone What we need is another Franklin Pierce we need another Fag and a White House. Do what what have all this Hanky Panky going on when you feel a lot no don't start even before we least get on here out gold seeing his hair mr. Porno This is my eat I get I can't have sex with the radio Because once I eat you can't really talk that thing okay, and I don't eat it He needs a goddamn microphone now at least put some Put some apostasaw Center first. Yes, I have an apartment And I want to hear from pizza law by the way who wants your business. Yes, go to the apartment and answer Popping your leaves can you you would think with your experience you'd be able to work something Fala like that a little bit better. We're just consuming you with a signal. I look at Strusting Okay, can you hear me? I'm up. You're okay. Okay. Okay. Okay for apartment and Amsterdam Which I love I'll be this. I worry what what are you doing soon? No, I'll let me just say what are you doing here mr Get out of here put that thing back and he's parking with our microphone. Oh, you don't want that down When it's open pause. Oh my god Here, let me let me get up and handle this thing here. Let me turn this shut up a minute here No, no, give me that to me here. Please. I'm begging you just quickly here. This slide it in anybody knows how to slide it in here Okay, can you hear me I want you to say it you know I live with rose my people. No, you know you got a baby Okay, can you give me now in the me got you like a guy with a bag pipes for Christ In the image George Is this a light bulb I had I had the best read guy I'm on here two of me yesterday and you couldn't hear them either This is the kind of crap that's open they give us to work with I got an important high paid you a pornographic get it A radio check 990 point exactly see if you if you tell like even of the side was for you it should be easy My emotionless I should be easy like a true heavy like a rock like a big rock Good, you know you're Jewish woman having sex motionless right speaking the Jewish woman I put it up to save lotion on shave shower and like a machine once know if you and I had do it I said no you like you men Younger and you know like a man who's really like you know well hung like me your your Rose that you're gonna be hung yeah You got me I think it married For four you didn't until I thought you didn't even know who Peter North was until I had the right Okay, okay, I got an award lifetime achievement this is for you all the categories gay straight By oh, it's one the flemmy interruptions something you know I was reading because I'm trying to think of something good Is there about you be so neat a lot? No, it is not hard at all but I was reading one of the eight million books I read on the plans I wish to how I could remember which one it was it was about the The media and the gaze and It was about in the early stone wall days and about how you inspire Magazine with the first ones that came out and like how about that Is she want to have the first child now may put a lot in screw magazine a lot of homophobic stuff in there But he would love spagots. I'm I'm bisexual. I've done a few guys. I don't want it. I'm not Peter North. No, oh I'll give you the handle that So big Look at those categories Friends, I did a lifetime achievement You know like you first love you then plus you have to I mean just everybody has to scatter like you know several yards away It's true Peter North It is true you don't he get out the life both sweetheart I know you really have to run Jeremy and Randy West Yeah, oh man right in the middle of my lunch. This must be this must be new outgoldstein diet To lose your appetite in the middle of the meal to start bringing up the schmutziest and most disgusting run Jeremy He's my dear friend, but he's your dear Would you I'll write you know Mary choose who's our mostly ugly and hairy So for Robbie Benson right so that's why to have to do their secretaries and give hook as money We always pay our women and what timing to what about Clinton with all these ugly bitches That is you isn't all right about that. I would rather Clinton was doing the pope Right at least that would be interesting probably the Pope wishes it too You're not so sure because he works like he's very close to the end if you know what I'm saying But I wanted to keep that book because it's all the categories and I'm a best costume in a porno film It's amazing and I got in a wood for the lifetime achievements for from a 19 arrests You know I've been fighting this battle. Yeah, I have for a long time But it's a fucking name how come they made a movie about Larry Flint and they haven't made a movie about you Yeah, I can walk oh Is that it was in charge? Well, I was right about another week. I would say you'll solve that problem This meal like it didn't movie made. I hope this could do it. You know I know you're a cigar smoke And now I because you are a homosexual Jew a Jew bag I'm not gonna give you this one to carry you cigar and I'm giving you this one You're busy that I hope it's a circumcised it is and then you just you talked about the you know the operations You know some of this you have to know rest for the someplace and when you put you cigar at it the nice To go off. Yeah. Oh, that's beautiful. It's got a spring in it the whole day of cigar holder penis shape. Why really penis shapes? It's color certain sides and penis colored Although I've never seen a penis quite that color. I've seen many of them, but not quite that color I guess my own one's almost like technicaler Maybe this is what Jim is penis looks like that Randy was always talking about I think you know that one's great At this one is straight and she has this curve like No veins. You think my art the part of this woman down the painstow side. I mean these you can't find him Painstow if I could tell you with that are you hearing him okay in there? No no No No, no If not you know what this is this microphone is the biggest piece of crap and I 20 yesterday I got Kevin from the back street boys and AJ. I mean forget about it. He's off to the side You can't hear them and you wonder why the hell uh we're going off the air on this place They got a equipment that I wouldn't wish I'm going to write your name I'm going to write your name I'm going to write your name So I have these guys on the show these kids yesterday who are harder than a pistol You probably never heard of your two wolves I heard the kids calling in for free ticket But so in the liner notes on their CD in fact I've got to hear somewhere It's Jesus this and I want to thank the Lord But anyway, so what are they talking about yesterday because they've been the last year touring the world And about how great Europe is and how there's so much light years ahead and so much more in lightened And they have so much better sex education and they keep there so much more broad minded and how much they love Amsterdam And what a trip to red light district with it goes to show you it take these if we pressed American glam like that And you let them go around the world and see what the real world is all about it's a miracle Well, as I told you I did a poem and I wish I could hear you What do you do? You said you saw what we said in your lap I'm not ready for suicide yet So but Amsterdam. I'm at a coffee shop. I'm having refuf a $2 Moroccan hash Smoky tuban cigars and his sex action two blocks away and the and you know that's a society They're runs beautifully the exams are on time right every thing works the haring and may is wonderful There's not even long lines in the tunnel nothing and then I'm feeling and we think we're free in America I love it at the emergence They If it moves they'll sell it so you welcome to my apartment It's in the red light in the red light district which I know you'll hate being it's it's the hustle How do you know that's what I want to be I signed the lease in two weeks yeah and a 16 hundred yielder It's a boy 80 bucks a month Yeah, it's peanuts so I know the cheap to live there's that which you're telling me no, but this play five found it's great Because I want what is it like a two by four woman a you very One flight to work if you are registered into the Amsterdam. Oh, it's very tiny and you're gonna walk up to flight I'll be carried by roads so why don't you just bring me the key and you'll never be able to get in any Carrying me if you're a resident of Amsterdam you're allowed to growing a joint so I want to learn What's your what the culture? I want to have a green son. I want to grow my own grass Have tuban cigars and I want to ignore this American government nonsense I hate our countries we have leaders like so I say only in peach your Clinton we ought to like make you present I'd be good no be excellent. I'd be good. Everybody can wear that t-shirt. This is if you I have enough friends I love that I've made this all for you many times midnight below is on c-band If you ever want a D-sclam bluff you just call me I get you one first. Yeah, but I might accidentally come across their bond You're in oh choice the three stations every every minute so yeah if Ronnie's on the Randy West is on switch to another station You would you I can say this 300 dollars. I gotta say this to the fact that Ron Jeremy has actually made money in the point of Business no, you know you're laughing, but you know what I'm gonna say the fact that he it goes to show you the Jews are the best Merchants in the universe because the fact that anybody would pay to see him doing anything I mean I'd pay him to put more clothes on but that's the reason because you're gay think of me as a straight man I have a woman I want some action. I want to see you guys want to see Ron No, they can't we want to see a guy with a human We want our women to see Ron Jeremy so they like us the only thing Ron Jeremy's got going for Mrs. Double joining. Yes, and they still fat now What the hell was that What the hell was that You really have to learn your trade. Okay. Let me do the break this so help me God. This is so unbelievable this place This is easily broadcasting at its finest look. We can't even have a big 600 pound guy here who doesn't even move around But sit down in front of a microphone is they equipment here. I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Camler I wouldn't wish it on the Wiod for crying a lot. That's how bad it is Wiod Oh, I hate that station listen if you want That the honey tune now Goldstein the perveror porn the Jew porn man I always always mentioned that by the way of course not today Goldstein wouldn't give it away But so no, you know these people always talking about the Jews being the perverors of pornography and being the problem with Hollywood and with TV Internet all these virulent anti-Semite To be excuse but there really which ones on that choose Larry Flint you have to know Bob Kuchioni right? I'm like a minor luminary small player small potatoes as we say So here's the notion of Serragsy now he is this year is our 30th anniversary. Yeah, I'm so some we have a big clown in September I hope you're giving away cats in New York. It's his guaranteed free pussy for you So there must be given away cats at school. Yes, he is he is and here's now if you ever done an Asian chick have you ever done Asia wonderful if you need Asian men also very tiny you know if you go to a bodello in Bangkok Which apparently charge a white a Caucasian mocha this would this would more well-hunged So I think they tried you by the inch yeah, so it's like two inches I pay for so You got double on me. I'll tell you that So I was asking that the other day about very this I don't get too personal very time I'm trying to no, but sir. I understand But I'm being tight no, but you know something if you lost 600 pounds you find you find an extra inch Okay, and the James fun movie this a great line The James wants says that I am a cunning linguist. Yeah, that's why I'm a cunning linguist So women still find me attractive So another day I've already been urgent and you can't you basically why remove I'm a normal woman so when I look down on a woman I'm a lesbian So it's a case that's so that's why I didn't know I was you in the gay world I'm I'm homosexual I wanted to be a feminist. I wanted to be a lesbian and if the two Jewish wives and the Jewish fiance I'm not but you're not married. You're not gonna get married. I love her deeply, but I don't want to judge The lawyers I like this Have you a Jewish lawyer would you marry a Jewish lover? Are you actually having sex with this or not? I'm on YouTube. Yes, so I'll We're every two months. I think tomorrow's like a major workout How about you when you're training for it? I do a tongue To rob it. I want to cheat yes, but you're not having intercourse. I don't believe in this I'm not What did I say? I know it. I'm a moral sex. I feel like so much better about life in general You know, I mean, I don't want to make it a personal thing I'm trying to embarrass you and losing some weight. I did it once before and you come up with you I know you're human there for one I'm that is large. I mean we thought thank God we least got the pop to pick on how we saw him here today The death watch is on big time it by the second by the second. He's not looking to be so in two. Yeah He has a factory run to tow five done He has a vacuum He has a fat rear end Don't say they like fit right in in Cuba man because all the Cubans have got the very lucky women Why is it so proud that the effect dies? I mean if I was fat if somebody's Spanish women with it with their short pants I would cover up. I mean if you're big and fat a leisure But you did moon George before you came on here That is the most disgusting thing I've ever seen in my life. You know he could have a rest I thought oh He had a wreck all right. In fact anybody that saw your moon would have a rest his wife crystal Have this to love my moon this year really I bet it's a talk alone. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised So what are we gonna do it much your way? How did you lose the weight? The light I went to North Carolina Play school the right guys Oh Then I discovered a biscuit bill So I tried it and I'm gonna say no, don't you only biscuits The tasty yeah, you don't like anything you stay Don't eat biscuits. No, what's your vintage food? Ice cream ice cream Ben and Jerry's You see no You ever have a Look at me. No fish food. Never have been Jerry's fish food. No. I swear to God A pint of that will say you off on a binge the likes of which I'm telling you it's like real real real super dark chocolate loaded with whipped cream and marshmallows and big chunks of chocolate It's like fluffy road only two pounds Yeah, get out of here with it I was just thinking that do that bad so thing You know that's the problems bad people like the heat What's up raw with eating you could just lose the goddamn weight we like to eat we appreciate food What's that hobby? Mubby flavor? Rubby Bobby that's the old jewiz They say like a grand jury of village. I'm a friend of the food review is there was no fox big fat guy Always on the thought he gets fat of I went to play the West Palm Beach to get a no I didn't like that last breath I heard yeah Like that well I was I was gonna chill my chill I didn't like the last breath but but for two hours we never once talked about sex But giant is Venus is any of that talk about food Boring you with a love did you want to talk about sex foods far more interesting now more diverse All the different beings that you can only have sex for so long but you need for a lot more And eat forever yeah, yeah now in your case it sounds like you can do both all Do we they're depending on what you're eating yeah during a meal I can I can turn to a barbed for a walk up back to the buffet table Sex what can I do unless I use a splinter I can't do it again Great buffet okay, what's your favorite buffet? Let's talk food This is a good predict Pretty good the fact that you know it you don't want to lose weight is what you know you're happy being I'm looking for food even though you even though you know you're gonna kill you I read a dice five years early you just got through tell me before you came on here That you did the the fend fend thing yeah, and then we just got a bad valve. Yes, he did for two weeks You already got a bad valve in your heart right nice wasn't worth I should have stayed fat yeah I wouldn't have been healthy how many people bought diet about a table Neil people die in break legs and chimms Show me someone with a risk grain of the buffet table I don't know I have a friend in LA to take 150 pills I said you'd be jogging on the side of the road and truckers on the run you over But you're not ready you're not old enough for safety of the fate No, here's some nice cafes over my spagas. I went to the hotel you hated Real sweet yeah because the whole was good 95 that launch My food stations you handle I don't the food was great I was there for two hours eating and then I had my friends and tell a join us my friend friends plural Oh, how's Alex better to him by the way? I am a public now. So when he was five you know was he real working Alex better was fired. Oh, what a piece of bad news What for lack of talent? I thought he was sick out there. I thought I was ready was number one. Yeah, I went to my friends Boy, I only worked with us. I thought he was number one and number two I'm trying to expand it to God sake. So yourself a favor. Well, you're pal I told you finally you're friends chains. Yeah, he called me three three years ago I wanted to open it. I would I would have thought by now you would have had a tummy tuck and your face We've done in your eyeballs rear that that's his whole stick now is I know it's making you pigs yeah peanut peanut a long peanut implants and which in your case? What's going on? I thought I was in one from that's all I want. No, no, full rest of these good food desserts That's what it's all right September 11 and I'm calling you look I hope you'll trade your talent in the you up to the 30th anniversary party I haven't been in New York in that. I think your case too sterile now for me The food's good. You're going to Disney. You'll visit the Disney people before you Sacrificate don't let show your sleeves in the meat market Well, we have a woman who strips it with an odds of he shoots arrows and he scripts a clothing off I'm gonna throw a lecture money. They name for her head so we'll have entertainment value But New York must be boring now though The mayor cleaned up the whole goddamn time square who now wants to go to support? New York and Jay walk but there's a lot of lean those great food Yeah, oh, you know where in the upper here. No, no, no, no, I mean There's one here. No, I'm so much the one in New York the one in the Yorkham third street Yeah, right Italian Casa d'Alla little Italy you come to New York for three days with me I'll fat you on I have a better idea you'll come to Rome with the me No, let's go to Amsterdam together, but not for food now see what are you carrying what you all Jesus food and Amsterdam the worst you better you better be in training you ready for a lot of sex because the food there Either sex or drugs or both because the food there I ate and I told us on here I ate most of my meals and McDonald's I was doing the ad kind of I threw away the buns I would stand and they don't even look at you. You know like an Amsterdam Nobody cares what you're doing or you know and so you throw away the bun your standing with a wax paper around the meat You just got meat in your mouth which you do a lot and Amsterdam anyway and And that was it that was the highlight was eating the McDonald's which anywhere else in the world I would never go near there, but that's as good as it gets an Amsterdam mediocre food not into the plates the food's boring We would bring and the Chinese food man. I'm gonna tell you something Stay away unless you want to grow test camera. That was it in the middle of your you know have a mouth full of food all in your case One of you in there, but that's that three and a half months I suffered until I finally got rid of him away from eating Chinese food in Amsterdam They put enough pepper and enough spices and enough MSG It's on book because they figure everybody's stone anyway. They want all the difference I'm thrilled you love it because it's a great country It is the whole country which if you've been other part like a you-tractor or the hope Hey How did it hey? Yeah, I remember the mayor of New York I called he used to be the mayor of New York and how was it boring? But I friend of mine has a Dungeon there and and but my friend and then Dennis Hoppe along to his who were house and cost in Nevada and Beating up for two hours beat him up for two hours and he had 12 more guys in 31 minutes Something with technology and stuff. We don't want to go into it to grow Back to This You're a theology for nougat first in pre- I'm pretty it about the pornography and I know that eaters are pretty malgrossed in his here and and eat just what now Did you really eat the cereal that you brought the last time? I know I put another bar that was at Costco. Yes. I love it I got the honey Cheerios. It Cheerios is good for you So anybody after that's not a diet. I'm sure that Allen I really help it you accomplish your goal We'd like to eat with you now if if you're gonna offer yourself right there's last meal I want you to to notify us when you're gonna do this Better publicity than the goddamn Pope if I die on the air so now let me see in the United Is this issue before is this pre-depoke? Yeah, I didn't even do the Pope. You didn't do the Pope. I didn't even you know I didn't think of it This we'll then I think that even a pulper grudge village. No, but you know it is it's so boring The politicians and the news is it's all they talk about is Miami and the fascist Cubans who left These George is a liberal but I hate I hate these ex patriots who have left the del and then none of them ever Defend the Tista they wanted to benefit del except for the T-sum and all they want is they're property back But they ripped off everyone else at the point of the T-sum 90% of the country was the leader Why would they rip the T-sum? They were buddies with the T-sum That's right because he was a little fan there's in crime There's I mean they are the ultimate who is the two community I believe that and if they roll this ago off of me I understand if they put a cast tail in it But they are gross people and it is I mean they blow up museums They're empty freedom and then of course cleansing being the pimpi is I mean I can't believe we're anti-cube a China's all right Vietnam. We had a war with and now we have an embassy We are at this pickable country. I mean I really want more take. I'm gonna live in Amsterdam permanently But you know something now like what happened in Copenhagen? Look at how the rest of the world is becoming more uptight and more like this country and more sanitized the whole world is become a sanitized No, perverts like us are out of business. Yeah, but no Copenhagen did you where you were ever there? I was there. I remember typically God I'm gonna not talk about typically garden long before I ever went to Copenhagen. It was the capital of Pronogra. That's right And now it's like forget it like we had enough and we're not interested now We go to typically gardens and we march around and it's a little boring. I mean talk about boring people are very nice But in Florida and Florida's always been the worst close and worried about topless clubs and stuff You know what was I doing all your years of radio and all your years of being in front of this microphone Have you ever found this following statement not to be true? The more moralistic the person is in public the more the hypocrite he is in private And the more homophobic they are the more likely it is it's in your class. He wants to do it But he swag and I mean I know you don't like issues whether it was Jimmy swag at a Jim Daycom I first arrest In many old of the guy then with the jail three years later what about cheating? And then I don't know if you missed this but two days ago because of my dish I either saw extra inside edition There was a guy on TV six months ago a cop who would list in the names of John's who were busted He just got busted for corruption good Doesn't it always happen it never fails That's the thing I had about Clinton. I mean you're right bad taste But he wants to worry about indecency on the internet selling 10th house at PX's that low life I mean I'd lose it because I Because I I just didn't have a girl. He's so self hating the his sexual excesses He doesn't want to have any of us have any fun but him. He was only ugly women from self I really do hate but you do know the days gonna come maybe we won't let the see if a did they will come that somebody is gonna Had the balls to stand up and say what you just got to say It'll come eventually I hope it will say well wait a minute. You know something We don't care about these things. It's all about your bullcraft. It's a political clap track Because again just go the way he cares how much he's screwing around nobody we need care if he had enough Intelligence not to be lying about it not to be covering it up He's gonna line up with the same thing that Nixon wound up You mark my words. It's gonna be the same crap again. I agree with you. I might fair. There were Amsterdam is I'm sure you pick a low fair New York to Amsterdam KLM $300 round trip coach you fly coach. Yeah, yeah, I tried to do all great Let's go animal race you fly coach a big shot like I can't how do you spit that? Seriously how do you fit that 600 pound ass into a coach? What do you get three seats one three or one oh I say it's emergency row and this oh I haven't done it yet I did fly Alliance first class is the first of them doing coach and I know I want to catch my my other two You're going and you're going in cargo There's no there is no way still stick your ass out in each gear that they got there We got to put your luggage on the following is only and so Not a powerful but real tomorrow flying DLA. I'm gonna be on friends a much 12 episode There's some scene involving Pinaagraphy and they're gonna have me on camera really much to not make it not make it all Thanks God, oh this queen isn't big enough to show my huge mail member So I want to issue that this work the league program you have for a Puerto Ricans and two pins run Reak is when when is this time up in you and then you're high in the next Spanish Person the original that a three year appointment contract. Hey, hey, it's time is up the next one's gonna be look a lot better than that You know why do I have someone you're team bags? I mean, do you do them to you grease them? I'm not the least but interesting. Why you said I think you got a good point I mean why not your highest so many you can do yeah, that's a good idea I only hire people I want to have sex with but when put questions for you until you're a commercial feel I bought I'm a birthday I paid for usual George's meal and this wife's meal now where was this a Paisco hop split steak with $12 but here's my question house pancakes No, no, no, no, hop this go my question is is this new I have this discount is equal I mean, it was as he was supercated or have you was that I was gonna think you ought to night But you're going to the track so I am I said eight right yeah, you escape Yes, are you searching for a new sensation in dining if you're tired of that same old Month and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why That's right folks because here at the why We've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet and you've never seen a red light this was Featuring some of the most selfish is on trade you've ever hated and if you like eating Mexican You'll let the wife because every night is Ocho night or it you enjoy the taste of wild day our chef for a fairer Making soft and rapid baked in a golden flower cross That's right Hair pie it's all here Literally mounds of typing hot food including juicy steak cooked medium rare Because when chewy at the why all the meat is in the middle or if you like spicy food Here's an unusual on trade Red hot change in fuel state talk about a piece of acid brings fear theorize It lifts second good this you both put a mess oh the next time chewy it out Light on down to the why I'm just for one again That's just like the evening is a little bit of a special to the woman but you really aren't sure because you didn't have no idea what it's like That's right. I tried to but I thought you were having the operation. I thought you were like on a way to being once and you can't find your Being with it's not completely I'm still I'm still I'm still in different harm. Oh, it's just slightly inverted at this point. It is and actually it's bigger than George I mean I've heard of an ingron toenail. I'm maybe he size If it's really ingron I could do myself no, but I every woman I've interviewed I don't want to get wrong because I don't get do that pull off on someone yeah, and plus the dump goes off to so don't I'll be not be very good, but every put every put away after so my interview them for mid night below my show of 22 years I was here some who who is better a connollingist a man or woman everyone never been an exception Everyone in this end of woman It's no surprise and I'm always amazed that It's my woman was with another woman that's one of the turn on What's my turn but if I said hey, maybe I want to see me with a man She say oh no, no, no, you're a faggot So we really accept bisexuality and women we love it as men But women don't like they're men being gay because maybe I don't know What's your favorite woman? I know that's y'all slow there must be a real a lot of unhappy women murdered the Cuban guys But they're the worst right this year because it's Cuban men are Very high women and a tiny men are almost all of them bisexual and of course the more they did not Not having them all tonight. They won't talk to you right but Cuban men will deny it vehemently and the more they deny it the more that means they are Well, if you look in the pages of screw we'll see all those transvestites and we call them chicks with dash You know a pretty ops 98% of them are Spanish Either Puerto Rico, no Cuban so there must be a real real big in Say, or Paulo and real right in fact, more that they say that's where the men are men and so are the women Funny it's true though. I have seen when they's advertising they might walk this in the New York City and I see these Struggly beautiful women and then they turn around and they guys So I I can tell gender anymore and when I was young to me a gay guy was a femininity Walk this door you know now a gay guy somebody who's only gay guys A lot of facts in my neighborhood as the only people always married guys walking their dog That's this hell tail sign against one. I don't walk my dogs. How do you like that over that? This was my Theory in the 1950s but now you know a guy can be a quarter back a football player or a stereotype I've ever done on gay or straight Has has has disappeared and I don't care how many hockey games you watch how many times you see the Godfather It doesn't make you watch you have you have the yeah, cool trimmons of a macho What what is macho macho the guy who's a sport fan all these I hate sports and I hate sport fans We won't this is good that you got in this because on this radio station being you know Sports they are fondress they really believe and that are times you hear something guys almost come right out and said They believe that unless you are real I'm not talking about just a hockey fan like I am I used to like how this sports But they become boring, but unless you live and breathe sports and love to gamble on it too that you're a Faggot that is it basically you're a real panty. They're not a real man unless Sports is your entire life. I feel that all the people who listen to this station all these fans yelling and say We won't we we want I think of T. S. Elias the hollow men the empty man can't I live We didn't win it's like looking at Ron Jeremy and a film having set thing we got late No, you can get ready to run Jeremy that way It's like here. And wasn't that go says yeah That's like watching me at a buffet we ain't no I hate you more on you so many I mean despite here either that would be the I just gave it the next best idea for screw magazine You already did it, but I done it is to out all the gay athletes