Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger Channel, not a Neil called 560-560-3 for David Broward or Count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Bees re-read acquisitions or the Bees Re-Rotters. Neil Roger on Sports Radio 560 QA. It's Friday, you wear spirit of the YOD. Oh, Neil. Oh, it's the Neil Roger. There's power that Neil's president say, man. I'm the most powerful guy to invent in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, it's the Neil Roger. I'm the most powerful guy to invent in the world. That's so amazing. There's a made out of sheep on the wall. Here's the number of people. Just that to taste this smell. That is. While 86% of newborn boys in this country are circumcised, they procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia. I have no preview. I'm going to be in the hall. Neil Roger. Oh, it's the Neil Roger. I'm the most powerful guy to invent in the world. Neil Roger. Neil Roger. Oh, it's the Neil Roger. I'm the Neil Roger. I'm the Neil Roger. I will ask you guys a lot about the radio the company that's perpetuated this kind of behavior. You check the app. You have me. Yeah, you've served. You have me. Yeah. Neil, again, it's an all-john provocateur. I don't have a boat's, but I'll see you guys. Hey. I think I'll much help you and I won't go. I know that before he said we're not wearing your rockets. Father of the school. God. Neil Roger. Hey, hey. Is there any processing? Yeah. There's a look up. How's that, Angel? I'm so much on that. I know how to know who you are. It'll do my job as well when I say it. It doesn't matter. It's great radio. I am the hymnor. I don't have a longer cord than a piece of cramp look at this. It's like a shirt's dancing. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his hand. Stay home, Neil. I'm going to play so far. It's like a freak in the house. It really does. I want to be left to freak alone. Okay. I'm going to punch the chicken. You got a boat. That'd be made to look for that girl. I love it. Yeah. Neil Roger. Oh, shit. That's their fay eye. There's no one that's pressing it. I'll say it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, shit. Yeah. There's no power that else press it. I'd say man. I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world. I'm so lazy correct. Channel 3 at 5. 60 WQM. Happy Friday. Happy birthday to me and everybody else who's having a birthday today. Thanks George. Brought me my lean, lean, real-in machine for my birthday today. And the sales department came in here. I also thanks to my good close personal friend Dominic Terry the plumber. So, I came by yesterday and fixed my leaky pipe. There's nothing worse than having a leaky pipe right before your birthday. It was like, Scored Scored all over the place. Thanks Dominic, you're a good guy. Didn't want to date. Didn't want to eat a whole song. And then came by with a minimum of fanfare. Didn't even charge me. I don't offer it but didn't charge. Thank you Dominic, you're a good guy. Good work. Thanks to Sherry and Lou Jacobs who brought me by a big thing this morning. A big mural. Pantheon mural of Brian Scrootlin. And a nice computerized homemade card. You know, I bet you the people in the hallmark people. I bet you the heat computers, you know, because now that the people can make their own computerized Weeding cards, I bet you the hallmark people are pretty good in pissed off about it. But anyway. So thanks, Sherry and Lou. So our whole sales department comes in here this morning. And then got a big, look at that. Look at that thing on the wall over there. Hmm. A huge mural of the entire QAM sales department, such as it is. And guess it was in the group, by the way. Wait, this is a lot of clicks about it. Right. But one thing to say about that picture. Yeah. Also I colored permanent sharpies. Hmm. Take a look at that. Yeah, even Scroan was in here and brings me. Wait, Tyler, read Scroan's card here. You're all going to love this. I bet the only person from the sales department that missed out on his whole Chindig. Yeah, he was in here. He's busy with OJ and Piedraug. I guess. Let me be hanging out with Sam. So here's a lovely, oh, oh, look at that. I just had to lick the back of that greeting card from Scroan because I got mung on it from my birthday cake from Delights. Thank you very much Delights. By the way, my good friend, Al over there. And Piedraug, I'm bringing it in even though we don't have that spot on the log. Yeah, if we got that spot on the log. No. No. On the same day that she's continuing playing games. Scroan comes in here like I said. Boy, does she have a lot of cuts, huh? And brings me a beautiful Tommy Hill figure. Sure, the right size in the whole deal. Yellow, no less. Canary yellow with stripes. Lovely. Thank you so much, Delight. But you know something, you're still a piece of crap. And her card says, Neil, with a little teeny tiny writing. Neil, I know you're very mad at me this week. And hate me like poison. Yeah. But I'm still your biggest fan. Love, Lue and happy birthday. And then it says, Oh, oh, one the side. Yeah. Boy, does she have a lot of cuts back? Right. Well, we don't have one that says boy, does she have a lot of cuts, but if we did, I'd be playing that over and over again. I was standing in the, uh, thrill of this morning shaving and I was looking at a mirror and thinking to myself, at what point do you stop counting birthdays? In other words, at what point do they stop being something you even paid any attention to? With me, it was like after 50. You know, people, uh, get a punks that are like in their 20s. All authority, it's like the end of the world. And then of course 40 is like middle life and the end of your life. But once you get to 50, at that point, least for me, you just stop counting. It's just another one of those things. It's a nuisance on a calendar. And sometimes you get something nice like the lean, lean, miling, miling machine that's your, give me. Hold the works. I love George Forman and a gleaming machine. I'm going to stick some hot meat in there a little later on. And look at this, not only do the people inside the building recognize me on my birthday, but even the people over there are queer channel recognized me. See, I know if I'm going to promote somebody, I'm going to spend money for an ad in the paper. I'm going to be sure to mention my name. I'm going to put in there. Oh, God! I should probably did input what time I'm on. That'll be next. Yeah, the sports page and the second-in-side sports page in the hell this morning. Neil likes Phil. What's that, tell you? The Phil Henry Show at the Super Talk, etc. And so what that tells me is the fact that my name is the first word in there that I haven't really feel must have been right. I end up as tall talent in America and that they're very, you know, excited over the fact that even ever mentioned his name. Are you sure positive? So I do like Phil, but you know quite frankly, we're still doing okay. Last time I checked. Desk, but Peter, Desk, but not too creative. Okay. And if I wasn't the next day I'd say Phil says Neil's the best talk talent in America was in the paper last week. By the way, speaking of what's in the paper, God. If I can find an under the sea of a crappier, very jackass does it again. I got to get this out of here. One moment, please. No, seriously, I keep going. Oh, that's a crap. Don't take it personal, Peter, but I was that. God. I'm looking all kinds of crap over here. And most of it looks pretty suspicious, by the way. So anyway, Barry Jackass has got this thing. In fact, both of our local newspapers have got one thing in common. They both love radio and TV stations and shows that have no audience that have basically a, you have a point five or less. They love you. Barry, the fairy writes a great column of sports town searching for ratings. That's the headline. Wami anchors consistently excel. But basically the the thrust of the whole article is nobody's watching. They have a point five. Even we had better than a point five on Wami. Okay. They have a point five better than the fan that Perry has been writing about breakfast week. And the fan, by the way, is going to be doing that big high school football game. They're improving all week on a cell phone because they're equipment didn't arrive in time. So they're going to be broadcasting a high school football game tonight on a cell phone. By the way, did I tell you that stuff off the top there? It works. I'm serious. I'm already getting the, oh man. I sure hope I don't have what I had yesterday. I told you about those sugar free candies. The low carb candies from Delights. But the each have four carbs. Please, I'm begging you. Like for little snack to tidy over one or two at the most. Because it'll eat a lot of them. It'll make you shawl boy. Wow. I mean. Wow. Seriously, I mean, I don't think I can't remember last time I lost three pounds in one day. And you know where it all went. Just like my life right down the drain. Wow. And the Harold, not to be outdone. Oh, I see it's both in the hero. I'm sorry. Like I said, the hero like shows that had no audience. The hero not only has an article, but an editorial. An editorial in the paper this morning at the bottom of the tutorial. Oh my God. 20 years of brighter mornings. Radio as it should be. About a guy named. And here's even his picture on the editorial page. Bob Edwards. Did we ever hear of Bob Edwards? No. Do I know anybody who ever heard of Bob Edwards? No. No. I heard of Ralph Edwards. No. I heard of Doug was said, was Bob Edwards? No. No. So we'll get to that. And because it is my birthday, we'll take, you know, some of these calls. But I'm going to play a lot of stuff today. Kids are out of school and honor my birthday today, which I take very, very seriously. Huh? That's kind of a nice gesture on the part of the school boards. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WDQAM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the press. No. No. WQAM. These three as position course. You. Yeah. Listen to me. It's a stand-by in the Pacific. And it's a stand where everything is out that a high-sophic instandards. The selection isn't just huge. It's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And so fucking prices aren't just low. Yes, so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say self-ecking as a beautiful school, I mean self-ecking beautiful. When I say step-in-touple, I mean self-ecking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the self-ecking and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. A stand that's so fucking courteous. And price is that a self-ecking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom-a-frank, and stine. So fucking good. You're selling franky. So fucking good. 15-560WQM-a-married woman is having an affair. Whenever her lover comes over, she puts her nine-year-old son in the closet. One day, the woman hears her husband's car in the driveway and puts her lover in the closet as well. Inside the closet, the voice says, it's dark in here, isn't it? Yes, it is. They'll have a replies. You want to buy a baseball little boy asks? No thanks to man replies. I think you do want to buy a baseball little boy says. Okay, how much demand replies after considering the situation he's in. $25 little boy replies. $25 demand repeats but complies to keep the kid quiet. The following week, the lover is visiting the woman again when she hears a car in the driveway. And again, places the lover in the closet with her little boy. It's dark in here, isn't it? The boy starts off. Yes, it is demand replies. One of my baseball clubs, the little boy asks, okay, how much the hiding-level response acknowledging is this advantage. $50 dollars the boy replies and the transactions completed. The next weekend, the boy's father says, hey, son, get your baseball and global place in catch. I can't I sold them replies the boy. How much do you get for him said the father expecting to hear the profit in terms of lizards or candy? $75 dollars the boy says. $75 dollars, that's the where I'm taking into the church right now. You must confess your sin, ask her forgiveness. The father explains to the halls the child away. At the church, the little boy goes into the confessional. He draws the curtain sits down and says, it's dark in here, isn't it? Don't start that crap in here, the priest says. All right. I said thank you whoever affects that, that's lovely. What name did I get wrong by the way? He's back on, he'll tell you himself. Where is he? Oh, it's a lawn. What did I call him? Oh, Lou, we're not even called worse than that, I'm sure. Hello? It's black. Oh, it's black because you didn't- But I know I checked it this morning. But it's black. I can't turn over that fast. No, I have to hang up on all these people including the, uh, we got all these people online. I'm not kidding. Somebody's a man's to be in. Somebody real from Amsterdam, I'm like the effect that we had to do with it. So in other words, I'm my birthday. This is what Greg Reggie is me for my birthday. Again, a phone system that doesn't work. I'm hearing that. It's a girl. There you go. That's what I get on my birthday from management. Even the sales manager, that bitch gives me a nice Tommy Hill, a few years shirt. Well, I've flinted you the program director brings in a beautiful, and by the way, it's delicious. Thank you. And I saw these are cubed, the cheeses and meat from publics. I'm sure it's from publics. It's great. The delicious. Birthday card here signed by all kinds of people, even the prestigious kid, Curry who says you're right. She was a great piece of ass. But what do I get from Greg Reggie? A phone system that doesn't work again. Even on your birthday, you can't smile in this place. Even on your goddamn fricking birthday, you have to have a sour push. It wasn't bad enough. I saw that fricking bitch that was in here. See, and by the way, for the salespeople, I'm sorry that I seem to even more sour and moody than usual. When you guys came in here, but I saw her in the middle of the pack there, the leader of the pack. And I thought to myself, what the hell is that bitch doing in here? How should she come in here with a straight push? Is he back? No. If this is like the call we had for Managed to Ending, then how do I suppose to tell? Hello. There was some strange walking. Hello? Yes. I'm from the other? Yes sir. I really am an amateur damn happy birthday. Thank you. An ex-floor to the nation's capital. Really? Yes. Born in Brades of Miami and I escaped in 1988. You live there? I live in Washington, DC. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. But the obligation to answer them today and for a while longer. And it's overcast, cloudy, and fishing down the little ran. Dripping. It's dripping a little bit. It's dripping a little bit. They had that problem there a little bit too. Oh, yes. They're on that point. So where do you stand? I'm staying at the Marriott over the lights and plain. Oh, right. Yeah. And right now I'm at the Peabot and Central, right now I'm the street from Central Station. Excellent. Going into the red light district and having a good time. Beautiful. Have a little bit. We made the record to stop to pick up the, well, you know, rock from rock. Rock from rock. Where you stepped, it's all outstanding. I was very narrow sidewalks in narrow streets. You get a little bit of a little wet and slippery. Rocks where you said you read too. Exactly. Well, listen to saying out of my friends on the damwreck. I'm staying here that you see now. So that could be a little bit interesting. Here's the tram, listen. Can you get that? Oh, right. I'll be there shortly in a couple of weeks as a matter of fact. Well, hopefully we'll let their clear up for you. I'm having a good time. We have all of our friends over there. I even know some of their names. Have a great time, pal. Happy birthday. Thanks. Bye-bye. See there you go. They announced it and they love me. There's a real call from Amsterdam. I'm like that Jack asked to call a couple of days ago that wouldn't, they wouldn't let him in the city. They took away his visa and passport. Here's cracking for a Lutterdale. Facts as me. Birthday which? Here's my chronic friend Michael and Kendall. Thank you very much. And Facts is happy birthday. Nice. Very nice. But then again, that kind of a sour start there because we just can't get this going for. I bet you that line nine is working all over the country today, isn't it? No. But here's a call from Venice and we don't mean Italy. Hello. Hello. Welcome to the Hill. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thanks. I'm calling to thank you for many years of enjoyment. I've listened to you often on since you're on WF, F-U-N. Oh, God. Yeah. Oh, God is right. Now I'm listening to you on 770. Great. I really appreciate your bits and you make me think and happy birthday and many more. And tell those deep bastards on that station to get you from good equipment. Yeah, I'm holding my breath. Okay. Thanks a lot about you. Have a great life. Yeah, get us in my equipment in the area. You think, uh, oh, no. Okay. Well, we'll talk to George York. Of course. So about it if he ever shows up again if he ain't doing those other 85 pick. We'll talk you out right. This place, are they ever going to change? Oh, no. Just go with a flow, baby. Just do the best you can. It's all you can do. Just keep taking the checks. Go through the motions. Do the best you can. Twenty years of brighter mornings. The total in the hairl to the picture of this guy. It was like he's about 110. Makes me feel like a teenager. Radio is it should be it says. I mean, how come they don't put in either newspaper? Yeah, New Rogers 57 today. The hottest local number one in the market for last time. Years that they put that in there. Oh, because they hate me like poison. The feeling is mutual. So what do they do? They try to puff up first of all. Very jackass puff it up whammy that nobody is watching with ratings that are invisible. With a whole gigantic column about them. And you know something very nobody is watching them. And nobody is listening to the fan that you wrote front page columns about. Nobody is listening to either one of those pieces of crap. By the way, thanks to Dr. Bob by the way for the antibiotics. I had like a little sign of infection is what's had me six these last three weeks. And I went and saw my good buddy Dr. Bob up there in the tamarag. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's just me out the back door because the front waiting room was starting to fill up with old people. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll come back door. Thank you, Gary. Forget me out of there safely. Okay. But anyway, the anti, you can even hear it my voice. I can speak today. See how you like that little flintest. It says it happens every week day. Midians of Americans wake up with Bob Edwards. Shower with Bob Edwards. Breakfast with Bob Edwards. And listen to Bob Edwards on root to work. Puked their guts out. It's a fun time. Tell me what you like. Everybody ever heard it exactly. And it says we thank heaven for that as well as listeners who do to play contribute to National Public Radio. See, this is the suit approach again. The suit approach. The suit of intellectuals. We listen to National Public Radio. I don't know anybody listens to NPR. Mr. Edwards of course it says is the genius host of one of NPR's definitive programs Morning Edition. A nutritious pop-hole re of those in teachers that today celebrate the 20th anniversary on a year. All radio should aspire to its standards. How do you like that? All radio should aspire to a guy that's nobody ever heard of before. I'm human radio. And it goes on and on and on. But on since so this and so it says the sad fact is that if morning edition didn't exist, it would need to be invented. Commercial radio is all but abandoned serious news coverage in favor of chat and shocked talk. Oh, shock talk. Metropolitan newspapers and cable news never fill some of the void, but for Harry commuters, nothings is morning's are spent on the run or with the run. Just one sure fire antidote for news deprivation, morning edition. Happy anniversary team and editorial in the hairless morning. I'm on a show of odd a guy that nobody ever heard of before. Sobbedwards. You could go out on the street right now and ask a hundred people at random. You know who Bob Edwards was and you know what they all would say? Eeeeh! That's what they'd all say. Who that? Who that? Oh, here's Lon is back and again I'm sorry I apologize for the fact that we're for a horseball radio station with bad equipment. Happy birthday sir. Thank you sir. Lon, what are your name is? I've been called much worse than Lou but Lou is pretty bad. Yeah, it is. I don't want to confuse you with that chronic Lou from the hockey games. That's right. I'm dead on a mobile. Listen, I just wanted to let you know in addition to a happy birthday. We provide free installation a few us so desire. Oh no, we'll install it. Okay. Well, then joy it. I feel a little screwy. It's the mural of a Brian Scoodle in there. Yeah, I didn't know who it was. I just knew he wasn't with the team anymore. Yeah, well that's good. The way to get to go on these days, it's probably a speaks well for him. Is that the guy worth anything? I don't know. George will tell you what I have to eat finishes. Okay. Let me know how you like that cassette. Okay. I think there's some things on there that really will charge you up. Thanks, Lon. Take care. See you, Lou. I mean, Lon. Bye, Neil. 560, 560, pound 560, the only AT&T wireless line. Here's a calling St. Pea. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Happy birthday. I just was a fan of yours in Miami for many years and got to tuck moving over here with a job. And I listened to you occasionally on the computer and I wanted to wish you happy birthday. Well, that's sweet. Have a good day. Thanks a lot, pal. Right. See there you go. Our out of town line is working every year in the number of yet. Is it working the rest of the country? No. We'd be getting calls from all kinds of places. And a guy from Amsterdam by the way was on his dime. And what was actually there on the lightest plane? Or whatever it had to call that. Oh, God. Scary, you know it. Just a thought of her coming in here that, uh, Saucotic bitch. My biggest fan, huh? Yeah, that's what Watson and Kathy Bates said to us, we'd art. I'm your biggest fan. Here's Evan Chura. Hello. Evan Chura. There's a soccer ball in it. Yeah, okay. Here's Davey. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Happy birthday. On my birthday, there's still playing games today. Yeah, I'll leave it to measly greed to ruin everything. You know what I'm saying? Not bad even the crawlers. They're playing games. Yeah. You're playing with it. Yeah, just one of the wish I had to breath it. I don't call that much. I enjoy your show. And you know, we've had many more. Okay, thanks. All right. Bye bye. Okay. I'm going to play a bunch of stuff that it's what I was going to do anyway. Because you know, it's going to be boring four hours of happy birthday. And it'll be pretty boring. Because this week has been probably the worst week I can recall ever in my life. Is line four working by the way? Oh, here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Mobile and highly. A garden. Oh, hello. How are you? Okay, sir. Hey, one time we're certain. I'm fine. Of course, I gotta say happy birthday. Thanks. I've got to tell you. The reason I call was because I'm going to answer them in a couple weeks. Right. And I heard you say that you're going to be there too. Yeah. Where are you going to be? For a way from you. Oh. I'm going for the cannabis cup. Yeah. I think it'll be exciting. Will you be there for that? No, I'm not going to be there for that. I'll probably be finding some other cups over there. But not the Canada cup. Cannabis cups. Well, I don't know what they did. Okay, a cannabis cup. Cannabis cup. Oh. Yeah, the world wide competition. Yeah. We'll be there for that. Okay. You good. Can you do me favor? Yes, sir. So, all right. One time. Okay. One time ago, I heard you play some song about your heinous. Yeah. Can you repeat that? You got it. Oh, great. Have a great night. You too. I'll see you on the day, Mark. Okay, great. See you at McDonald's. Okay. See you at McDonald's. There you'll be in McDonald's too. 279 to 10 at 5. 60 WQF. Jim Mandage talks sports. Yeah. Right here. I'm sports radio 5. 60 QAL. 200 and 10 years ago this March. Astronomer, William Hershey, who discovered the planet Uranus. To commemorate this historic event, your public library is proud to present a special salute to Uranus. Complete with books and magazines to help you study Uranus. And especially display that allows you to examine Uranus more closely. Why, after one visit, you'll be able to find Uranus with both hands tied behind your back. So stop by your library and discover Uranus today. Here's the facts from Fort Myers. Says say happy birthday to Pete too. I'm a good fan of what you're on the West Coast. Here's my birthday happy birthday Pete. Same Pete. Whatever the hell you're doing, man. By the way, you know, talk about the podcast on the kettle black. It was Greg Reed that was in here. Tell me about the fan and about the high school football game and the doing the show over cell phone and the audio. The laughing at them. He's laughing at some other stations equipment. And we can't even get the goddamn phone on the air. And he's there the week and our out of town line is working for like what about Fort counties. And you're laughing at somebody else. See, this is the experience that you have with Greg talking about radio. It's always about everybody else's deficiencies, which we ought to kiss the ground for because that's the only reason that. And here we're building, you know, we're building 35 million year. They're not building 35 dollars a year over there at the fan. So we can understand why they can't afford to get the equipment over to the broadcast to high school football game. They're not building 35 cents. We're building 35 million and we still can't get the equipment right over here. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do by now. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. I'm the mail. Yes sir. Hey, happy birthday to you. Thanks. Yes I hear you. Hey, I'll fix that as a show. I call in when I can interject them and I tell it to an opinion. I was listening to a video show today that you, you mandated no more giveaways. You'll never give another thing away in the radio station. Absolutely correct. And I must have got a couple minutes after you said that. Somebody called up for tickets that you had already given away. Yeah. Oh yeah. I had a guy. I took a pillow. I had a guy called. Yeah, a couple of days ago. My dog tickets to the game this weekend, which I gave away. How many months ago? Yeah. Yeah. Well, the reason for my call. I didn't want to give anything away. I'm going out of town November 20th. So the Tampa Fenwoon game. Right. I don't want him to go to waste. I don't want you to give anything, but if we could trade, I've got nice lower bowl of seats for that fan for the game. Yeah. I'll take a set of dolphins to get dug for him. That's not a giveaway. That's a better, you can a better deal on a trade there. I think you've got two things that I gave all my dolphins to get to the podcast. Oh, give them a little more than that. Right. Oh, I thought it was a game. No. Well, maybe I'll donate them then if I can't donate them for you to, oh, you're not going to give more to them. No, that's right. Oh, all right. It's not every birthday. Thanks anyway, pal. Say how to my client. Give a big kiss for us. Happy birthday, Neil. Happy 50, 7 birthday, baby. Look at that. You got some open lines on there. We got a whole bunch of open spots on there. Even our sales managers as we don't. I was Peter Leonard doing by the way, easy delight to see. Huh? How's he doing with that spot? Oh, what do you want to do to pal? What do you want to do? It's all done. It's done. You're done. Yeah. Pulled the chain on that thing. I'll see what happens. Let's blow this joint to bits. All right. Oh, yeah. Look at that. Look at that. Scored Scored. Wow. And you guys out there probably be impressed by this. You guys are always trying to hit the ceiling. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line at New World Famous Marginal Floor to line for a couple of counties. It's one eight, it's seven seven seven seven seven eight five Neil eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Even on my birthday, I'm sitting here pumping it pump it and the number two. It's very very sad. You know, it's really sad. Uh-huh. There's just no feeling there's no motion. And by the way, still have still had that one birthday card that came in from a guy in Palm Beach that I never want to hear from in the first place. That poet and you don't know it. That Jack asked what is OJ poem. Here's a facts from my export up Michael. Michael, they dial from other old IOD days. George says I would not remember who that is and he's right. But thanks anyway, Mike, whoever you are. Well, I didn't know when you get to be 57 to get to be old and seen out. You don't remember all these people. That's a good excuse. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. Hi. I want to hear collar wishing you a very happy birthday and many breath. Well, thank you so much. And have a good year and hope that you'll have a remote town in the area soon. Okay. Thank you. And the please pray for me. I will. I need it here. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Don't forget speaking to remote. It's a beautiful day in the Gables. Is that really well? Yeah, that's whatever it is. In the Gables next to Saturday from noon to two. That's right across from you with him. On US-1, Dixie Highway, whatever it has you want to call noon to two next Saturday. And the center one that will have the key change or the buttons or whatever you want to call. Which by the way. We got him in the hand finally. It is. Thanks, Carol. And of course, you can go to your specs at the meantime over there on the west coast in four Myers and what's the store? Coconut's in Naples. The guy said, Adam, for the best of the LCDs and cassette. And of course, all the specs here in Dave Browden, Palm Beach. Here's a mobile in four lotterdale. Hello. Hey. How you doing, Neil? Pretty good sir. Happy birthday, right? Thank you, sir. Yeah, it's Hario. I'm pretty good to man for taking a time out and going to read the book. I appreciate it. I can say that. Yeah, I'm thinking about it. Okay. Don't you carry the way, Harry. Okay. So I love you still and the birthday. And the dolphin will play Minnesota football. Okay. All right. You have a good day, sir. Whatever you say, Harry. Okay. And deliver this. There's Harry. I don't know. Keeps calling every day. Now they send me that guy down. Booking. I made him a stick of talking about it on the ear for ten seconds. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. You a-a-a. Hey, dear. Fuck you. I am the fickle. Parts. Chris. Perhaps I'll make you fucker. I am the fickle. And I am infinite in my variety. I am the potter chip. Lady Lymphley and lovingly upon your handbook. I am the sweet girl, Kevin. Small and slim. How you love the taste of my certificate, flesh. I am fickle, rubbish. Trot, fire, and lavish liberally over the top meat of your winter. And I am the mighty kosher deal. They're sing from the earth. Along. They can't hide. Covered with hundreds of tiny bumps. Who do you do to protect my sick and side blender? I am the fickle. And I am nature's feet. This message brought to you an honor of international fickle week by the fickle growers of America, who remind you to open one and fight the big one. You call that a penis? 16 to 11 at 5. 60 WCW and happy birthday Neil. Thank you. Happy birthday to all of you. I am a little bit of a lot of people at birthdays. A lot of people at birthdays. A lot of people. You're a lot of people. Your buddy can block. Like I said, the gameplay is there a lot of today. Do we have any real listeners out there? No. I've noticed that all week long. We don't have any real listeners. Always have it a game player. Quonix, assholes, old nisters, malcontents, nitwits, trog with heights. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I'm just going to play the rock. Okay. I was going to do that originally. And I saw we had some calls there in the beginning. I thought, well, maybe I'd like to rest of the week. We might actually get a little response to your day since it is my birthday. And maybe there's some people out there that have something to say. Not going to happen. Is it low? No. So what can I say? I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. I'm going to play the rock. The years in prehistoric man, he has the award for an exchange of his hands. 1046 at 560 WCM. By the way, if there's anybody out there to want to talk to Ken Black or Gary or whatever his name is, I'm not really sure if it really has a name. The longest standing misfit of the mall going back 23 years is number by the way, 305-932-8542. You might want to call in the hassle him, okay? 23 years of hearing crap. You think that just maybe once, just as it surprised in 23 years, maybe just once. Oh, you might actually have something civilized to say now. I think maybe if he versus T-T1 said might help, you don't say. I once would be a good idea. 305-932-8542 for the worst chronic of the mall. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my what a coffee Mia's aim is yeahטout purple Well, since age 12 it seems like I always smell like hot Griffin gases and dooms was pretty swear I got this off when I took my jeans off and bought it so hard It turned my under my backwards like Chris Crosse and every night I'm like oh You know that it's one of my ass bats in a fat bitch who ain't you fat smell this honey You'll see a lady man. That's my girl. I don't give a guy. I'm gonna say to think the world up my a my a ain't it my Cow back in juggie high said the problem was something I shot them in the face with my vapor the worst happened later when I covered his death with use toilet paper walking his trick club my cousins will fill the moves about Tennis took a dozen of tipper We're over to a dancer had a fucking a gong she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father I was lied to I just found out my mom don't get to know Don't say I told her I for love to be a famous rap who they corrected about three noise They don't look grapple. You know you was dirt when the living rush Leave you try to hold the back push and let me release the sky and watch that It was pretty cool But I had to go go drop the kids off and move my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my The 20-year-old at the five-year-old anybody Q, A, N, here's another guy who knows what it's like to get a whole pill softman Hello Neo. How you doing frail my friend? I just want to take a minute to wish you the happy and healthiest birthdays. Thank you so much I know I don't speak. You was often as I used to but I watch you know I listen more really yeah, man. You as I as you know the best and you are So we like it less calling more listening Only in your case we make an exception. Well, thank you my friends. Well, say What are you 57? 7. Very good. Oh my god. That's when I say I feel I remember you with KAT when you were in your 30 when I was a punk Yeah, yeah punk didn't have the ball to open his mouth and now look at you exactly Anyway, you make me proud to know you and I once again just wanted which happy broke out I'm flocking right now with Gulf Stream say hi. I'm a friend Tom Durkin by the way. Tom my he's He's I'll mention them. I'll mention you to him when I see him and In fact, he sure talking they leave both of us in his will as a matter of fact That's okay Okay, I'll do that. Thanks, Bill. Okay, my friend enjoy the greatest cup with you. Okay, thank you You too. Thanks Phil solves the theirs a good guy the voice of colder race track Yeah, Ken block how do you like that? Oh a lot to that that's a 23 years later has he grown up at all? No still the same juvenile. It's just amazing people don't change People don't change. I'm sure that's some of you out there. You know you have classroom unions some jackass and went to high school We're gonna be like 16 17 and now they're 45 50 whatever it has you are and you have a class reunion and guess what? There's still assholes the month of our assholes 40 years ago. There's still assholes. How do you like that? You know I'm talking about I think you do Yeah, him too Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello Neil good morning. Absolutely. Thank you. I got a hockey question for you Uh-huh all these guys are going after the stars and taking them out how come they don't suspend the Offender for the same late the time that's what they ought to do that's right Then if you're out for if you get somebody you're injured there out for two months You ought to be suspended two months absolutely correct But we can't do it now because the players unions got the sweet deal going but if they got any balls They better start doing that or somebody's gonna get killed. I got a car for your birthday for all you dyslexic listeners Lean dog. Okay. Have a happy birthday. Thank you. Damn god exactly lean days 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line You can feel a lot of I Carlos just brought all the mail in there. Where's all the birthday cards? He wasn't bringing mail. What was he doing bringing his best wishes? Is best wishes? So what's different about any other day? I thought he would like our arm load of mail or thousands and thousands of birthday cards that I'm waiting in here huh? See you know George has said many times that of course I think George is a little bit Carried away that the audience here isn't the same as the old I The audience it's just not the same and you know maybe you maybe I'm starting to come around after two years No seriously you can feel the warmth you know it's like sitting on the top of the Arctic circle You can feel the warmth from this crowd right through your back oh yeah Oh, look at that on a bad line because he's probably busy getting laid right now here's my good friend Jeff Cohen in between Strokes happy birthday Thanks, yeah, man I had no idea you were that old. Yeah. Well, just what man you're catching up fast. I know it's Yeah But you don't look at your act it's not a good thing still the same I was thinking at this morning Is that's did there with a sharper reason my hand I was thinking you know know different than it was 10 to 15 I would have never guessed same old fact that I was 15 20 years ago And it's not a letter okay this hand where is that spot Peter Leonard you jackass We don't care about all this crappy a bringing in here. Where's that spot by the way Just be glad Peter Leonard's not your A okay because you spot would never get on the air for war There isn't a good one in your crowd anyway We've got a bunch of aluzes near which is why they're all worried here sucking around how do you like screw-in coming in here? Is that good the dollar what well, you know, oh, I by the way when you cater her your catering something for her I understand I didn't know but could be yeah, yeah, well next time I may be I'll come over to the kitchen and cook up something special for okay dinner only that's cool Yep, I'm damaging to the backyard for some Real tasty treats for her. So I know you don't need an excuse to do something fun and special What anything for your birthday? Am I doing anything for my best thing? Nothing. 0. Yeah, okay. I didn't go anywhere That's basically what I do too. Yeah, I'm just gonna stay home and pull the covers over my head Long as you're not alone. That's a good thing. I'll be alone. Okay, okay Jeff Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Go go. Okay, okay see Jeff co-in here looking for another plug for the world famous pizza lock and he got it 567.0560 pump What was that that the smug Peter Leonard just brought me in where is his butt? It's almost still on the clock already where is his spot? And he claims it's supposed to be on the air today He's busy making funny pictures on the cocking. Oh, this is so sad so sad This is the problem here that nobody takes this not a business. It's a playground Nobody comes here to do business only monkey business Monkey business In fact, wouldn't Peter Leonard be good behind bars and the monkey jungle or just behind bars anywhere would be good Like in a rubber room Here's four miles. Hello Hello Neil. Yes. How you doing buddy? Okay. Thanks, sure. Oh, what's mad? He's on the press. No, I'm not depressed I want to be pressed till about half an hour ago. What is that? Same all crap here today. Same old stuff same day different crap anyway I'm just wanted to wish you a third day pick up your keychain and your key shirts from uh Center 1 right back for one after I buy the way don't forget Neil Rogers that come on the internet on our Website you can pick it up right off of there. I think everybody's gonna kill me now because the Dan keychain Try them crazy so that's a couple people batting at my door Yeah, I got in my hand right now. Oh really any keychain to right and I can't believe you guys actually got a one in 100 number Yeah, like yeah, and that's not that it was supposed to be working donation wide by the way, but the first it's not Yeah, Roy. I worked for the beesies. I know what that crap thing Yeah, I agreed in here making jokes about other stations equipment and we can't even get the phone calls on here But listen thanks for the memories pal and give me these is a big kiss right on the old fact Ever write the That's what I say Just hold your nose okay just put a close to none. You know as first that helps Of course anyway the dress is like that that you know sleeps in her suits you can probably I'm pretty aromatic Five-sick oh what's that number on the out of town line? I'm glad you asked let's see if it's working out of it Maybe it is working all around you think it is no how do you know that? We're gonna change carriers so that we can get those features that we desperately need yes Oh, we're gonna be sure they're gonna probably be a yeah, or so in other words bell South can't do this for us right well, you know what like I always said bell South sucks bell South sucks bell South sucks I've always said that haven't I always said that you guys suck okay? They hate me in the feelings mutual And by the way, we know you're screwing with our phone line 1056 at 5.50 QAN This is 560 QAN QAN drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning that six with chocastelo right here Unstorts radio 560 QAN This is Kevin Hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done okay and some body contouring and some liposuction I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many press So do you face this all of these things? Mm-hmm. There's wondering more extra what well I I need to get everything done Probably the person I'd like to have removed is my my thing Okay, we don't do that. No could you do breast implants though? I can't be done. I mean I'm not there. We're doing the lotion in the basket. How much? 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too Laser surgery Have the lamps stop crying yet mommy It's usually don't hurt mommy's little baby it works in the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw to be okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first and then I'm looking actually we can tell you that will we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy? If you'd like to it works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Okay, um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine Okay, okay My name is buffer will bill okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I promise you Right the lotion in the basket. I understand it works for the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? It works the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the Balaglisi Bill it works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the trim okay. You're in the basket. Hello You know it's after 11 at 5.60 WQM. Here's an ice artwork on his faxons very cute and clever and says happy birthday It's said we're in a whole bunch of other stuff, but it's got no name on it. So I was a well I got it You got it. I got it. Here's a thanks from old chronic ptx board up come on come on once you're so Faking which I already played and also Jennifer Remdrops how about a whole bunch of Jennifer Remdrops Congratulations get a life he says Thank you for all the energy at the hockey games. He says guess what here's the best news queer channels already repeating fill Henry shows four times I heard the same show already at least already Your stations are consistent they all suck. How do you like that? What's he been on there five weeks so far? What did they do that? None of my food new tapes you were irresqu I have no idea I have no health one that they can do I don't know Don't ask me are you sure that's what it says But the neolike spill. That's what it says in the paper. This one I do like fill is a good guy And a good talent, but he ain't neolike I did that in addition to which you can hear that at night live and said he heard in the same tape four times How's Margaret doing by the way? Here's a thanks from my good friend attorney Alan Melnick down here in the keys Who says to quote one of the many annoying murmur cliches? Well, you and Alan Melnick get along well. You both hate remor like poison. It says may you weave your magic for another fifty-seven years Ha ha ha ha ha we've your magic And I better not pick on jigs and McDonald on my birthday. You know that cake by the way So little little stuff I ate off the top. I'm telling you Word of warning. I'm I worried the spot that Peter Rellander was gonna take care of getting that on a long today Where's that which we know is supposed to be running day. How come I mean he's only been in there 75 different times Trying to yuck it up and be your comedian See there's a guy who talks to the game But when the boss comes in here, which he did when Peter Lender was in your second and out of our court of 10 all of a sudden he runs on and who it is tell me Oh, I'm getting away from this conversation. Oh No Just Peter no balls 560 pound 560 on the 18t line here Sarah soda. Hello Hey, how you doing pretty good sir. Please couple the onion. Thank you So what's up today? The market's up in your birthday 100 points it is so far 103 not bad as you were jabbering in hurry is what in her mouth How come David doesn't call to wish me happy birthday since he found out about online health at 15 and a half and sold In the kitchen have you don't call me anymore Ted David. I know you need to get that American online stock The other I got one American line. No, I didn't know you should get it get it now. Well, not now But it's not really now. Yeah, tell me. Stay away from here. What was 80 would have been nice. I That's what our matter fact that's about where I got it at that. That was 15 would have been nice too You know when it was five will would have been real good. Yeah, I hear you 100 101 points in an Aztecs up 43 Let's hear it on heels birthday That's right I say it's your card So you should be out of no. I'm sure I'll be among many that you got It'll stand out conspicuously Thanks a lot Okay, thank you. I'll ask it or suck. No, no, that's the rumor 5 670 560 the out of town line which have worked for Florida all these so now we're and so how long is that gonna take now? I'm so depressed and she told me that it's almost as bad as the phone's not working on it first I don't even again for the eight minute time. How long is that gonna take now we start now over again? With the line What line line nine that you told me we're now going to a different servers to get it? Probably uh, yeah, starting all over again Should take another week to get the carrier switched I was just told Yeah Here's the blade runner girl. Hello happy birthday Thank you. How are you? Okay? Okay, be pressed. What's wrong? I've just found out that our line nine is in limbo again I just find out that I worked for a total incompetent assholes, but then again I already knew that Yeah, I see things on it. I'm making fun of other radio stations that don't have any money But we're building 35 minute year and they can't get us a phone line. I worse write and they're making fun of other people I clean up my own house first Greg before I start talking about some make believe God them Kitty radio station, but anyway. I'm sorry. Okay, really depressed now. I see after all these years things don't change not here Not in this place This is the pits So how's everything else besides that everything else is wonderful? It's good I have been on talk a couple games and I haven't seen you there Like what games with that? I did I missed the truck game in the inner high game. Most must be the games you were asked. Yeah. Yes. Oh, sorry. Yeah How to tell you know a house John John's great. Yeah, he's fine. That's good Well, I hope you have a good one. Thanks Compliancees one of these days. You're gonna be there Wednesday? I'm probably not oh, we'll be there. We'll be there for the bus Wednesday the 13 the 13. Yeah, are you sure it's a bus? We'll get you around the 13? I believe so Well, be there. I come by and say hi. We'll see you then. See you. Yes, bye bye. That was Esther 5 670 5 50 poms so the pressed in psychotic what you just told me again more still Walling more stalling another good convenient excuse in it could be it's five days and seven days and 10 days and two weeks If it would have been done right the first time if we would have gotten some people taking care of these things that doesn't happen around here So pathetic. I'm so embarrassed to be working at this radio station. I really am On my birthday. That's one thing I want to emphasize. I'm humiliated and embarrassed to be working for these people the inept people The people who just can't get it right By the way Peter, how's that spot coming sweetheart Anybody called you about getting that spot on the log today? No, please look back in the church On Remember I'm 15 at 5.60 WCM. Anyway, Eric Faxes is me a thing from the Yahoo website from all access. Perry Simon. Thank you by the way, Perry for making a nice episode. But you sure picked a nice week. Don't blame Perry for it. Okay, probably the worst week that I've ever been on here in this town this week. By far. Thank you very much, Colors. By the way, you've made this the worst week of my life, and of course wouldn't you know, this is the week we're on all access on the internet all over the universe. That we were the featured show with a whole biography on here very nicely done and very nicely said. Thank you Perry Simon, whoever you are. And we apologize profusely for the, not my performance, but the performance of the South Florida idiot. Okay. Here's Robert, since we have birthday. Thanks, thank you, Robert. And also nice wishes there for my friend, Eric. We're just a great job on our website, Neil Rogers.com. We can get all the years and one stuff by the way. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the 18T line, 877, 785, Neil, 765, 6345 on the ill-fated Florida line. The ill-fated line nine. The ill-fated, we just can't get it right line. But boy, we're sure laughing at that fan. Well, I got a broadcast, a high school football game on a cell ball. Probably son better in a lot of our remotes. Here's Boeton Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I'm calling to wish you out there. We happy birthday. Yeah. And thank you so much for years of babysitting me and my geriatric friend. So if you're here at King's Point. I do a deal. Okay. Happy birthday. Just calling to, see, I wanted to ask you actually, you've been a candidate several times, obviously. Yeah, more than once. Yes. And I've read in the paper. I saw a new website that that he player got busted for two grams of marijuana. Yes. And what are these little legal up there? Yes. It is. Why didn't you not get arrested then? I don't know. They didn't even get arrested. They didn't get arrested. They didn't get the right phone number. Maybe they want to make sure you tell you in the game last night, which he did not. But they lost anyway by big margin. And he'd, so I guess if you're going to make a difference. Were they discared of them up there? Could you just spot that? They don't. They're very intimidated by big sparses up there. Is it fine? If you would have been a Vancouver, they would have said, we don't care. If I were to try to bring something up there, you think they had arrested me? Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. That's a good one. No. No. Never. You have a lot of fans appear. Well, I'll tell you one thing. We have that line nine for Palm Beach. Would you go to cold on by the way? Or probably somebody else's fan for this. But we don't get any calls from Palm Beach on it. No, I'll be paying for. I'm sure my bill will do that. $50 or so. Well, let me say it again. Line nine. Okay, got you. And you. Yes sir. In celebration of your of your youth. Would you mind playing young Neil today? Okay. Thanks, too. Five, six, seven, five, six. We got line nine is sitting there. That is a door nail. We put this thing in a great expense. We had a scream and threatened the sue and threatened to walk out. And they put this thing in and the piece of crap to begin with. But Palm Beach can call on there and four mires and apels and all over the God damn place all over Florida. It's still sitting there. 877775 Neil. 877775. 6345. Of course, 8777 by the time you get to with all these numbers. Nobody could remember it anyway. You know what I'm talking about? It's a real sucky number. The whole deal blows. Like I said, here's a mobile informe. I was on a line. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. Did I hear you say the other day that you were in Kalamazoo at one point? Yes, I was. 1968 and 9. 6. Oh, you're only two years then. No, I was close enough. Yeah. Okay. That was enough. What do you mean only two years? Well, I was born and raised there. Yeah. It took a time. It took a time. Yeah. I didn't realize that you were there. I was in Michigan for 12 years. There was the Marco Polo of small market radio. The third just Michigan, Alby and Michigan Marshall, Michigan, Kalamazoo, Michigan. Oh, you did all the big. All the big spots. That's right. You got it. Yeah, you're aduating the 66. So you're happy birthday. You know you're a lot older than I am today. Thank you. You're welcome. And I feel like it. Thank you. Okay. There's a guy from Fort Myers, Toronto. We'll still hear there. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes sir. I've been listening to you for a while. I got down here in South Fort N88. I'm transferring out here very shortly. And I couldn't pick a better data. Thank you for the years of comedy and all that. It's just it's really. You've done a great job. You've made my damn many occasions. You're welcome. Okay. I have a great day. Thanks a lot, pal. Yes sir. Good luck to you. Okay. You don't need it. You're getting out of here. Look at this. We got 16 open lines. You're like I said, let's play the rack. You know what? Otherwise I get really depressed. Doesn't make any difference. Did your birthday, your anniversary, your dog just had a heart attack? Whatever. This is not making any difference here. Just like the women. You know it's the tremendous number of women called this. Happy birthday, Neil. No. No they don't care. We just don't have time. We're listening but we don't have to. We don't care enough to send our very best. Well, but to you okay honey? Like I've bitchy other day. She doesn't have time to care. You know, these people who come up to me. We listen but we don't have time to call you. But she doesn't even have time to care much less to call. But all she did have time to call. She just doesn't have time to care about dead people, about playing cranges, about kids being shot, about all of these things. She just doesn't have time to care. Hmm. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Happy birthday. Thanks. Long time first time. All right. Neil, I wanted to call you. I have a little story for you. It's a true story. My wife's been trying to get a job at a radio station. Hispanic radio station from Raoul and Alcon. Raoul and Alcon. Raoul and Alcon. Right. That one. All right. Here she goes. She goes there about two months ago. And, um, knows, you know, she meets a few people. Between them, Freddie Cruz. And, um, this last week she went there. And, um, she knows she's very close to Freddie Cruz office. And, um, she sees this picture of his daughter. Yeah. So, um, he tells her, um, you want to see more pictures of her. Good. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five. How how did I know that I was going to have to dump that? And was there's somebody that I knew that I was going to have to dump that? I mean, just from the minute that I said hello, you just had the feeling in the pit of your rectum that you were going to have to dump this asshole. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. Well, I'm calling the folks. I looped that's in Donny. Happy birthday. Um, you know, I'm saying like, my dear guy said you've been baby sitting a lot for me, you know? Like when I get home from work or I'm a way to school, writing up a joint. To them to meal, you know, all we've got a lot for me always. That's right, baby. Even on the days that I wake up and I'm afraid of you or I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. Like we've got a lot of work. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. That's right, baby. Even on the days that I wake up and I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to feel the as you are, you know what I'm saying. I'm so smiling because, you know, Neil, really dropping the funny stuff. I'm going to start with what actually, but super talk. They're totally annihilating full show. Yeah. I don't know if you've listened in, but I'm not. I have not. I listened one night like the second night he was on. He was doing Margaret again and that was the end of my listening. Yeah, we're doing like, I mean, they're doing station IPs right over full. I mean starting to have like little sports of dirt. Like, you know, during the segment and be shot. Yeah. Neil, um, I'm going to school. I know that I've got to class. I don't have much fun. I've never asked for a few more requests. And I'm going to be both and ask for them today. Go ahead. It's all request Friday. It's my birthday on your birthday. You can't refuse the request of a decision. Right. There you go. I didn't think about that. I'll give you a choice. And just your vote. I'd like to hear either Red Park or head. Okay. That's only a theme. It's a theme. You don't even have to think. Yeah, I know. I'll be working on it. And the theme too. Okay. I'll read you. What do you say? Medium be. You found a red dog. You chugged a red wolf. Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red cock. Red cock spoll me head will read you breathless. Red cock goes down easy. And it's never hard on your throat. So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck. Red cock. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't eat a red cock. Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front. Hi, Felicia. G'day. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? I got sick. I thought you'd be having shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly. Who broke there on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's light-tent shoulders only without all those additive. It's just like Chad. Let's tell them about it, girls. If you tie it down your own hands, then you can't get rid of the face and be lazy. Yeah, yeah, never mind that. If you're feeling better, if you get some hands, wow. Where could I get that? Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later. And I'll be happy to give you this chance. In a few minutes, I'll have you shampooed, silenced, and blown dry. You don't miss a lick, do you? Ten seconds, it's great. But is it expensive? Not at all, chicks. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars. Darling, that's that price. Everyone should be getting head. That's right, Jack. When you say head, you set a mouthful. I am Dr. Raymond Felotti. You should get head first at lubricates each limp hair follicle, leading in a red listening shower. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. So I'm in the tent saying, oh, Jack. And then I'm going to go to the mom's room. I've heard her voice. She's so much better and you'll feel perfect. And you get head, you're a notty still. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said, I want to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And that makes a great holiday gift. My wife gave me some heads. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me heads, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national view. Grab her. I keep that. We won't find her a job. Can't feel the smell. I'm going down. And you get the shower. You want to come. Get the normal. I'm going down. If you buy it up your own get it. Get it. Get it. I'm feeling so. Get it. I've never been with one eye. Get it. Get it. Get some heads. Just take your hair and get them head. Oh yeah. Nice. Oh, oh. Oh, yeah. Oh. Oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. My hair looks blurred. You look mad. How do I happy birthday to my company and our close personal friend, Sheryl, whatever she's calling herself these days? Do we hear from you the one of them today? No. I'll be. God damn. Maybe she decided to have a romance of her birthday move there with her multimillionaire boyfriend. 1127 a Q.A.M. This is 560. Q.A.F. The people, Sony's sports shoe dowels are in you up to the challenge. You know Saturday morning today. Only a sports radio 560 Q.A.F. Come on. I'm a fan of the high school. High school. To be, you've got the very extra special friends starting by showing all about something. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, I'm already. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Oh, I wonder where you are. It looks like it looks like a catapult. It's me bag boy. Oh, what's your bag? Oh, what's your bag? I got you. Sure, yeah. Oh, what's your hands? I got it. That's so. Hey, you're welcome. Hey. What's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You've blown it, lad. You blow. Hey, you put your mouth around it on your blow. Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, do it. Okay. Come on, lad. You got the foot. You're my surroundings, lad. Don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I'd like to like this. Hey, that's a boy. You can run away, down, you throw. Hey, I think you do it at light. Let's go over here. Let's meet Chander. What are we doing with that? What do you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. Yeah, you cover the hole. And you run your hands up and down, my shot real quick. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us, please, the bag, nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shot real quick. Okay. Go together all at the same time. Okay, here we go. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure. Hey, good, lad. Keep more. Go harder, lad. I don't. Please, the bag. Please, mom. Run your hands up and down the shot. Faster. Run your hands up and down the shot. Go, go, go. Go, go, go. You're doing it. I'm a friend. Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You're there. You're there again? After the kiss, me, but as maybe. So my Joe DeVera from FIU, I got your facts with your eight million pages of the thing, which I promised I would take the survey for you, which I finished most of it already. And now he's sending the facts again. Joe, Joseph, whoever you are, stop doing his stop wasting our facts paper between you and the breeder's couple. We're there. I haven't knocked on a whole goddamn forest. Just to make the paper that you people are wasting on our facts machine. Stop, Joe, is that the Vera stop? I hear it in the background right now. It's like a 30-page survey. Okay. It's circle, circle, circle, and circle jerk. And I fill it all up. And now he's facts it again. Joe, if I love you, sweetheart, but stop wasting our goddamn paper. Okay? No. Damn it. Here's a call from Bokeh, hello. Yeah, I know. Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy. Sure, thank you. Listen, there was a little bit too many 7s in that number. If you could give it one more time for us to see no out people. And the other thing is, is what do you mean by that? You're at 1-87777777385, yeah? What a bird is. It's a bad number. I mean, if we had like 1-800 crap or something like that. I understand. Then you can figure it out, though. I mean, first of all, they give me a number that nobody can remember. And then they give me a number that isn't going to work the way they're supposed to. And now Bell South can't do it right. So now we're going to go to some other Mickey Mouse phone. I'll fit in my going to have to start all over again. Only here at QAM, baby. There's a purpose to it, right? Yes, it stalls off those real out. I'll save them a lot of cash. Anyway, Hollywood stars in the Hollywood Boulevard, out in California. Yeah. I'd see that Sally Jesse imitator, Bleach Blonde, Christina. Got a star there. I got you. Great. I don't know if you know, but those stars go to people that pay a certain fee to the chamber of commerce. Really? So it has nothing to do with, you know, what does she have to do with Hollywood and tell of it? Absolutely nothing. Absolutely nothing. She's never talking about that. Right. But just so everybody understands. They don't want her kind of. Yeah, they like it. It's a, you pay the chamber of commerce there. A certain fee, whatever it is, 5, 10,000. And then you're blessed with it. Well, who are the guy to impell a mehno she wrote in Roton? And listen, can I get a couple request here? A Rection and a farmer's daughter with the fluffy skirt. Okay. Thanks. Oh, um, Rection with a fluffy skirt. So anyway, teachers flee the failing schools. I don't want to get serious on my birthday today. But I can't resist mentioning this because this bush bastard, these, oh, it's just unbelievable. Well, it's very believable. I told you when they were starting with this crap. The DNF schools, the teachers are fleeing from there. They're running like they're having a guy named forced fire on the inside. So the schools that are failing are instead of getting them the additional help that they need and making sure that they have better teachers, what they're doing is encouraging people to leave and making them the drugs. So that we can have a truly a leadist school system and preferably in all private school system. As we totally put the last nails in a coffin of the public school system. Nice going bush boys. It's the bush boys, baby. The elite is born with the thing up their goddamn nose. What don't happen to that thing I wanted to play? It's a dream in a day. It's technically a dream in a day. It was fitting in fine. It's a dream in a day. And I got a dream in a day. So yeah, I got a day and a day. And I got a push to back when he was a day. Woo, go, go, go. It was a day for him to stay. He was just calling for him. He was going to be all day. I got a catch back. So he can't be pain in the evening. I feel like a tough one. That's not a thing that I might. That's the way it's all about a total of clothes. Nobody denied it today. George was going to do it. He'll never get in the bed. Woo, woo, woo, woo. The day is over. And they just need to get out of the bed. 23 till noon at 5.60. WCM got hankers going to be doing a show out of gulf stream. Big breeders, couples, by the way. We sure appreciate it. They'd also stop passing all this stuff over here for hanging out in a camp. This isn't their fax machine. And he's not in a building anyway. It's not going to get to him. Stop wasting our fax paper. You crazy people. You please. Please. Here's money. Sure. Hello. And here. Yes sir. Happy birthday to you. Thank you. They're saying not to me about a month ago. Well, I don't want to. No, I don't want to. I have my 58. Oh my god. I'm older than you now. Yeah. You have to bow down to me. Yeah. I have one time that will just really get you going along with the schools. Yeah. Do you have today's Miami Hill? That's back here somewhere. Okay. We'll look front page. And it's right next to Christina's picture getting in stars. That the guy just talked about. And so, and it's got this guy's picture as well. But presidential candidate, a one of them in Guatemala. Guatemala and Canada are killing. Who's rating? He is repeated to have killed two Mexican legal professors. He is well-being a legal professor. They were arguing over who should have been being of the school? Yeah. These are the children and self-defense. Others now he left the bar. Came back with a gun. He's got these children. And he is now the leading candidate to president of Guatemala. Do you know who he was? A man who can get this. A man who can get this. A man who can get this. And his wife can defend the wife of citizen. Excellent. That's what we need. That's why we need Chuck Heston for president man. Well, of course. And really not he because he didn't kill anybody. We have to get them out of the jails now whether the murder is loose. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. That's not bad. From Miami commissioners. And then they can defend the spread. Well, we already got criminals on a commission. We don't need to do. But we don't have a lot of information on the nearer in there. For like the dictator of Dayton, Broward. But you know, well, that came from any other thing or two. That little pussy. But you see the thing is on the commission. We don't actually have accused murderers. We don't have a lot of information on the court. But he is now the number one. By the way, speaking of the president of Guatemala, you see that the Boston interview up there, the Boston TV station and the S. George W. The president of a couple of countries here. The S today, you see that four countries. And you see what his response was. What is this? Some kind of interrogation is this like 50 questions. Just answer the question, dummy. And his answers were. I think that. What's the way George W is going to be? But are our shared Jeff? Yeah. And of course, we remember how his wife would happen to hurt coming back from tower. Yes, we do. Yes, we do. Well, I was taken from the heart. A whole bunch of people to go down the Mexico to have better relations with Mexico. And he said that's really because of my wife. I want better relations with the, by my, That's what she said to us. You went better. Reactions with Mexicans. 560, 560 on the AT&T line. 20 till New York, US. This is 560. It's a very good thing. We're going to be QAL. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, coming over, honey. Now come and take a drive to my big house in Chaffa, Klaw. We can both get gyps and maybe a little Panama. The wash is on business. She's out for a week. I might forget in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I got threats. Oh, God, dog, so far and pizza. You remember little Billy, you're leaning tower pizza. It's gonna be a wild town. Not behind the New York. It's just a nice island cheat. It's like a sport. I'm just like, I'm so good. I'm an over-honey now. You're going to want my shelter. A little bit of Monica. In my house. A little bit of Monica. Without my wife. Now live in the Ponditus. What I see. But she's right away. That's really great. A little bit of Monica. What I need. A little bit of Monica. A little bit of Monica. And more. A little bit of Monica. Here I am. A little bit of you. I'm a happy man. There was no farmer who lived on Iraq. He said in the middle just he said some boys who were down by the fricks. They're beating the water. They're in on their marbles and sleeping. They're going to go to the beach. And then at half past four. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and leaps. And then white club beat done. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not stand. A lot of boys in the bar yard were show up on the ring. Reped you send layer of thrown yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye to the fellow down by the dark. He looked like a man with a size of all home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like Lee Sheecho him, her nando bet doggu was subject to fit. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter scotch. And then he spread whipped cream all over her cup. He said she had left out on her shelf. If they think this is dirty, you can go to yourself. There's something wrong with our pity. Our drop on the back turns upside at its horse. I ask him what the silver paint money ran out of it in the hard. and hungry sampya bhามachi This is the AC The The Sennip We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We are making this easy. We were making this easy. Let's make our easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're making this easy. We're creating. We're doing this easy. We're doing this easy. Are you? Are you? Are you? Are you? Are we trying to get along with him? What did he do for a minute? Five six, seven, five, six, six. Here's a call from Boka. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I make time to call you and wish you a happy birthday. Well, thank you so much. That's an online preline. You're at least you got enough sense to use the atoll freeline. Absolutely. It's hard for them as much as I can. Exactly. Now you're thinking. Well, hey, I got a little something to make us feel better because these, this guy is so stupid. You've got to hear the story. I read it out of the paper. Herman Hill 35 didn't have a disguise when he entered a convenience store in your St. Peter's Berkter Robert. So he grabbed a plastic trash bag. Put it over his head and headed for the cash register. Yeah. He's easily identified ill from the store's security cameras because the trash bag was transparent. It took me. Yeah. It looked like a big prophylactic down to the waist that Penelas County Sheriff's Sergeant Greg Tita kind of translucent. Ehh. What a maroon. Don't forget St. Pete, man. That's his atoll. Hey, Neil. Thanks so much for all the good times. And I just ordered your, um, I love to eat the cover of the CD with you in the house. Oh, my God. I clicked on that. I immediately ordered it. It is such a screen. See you with the, uh, that's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. That's me. Thanks Neil. Say it right there. 560. That our town line, including Palm Beach by the way, well, we're paying for it. 877. 785. 877. 785. 63. 45. You got that down? No. And then, of course, once they get that down, then it'll be changed to whatever it's going to be next week or the week after that, whenever this other bogus thing comes through, which maybe it won't. I mean, for this man to come in here, I don't know how many times he's done this. He always does this. Rippin' other stations. Oh, look at him. I was so in there that equipment didn't come in. But if he was, how many disaster remotes is this place had? Just in the last year. How many disasters have we had in here just in the last three months? But technically, I talk about the podcast on the kettle pink, Greg. It's not important that you succeed, but that everybody else failed, especially when you that dumb. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good, good, good, good. Thank you. How's that? That was not that. I'm trying. Got a mission when you're gone, buddy. Yeah. Neil, thank you. Yes. Can you play that Buffalo Bill over the Miami Duffin' Theme Song? You want to try them out? Buffalo Bill over the Miami Duffin' Theme Song. Where the Miami Duffin' Song? Oh, Brad the Booger. All right. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. That's not called Brad the Booger. What is that? That's not what that's called. The one? Oh, yeah. That's about your tent. You only hit nine guesses. You lose. That's not what it's called. And plus it's a fill-hangery thing. Do we want to play that? Well, Buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land. Have everybody think that crazy. I think they believe he are. That's not the Buffalo Bill. That's not the number one. See what I mean? So just sing a little bit. When you sing Miami, when you say Buffalo, and here's that Buffalo Bands. Buffalo Bands. That a greatest team. And the history of human race, data, Buffalo Bands. That a great experience. And slice, bread, and canned beer. Yeah. There you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff. Listen to that banjo. Holy, sweet God, listen to that. When you say Buffalo Bill, that don't sound so redneck, he doing. Everybody sing along now. Are you Bill Fan? Here we go. Well, the Buffalo Bill's are the best teams. They have the best record of the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times, which is what I can say for this, it's come second season. And they're at the greatest. But they believe they're uniform. They sure is healthy. They're kind of having a fish on their helmet. They're standing up, Buffalo whole bills. They're fast foot 14. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They are the Buffalo Bill. Buffalo Bill. Not Buffalo Bill. The whole gym is telling the greatest court of faculty. Yeah, everybody's got Buffalo Bill. They're the Buffalo Bill. And they've been around long enough to think in rotten fish. Well, they're not Buffalo Bill. Buffalo Bill. What would you rather have as a benefit of Buffalo or a fish? I can't wait for a quarter of channels campaign next week. We're going to begin to hear all about the afternoon show. It's going to say, Neil Hatesbrook. Neil says, look Daniel's blows. That's the level of whole series of those. Neil says, Brooks, the worst thing you ever heard. Yeah. That's going to be next week in your Harold sports section. Nice going Pete. Rocket science. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. While the spot of course, it sure is healthy. It's alright. Can't pay anybody see that yet? No. Don't hold your breath. Here's Hollywood. Hello, welcome Neil. Yes. As we do every year, you'll move. Let it. You'll move. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You'll move. Let that. Oh, this is not good. And I could shove it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll see you on Monday and Monday at the game. Okay. Love you. So I can say, wow. Yeah, maybe my honor or my birthday, you're being only less than a week ahead of it. Maybe those people won't stand up in the front of me next Wednesday at the event. Maybe you think that's going to happen? Oh, no, I don't either. Back and forth and forth and back and back and forth and up and down. And more food and back and forth. Hey, hey, how you doing over here? Head back and forth and up and down. Including these two tremendous that I never saw before my life at that last game. What is that now? What are you looking at? They wouldn't cause up just now. Yes. Very indignant. Indignant is what they say. The bill sucks. Yeah. While you're playing the bit. So, who cares? Don't you understand that they're audience? It's like yesterday. We got all the stuff called. What do they want to talk about? They're arguing their psychotic because I'm saying golf isn't the sport. Oh, I guess what was on yesterday afternoon? By the way, when I got home late in the afternoon, tennis match. Mark Philopoosis. I don't know. I tell you, my psychic or what, huh? Yeah. The lovely Mark Philopoosis who won his match two by the way, again, some nerd. I was going Mark. Whatever the head you are. Besides, pretty hot. Four minutes till noon at 2 a.m. This is five, 60, 2 a.m. There is a child living down in Mexico through past ago to work every day. Sit that is death. Making a living. Loves the work. But doesn't love the pain. They are the kids. They are the ones who make a book everyday. So, who comes like me. It's just going to make it. Look how you love to buy. They are the ones who make a book everyday. So, who comes like me. It's just going to make it. Look how you love to buy. It's just going to make a book everyday. We can't see any. Yeah, look at the more sick of the song. All your starving kids in Bangladesh and Africa and all over the world. Just relax. As soon as we finish singing, Chris, he Jones puts down his thing there. As soon as we get these records pressed. As soon as we ship them out to record stores and places all over the guy damn worth. As soon as the money starts coming in and as soon as we give him the distribution on that and as soon as Chris gives as much as he can't OJ and as soon as we have whatever is left over, then maybe we will get some food for you kids. So, just hang on guys. I'm not talking about the candy lately. I'm just talking about that song. We are the world. Yeah, I mean, just the idea that you know, farm aid and band aid and this aid and all out of the crap. It's not all these millionaire performers just donating a couple of million of peace and raising a lot of money and feeding these poor bastards and saving their lives. No, we're going to go in there with a headset. Some more rockin' back in the way out of the world. Boy, do we all get sucked in? Including me, I admit it, I confess. We got sucked in on that deal. Huh? And probably most of those kids that were starving back then, they're probably dead. They lost their appetite. Here's a mobile. And by the way, we're up to question number 6,000 on that survey. I mean, that may not happen. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Hi, how are you? I'm Annabelle Delivery Routes, and I listen to you five days a week, and I just want to tell you, thank you, sir. Thanks very much for the great entertainment that you're given and you're going to be your well-being. I'm more importantly, you're the only one on the air that actually speaks to truth. And I want to wish you a very happy birthday. And being at this no school today, I have my 10-year-old son with me. And he asked if you could do a request of Bonnie takes a dump. Okay. Thanks very much. You got it. Bye-bye. I have a great day. And happy circus. Bonnie takes a dump. What happened to it? I think it disappeared from the F.A. I want to open that kid. No, no, no, no. Oh, you like all the goop. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh. Oh, no, no, no, no. There's a right now. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh! My name! My name is Xi! My name is my name! You just wait a minute, give me a minute! Oh, that was stupid, you're a mess! I'll see if I can do it. Oh, that was a good one! I'm a good one! I'm a good one! I'm a good one! Four minutes after 12 at 5.60 WCM, here's a fact from a good post for personal friend Bob Lincoln. It says you've matured in a way robust, whole body blend with a lovely bouquet and delightfully nutty aftertaste. I didn't even know he had tasted my nuts. It says just about eight to a perfect never-birthday, says have a wonderful 57, not about eight. 60 is when you start looking to see how many liver spots you have on your hand. I guess what? I don't have any liver spots on my hand. What a young guy, huh? Yeah, oh there's nothing worse than liver spots. Oh man, sorry to do that to write in the middle of lunch hour. We don't have to worry about lunch today because our program director, Bluff Lindsey, show that he's good for something beside the schedules. Rodderson, a beautiful platter of stuff here from publics, and he said, he said to me a little later on after I told him how great this stuff was, and it is great. We appreciate it, and the person the people in public, we love publics. But he said, well, I can always just stop and get stuff of you guys need anything. Like we have a shortage of food in his place. Yeah, not that we don't appreciate the sentiment stuff, but how about getting that phone line in here instead? That would be good. That would be more appreciated than a more food. You don't want to say enough? No, I didn't think so. Come on, I don't start that again. Please, put away the crying towel. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say to the line and people will be able to call you for, like, at least 500 miles away, Neil. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How you doing, Neil? OK, sure. So, the least couple of anios? Thank you. I'm going to say that. Thank you. You're welcome. And I had a little bit of a constipation problem last couple of days. It was loosened right up when I saw that George W. Bush interview. I mean, that thing did it for me. I mean, maybe that's why I spent all night on the throne. I thought I was too many of those candies yesterday, but I think it was that George W. I mean, everybody's ready to hand this guy to presidency. And he can't even name four leaders in four not only four big nations, yeah, well, four hotspots that are all in the Netherlands. The answer to the president of Taiwan, he said, Lee and they said, well, what Lee is, they said, Brenda Lee? Yeah, I mean, hey, if you say Lee for any, thank you. Yeah, they're just a pretty good, yes, yeah. Yeah. So anyway, we got about one year left to find the decent leader for this country. Yeah, everything goes out. And uh, in closing, no matter how sick you get at this town, don't leave us. Eeeeh. Okay, Phil. I'm happy. One dream on. Thank you. Three month. I'm leaving. Look at now. Oh, who cares? Who cares? But he hasn't called yet today. That guy. And then the other ones, come on. Why don't you leave now, Neil? Why do you leave now? Go on. I can't stand it. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T line. Eight, seven, seven, look at the one line that's dead there. Look. Look at. Line nine. Line nine, Fort Myers. They didn't even care enough to pick up the phone and say happy birthday. That's how classy they are in Fort Myers. They think we want to hear about Fort Myers radio. No, such as this. Do we want to hear about Fort Myers? No, we don't. That was, that was. That one was just a fit right in with the ambiance of the whole week. Autors, this guy in the afternoon, his name is Bob Puppek. And he had that cap on on there. And he was sucking up to any really bad. And it was a real host job. And then in the morning, we got this guy. Oh, my God. Wow. Two people. Here's the mobile and bokeh, hello. Oh, Neil, have your birthday. Thank you. I, I've been in an at my truck making deliveries. Did you receive an email or take cars from Salam Beverly from West Palm Beach? No. I've emailed that last time. Oh, we don't have to do email here. What is email? That's too. What were the decended? Neil at NeilRodgers.com. No, why don't we look at that thing? Oh, well, if you get a chance to send birthday cars to a usable animated birthday car, well anyway. Thanks, anyway. Want to wish you a happy birthday. Yeah. And any more. OK, well, thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, and cheer up, please. Five seats out of three to press. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. Come on, everybody. Cheer up a little bit. Let's hear that thing. Come on. Yeah, a little party maker there, a little while we're blown it over here. I think I blew it about two years ago when I came to this joint. Then it's goddamn sales manager. This freaking slime ball bitch on the same day that she's screwing over my live spots. And she's got the hoods that come up here to give me a guide to him. Sure. And a card. And then they got this whole big, oh, and you want to know why he's not in the picture? What's his name? Bro, he took the picture. That was a good way to make sure he wasn't in the picture. He took the picture. And you know this by the way, she's got those, looks like Lexluck, a jail outfit on there. She's got the black and white stripes on there. Talk about semi-belongs behind bars. Bro, yeah. The two of them together. What am I to that would make, huh? You're like, twin chairs up there at Stark. That would be good. I pull this switch. You know, usually I don't go to funeral, so screw in. I usually, it's not my thing, but in your case, I'll make an exception. And boy, wait to see how I can dance for an old guy. 10 past noon at 5.50 WQM. I just built him for a two-way. I'm not coming for all the latest dolphins information in your case. So when Drake finds his plane, beat the broadcast. Fort radio five, 60 WQA in him. It's time for your job. The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you. And now here's your host, Colin Cornwallon. Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallos, your host. And welcome to third talk. The loaf lines are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phones. And let's see, who's on number two? It's Steve. Steve, you're on the air. Hi Colin. I'm a first time caller. Well, right. We got a little something for you, Steve Hangout. So let's on your mind. Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show. And hold on. Let me get the paper here. OK. I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great. Tell me, Steve. You're wiping right now, aren't you? Yes, I am. OK. When you wipe, do you prefer a forward stroke or a backward stroke? I think I prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact, the wife was just saying, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what's the matter? I think I just ripped the paper. Oh, OK. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. OK. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yeah, yes, I do. Oh, boy. Remain calm. You're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration? I think so. OK. Just do as I say, and everything's going to be OK. Now, is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something. Dock-cully. OK, let me see. Now, pull your finger out nice and slow, so you don't get a flicking effect, OK? OK. Is your finger out, Steve? Yes. Now, the first thing you want to ask yourself is you look at your finger, is has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No, they haven't. OK, go ahead and wipe it off, Steve. Oh, thank you, colon. Keep it for good work. Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening. That's all the time we have for now. And until the next third time, I'm colon Juan Wallace. This is Ben Churchill. The show that gets down to what you're really made of. Cross-16 at 5.60 WCM. So Josie Lambead is whatever this is a gossip column, it's on the floor in side or right. Hey, Jeb, thanks. The 50 people in that earlier this year by the BS at two Broward Swingers Club, Scott, the attention in Governor Jeb Bluish. And that could cause the pending loodness charges against 30 of them to get thrown out. Why? Because Boistan, for so recently, interviewed eight candidates for Broward Circuit Court, George drilled some of those candidates about the Swingers. Along the candidate's three assistant state of turnies and two county judges, including one judge presiding over some Swingers case, Rower Case's Robert Lee. Lee himself wasn't asked about what he thought of the defendants before him, but the fact that at least three other wannabe judges were asked is making the Swingers lawyer Holler foul. This wiki asked Lee to be accused himself, which Lee refused, but asked that the cases against the 30 clients be dismissed every quite this pending. We couldn't get a fair trial in the state. Now that the judges know the rule against this order to make it up the ladder, said the lawyer James Benjamin. The interviews violated the separation of powers. What are the interviewers, Bush General Counsel, Carol Lico? Yeah, Lico. Oh, by the way, speaking of that. What did I do with that other, oh yeah? If you think Carol Lico was a great name, what did you hear this name? Right next to Barry Jackass' ridiculous, long sucking column about whammy and the fact that nobody's watching that state anymore. You know the one I'm talking about very, right next to that, here's in a column and the Harold Sports Weeknd section, nighttime dives full of wonders, commentary by Susan Cocking. That's her name. Night time dives full of wonders says Cocking. And there's your post, too. And you know what? Here's my Emmy, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good evening. Just a couple of comments on yesterday's show. You were right on with golf and being a sport. Yeah. Normal tonight, the game takes a lot of skill and concentration, but then again, so to steadily win some chess. Right. Board, it does not matter. That's right. This hand-eye coordination, I mean, so what's the big deal with that? You're right. It takes a minute. It takes a minute. It takes a minute. It's a jerk and off. They can't eye coordination. Well, they make it a sport. Exactly. Same thing. Video games, hand-eye coordination. Right. Not a sport. Scratch in your ass takes hand-eye coordination. There you go. Petting your dog takes hand-eye coordination. Not a sport. Not a sport. Right. Also, you're heading to Amsterdam on a stand-up. Stick in your meat on the lean knee, grill and machine takes hand-eye coordination. It's not a sport. And you're going to Amsterdam? That may be. Well, I'll just say, I was there when I was in the service. You'll have a good time. I've been there 65, 70 times, so. Oh, OK. I could teach you a few things about it. Oh, maybe. I'm sure. Like I said, I'm a new listener, so I just thought I'd drop that information. That hard show. A real good. Thank you. Thank you so much. Have a good one, sir. What do you say? 560, 050, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T, a water slide. I'm stood on. You said you'll have a good time there, is he right? Yes. Vegas? Oh, yeah. All kinds of places. Here? No. No. Dead. Deadly. You can smell it. See that out of the leftovers from Josh Friedman's thick and his ugly ass in the door there before. Who wanted to hear a pain bagpipes, by the way, which is as close as he's ever going to get? Can you imagine who would crawl in the sack with Josh Friedman? Can you imagine what smelling impaired person? Even how long Keller? She could smell. Would be kicking and screaming. Here is Miami. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yeah. Good morning, Neo. Happy birthday. Thank you. And I'll tell you what. I can't just stay on the radio, Neo, not because of the thousands of fans that I love you. But because we're going to tell you a little story real quick, about where we can. There's this fat bitch who we call big belly. OK, who says that you are negative guy. You don't bitch. Right. See, what I hate the most is that she doesn't really listen to you. Whenever she comes back here, to go, oh, what do you have that guy on? I'm like, you know what I have them because he is Neo, God. He goes, oh, who is he? He's so nasty. He's always burping. He's always farting just out there. Good. Good. Yeah. Thank you, Neo. He's always bitch. Tell me what's going on. You know, finally, she's screaming and goodbye big belly. She ain't less request, please, Neo. Yes. Dickies. This is your birthday. And I'm talking about the parents. OK. Thank you. Thank you. Dickies, how about Dickers? Was it Dickers and Dickies? Oh, he's talking about the one that's been here. Is it? Should be? Dickers? I think I've read how much luck with the ladies. Oh, no. Oh, Dickies too. Sorry. Hello. You have reached Dickies' workers' choice catalog and information ones. To speak with a reference, then a bit, or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Dickies, guess from a service, this is Louis and him. They help you? Yeah, my Louis and I. Hi. You like Dickies? Sure. I guess a lot of women do, huh? Mm-hmm. I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickies. I see. She likes a lot of, you know, and I understand some gay guys like Dickies. Well, I'm really not in half of the neighborhood. I don't know what's not about that. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well, sir, we go out to a 72-way. Oh, my God. You like little Dickies too. Sir. Something like that will basically be like, Big Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation, sir? Yeah, just so I get to say, Dickie, a lot on the phone. Uh-huh. Were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing. But I want to talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Well, Bigie, Dickie. Mm-hmm. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I'm not like Dickies. A lot of women like Dickies. Uh, sir. I'm going to disconnect. No. When you're talking about Dickies. Oh, God. So we disconnected the facts machine because, unfortunately, Joseph DeVirri and FIU. Uh, I mean, this is a joke or what? 17 pages. Okay. Facts at the first time. All 17 pages came in here for this thing. I was doing for FIU for allegedly. He wanted me to fill out, which I was already filling in that. I was almost done. Then he repeated it. I get on here. I say, please enough already, Joseph. Stop. You're wasted our facts. And guess what? He just started the facts again for the third time. So where's all these pages? And guess what? Oh, gee, I can't do that all the time. Oh, gee. You're all doing that. I'll do it in. In some of some of my questions. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. It's reset.<|fo|> seriously. Generally, I talk aboutout a few, but for example, if I was trying to figure out the way to uh, whatever it is, I will write things back off when you're ready. Okay, which I, when the Constitution is getting lower than that. Also, I don't have much to do on people. Is there, probably, that sport? when there may be, we're not going to appear to West Korea. but I think that's a wasn't it. It's quite a Quran speech, but I learned that this great speaking place of 15 years ago in literary. because when we've trained in English, we're going to do something like that. Plus I'm responded to what I mentioned that I got it. Oh look at that. We got like I haven't had some birthday cards there seven or eight. Look at that Got am I impressed probably all from that potent Palm Beach By the way, thank you Kurt for the copy of the letter from the American Family Association and I'm maniac that the Pusco and Yassav and Kate no. But there on the west coast Who can't hear the station by the way, but it's busy right in the FCC Oh my god can't believe this this this this maniac with his FIU test over and over and over again 600 easy questions for you to answer in your spare time so I can fake this way. He's got you class Maybe we can help you with your wind surfing class, okay Joseph Man is that frost my ass. Here's Davy. Hello Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey I have a question. Hey um about the heat. I don't think here's tempered pine. Hello Yes, I'll be birthday so thank you and I just wanted to say a lot of my good friend take up in your good friend I'm here with them right now your friend. Jacob Jacob Jacob right I do Yeah, you really like you Neil. Yeah, I love you guys. So you're gonna call you right now What are you going to call me if he's there with you now? What's he got to call me for? He's outside listen. Oh, okay. Oh, did he squeeze it? He's squeezing me the bottle though. Yeah, well, that's okay But we have a lot of them coming down. I saw the high school together. Really? Is it a call? I listen. I'll never take a shower with Jacob. I took a shower with Jacob. I'll make love for him. Yeah, he's gonna Carried like come in. Sorry. Okay. I want to see Jacob with your two-spatter. You're gay. I hate you You give more women than you every day. Okay, great. You only wish 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line So what do you want you holding back my birthday cards for what's with that? Oh, it's gonna wait for a break. No Oh, you got like a minute Here's a lady in Portland, I'll hold Mr. President Neil. Yes, the best birthday present possibly for you What do you think might become? Either bold is the potential newborns or terminators. You'll never guess. Did you get down this morning? Did I hear what? Turned. Don King. This is the gospel. I don't listen to Howard now. This is good as you have to check into the darn King. It's in the central collaboration where you're trying to buy all the AM. I couldn't believe that clear channel stations can you believe it? But what do you want to be a million dollars? Is it sounded legit? You started putting money together. Yeah. So that's pretty neat. I'd like to see you have $4 billion. That's what he's in now. Yeah. No, it's another year. So another scam. Another scam. Another scam. Well, do they really digesting? No, I am the next one. No. Really? No. Now they've done it. Don't let me say the end sounds like another scam. But happy birthday to you. And thank you so much. Oh my god. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Lots of open lines here today. It's all request Friday. It feels birthday for it. Is that making any difference? No. No, same old crap. Including people. It's actually the same thing over and over again. Joseph, I was trying to be an ice guy. I was going to do the ice favor there. And I had it mostly done and now it's all in the way. It's basically because you were jackball. Joseph, whatever your name is. Hey, Captain, no scores. Learning a pan. I'm so about 15 in. We guys, only on 4th radio 560, 2AL. So we're moving around, when I go to, I call the Mambo movement. I'm going to, I'm going to see night swing and swing. To the Mambo beats. The radio plays. So we're now allowed and I'm all through the rules for your quarantine. I got to sit through the rules. But in a minute they've heard us all hiding. So I can make my hiding night stand. See you. I don't have to push time. It's good troll. When I move inside the side, I'm going to let both. I never have to sway. It's come out of holes. It looks a little like just to zero. I wait for the lead. I wait for the lead. I wait for the lead. From taking a picture and I'll tell you why. I don't lay out for a link. Hello, we're in the middle of the net. A big red ring. That's why. It's like SKA, G.K.D. and G.K.Y. We're very into the Mambo movement uus. Hey loving Alan. Knowing the Mamber.равo. Come on. Northease. There's a railroad here. Knocked up and hoped down. All taken up. Dropped pretty solid 0. گ 50 ponies to weaker than UK WQAM. So we got what about the four or five birthday cards? How about that? Let's go. And one yesterday from that guy I never want to hear from that silly poll up there in Palm Beach County. Don't bother me anymore, sir. Please. Oh, he ain't listening to anyone. Somebody in the domestic just told him I mentioned this thing on a air. Just like the time I talked about Richard Friedman's signature in the National Anthem at the Macarena, where the old Miami or Arena, and he called the thank me on the air. Sorry, Richard, it was awful. And he gave him a wig. Oh, look at that. Mary Lou and Highly who just called the other day. Okay. He's right me to get him up Bill Anderson and it on. And I'm sorry, Mary Lou, I don't have time to read all that, but thank you so much. Oh, boy. Here's a birthday card for my friends at the Miami Airport Mail Center with a whole bunch of people outside this. That's great. Can you give us the name of that book about the post office? Oh, my Harry. Oh, yes, matter of fact, I haven't right here. I haven't been touched by human hands yet. Let's call the really United States Postal Service, exposed adultery, disparity, favoritism, lies, fraud, equal violence by Harry. Oh, that's the name of the book. And a couple others here too, our friend Richard, what's the name from Flamingo Records. It sends us all those crappy records that nobody's got a record player anymore. And even if we did, we wouldn't want to hear them anyway. I know what is now. I have no other than Montecit. Thanks. And here's Marla and a couple of others. Nothing to exciting. They don't want to overdo it. You know, that is just like the phones this morning. It's like any other day. Any other day. It's all request Friday if deals birthday, but they don't want to get too killed away. You know, right. Here's a nice gift by the way from our close personal friends, whoever they are. Joe and Joe L on Mike B. at Coin Traders Inc. And it's a thing. Coin Traders Inc in the sunrise at 2756 North University Drive. I look at that. It's a thing to got my pictures on it. And a little name cut out of something Neil Rogers spelled right. Kind of a faded crappy old picture. But nevertheless, it's a very nice thing. It's a framed and I'll hook together here like a real. The coins have your personal too. Even the coins have my picture run to a penny. A dime a quarter and a half dollar. And a conical. Let's see, 55858991 cent. Huh? That's good to go along way and a road to retirement. What do you say, huh? Oh, it looks good. Just looking at the step in the right direction. Thank you guys. So I'll walk out of here today with George's leaning, growing the machine, George, Rodriguez and George Forman. And some other stuff. And then of course that shirt from screw-in, which I'm going to go home and burn on the patio. Oh, I am. It's an ice shirt and it's a Tommy Hill a few of you were too, but I'm going to burn on the pan. I'm going to put it on the grill. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Mobile in Orlando, long gone. They found their own dime. What do they call on their own dime? Are they crazy? They're not there to see. I don't understand why you people do that. They run their 28 and a half minutes. They're calling on the, on the pay line. Here's four of myers, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Got a four plate player this morning. Early afternoon. This evening. Whenever. I was out of the country for a couple of weeks. Yeah. I went to Toronto first. Yes. If it wasn't to cold, it's such a gorgeous city. Everything you say about it, the people, the atmosphere. It is amazing. It is amazing place. Yeah. The whole fire is just complete opposite compared to that. I'm planning to go up there. I really thought of it too, you know, in the same way. No. No. But I'm planning to go up there probably later probably in April or May when it goes to the nation's pool. Yeah. I was also in Israel unfortunately for you. You were never good there. I would not. However, there are radio stations. They're playing, not obviously the song that you heard in the video and answer. You saw the video and answered them or it all in the last minute. You were talking about that song. What the music he knew you saw? Yes. But the Bravo Wall standing was playing on their radio stations there a lot. How do you like that? Even in Israel they know good music. Yeah. And I was actually, I actually heard the song. It was a song set. It was such a thing. It caught my attention. Yeah. So I really liked that. And the last thing on my plate happy birthday. Oh, second one. You're saying about the funky names before? Yeah. You had one that had a while ago years ago from the other station there. And you had a name of one of these beauty projects in person from South Africa, Jackie, Mo, Essing. Right. So you can play that? Well, we don't have that. That's long gone. Really? That was interesting. I got no name to call it. Is that anymore? I don't see. She be gone. Okay. Well, secondary request? Yes, sir. Something from the old time that possible the Michael Jackson World Poor. Okay. Thank you, Neil. You got a man. Hey, Karen, I don't have a great song. Of course they played it. I think once you're twice in power 96, the kids didn't come in burden of building down. So this is, well, that's okay. By the way, kid carries out my birthday card. And a real glowing message on here. And you said you're right. You didn't have a great answer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Happy birthday, Maddie Gong. Happy birthday, Bowlerong. Happy birthday, Maddie Gong. Happy birthday, Big Muddy Gong. Beautiful. Thank you. There's my first call from Luxibu town. Can you feel the love? Oh, I feel it. Can't you just feel it? Oh, yeah. The deals are謀ping for your power. So soothing and lovely. I'm just a plain stuff that I'm not going to sit here and bake for calls on my birthday. It's just a good happen. Okay, so, what do you guys? All right, you suck. 22 before 1 at 5.50 WQM. It's Friday. You wear spoons. A 32er picker here. That was a plan. You have me way mama would be good. That can't be the hungrier's girl. That I ever did see with the never making men to act 233 way chicken. Hammered by deserve, dark Donna, and 12 years of porn. Which blew bonnet on it. In my whistle, four of the kids keep baby. Something about the pie really drove me crazy. I never will forget when you tried the ram with dribble on your chin. It's just not bad. When you finish what was left, a chicken bone. Do the fat see their end of what the world is ever known. I was deep in love. Teaching love for me. When you was more in love with the science and being to my advice to you, that a bloody hell to fit in a pair of jeans from that bacombian fish. All that summer day, you ain't your dad. The witch, I'm used to the bowl of tricks. And I was regained on the technique that day in the summer. In the summer. I can't believe she devoured a rack of ribs. Will the chair be included in the pit? She almost forget on that picnic that day in the summer. I can't believe she devoured in the summer. But the dad's in deep depths of the world. And there is also someone that may put into his songs. Do the song and that will sound. I like to kiss the lights to the side. I'm a family, a family, a family, a family. I like to kiss the lights to the side. If you're ready for a thousand, you're on the same side. I like to kiss the side. I like to kiss the side, we can give You a conference for great guests to be their holders. Or Mister, for those people who don't want to get to our house. Of hang if you need something or really not to put on, That's right. Don't ask the question of что. Oh, I love how nothing ever less I Supposed to think about that a couple will always walk. And to my adopt as an obtainable man to make F plasma create them just and not abandon cooking people to practice and be Aware. If such dollars did capture me one person who creativity also is a where the traffic on the nearby lake, specifically rather just no trip of the tent. So these are the odd safety tips you have, ladies. Every thing's busy eating, not feeling busy. And just as a day I got a 10-consult to do things build by the Ken Beep Hour Door, I think the first ride that comes to my head. I'm a big fan of the right set of friends. I've been emailing on my brand new computer. People who drive to work are committed to the other way and meet the set of known and sport. I've seen this song listen to like a store. Yeah, I keep a little bit of a little bit of a manual executive. It's just comfortable. I've heard this song so it's coming. I'm not dumb enough. I'm not what I have to say. I look around the audience. Did the seat open? Sir, man, what is an LLG? Oh, that is that. What's that, man? You know, in the past, 45 at 5.60 WQM happy birthday to all of us who are celebrating our birthdays today. Thank you, you're welcome. A couple of open lines on Air like Line 7 is open. Line 8 looks real open. Open the manual. Yeah, pretty weak. Pretty weak response after 23 years in a marketing. We get one call for each year. Well, seriously, when you think you are like one card, I think that's a good parameter. One birthday card for each year you've been on here. I got one about six, six cards. Two or three of them that I could have lived without, you know. But I mean, nevertheless, I can't be too easy. Six, so that's 17 short. Still short. Here's a mobile and medley, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thanks. I just can't imagine what this town would be like if we didn't at least have you to celebrate. I'm not registered. You're ready. And I know how it scares me what's going to happen when you go. You're ready. I heard it. Move the century village. Hey, one little thing. The other. Lou Ann Winick. If I can talk about your, if I can talk about your, I don't think we're going to say that. I wouldn't say that. I think we have to. I'm just, I'll be right back. Believe me. Anybody brought up what her involvement with that whole low-jay thing once? How come she never took the fall for that? Because she called up Tracy Caracet when Boston and told him he was going to have to be prepared to take the call. Since he was part of the promotions department and since he don't work here anymore, since he's trying to cover her ass to the bitch. You know, that's an understatement. Yeah. In fact, that's an insult to bitches all over the world. In closing. Yes. I'm not a prima don on. I'm not an elitist, but I got the fun pass. And I'd like to tell everybody that the white lane on the pole is not the park in deciding what lane you want to be. Amen. Get out of my way. Right. You'll God bless you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the end. And also the ones with a blue signs on there that say, exact change, like right over here where I go every day, where it's 50 cents, two quarters or five times, and whatever it had you got is not for also sitting there. Look, it's starting to look around and shuffle to your purse, Antiolema. See if you got a couple of quarters in there. Okay, feeling the change. What kind of an asshole gets to a turnpike toll plaza? And then all of a sudden at that point starts fiddle around it. And what kind of a person gets in the exact change lane? And then starts coming around for the God damn change. And nine out of ten times, it's some Antiolema. I don't want to start an old racial thing again here today, but I will anyway. It's generally speaking some God damn Antiolema. Amen. I say get Antiolema off the road right now. Here's a mobile and cool spring, hello. Hi, Zia, I'm Aria. Okay, sir. Have you heard me? Hi. I was, I ought to press your cleavage company, and I did some work for you two years ago. And so you're birthday, I would like to give back to you something. You give us all entertainment all the time, and I'd like to do something for you, around your house. No matter what it is, why not to drive everything else. George has my number. Okay. And just because you give us entertainment every day, and nobody seems to appreciate it. I think this is the most ungrateful, much of bastard ever encountered my life. I do, I don't work at George's house, so because he's either so great. So, we'll call him, and that they may never come, but when it does. Even if you don't call, it's just the offer. That's exactly right. It's just an amount of accounts that I really couldn't. I really appreciate it. Please accept this justice as a gift on the day of my daughter's sway. Have a great day, everybody. Thank you so much. Okay. Now, by the way, Scott, too bad you couldn't come the other guy dominated the great job fixing my hose out there. My little broken, whatever the thing was, my broken pipe. Sorry about that, Scott, but I don't do groupies in my house. I also look real good. Here's a mobile in the keys, hello. Mobile in the keys. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yes. How are you doing? This is a first time long time. Okay, don't be screaming, oh, sir. I'll be screaming. Okay. There you go. But I just want to call her. Wish you had the good day. Thank you. Listen to your old time. You're great. Yes, sir. Okay, thanks. Okay. So much screaming, man. Too much God damn screaming. Don't want to hear no screaming on my birthday. Okay. I want to hear screaming. I call my mother. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And that little dog didn't get sick from three soda crackers. No, no, no, no. That was probably the five pounds of candy you gave me after the soda crackers or maybe a little bit before or in between or around and during. That might have been it, ma. How? Here's a mobile in Orlando, hello. Yes, deal, Gloria. Okay, sir. Happy birthday. It sounds like my mother. Thanks. Yeah, they're all the same. They're all painted in the ass. Yeah, they are. I know. Anyway, I want to say happy birthday to you on a long time listener first phone call. Excellent. And I'd like to request something, if I'm not. Yes, sir. It's all request Friday, but these people have seen the catch on very good today. Not the bottom this week. There are beyond hope this week. They're immovable and intractable. Yeah, I happen to agree with you. I've been listening all week and it's been pretty sad. I've been working for my life. I've been part of the clip. I haven't called in. So I have to blame as well. I'd like to hear Gange be good. No. Okay. I appreciate it. Happy birthday. Thanks. Thank you. See what I mean? Why don't do these requestings very much anymore because it's like the same five things. I'll play it. But I mean, five, six, seven, five, sixty. Here's a call from Tawanda, Pennsylvania, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Happy birthday. Thanks. I got to tell you something. I'm kind of a new listener just last couple of months on the net. Right. I got through you, we're trying to catch a dolphin game one day and I got into your archives and I just fell in love with your program. Great. We're 24 hours shift. Come home in the morning. Two new end. Listen to you all day. Last night. All right. And just like that. Yeah. We're really big and Tawanda, Pennsylvania. We're not too big and date and brag. But once we start, now seriously. Once we start catching on on the internet all over the world, I can get there a lot of here. Neil, you're the main way for most of the time. Happy birthday. Thanks a lot, Pally. See. There you go. See what I turned it. They love me out of town.�, they're not big at all. Except maybe the hockey games and once in a while it's publics. Love my publics. By the way, I love all publics. I'm just thinking this platter that tough rock man's enough to redeem him almost. Especially if he gets to work in that economy and phone, I'm just something instructive that has to do with radio. Instead of just trying to be like a, you know, but the chef or whatever he's a caterer, we appreciate the food very much stuff. It was very nice. It's delicious. But please, something that might have something to do with radio. I know that that's not very big in this place. Especially when the big cheese comes in here scratching his head, making fun of the thing there in 1900 on the guy. Oh, gee. They're doing a game on a sofa. Oh, well. I bet you they're following work, though. Here's Miami. Hello. What is this? Hello, new. Yes. How are you? Okay. I have a shameless request. Yeah. I want to hear, you know, that field Henry's get to get with the, uh, I turned call off a fill and ask him to play before you. Okay. We're not playing no fill. Henry's get set off a little, uh, the bills. And then George gets to call off the, while we're playing that from some bitch, uh, out of Bill's sock. Yeah. juvenile childish embarrassing. Probably one of the sports nerds left over, which we don't have the sports nerds or listen to the show. Our people don't listen to them and they don't listen to us. What a match made in heaven. I mean, we've come full cycle now. There is no crossover. There is absolutely zero crossover. None. Zippity, dude. Zippity A. That guy in midday is sounding real gay. Is that how that thing goes? Here's a one-minute run line. What will take it anyway? Here's Bokeh. Hello. Anyl, happy. Another football nerd. Nobody cares, pal. Come on the sports shows. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil, I have to break that in my friend. Thank you, my pal. I pie's on. My best close personal friend. No, pal. Whatever you are. If this doesn't prove how these athletes are just folks in disguise. Nothing will. Guess what just happened. I'm just watching the news right now. What is that? Dennis Robbin and Carmen Electra have just been arrested. Both of them for domestic violence at my beach. Really? Channel 7 has got the helicopter right on the prisoner transport event. Yeah. Take it up to jail. All right. I mean, this is just right. I mean, this is just ridiculous. Have a shameless request for you. Yes? Can you play the ranching job in a ranching by Daddy Naktioss? How does that thing come in by the way? Did you meet any arrest yet? My dad's not me. He makes me win. He's hit me up with a gun. When I went to a birthday day, he was a high-tech hero by my daddy. I walked to a high dad's not me. I was a kid of a dream. If it's not a me, he'll be with me. I'm up to a moon, no. He beat the edge, he beat the edge, he beat the laugh, they're home. And I'll show my daddy to you, no. He's up the edge, oh he's up the camera, no. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not me. He beat me up with a gun. He beat the heart, no. He's up the moon, no. He beat the heart, no. He beat the heart, no. He beat the heart, no. He beat the heart, no. I'll tell you one thing, the NRA people are real fun to drive but maybe because at least she didn't get shot anyway. That's one. She goes to prove. Four minutes before I won it, five, 60 WQAN. Kim Pokévert talks for four weekends right near. I'm forward radio, five, 60 QAN. No. No. No. No. No. No. Who's not ready? Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. Coming soon to a theater near you. Super-reef is Superman. Superman's five. Belle, tell him to demand to connect plant to me. Oh, but it's drowning. Hey, you're a good Superman. Here he comes. He's in a wheelchair. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'll tell him. Superman. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Two great. Yeah. Now to call you Super-Gim. Give her your freak. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I got nothing to happen. Get on top of her. Uh, uh. Oh, no. Oh, the evil sword. I'm finally fizzled out of May it to defeat Superman. You...with-with Brittonite? NO! GURS! AH! AH! AH! AH! Subramant Bai to search for a bigger doorway. Pulling into a teatre near you. мар data sad thermica insecurity signatures OR You pick every lap to curve in the country. That smoke get every day until you're long storm like With all the funnets that we have made You make a dust of need and a foreign day A American fooler's home here and say Got nothing like this in the new day, smoke Smoke can't smoke smoke They like up this cliff and talk They begin to puff and choke Smoke can't smoke smoke They can't drink good Under the Delva Sun you are a rascal man You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can And you pick a finger from miles around To bite people from you by the ounce and it down Rascal man is age of a rascal man Are you right? They can't drink good tonight and then they smoke Smoke can't smoke smoke They like up this cliff and talk Smoke can't smoke smoke Smoke can't smoke smoke They can't drink good They smoke with the electric Come on 104 at 5.60 WCM Here's a facts from KPR We should have your workplaces Your website states there are 3 years, 24 days in Some 11 hours left on your contract Wrong Wrong 2 years, 240 days And 55 minutes and 15 seconds Not for them counting Better get that straight now, Eric 3 years my ass in 24 days 2 years, 240 days and 55 minutes and 8 seconds Not for them counting How do you like that? Come on Eric, get with us we'd art October 1, that's the magic day Not January 1, October 1 As in September 31, like I said, 3.59 days Here's a call from KPR Yes sir Happy birthday One time a lift They're here in KPR Wait, really enjoyed your program Just wanted to wish you happy birthday Thank you so much Take care and have a great weekend Bye bye There you go nice guy from KPR Call the set is very best Up there in Pennsylvania they're calling from Sometimes it's a to wander What ever it was? Whatever it was To want to what's your name? What's your name? Bro, I'll call you I'd like to play stupid It gives you an excuse to open up a mouth Here's pepper pines Hello Hey how are you doing? Okay sir First off, I want to wish a big happy birthday Thank you And you know these people really are ungrateful to you I mean you know 20 years I'm just ungrateful They're just unfriendly I mean Jesus Christ How much how much talent does it take How much effort does it take to call and say Gene we really appreciate the entertainment Happy birthday, have a great life Or up your ass or something But these people here But anyway You know it's the gift gift They don't want it you know Yeah You give and I give and I give and I give If I would have given away those front row back street boys tickets They got pretty zebra fit to the arena Right there in the front row These phones we'd burn the lines out It's personally the kids off from school today You know exactly I mean if you were given away you know You know whatever Josh Freeman left in the toilet You know earlier this morning All right Oh my god Oh can I have that? Thanks for helping my diet by the way Sorry about that But you know I got a shameless request Yes sir Speaking of like now the people you know Asked everyone that do you have the one with the ticket lady From off your full city You're that one The one where the free ticket lady Yeah the one where the free loan ticket lady Take it central Hello Hello Happy ticket please To for what Uh Me a disconnect from Pickets if he's giving What are they for? Okay Yes Yes I guess I can't get him because I don't know what they're for Well I mean if you wanted him You can hardly hear you So it's out of the radio So I mean if you wanted a free ticket You don't know what they're for I know it just because they're free You want him just because they're free You don't even know what they're for They're for their Yeah For the horse racers Uh In the population in Papago They're for raises in Papago at the Irish fest They're having horse racers at municipal stadium Well you can't me with that for I want them because I have some friends at a town I want to give it to them So what? For the horse racers? I don't know race Well that why did you call? You heard that magic word didn't you? Sweet Right? Is it that what you did? You heard Neil say sweet Hello Hello Hello Yes You want him? Yes, I would like to know how to kiss Hold on That right there Thank you, sir That made my day on my birthday grotto smile back to my post That right there is a definitive shot for what I call She don't even know what it's for But it's free It's like when they have that little blimp going around in the Mcerrine during the hockey games There's a hundred times worse even than the crappetroll over those teachers The little blimp is dropping little slips of paper And people don't even know what it's for Some shotskey, you know like a panther pin that you can pin on your echo Somebody else is if you like some stupid little shotskey And they're running around and knocking each other over And falling over the railing out of the upper deck It's free It's free What is it? I don't know but it's free Oh I got some for you free And guess what? I got some for you free No extra charge Like I said 24 What is it? 24 minutes in the four seconds Something like that I got left Two years, three hundred and forty days And fifty one minutes, fifty minutes and forty nine seconds I don't know count I'm not keeping track am I? Oh no I say I'm fucking idiot I am William Chapman Nobody likes to be late That's why your arrival is guaranteed It's like trick As you're captain you have my work I need to be in power And an hour Stop running Stop I need the enterprise I'm root to power immediately But served We have been called an off-stanglity All crystals that take the ship five hundred dollars It's got a form to pass into the major help If I could get out and push it myself Well get the barrisque We've got to Mr. I Yes when you're ready to travel On time just go Flight us Yes that's a wrong 20 minutes Oh my god Character branch Just walk here Compton Just running in a 20-8 Wrong 20 minutes Captain To attempt to maneuver the enterprise Now it would be a logical response Get that ship The wrong We do not have That's an order Mr. So now that you know I don't accept excuses For being late Why not book you on the exploit on flight track And get there on time I told you my ego is being Sleep big Okay so 150 to 50 Just place the thing on CNN The Nicole Simpson Foundation Remember after the OJ Kilo's people And they started that thing about the Better women and all other stuff And all these people running around Not her all the other shows grandstandey Oh and we're going to do this and help Better women So far expenses 5630 bucks Actual donations The charity were like a buck in a half I mean like nothing Like a few bucks How do you like that Sounds like some golf firm I can think of Yeah speaking of OJ Here's Carl Springs Hello You got it Perfect Thank you sir Happy 57 to you brought a lot of And join us to the over the years And by 2000 and so I hope I'll be out of here also Good So in my final request of your birthday And you know how about act strange Okay Thank you You got it Ladies and gentlemen If I could offer only one tip for the future Yeah Act strange And people will leave you alone The rest of my advice has no basis More reliable To my own the andering experience Put us slinky around your neck And try to walk down stairs Backwards head first Sit naked in a large bowl of rice Crispies and singing feelings By the kernels Glossess Crackle and Puff Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole What they say how much Lick stranger Tell them you're from Bosnia and your country It's a sign of respect Take lots of pills One of them might work Occasionally ask the stranger They've heard anything from Lewis D I'm going in During an IRS audit Staple the guy's hand to his desk Moon A funeral Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working Run naked through a mall yelling Killer bees Killer bees Say the word tittie without smiley Try to figure out who said polysures should star in movies Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gates You should work with kids Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries And try to make a run for it Disappear for great lengths of time Try to touch your forehead with your tongue It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort At a high school reunion Tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework Ask Mark McGuire He'll take a million dollars for one of his books Try to find the secret to Karatop's success Understand your conception was an accident That your parents got wasted And wanted a few more last before they passed out Try not to lose your finger in your nose Take a bot cost system toss them on a lawn next door Go on a car group with op cost system force of the stainless car seat Try to dribble bot cost Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness Knowing you you've done some crap that's really estimating Wish no real will to anyone Unless you don't like them Then screw them on their own Realize anyone who says that completely has a completely full of crap Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or he always walks like that Understand that there are bad people in the world And you may just be one of them Sniff and old lady Imagine gomer pile in the gay bar trying to get lucky Do this without laughing Find what's left of your innocence Understand it, embrace it, protect it And if it's so often take it out for a nice notch Karatop's not to care Home while you eat Act strange And people will lead you alone Which is a perfect lady for this This is a good help by Dr. Paul Donnie when a son's settle Thanks for facting this by the way Dear Dr. Donnie, my daughter 47 years old is awakened from a sound sleep With rectal pain I would appreciate any insight you give us on the subject Dear MB Those symptoms suggest Proctology, QJacks Episodes of standing rectal pain Often coming in night lasting from several seconds The 30 minutes are its hallmark Sitting on a closed fist can end the pain Sitting on hot packs is equally equally effective Sitting on a closed fist How do you like that? Don't they have a word for that? Were you fudge back him? If these two maneuvers fail getting into a tub of warm water Almost always brings relief The cause of the pain is not known But some speculated it might be the spazons of rectal muscle So there are your three choices, okay? You can sit on hot packs, hot potato warm tub Or sit on a closed fist for about a half an hour Need a good friend for the last one Or whatever your own closed fist Yeah, I can't do that Well, you got to work on it like Ron Jeremy Twenty after one at five sixty WQAM Maybe Mal come in and help her out Well, I'll come in and enjoy it on here for about a half an hour Was he done to you? I don't know, he's getting away Got your way down the list, you'd have been nothing Go be doing it, go be doing it We're waiting a long time on their mobile Cause all these other mobile people are waiting a long time And he's sick of you anyways, what he said That's right Happy to be back Thanks, sir Did you catch the article on the first page of the local section of the Harold About this guy was talking about the all this money that's always been brought in Whenever special events come to a south Florida No I mean he didn't talk about it much Cause he was on my son's free to cup it all All this money is going to be coming in And the same thing that they always say Whatever the super bowl comes all year What are you going to go? Who's going to get it? He was saying this mythical money that comes in all the time Longness of the house, yeah And people keep buying that story How do you kid you to write a school that I hear is a good message for you Starts I'm kind of a fake charity like that in the Colsonson Foundation And you can make a fortune you can return it about six months I don't think they'll get much with $5600 They won't get it But that's just for starters though That's just a teaser A teaser Or anyways Speaking of free loading things Yeah, and you were mentioning the other day During the Calgary game Some idiot decided that he was going to do whatever he needed to To get a free shirt when those morons were pulling him up in the stand Right And practically Don't knock those that new pants and patrol a couple of those guys look pretty good I don't know what the hell he was doing But he practically knocked my wife's head off Really? Yes So which I had noticed that the guy next to me noticed And he... He got thrown out of the arena For doing what? For a taken man and put him back in his shirt without him wanting to At which point did I realize what had happened? For taking the man I just put it kindly He just knocked him back on his shirt On your ass I say it To the seat And then of course that's the person who gets You know throw that while the other guy Didn't apologize Well now I see why George had you on hold so long join I mean Just thought I'd mention that Thanks See you Take care of yourself Bye Oh he wasn't offended by that one I mean no he's a good guy I was just terrible 560 560 Out of town line is open If you move quickly maybe 877 785 5 Neo Not that we really care 877-865-6345 I think what they do is like blocking that line off about half of the show Because otherwise it'll run off a gigantic bill Wait till the coordination might which they're postponing as long as they can We're gonna be setting people up to call from all over the world Just to piss them off Just to run up a gigantic bill because the bees are so cheap and disgusting and despicable Here's Hollywood Hello Hello Neil Yes sir First of all my wife and I would like to wish you a very happy birthday And I've been listening to you since I was a little punk And in correspondence with the breeders club I would like to like a new, um, Phil Henry when you and Phil Henry were together To affirm Denali Dore Yeah You know they were entertaining to look at to watch And you guys are very entertaining to hear Yeah And like I said, I'm not happy birthday And we should all the best and keep it real, Nicky Okay 5 6 7 0 5 what are you doing now? Name a notebook Ah, indeed a post office book by Harry Jesus Christ Out of town line hello Neil Yes sir Oh yeah, I'm on a ride Well we're on pick up cool because George is busy with the stupid post office book Oh no way hey, where are you? I'm a nipple Oh I'm right Um, divine invention Neil God I need to tell you a quick story Yes The younger guy, um, kind of sitting on the fence Not a really religious person Um, leaning towards atheism though Yeah Um, in my office today We had a guy in here talking about insurance Falls or something else And uh, the app and the mention, um, the things um, Acts of God And I was, uh, standin' about 5 6 6 There was good Yeah A standin' about 5 6 The way I was, God And I'm like, no such thing, you know I kind of said it underneath my grass Um, this guy, he just totally dropped the conversation he was having And came over to me And sort of give me the song and dance about Boba Boba, the Bible And Boba, you have a spirit and a soul Oh God Oh my God Oh boy Boba Boba Right And uh, anyways, um, it was like you must have a... Yeah You must have been sitting on my shoulder Could I just sat there and I looked at him And I said you people are all same You can't just hear the word and walk away You go, I think you're right at my house And try and tell me you're Christian or whatever else And I said just try to keep it here yourself Keep it here yourself Yup I don't want to hear it You're not in the cell, I'm trying to thank you for a little, uh, Divine intervention, so to speak And give me one more slow, uh, home All right Uh-huh, okay Thank you Sikobai Yeah Come on, we'll just pass, uh-huh How about one of those, let do? No 5 6 7 5 6 The other townmines, open again Hear better thing homin baby 877-785-Neal 877-785-335 So what Aunt Won is going to share was having no trouble Understanding that story 26 after 105-60 W Q And... You excited, you bursting Oh the hell God, welcome So till our build brad lady We still, we need little brad lady He's fallen 60 times. Played from basketball. Just your love bill, Brad. Yeah, we need him that day. He's gonna win the race. He below him cause he is the doctor. He's not a good boy. Did I mention that he is the doctor? He played for the day. He doesn't borrow sick. Yeah, we love him cause he is the doctor. Not our goal, not our goal. Not our goal, yeah, he's not our goal. I say it one time, boy. We love Bill of Art. But because he's not boring, Albert Gore. Well, don't you love Bill, Brad. Yeah, you love Bill, Brad. Don't worry about it. 560 WC, thank you, Albert. Show at Golfstream getting ready for tomorrow's big breeders cup. And then we got Hank with the special Jimmy at 5. Luke Shelby 6 and I am 30 pre-game and I am 30 to Game of Tentaclock tonight. The Panthers at Vancouver has Pauval Burre returns to Vancouver to beat the snout of the Knoch score 4 or 5 to 9. And then we got Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval P Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pau Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pauval Pl剛剛 asointing by PhrasnamFO Planiagen騎士 borrowed the hand. Convert the hand. Convert the taken hand from 大� Symphony Du print monmond. Convert inutation 來佔lon pictures 你畫你瞧在 Chatu Chrum Yeah, yeah, yeah, no one better handle it. You're perfect. Yeah, yeah, you did head. You're a lucky sim. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. I'm available to price. You won't find hard to swallow. And it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of tempo. Can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said I wanted to go out and get heads. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down, pal. And that makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some heads. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me heads. Then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get a Durgan's lotion and a national beauty dress. I'm going to try to keep a woman out of stock. And give me some heads. My love your stock is in the shower. No one out of home can't belong to her. If you buy it up your hook and move. Can't get red, right? Then I can feel it so can't get a messy number. The one I've better can't get a deal better than you get some heads. The deal better than you get some heads. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. Long. I air looks great. I can use it, man. Come on, let's still through with five sticky W-2. I swear as a facts from David and Stor dos says, I finally have you on the internet. It's static city, trying to listen on the radio. Guess what, David? Even if you don't hear it, lady, and brawt it's still static city, trying to listen on the radio. He goes on to say, Joe Rose is an asshole. Defoe is an asshole. Greg Reed is an asshole. Program directors an asshole. You're surrounded by assholes. It says, like the old saying goes, if assholes could fly, W-2-2 would be an airport. Thank you, David, up there in Stor. Or steward up there. Where were we going? To a lady in Boynton Beach, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, man. Happy birthday. Thanks. It took time off for my work. Just to call you. We should have been working. Well, I was very nice. I have a great weekend. And you too. I love listening to you. Thanks. See you. Bye-bye. See you. There was a nice lady took time off for my busy life. She cares. I'm like the lady who took time out yesterday and told us that she doesn't care. No matter what it is, you fill in the blank. You don't care. It's about that. She don't care about that either. That's why I caught a bitch that called to yesterday. It's been a week like that, man. It's been a week with an A really bad eye. Apologize profusely. All the people in all 10 people listening on the internet, all around the goddamn world. Although it should give you a real good insight as to what this bum fork town is all about. If you ever thought a commenter is a tourist just say, no. To this town, okay? By the way, the people rated all monaccuero be there. Come up with the best places to live that bogus thing. Salt Lake City was number one. And Tampa St. Pete was number three. Tampa St. Pete Queer water was number three. Okay, the Toronto by the boys number seven, the top city's to live in North America. Did Miami make the list? No, for a lot of day. No, Palm Beach? No. No. Here's cool spring, hello. Hey, how are you doing today, New York? Okay, sir. I just wanted to call and I know you probably tired of hearing about happy birthday. Thank you. And just to let you know, you know, a lot of people out there, you know, they have to attitude towards all that. But it's a tell you there are people out here that really like what you're doing and respect a lot of what you do. And just want to say, keep it a good work and have a good life. Thanks. Hey, have a great day. And I'll pray for us. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, the other town line is open if you move real quickly.