Sports radio 560. How you guys playing with the Riding Hood? The Neal Rogers Show. Just talking to Neil, called 560-560 toll free for dating Broward. More pound-560 on yourself. Oh, wow. The opinions of Neil is guest coller. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Be easily read acquisition or the be easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560, QA-A. On 560, WQAM will never be the same. Starting this Monday, it's the SUDGE Pullman Show. Monday through Friday, 6th of 10am. Right before Neil, a SUDGE Pullman Show. Only on 560, WQAM. Let me take you down to you. And you stay in your left. Drop everything else. Jerry. While making drug deals. Jerry. And nothing seems to try about. Drop everything else forever. Oh. Living is easy for sports girls. Who puts a fan in the seat. Such a soft, soft, and kiss-knaps. But he can still catch up. Oh, Sam. You think he can get you 93? And he won't come down, because he's out here. Who is strong at every feel? He's making drug deals. But now he can hit the ball. Drop everything that's left forever. Oh. Now when he's swinging at strike three, I'll finish my sea high on blow. Yeah. And all the little trees will bring that it's all right. To get real high and grab a bat. Let me take you down to you. You stay on the ramp. Drop everything else. One making drug deals. Oh. There's nothing going to shoot him out. Drop everything else forever. Oh. Drop everything else forever. Yeah. Feel properly. Real happiness forever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It works so large in the basket. Hello. That's all, man. that can hit the mind, that gets st deer.... look at theaviore the bull is flat that's all of a tough break report there all maybe let's all say codish for deal strawberry. Little problem this morning to your clock at a morning over there in Tampa. He was all getting ready to go to the minor leagues you know get rehab. He sent that little a colon cancer problem or a prostate whatever was and Yankee outfield or Darrell Strawberry charged with possession of cocaine and solicitation of a prostitute. Only for $10 over in Tampa. Honey like that during a search by offices after he was arrested for soliciting an undercover opposite for sex for $50 this morning. 0.3 grams of powder cocaine was found inside of his wallet police said he was released on $6,000. $1,000. Shortly earlier they the lanky left handed with eight time all star was in Tampa it's bringing training camp to get back in the shape getting ready to make his 85th comeback okay you think he's going to make his 85th. No come on he deserves what 20 30 more chances. I think that all juxtapes deserve like 70 way more chances come on just give him a chance come on Darrell. Don't blow at this time. So anyway speaking that boy I'm looking forward to this show today I have got so much stuff to talk about today. I mean I am looking forward to this eagerly and just I can't begin to tell you. First piece of great news but this is selfish you know I don't want to be selfish but I will anyway. Cause I'm always talking about what allows you stock to carry in and yesterday I get home I got CNBC sitting on there which there was a great article by the way about CNBC in the ascent sent on yesterday which I forgot I didn't have time to get to cause of all those great calls we had. But they really do a great job that's the best of all the TV network CNBC. These people I've said it may times before and remember we had the call from Ted David a few weeks ago sure you do they worked like round a clock joke current and I think must have a bed in the back there is wife season like about an hour on a weekend. I just I don't believe the hours that these people put in and they like almost never make a mistake they don't thumble and bumble and they just I mean granted that all the guests they bring on most of our full of crap and one guy says this it's bear a crap it's bull crap you know and who the hell knows what they're talking about but they sure do a phenomenal job. So I'm watching yesterday in the house and here comes caterpillar the vein of my existence okay I don't want to mention my good friend Derek at the track gave me a tip on his abogas tip months and months and months ago and I bought it at 55 in change and it went down as low as 39 in change and just always seen the stock there between 44 48 46 go up a pointer to go down tree and I thought to myself I'll never live long enough to get the money back I made a pretty you know fairly good chunk of change investment on that thing why I don't know because I'm a schmuck. I look on the screen there on the crawled caterpillar up six 60 and something I was on the phone like immediately if not sooner. Salute salad okay this come down. And as luck would have it I wasn't able to get through to my broker right away because I got one of those recordings you know like if you call for the airline please hold because the volume of calls right I was very heavy and when I did find it gets you had to go on up another half a point 50 and 580 nice going Neil for once in your life and this morning the bad news is it's back down three eight to the point already I hope it goes down to 10. I hope not if you have any of it but I just hope it goes down to 10 and if it went up to 100 doesn't phase me I'm not one of those people that says gee if I would only held out of it though I'm real happy to bail out and make a very small and happily profit. Thank you. Thank you Derek you lucked out. By the way if Dr. Mark is listening to anybody in his office which I certainly doubt because I don't think there's anybody in his office but if they are I notice page two of my blood testing from the other day oh look at my arm by the way you have a nice beautiful technicaler inside of my elbow there not as good as the other one from that clinic that I don't want to mention but it's bizarre but anyway so page two of my report came in yesterday or I founded this morning here on my fax machine page one is mysteriously missing which had the most important stuff but getting back to this stuff getting back to this oh we got so much stuff to do they I'll never have time to do it let me just start with this about Hank I'm leaving here yesterday and Hank is going on his blood test results just came back why they took that long I have no idea because he was telling me to the day it's taken like nine days or something a couple of days you should have everything but then you ready said always test results were great as trackless arrives without a 110 99 before by the way but hey that's pretty good 110 and he said his blood sugar was normal and his doctor said he's no longer diabetic well guess what Hank we just have a bulletin Joe to magio just an outtie no longer dead when I heard him say that I wanted to I didn't know whether the scream or just get out of the car and lay down on the road there is no such thing as being no longer diabetic Hank I hate to break the news to you my blood sugar my test was 99 that's great my glyco a hemoglobin homoglobin normal is 4.2 to 7.0 6.8 that's that's your blood sugar over a period of I don't know how many weeks but over a period of time which is the two measure of it 6.8 well within normal range does that mean I'm no longer diabetic no but you know some people if you want to be a denial of your life and pretend it just doesn't happen I only wish that it could be you can control it but any doctor that would tell you that you're not diabetic anymore that's not your shit sleep with the fishes I'll take that right now so don't be a sin enough for that you know hot bugs Sunday for the banana split for that triple chocolate brownie brownie hound cake or whatever cause I hate to break the news you can't do it I think I like that the doctor says he's no longer diabetic 10 past 10 at 5.60 WC by the way speaking of Hank deepill had some amazing things to say this morning which will get to in the second your husband will never be the same starting this month on 5.60 WCAM it's the morning new is New York young people down the strawberry I'm a doctor good in and the personal coach Steve how that's what I like like no that good in the wind up the straw man snorts the line up he's drooling like a dog who heard a bell all right he's high as a lab rat for smoking the crack at a bat he does him like cocaine just like the way it smells snorting a bow towels rolling up the plan he's snorting a and he's keeping good and planning oh they lick the 20 dollar bill the teeth are grinding like a pappamil doing a boss oh a hole in pills he's in the house he's in the bullpen his nostrils are wide open he's so f*** up beating he's on the braids he gets advice from doc and doc prescribed some rock the first detour line in Danny bloated a snake for a birthday abuse the magic powder snorting a ball sprinkle it on the clam chowder prescription scouts of pet you will refill they do it in the pool if they had gills from the label going a boss oh now come all in pills all that money a boss out all the pills I like to welcome you all aboard issue your manager high you know that old saying that you can take the boy out of the get over to can't take the scum out of the scum bag 10 16 is five 60 w q a m so anyway we had some I mean that is a major story that happened late last night so it's on your papers this morning trust me when I tell you it's the ms but we had some nice spate a series of dead people all over some of them may be coming back you know like uh the people aren't diabetic anymore like daughter magio says trust me when I tell you my doctor says I'm not dead anymore huh even a blanket doctor says abe had a bad headache for like 130 some years but he's not dead anymore let's hear it for a woo guess who died well first of all there's good news in his bed no that's terrible you shouldn't say that about him but when they die like Anthony newly I hate Anthony why he's doing not any more he's dead couldn't stand him that you remember him Tony newly the British guy from doctor du little what kind of fool yeah oh he's he's saying like he would be an ultimate British constipated the singer he was 67 died yesterday the actor playwright author composer lyricist and singer died of this home in jensen beach after a lengthy bout with cancer he was first diagnosed in 1985 with renal cell cancer had one kidney removed after years of good health the cancer made it come back because god works in mysterious ways in 1997 and now he's dead oh Anthony newly dead what kind of fool well guess he's a dead fool now you won't see him no more although he could make it come back if his doctor says he's okay I hear there's a couple that before we get to the big one there's one very very big name that died unfortunately the Harold missed it all together and the people at the sun sent a uh i he described as their little more play than you gave me at least i thought so but anyway Jim blavin's died in Nashville the South proclaimed popcorn king market to the corner that a producer stay fluffier taste your popcorn to movie theaters and grocery stores he died he was 87 he was probably the first guy that said that corn sure is special just before in that babysitter john boy blavin's was operated in a uh a Nashville food broker to business in the forties when noticed that the movie industry boom was boosting sales of popcorn but suppliers hadn't caught up he's signed a contract to supply all the popcorn for middle Tennessee and a good light goes on and on we all know uh just in Jim blavin's whatever's name one here's another one gene vendor pill pile i don't know how you pronounce that p y l however it is she's dead now guess it makes no difference i pronounce it now because she's dead who was gene vendor a pile pill original voice of willma flinsta oh that's right she died of lung cancer she was 79 all your kids out there she died of lung cancer those cause she was smoking those fagots okay stay away from those fagots kids that damn fact i can't stand it right all those fagots man lung cancer another one who else just died not to know to measure there was somebody else just died of it it's smoking was a heavy heavy smoker it'll come to me okay so there's three down and one to go and here's the big story and i i first saw the headline and i thought i knew who it was and then i looked at the name and i said maybe i don't know who it was and then i read the story and i said yes i didn't know who it was William Wenzel 75 long time letterman show an answer and i thought to myself well gee the answer on David Letterman was Bill Wendel well William Wenzel was Bill Wendel who's first job in radio by the way was a WHAM and Rochester New York many many years ago he left there and moved to New York to join the now defunct do mantelvers network where work for the only co-vacs when co-vacs left for NBC Mr. Wenzel followed and he also worked with where's the thing very more jackberry more rippin alan king he was the uh... booth announcer the astudio announcer on just as zidian shows daytime shows over the years billwendel and probably that's one of the reason that Dave's ratings have gone through the toilet right now because the billwendel retired in 1995 after nearly 14 years because he said the funnily and he came to florida to retire he was a resident of del Ray Beach it was known professionally the one of the died of a hospice by the sea in bokeh 75 that of cancer billwendel and i remember billwendel no no anybody read the famous no i know i have a time where came by the hockey game last night before the game technically for reading his great call about the famous on the air and still the nice you fell asleep on my show while you keep remembering is the way you want to how it is more fun to a jazzed up on a he did fall he did a met falling asleep but he has a different room out of memory of the story billwendel is dead billman good guy great uh... very uh... one of those voices that was very distinctive you know you want to talk about it that game last night when we don't talk too much about that there's not much to say about that uh... i mean it was it was terrible it was just awful nice that the panther's one but i mean it was just horrible two terrible desperate teams what did i just miss did you want to what was that all about i'm getting my own play the month money oh my god are you serious did i just hear that ladies and gentlemen and they do enough but okay i was just saying i said yes i think it's gonna happen for you to be uh... that what was yet on there's nothing we want to remember again doing the answer is your to get to the two hundred dollar uh... check for being the employer the month several months ago from regret before he gets the free meal promised by remember what was that like two years ago at least two years ago you'll never live long enough to collect that he hates you like poison well how do you expect to go that you hate and hates you to buy a dinner although like you said he doesn't have to be there we'll see that hate wasn't there until uh... you know all of these things like stitching for the dinner like the thing you for the dinner all of these things to being an eco without a cause yeah all that stuff but you did like the hockey show that we found out yesterday oh yeah for now we have another interesting uh... in support we're gonna be doing today and the reason we're gonna do this one today is because i think uh... decal brought up an interesting point this morning around the building and of course you know loose lip syncs ships if you're gonna walk around a building and that that talking a lot and uh... you know saying all of these things all of these things i think that uh... we ought to discuss it openly on the area i'm never been one of those people the say things off the year that i want to on the earth or something to life that you can say but generally speaking i don't uh... worry about those things offending somebody so you know obviously the ratings keep coming month after month book after book trend after trend this show continues going through the roof we're doing great here knock on whatever a lot of people hate to show a lot of people out of the but they're all listening one way the other you know issues do in sensationally well bringing a lot of money here i'm sure Gregory likes that even if he don't like to show which i don't really care because i don't do the show for Gregory here in joro is called Gregory Gregory this morning i wanted to upstock right there in my beautiful corvette you know if i would grab and let her crappy or car i would have just puked all over the seat all over the steering wheel Gregory man or man that little dog just what a suck guy and then that's exactly what it was what is he saying and one thing i'll find it here yeah that's what he says what a suck up job that was yeah right Gregory do you know anything a great read you ever think in terms of Gregory huh i think like in terms of puss you know a Gregory no no so anyway uh... before was uh... posing the question or a mobile was it is like uh... well however he was doing it i think it's called passing the book because the morning show afternoon drive they both pretty flat they don't they go up a little tiny bit they go down a tiny bit they're not going anywhere it's like when you're running in place you know your feet are moving fast you're not going anywhere in fact even the program director when he got called me about the last trend he made the comment to me about well you know you went through the roof again yet a great trend we just don't ever seem to go anywhere the rest of the were flat flat as a pancake and people seems to think that the problem on the station is the afternoon show a tank is what he was basically saying now you might call that passing the book uh... you know trying to deflect from your own deficiencies whatever those might be assuming that they're not saying that there are i'm not passing judgment i'm going to lead that to the audience now we do have a lot of people that don't listen to the rest of the station those people naturally they'll have to like sit and observe and the chuck a little bit you know at the discomfort of these other people since evidently they're looking to start you know they're trying to start with me i don't really care i heard them talking about me this morning and defle make up some corny story about how i was uh... jumping all of these kids at the game last night trying to shove them out of the way to get the little stuff that the blimp drops down great fancivil but corny's bad for you defle not only diatarily but corny is bad for you the corny kills whether it's on your feet whether it's on your plate even if it's special it's a killer's bad stuff for you even a popcorn guy look at that he was eighty seven i think he was probably forty seven too much popcorn he's dead but we'll find out today from the softy and some of those people who do listen to sports nerds we have plenty of modern out don't have an opinion just like yesterday on a hockey show time the week link on this radio station is it morning drive or is it afternoon drive is it those three bows those in the morning or is it the hump or in the afternoon i will say this because i like hang but yesterday i was listening and went to the thing about his doctor said he was no longer diabetic and i pulled him cry at the same time and then he goes to the phones and and again you can't blame this on hang it is the caller's these sports nerds here is a call this is a call guys is uh well you know i'm hearing that the quotes might take a one and a four for marshal fall to the and i went click do you think they take a one and a four how about Lawrence well could he take a one and a two you think so if he might do that uh one and a two and off goes the radio so that's what we want to find out in our inch to pull before we get to the important stuff today about let's fire Brian and Terry Murray before we get to that stuff and Dave hide's column this morning and where the hell are the rest of my blood test results doctor mark see you can always say that he fact both pages because we'll never know you know here's page two i want page one what's a sense of listening to Paul Harvey and listen to page two if you're not going to use on page one anybody have to listen to Paul Harvey? no good he's also dead by the way nobody told him can't send with Paul Harvey Jr 10 27 at 5.50 WQM keep kish my rear end and now a royal flush princess die are you in there? yes could you bring princess to Montessigne? yeah okay bitch how do I take you? this is for valmore all princess that she said her doctor said she's not dead anymore thank you 1031 at 5.60 WQM we got Jim man dog man it's yeah for hank this afternoon between two and six then six o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B the Marlins and the Metz again the Marlins they just keep showing up night after night not for much use but they keep showing up any interest in that game no okay well let's get this thing going here today we had a trend as response on those hockey shows yesterday what's the week link here on QM what is our programming problem in querying minds one and all okay his default right is hanked the problem on this radio station is the hank goldberg show where we have a deficiency or is it that morning show is that where the problem lies or maybe it's the program director who just like has had in the door that could be the problem five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile or must pombie hello oh yeah okay um i'd like to talk about both of those shows okay i'm working on the uh more than a management type so be listening carefully with this this is good stuff okay um the morning ship the problem is first of all the ads i mean you got to sit there so i mean so long and then they don't say anything in between the ads i mean you almost get more information through the ads yeah and then uh when it comes to hank first of all you know can't he not eat for four hours because he's always eaten or drinking or doing something and i guess it's because he's in the restaurant yeah but i think the i didn't drink on the air every day i need to sit here drinking my water having lunch but we don't hear you chill in i mean maybe you don't show the mouth open that's true and uh i think you need very syrup pissesly i can i can pack away like uh fourteen salami sandwiches you never even know it and and sometimes it's like you drink in the milkshake or something you hear me i'm lurking at the end i get a really less bit and i i think he knows a lot i don't think he's not fairly from but i think he's been conditioned to this area yeah and uh nobody's getting the stage talk about Danny and Jimmy and this and that and then you have you think the cool to take a one and a four for Marshall bulk yeah and then what's gonna you know and then everybody uh wants to talk about this or see where who's uh who's uh so what is your answer what's your uh analization of this my my thing is these these all these people are conditioned i'll all people at work they're conditioned by the area and i think they're both bringing it down but you know the public like so obviously because uh you know they're still turning in and you guys are getting it and i mean you know it's they're okay but they're sure's how going anywhere they're like flat you know i mean little uh two tenths of a point up two tenths of a point down they're like i said like running in place they're just no spark there's no like taking off and really going somewhere you know which you know when you follow a show with the numbers that i got here uh there's no reason why like 40 or uh you know a 50% of modern drop off of you know on the next hour maybe this is just a shine what the towns like and uh what most of the uh both of the are like in the town too just flat okay areas so i was you don't really have a problem with either show you said they're doing fine i think i think the words you do are moth but i think they both suck and uh i think i think that's area sucks too okay thank you okay look at that the this area must suck because i asked you a very important question area one call on the board these people don't care i mean i know they don't care about much are these phones working or what huh oh frankly won't like this what the hell's going on with this crowd here this morning five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line here's Carl Springs hello yeah they both suck but yeah thanks sucks less because i'm fed to when i like okay okay the fat people come down on a side of hang there you go i'm surprised didn't throw booze name in there who would by the way the pool we left out the New York in San Francisco fact right and realize the marlins are gonna be on the road that long so we guest booze wait a lot of us left out the you know the the uh it's probably 17 or 18 pounds we should just make that like a you know a given well subtract that when it comes back now what is that all about why is that line i don't i don't this phone is bizarre here's a mobile in Miami hello hey Neil yes sir i want to respond to uh the boss the sports shows well you people are slow this morning i'm telling that here's slow come ahead i'm i'm in my car every day and listen to your show as well the two sports shows we're gonna be real far depending they're gonna be real boring yeah and so i i don't listen to them so in other words you would say that need that both not just uh one or the other you wouldn't say the defa was right when he wants to blend hang for the uh problem with the rating down here so that's what he's saying he's going around a building shooting off a mouth which is unusual for him is usually a fancitor but i guess he's starting to feel a pressure a little bit now he wants to uh suggest thank is the problem for the stations a lack of success well i thought of the put a little bit of humor in your in their shows like like you have a dearest right and then maybe maybe they have some more of this one is a pose that's a bit higher to the straff stuff in other words remove the corn and insert some real humor actually earlier sir okay god bless you sir have a great thing so we said too much corn defo is what he said by the way if they were to talk this morning about Pamela Lee uh and her breast reductions that would have been much better than you know about the draft huh now you know you don't want to hear about that but all the guys out there they do want to hear about that they want to hear about Pamela Lee's breast reduction they want to see the pictures they want to sniff it they want to know what it's all about whether you think that she's hot or not and what's upon a time she was for least five or ten minutes here is uh Miami hello I know yes sir I want to go 50% that tune off and on uh often on as soon as you come in you know come on right and tune off immediately uh right up to you and I can't take sports it's boring um I don't like watching it in other words there we should have a third category is it the morning show is it Hank or is it the format it's the format absolutely you guys uh the the the the all sports format the one dimensional narrow casting all sports format could be the problem now Gregory won't like you're in that because it's an ego trip for him you know are the two thirds right he can't uh it's boring absolutely point I will not let the only time on listen to it it's like if the marlins get clobbered really bad right like La Von uh got it well leave on given 85 run on the first two in Israel yeah that was fun let me ask you to take leave on can win three games this year no no exactly okay thank you sir all right and god bless you there's one of our people one of our people one of our screws of kiln here between ten and two who doesn't want listen all this sports stuff maybe that's the problem maybe default is barking up the wrong as you don't know what to say running around the building knocking Hank I mean if I had to come down on one side or the other um I don't know I have to think about it because I do like Hank but I mean and I like I like when Hank is and this guy's got a good point I like here and Hank talk about stuff I don't like when I start with a you know as soon as the first call start coming in with a draft stuff oh my god it's either do you think leave on kiln 30 games this weekend or okay well I will take a one and a four for Marshall fuck you think how about waiting no Saturday and see what they take take two in college in a morning okay yeah what is that? I don't want to hear that you know you're starting to do things that who used to do that what was it anime used to do that I'm trying to think of who used to do that dropping little things in you starting to like just a little tiny degree of losing it I don't know what it is it's been all month long ever since you and remember had that big falling out several years ago during that first talking show today that he walked it and said when's lunch coming and I'll have coffee with Kramer what do you say about the coffee? what do you say about that something like that? yeah something like how he takes take two crams in my short coffee and no sugar in and then he's a big star don't you believe that? no the superstar almost is a big is the salmon there in our promotion department we just turn around and walk out thank god oh and by the way if he if he comes with any more of that fan hit stuff just tell him no just say just say it no the same okay come to go back to the house board okay because that bit is empty right now he'd look good on there get the Hoover optimal man if you're a thing that you've been a seed you're gonna go to the boat if you're not a thing that is the reason you're gonna go to the boat you're gonna go to the boat the way you go to the boat you're gonna go to the boat now The way we grow from this boat. That's what everybody welcome to limbo. Justi, waiting for us and sit down. Up and down. You never obey the laws of the battle that we're reaching my head. Who never wore pants? Please have a seat. So it won't be leaving. The way to grow from this boat. All that kind of things that act as you be. That's what you get into this boat. There you go. So wait in the boat. That's what you find the time. Double locate ancient galaxy. Big story in the paper this morning. Astronomers using the Hubble Space Telescope. A period 13 billion years back in the time. To find the oldest, most distant object. most distant object every detected the galaxy, phishing with new stars. Phishing. Like what you put out to sell to RunaGlass, it's phishing. But of course, that 13 billion year time frame that flies in the face again of the religious who tell us that we've only been here the whole universe only five, six thousand years, whatever it's been. Even like your accountant would tell us, your crazy accountant who screws the government so badly, whatever he does. Here's a facts, by the way. Says the format is definitely the problem. 20 hours of sports is boring. It's like 24 hours of news, boring, boring, boring. And D4 has got a lot of nerve to pin the blame on Hank. It says, at least Hank is a professional. The show in a morning is nothing of big zero. Three talentless sports nerds. I can't stand them 25 explanation points. Oh, this is scary, okay. Well, there you go. You know, D4 you open up Pandora's box. And you never know what you're gonna find crawling inside. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Pretty good, sir. I like to vote on this. Okay. Now I love the first team. I love Spahead. I love Goldilocks. And I love the one of the one of the one of the each of me to Greek, EFO. Now as far as Hank, Hank, he's knowledgeable. I got to give him that. Yeah. But guys, got an attitude. If you don't agree with the guy, he rips you. If he don't like you, he rips you. You don't like something. I like that a lot better than that. But he could get his attitude right. That's why I think he's losing calls. And you, your number one bottle, I love you. Okay. 560, 50560. We already know I'm great. Okay, that's a given. We don't have to end. The fact that you're listening to the show, if you were to call and criticize the show, what only make you look like an asshole, you don't want to do that. If you want to, fine, I don't care, because I get paid one more or the other. But we're talking about the real problems with this radio station, which obviously are not between 10 and 2. Don't forget Chris Moore on the big head of a problem. The one who said he didn't think Neil Rogers would ever be on his radio station, because Gregory just might not put him on there. Christine Amorable not be on this radio station after Saturday, because unless they stick some ESPN stuff, he probably will be. Because the last Panther broadcast will be Saturday, Tampa Bay right here in town. Am I going to that? No, I'm not going. Thank God. Last night was enough punishment. One again there in ice club, beautiful goal there of our parish that second goal at Tiger, late in the game, what a goal. My kids of player, baby. We got three or four guys on that team, real players. Unfortunately, Bill Tory, which is where it is both ties to tight. Because he tells Dave Hyde that the shake up of the team will not include the general manager, because Brian still has the naked pictures of Bill Tory with a goat. I thought it was the other way around, but now we find that the Murray boys got the naked pictures. Here's a crawl spring, fellow. Crawl springs. Going once, going twice, long gone. Probably left on the joint again. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I like the morning team. I think they're good to tickling their all together and argue at amongst themselves. But thanks to Deborah Storys, just an old man. I want they shipped to a foot manager on. They could follow your show and really carry it along. Yeah. And I'll help you on today, by the way, as a matter of fact, I mentioned it. I hope to list all of these good, different managers to look at that kind of Hank when they went up against each other. They went up against each other when was that? When Man's from the IoT and Hank was in the 560. I don't think they were wrong at the same time. Man is doing like six to eight on IoT and Hank was still doing after. Well, yeah, they had that six to seven hour that crossed a ratter member. That's interesting. I have to look back in the recent. Hey, watch the poorly audience up and it went from Man to Joe for Hank. Oh, well, that'll be like a sub plot. OK, thanks, bro. Thanks. Have a great day. OK, so you're wasn't going to do that because I don't want to pit. I'm because I would assume we'll make it sound like I'm agreeing with what D.P. said, which I don't agree. I really don't know. I mean, you look at the numbers and they're really aren't there's not that much to choose from. And maybe, again, the reason being for that is they limited number of sports nerds out there. Holy want to hear the sameness on and on and on and on and over and above beyond that you'll never grow. You can never possibly grow those numbers. And that audience, because most people just don't want to hear the same tired over and over again. Is that a possibility? Yeah, I would think so. But whatever you say. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Yeah, that talks super in the morning. I think there are a bunch of misfits and why do they keep saying about Hank being knowledgeable? Why do they keep saying it? Yeah. Because I would have believed that. He's knowledgeable. Bob Costa is out. Bob Costa is just crap. He's a little poor crap. Yeah. Hey, yeah. What do you think about the pasta's ain't coming to QM? I'm like, he's not coming in. We don't like short little people. We like fat people here. We don't like having a maybe cut out pasta. I think you're on the money today, Neil. OK. Well, lots of my yamans. OK. Have a great day. Yeah. I think you're already smoking it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, any. But that would suck up to the little poor Bob Costa. Man, that he comes on this station today that we all bail out. What a little assucker he is. And anybody that tells me that Bob Costa was a great anything an answer. He is crap. Just a little nerd, a little torpey nerd. You know what they say about those little people, George? Here's a lady in tempered pie and tell her. Hello, Neil. But Rimmerau, he says yes. Yes. I'd like to give my ideas on the format. Go right ahead. I happen to be a radio listener and I enjoy sports. Yeah. I can only tell you about the AM and the late PM. That's when I listen. And I want to say, I enjoy Ed Kaplan at night. And in the morning, I would listen. Listen to those guys except for Rick and Satsby and opposite them. But Hank, I can't take. Who ever said he's knowledgeable. He must have good legament that you won't get him to be speakers. But I have time to listen to him and he's read from early magazines. Yeah. He's commented on this. I can't take that. So the radio goes off. I don't listen to anything after you go off. OK. That's my opinion. Thanks, Rimmerau. Yeah. Kaplan. 560. 560. What's that? Is that his own jingle? Do we have a jingle in there for default? No, little dog. No. You'll be. No. Hank. No. But Kaplan. He's in. Mon, think he's in. Or is he out? I'm not really sure what that means. Because the other jingles are like Dave, Mon. He's out. And then. They're all gone. So I don't want Ed to get nervous. Kaplan. Everybody else on the station had a jingle like that. He's going to be a little bit more relaxed. They're out. OK. So I'll keep renting if I were you. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Before I mentioned about Hank and all like that, I don't know if you mentioned this week. You know that. The dolly. Well, I'm just coming to town, right? Hello, Dolly. Yeah. And Richard Gears, Bobby, from the intro. So he's family. He's going to be in tow. He's going to have the dolly. Lama's toe in his. Right. Well, I don't say it felt like a gerible, but it was only as tow. That's why I was back to mention it. Richard Gears at the vote followed. It's like your attention. He's going to be on the verge of your years coming to town. Yeah. Anyway, I like to be entertained. I would be surprised if Joseph Geribble's makes it come back. That's possible, too. I like to be entertained. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's a problem. I kind of doubt it because it does. You look at their thing on the web webpage. They don't look like they're in too many major cities to collect like somewhere in the Midwest. Well, they're in West Palm. You get down South of 595. You can't pick up KGR. I understand that, but forget about where else they're on. That's not the point for get about what we need to think about is the quality of their show. Which is great. It's excellent. They're dynamite. Okay. And then they do talk a little bit about, you know, in these stuff that's indigenous to Indianapolis, but that's really do their show. But I mean, there's a little bit of sports on it. Show, but plus there's a lot of humor. Yeah, they are on sports. I can't keep up. I won't hear them doing a draft show. They will not be doing an NFL draft show on Bob and Tom. I don't think. Oh, God, no, you know, check McGee will talk about his picks because he's a gamble. But, you know, he doesn't get into it like a cap and all like that. It's just like a little side comment. Anyway, I, I, I, I, I, I, I have a cap. Yeah. Because I would think just tank in the afternoon and find have something different in the morning because how many times can you talk about support? It gets really ponders. It does. Thank you. You can hear them reaching and searching and knowing that, you know, they keep repeating over and over again. Nobody cares about the Marlins and nobody cares about the Panthers. That's for sure. And nobody cares about this. And so if nobody cares, what is there to talk about? Why are we doing this? You know, that's my point. If nobody cares, nobody shows up for like the Marlins games. What's the point? You know, the Matadors are leaving. Everybody is bailing out. Well, what is the point? All the carries are lost now. Unless we do all dolphin talk of the other 20 hours on a station because that's the only sport that these people claim to care about in this town. And what prospect they see at eight year old kid play. But all how well do you get in the 20, 20? We definitely dolphin and draft talk right 20 hours a day. Yeah. So, it's, I honestly, I listen to hack because you're the old station. That's the lineup you listen to. You Rick and Phil. They killed it. They go to it. They totally destroy it. But hack is good. He is not rude. If you're the meeting him in person, he's not a rude person. He's very polite. So, these people would say, is guaranteed. It's probably the one that makes this show good. Is the attitude. Hank without the attitude is like, uh, terminal. Who don't want to hear that? And manage. He doesn't even run his own business. So, he can't be at the station all the time. Yeah. Because he's also got, he lives in a real job. That's right. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Thank you. Reason I'm hesitant here. There's because the nephew just, okay, here's what I'm going to do with this. Okay. Here you go. I'm liking my answer with it. Well, why do you keep doing this? And don't go to a place where there's all sparsis again to make me look bad. Okay. North Miami Beach, they go the other day whether it's not there weren't tricks. The only three white people were the guys making the donuts or Krispy Queen within a 30 block radius. Oh, we're looking at anybody on here. We're always wrong with you. Nobody's showing up. Go wear some white people, okay. We might speak a little English. The QAMV. Yeah. This is the way it goes. See, this is the way this station operates. I say one thing. Sam and then if you, they do something opposite. I don't have to put this on here, but I'll do it to humor them because at least they'll get them out of the building. The QAMVan will be located at the Citroes Gast station from 11 a.m. How's he going to be there at 11 a.m.? He's just walked in handy, be this until whenever. He, we're here in, I mean, he can get there in a few minutes, but they'll be there in a little while. 69, 24, Miramar Parkway and Miramar. They'll have certificates for free gas at Citroes for the first five guards. The first five cars get 10 gallons free. tickets to see the Florida bomb catch against the Tampa Bay Storm Arena football game at the end of the end of the center on Friday night. 3 guest passes to Daniel Highlight. tickets to the US pro water ski in Waterboard Tour at Mil's Pond Park on May 1st and 2nd. 4th radio 5th. 6th. 6th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 11th. 9th. 9th. 9th. 11th. 9th. 5th. 9th. 7th. 9th. 7th. 9th. 1th. 10th. 14th. 9th. 9th. 8th. 9th. I'm not going to. 1th. 9th. 10th. his ass too, okay? He's a good guy that if you even know he's boring. I'm not going to keep going through this. Give something away to somebody might want. I wouldn't drive from here to the other side of the wall in there for the stuff they're given away. Bob Cats and a Reno football. Daniel Highlight if they gave people 50 bucks to gambling, they don't want to go to Daniel Highlight. You know that as well as I do. You're walking to Daniel Highlight, the players are there holding their senses between their legs, looking around like we're is everybody and there's one little poor guy sitting there with his program. You know that is? Japplin. That's it. That's all it is. Doing a show on a year by the way. Those are my favorite shows. Ed Kaplan for the Highlight and from the dog track. And when I have Tom Jick out there to dog track with Ed Kaplan, that's like one more people in the rest of the crowd right there. Those two. I hate to break the news to you. The permutuals, I mean, you can smell the death already, okay? And tickets to the U.S. the pro water ski and water wake board. What is that? How can you give away stuff that nobody even knows what it is? Which if they did know what it is, they still wouldn't want it. But they don't even know what it is. I think I asked him before he left here. I said, I looked at the sheet. I said, what is that? He said, I don't know. Yeah, he don't know. But I'm supposed to promote this to get him a crowd out there and a play in the end of his building, Miramar. Or all the trailer trash are out there in Miramar. Is that all there? There's no normal people in Miramar. No trailer trash out there. You got your mind. Go to a place where there's some white people who aren't living in a trailer park, okay? Under the edge of a hundred, even if they speak of this funny, they don't care. They'll take the feet there all, listen, although it's a bit there. Listen, they love it. In between visiting a Westline looking for the glory. Holds they love this show. So what else did he say by the way, you started to say something about Dr. Mark. He's going to fax me and what else? The level is about to nephew. And by the way, that's the last plug for the nephew on is like I told me for stop a waste in our time with this crap, okay? The free out guarantee they took for free gas should do the guitar. Ready if they didn't take those, then don't blame me. You want some free gas? There you go. All you want. I want just give you a 10 young. Even I'm limited supply. There you go. Call from New York. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm sitting in my apartment right now in New York City. And I want to... Where do you live? What part of the city? 57 Street. Oh, why? Collecting severance looking for a job. Severance from what? I just worked out of my name and they relocated me back up to New York. And then they laid me off. Nice. I'm New York, so nice place to be unemployed. Sure. I'll let cheap living up there now. Yeah. Well, just tell my mom that keeps sending me money. Keep sending her money, ma. Do you want to get my two cents on the poll? Okay. One Goldie still makes me deaf even listening on the internet. Yeah. And... On the internet, it's even a lot of shrill around those little speakers you have on your computer. It's real shrill. It's like nauseating. And Hank's got more chin to the Johnny phone book. Yeah. And just because I'm real deaf for them and I need some kind of excitement. Can you play a man-ditch highlight when it's from a dolphin game? You got it, pal. Thank you. Okay. Manage. Hey, well, any man that you want? Can you imagine that? See, there's no debate about that. Anybody don't like your man? And I know there's some, no matter who it is, there's always some techer head out there. It's going to knock him. Manage is a great broadcaster. He's a panic. Everybody loves manage. In fact, it will mean. I have nothing to do with the way they're one is joint. But if it were me, what's that under by the way? Oh, there it is. I got it. But if there were anybody with a brain in this joint, they would pay. They'd just write a blank check. They just open a blank check and say, of course, here. They're going to do that. And say, to man, it's we want you on that morning show. Okay. And you can decide for yourself, what's one of the three studios on there would have to go? Maybe two or the three. But manage on there, we actually have a number in there with him on because he doesn't really care that much about just the sports stuff. He is an entertainer. He's funny. He doesn't take it seriously. He's got a sense of humor. He's off the wall, which makes him entertaining. He says stuff that even I can't believe he says. That nobody can believe he says. You know what I'm saying? You check that out. Exactly. Straight. He's not just another ex-jack with a thick tongue and a lack of a brain. You're almost saying, I don't know. But we just don't have the money to open up their checkbook. We end up paying those big bucks. Huh? No, that's what it would take because he's got his construction business. He's working on those directions all the time. You don't have time for this nickel in dime. But which he can't get paid by these people on time anyway. Remember that they months ago when he finally got a check with a state order for months and months. And on the check it said, don't deposit this until two weeks from circus. Something like that. Well, I'm just worn out from this thing. And just I'm just worked up into a frenzy from it. Have we learned anything? No. Kill the good two hours though. Well, we'll keep plotting along. We'll find some real answers to those hidden questions. Dave Hides column. I'll get to that by the way. Another piece of crap. I thought you were going to have a good calm today. Dave, we're going to what you're ripping Brian Murray and ask. And then toward the end, he starts like back and off a little bit. He made the burry tray that'll keep him here. Why did you just tell him like it is? Take that gloves off, Dave, or watch it enough. Boach up and be a real man like me. Boach up a little bit. Say that BM's got to go to spokesman's got to go and take his brother with him. All right? The mad dog is out of control. And you'll find out why would you hear the latest release from Blackfuster Entertainment? Jim Mandage sings, do it. Well, how right? I ran around and seen well. He's a rat. Here's the mad dog. He's managed to see classic rock. Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Man, it's done. All right. Hey. Well, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish. I don't like that. He knew this in a hole, huh? But now he said, I like it. I like it. The mad dog just hit his window for that cottage cheese, but if he wants to do the thing, he got plus an American and faced his magician thing up here. I'll do it. You got the spoon! There's a rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! Oh, rat! You mad at the sin's duet! The available now at all blocked us. Those are the great term matters. You'll be here for a hand-gober to the sixth of a afternoon from Shulalestay, too. Don't even talk at baseball after that briefly in the New Marlins and the aftermath. It's a 12-to-a-five-sixty cue. I'm here's a facts. If he tuned in the middle of the show by the way, we're talking to them about a problem that the, well, I don't know if it's a problem and I guess it is. Because the numbers on morning drive on a station are like flat. there's stale or go in the way the ratings and the afternoon is, yeah, I would say a little bit better if you extrapolate to the six. But they're really not going anywhere fast and Defa was walking around this morning shooting off a big mouth around a building that he believed that Hank Goldberg and Efton was the real reason that we've got a problem around this show. In other words, morning driving afternoon drive and that Hank has got no show in no material and quite frankly, terminal and has those long, long gaps of dead ear and that's set of insolent. Here's a fact by the way, which is very timely for my having said that and it's from somebody FIU, so take that for whatever you will. It says, Jeff DeForest, where are the F-U get the timidity to suggest that Hank Goldberg sure is the problem of QAM? Where are the F-U get off? I've listened to you since WI, the in you are talentless and boring, you have no sense of your effort for that cornball stuff which you and two or three other nerds find funny and you'll never change. You have never had an opinion which wasn't so watered down in Wishy-Washi that it's impossible to tell whether you're a pro or whether you're a pro or a con on an issue. About the only thing you've taken a firm stance on are fact so well known and proven that they're irrefutable. Yes Jeff, one in one is two and Hitler was a bad guy. Beyond that you have no real opinion spine or talent you should be taken off the ear, how dare you even suggest that Hank is the problem you piece of SH. I hope they can can your ass and then in term morning show you F-ing asshole you sign Fred at FIU and F-U too. You know what I'm all about that Freddy said I'm from F-IU and F-U and F-U too deep all that was funny what he said. Got a few open lines here on this if you want to sound in on this is they like to say whatever that means. Five six seven one hell's our lunch already by the way get me a nice reader no our lunch just got you I get a good game. What is that okay I can handle it what a psychic moment for me huh just as I said that I heard the intercom ring and George is yours and where's our lunch. He said it's here right now. I've had these psychic vibrations I have to go to the track and what I have to be doing I have to be a day trader. I was thinking that yesterday I got lucky for once in my life I got rid of that caterpillar just at the right time I know I don't care if it goes up to 500 you believe that no but it won't. But I mean I just I don't know about that stuff the being a day trader you can make so much and you can lose your ass to just the idea sitting there on your pew to on the internet. Just the trading buying and selling and losing and plunging and man that sounds like my kind of life here's candle hello. Hello, yes sir. I got a couple of days after the president of the forest man club that's actually there. Yes. Very sports format I mean how many times you talk about whatever it is I mean if they talk from 6 to 10 about the draft then Hank comes on and they talk about the draft. Yeah. And then that's clown comes on and you're thinking I'll take a one and a four for Marshall. I mean it's just it's pathetic I mean you know any quote real real station have a couple hours dedicated to sports and that's enough. That's a way it used to be you know when I was he would have had that six to eight which never a big ratings thing either by the way that was not a good time of the day but that was that was never a real big dealer six to eight PM and it was then it seemed like more than enough to be. I have to have the father the audience that I mean you know if they're talking not that there is hockey talk let's take the did I mean I don't want to hear it again at five o'clock at the hood how many times can you rehash how they'll bore his injury I mean just it's old and as far as. I'm there new jingle should be we give you stuff you don't want. Okay and Hank I will say this about Hank please got some things but I call them a few weeks ago he studies out a problem his mail and this is not even fortunately and they said something to me that. Some guy is delivering the mail but he's not the mail man I try to tell them as a federal statute people can't go in your mailbox. He's like I don't know what the if you don't know what that you're talking about I'm like guy nobody in any condo association is going to have your access to your mailbox other than the mailman. Yeah and he's just going off like he knows you know he he's like a pseudo intellectual sports guy you know something but other that he don't know. Okay thanks for whatever you just said what he said. You say you don't know. Great the salad day from Tony's by the way thanks Brad. Is this from Tony's I hope yes yes thanks a lot Brad good the best we do my grease down I'm getting off the icons. I mean this is not anti-acquence but I'm just not eating so much meat and cheese all the time you know too much god damn meat too much cheese. It just doesn't work for me I'm gonna try something else. I'm gonna keep trying to the that needle moves in a scale too it's just it's like it's frozen. Like it just for frozen is just put it animation of my public to it just they go in and I know exercise I know that fine. I have tried everything besides running 50 miles in about a half an hour and it just didn't happen and they tested the doctor tested my thyroid on here look at that the TSH what is that whatever that is. Normal is 0.45.5 minus a 0.9. How do the my thyroid is not only normal it's especially normal it's spectacular it's sensational. My glucol a hemahomol global but whatever that thing is my blood sugar over an extended period of time within normal range it could be a little bit lower but 6.8 normal is up to 7.2. I find which means I've kept that blood sugar down there at a nice level I'm doing a good job of that. But the wait the wait I'd pay I'd pay 100 grand right now for somebody help me lose weight. I pay 100 grand a grud Gregory reads money. If I ever hear a little dog say grud Gregory again you're Greg oh that was the worst suck job I ever heard in my life. Here's for waterdale hello hello Neil yes yes oh yeah great. A couple of things first I do a lot of day trading number one yeah and it's a making erotic makes you like crazy because I've had news for you like you said you don't care but we know you we all care a little bit after it's 64 now. I'm saying have you ever had a deal at it happened to me yesterday I mean I caught at push the button so the stock and it's 48 when I'm selling it and it's sold at 47 because you know it takes a while to execute right and then it goes to 50 so you just have to learn to live with it. I mean I'm sorry I that thing was down to 39 and for months it was going like 44 and 45 and I kept you in it and all the experts were downgrading it and said to piece of crap and they got all this exposure and Russia and Asia and I'm so tickled to get 60 and 580 make a few bucks. I don't care what it goes all of a sudden it's a god right okay number one and the text are all in toilet of course now. I'm just like if you have the ball to the count in a ball to step in and buy these stocks and you're going to make a lot of money but today they're all getting yes they and today all these. Hammered just horribly but you're just it's a bloodbath. I can listen to the first team a little bit but basically in Howard the first team how much and like you said a thousand times you just can't it's the same stuff recycled over and over and over and I have to say Hank is good. But he's I think straddled or saddle with this sport thing so he has to have a sports show I think. Yeah he's built so but if he had a regular show like like you not your show but it's just the show I'm talking about. I mean you know I mix a little sports in there but I enjoy when Hank is talking about you know bitch and about his landlord and about. But he's other things I'm doing much more when he's talking nonsense. Exactly once the caller start with a draft crack and the same well what what is your take you know they're the gamblers what is your take on his skin. Who cares what his take is on his skin go to GA and get some help you know. They have to in there too. God anyway. Lastly not lastly but I just wanted to know if anyone has that mispart of the show today because I actually do have a little bit of a life. Right but I was watching flipping it around last night in the television too and I was watching basically for all the with Susan McDougall which was great. But that's which to Larry King our favorite deadder. How do you as a person was money huh and you know. I don't know who's that and. Oh no he wasn't sucking his ass was he was looking at on the air can start all of a sudden decided that he was the whole thing was heinous and the stick in the heinous and whatever. But then he defend everything he did on Larry's like so he didn't go softball he threw marshmallows and he was off. Yeah I mean always invite well I learned you well we need roast goes he'll always bring the marshmallows. It's so sad that he does that and I know how to do a talk. Yeah he knows how to suck in okay gotta go pound. I'm going to run your brains out. I was gonna have a good time canterville or 64. Oh my god I said I am upset. It's 11 after noon at 5.60 WQM. Holy makin' on this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. There are ladies I don't know if you remember me because I was the guy you said on my last year. God I miss you even though you brought my car caught on my hair off I miss you girl. But what quick question do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this movie. No one's spending for weeks much. I'm not complaining don't just understand me because I loved you with all my heart but if you happen to see my mother. Please let us know I'm not dead yet. Here is ladies I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He might have looked at talk just like me but that surely surely coincidental. I was so Wednesday at that place I love you too much. Look at anyone else. There are ladies I had a dentist appointment that day and I was so Wednesday the Sharon's metal lid so tell. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good and please all those grandmise ads all that money. You can go to the other side. Well I've got to blow it all out there today maybe. I have to put a few things in this one. It says Ray de Forest is a king asshole. The king's with an F. You. So Jeff de Forest has hang brings down the station sounds like he's jonesing to get hang off the ear. How did that. The king begins with an F. M. Like it when Jeff Rym job was looking big cottage cheese as for one of his jobs. Jeff and those hacks are good at taking shots of other people but they're real talented as wearing that orange vest and saying welcome to Kmart or Walmart. Those guys are effing boring and the force not only has no balls but is a backstabbing. I can't I can't say the way I can give you a hint it's spell like CO. Okay. He can't he can't shine. He can't shine. He shoes but he would probably like to and then brag about it and try to put all the shoe shine as out of business and then it's concludes by saying Jeff de Forest is a human blow job. What a taste. So I don't really jep with his abort behavior on and he did make reference to it this morning. I heard him talking about the fact that he was even in here sucking around with George discussing the program. On the radio station. In other words placing the blame all on hanks big fat shoulders for whatever problems we might have. I mean it's not that the station is doing badly. It's just that we could have bigger numbers in a morning and act it on especially while considering the fact we have no competition on the A.M. band anyway. So is that guy a little bit emotional or what? How do you spell that? Here's a curl gables. Hello. Cool gables. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I like that CK was that from CKLW. Was that from from one? CK. Yes. Okay. As far as your poll question. CKLW. Cool. Yeah. Okay. From a poll question. The worst team. Hello. Okay. That's enough for that. Go ahead. The worst team. Blows. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Five six seven five six the pound five six the unimobile one line. We're trying to get to the bottom to the root of all evil. We did have one person I call the show today that says the only listen between ten and two. Do not listen to the other shows on this station. So I guess that kind of disqualifies them from having an opinion or maybe there's a reason they don't listen to those other shows. They don't want to hear like if it's a one and a four going to get Marshall fall because who gives a fall when you come right down with. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Does anybody with a brain really I mean, Racking their brain about stuff like that. No. I mean, it's of interest to people who are sports nerds or fangs who want to spend a lot of money or somebody else's money to go see his stuff. You know, guys and tight uniforms rolling around on the ground gravity to this crotch. You know stuff like that. Come on. Good. Somebody. Whirl. Come on. Whirl. Didn't he pitch yesterday for the meds. Whirl her Kaiser. Here's a higher. And beat the. Marlins. A high. Hello. Hi. This is Benny. Benny. Talk. Um. Yeah. Right. Uh-huh. Then he took us. Is that what you said sir? With your tired. Still old Julio act. Very, very sad. And we're going to go over there in Westland. Somebody. Disprit enough to touch you somewhere. Like maybe on your back. 5.670560. Pound 5. 60 on the mobile one line. How is that. Facts machine coming. I hear it tap it away back there. Something's happened. Get those damn numbers from that doctor already for quite a lot. Come on, doctor. Marco. Okay. Not. Potsking around over there and stuff. Whatever. Or all stuff you doing. Let's get with it. Here's a mobile and open locker. Hello. Hello. I'm a big huge first team fan. And I. Okay. I think the forest is the funniest guy on the radio. I think he's really witty. I think Joe Rose has got some real cahonies. I'm not just some kind of sham put up. Stick that he does on the radio. I like the weewee. Yeah. It's a great show. I enjoy it. I think I like to talk about your ratings. I think they're bogus. I think they're bogus. For the same reason, the Latin ratings ratings are bogus. I think every guy in town that's a little light no open just automatically puts down the line. No. Is that why you're listening now? Are you liking the low first? Nope. I heard you talking about the first team. How could you hear it unless you listen to the show? Because I leave the radio on. I got in the car and there was. You're talking about. So in other words, so in other words, so in other words, the only thing that only the facts put down that they listen to the show. No. There are plenty of other people that put it down, but when you add the facts to the plenty of other people. I think I don't direct the news to you sir, but the percentage of facts I have in this audience. I've been here for 23 years. You could put him in a phone booth and have room left over for Maria Callis. I've listened to your shows since you were all with John Broward. So I'm not saying that. So what are you talking about? What is that? I'm saying your numbers are inflated. I think they're about like a hand. I'm only asking this. If that's the case, how come the response is that I've had out for years and years? How come they get this unbelievable response? And you're the one that they stay on the show year after year? You think it's because they're all a bunch of their light in the low prison. They just like by the way. I don't know. I'm saying it. And those. Right. You want? You. Got. Like the Latin numbers. All plenty of. Yeah. So. Okay. You're new phone to call me back. So I'm okay. So when you're phone works. I mean, I won't have a listen. I can take all the shots you want. But I mean, the numbers are bogus. Not the numbers in one book. And did it ever dawn on you, sir. Since only like maybe 10% of the population are as light in the low prison. She would suggest, which he didn't want to say, Faggot. The odds of that many of them getting diaries. Month after month. Trend after trend. Book after book is so minuscule. But it's this tremendous luck I've had is what it is. That these numbers are bogus. Sir, there is nobody in this industry who believes that. There's nobody in this business who believes that. That these numbers are bogus. That would be sense that thanks numbers are bogus because all the fact Jews put it down. Or in the morning, all the people would hide squeaky voices put down the worst teams. Because they can relate to y'all. Yeah. I mean, that's what that's all about. See what he doesn't. What he doesn't want to understand is that there are these enormous number of people who listen, who'll never put it down. Like maybe him. All the homophobic religious assholes who are out there listening right now as I speak. Who would be listening 24 hours a day if I were on 24 hours a day. Who would never turn it off. And if listening to me for years, they'll never put it down because they feel like voting for me. So maybe that even did self out. Those people light in the loafers and then of course they're all those doctor trouble makers too. I'm sorry. That's okay. I heard you say that you thought you were being a pain in the ass because you want your report. I don't want to be a pain in the ass because you want your report. I don't want to be a pain in the ass. I've got to be a pain in the ass. And I've got to and I've got to see page two. How come I got page two again? What happened to page one? The first page one didn't have any changes on it. So I figured I'd save your facts paper and not have any. No, I don't want to save the facts paper. I don't want to see the numbers. You just want to know what he didn't have any changes on it. The same the material on page two was exactly the same as it had been before. But it's all on its way back through again. So yeah, I'm making up for the last time. I will read that still high. Those numbers that were high like the bun the B1 is still 25. Well, they're not going to. You've got them the day before or Neil. I got one. You got them all the day before. No, I did not. Okay. Anyway, it's a good time. I was waiting. He's having another one goes to the sir. I'm not having another day today. So he's having another one. I've got some sleep in the past few days. It cost me that. That's staying awake over the weekend. Well, here we go. I got the other page now. Okay. Okay. Let's take a look here. Total protein is down from 9.1 whatever was to 8.6. Which is fine. Right? Yeah. Here we talked about the son of a funny thing. But then we didn't talk about bun. You'll be doing a 16. Down from 12. Oh, we did. Still within the normal range. You know, I understand what you're going to say. But psychologically, don't you understand my good doctor friend. Don't you understand that those of us will become neurotic either because of previous poll doctors or because we're getting old and getting ready to die or whatever the reason might be that we'd like seeing, especially when we've read that taking hydrochlorophyside, which you did not put me on it, which you did get me off and thank you. And the cardism's working great just like I always used to. I don't know if you'd like seeing a better number. Do you want to say? I kind of do. But see, it's sort of like having a philosophical position. You want to see the difference between two normal and I already know that the last one was normal. But 25 is like right on the edge and there's some books by the way, which say that anything above 18 or 20 is not known. And there's some books that say 20. I mean, really it's a matter of the laboratory. But 16 is a nice number. I can live with that. Yeah. It is. And the ratios could we talked about that. There you go. I see. I feel better already. Amazing. So that means you're all a bunch of people here being a groupie. And what about my homo system? I mean, my homo number. We know you're not a specific of that last guy. You're just, you're just the six as I recall. It is. But that's what you told me. I've never had a ticket before. Your homo number. That's what you said. Well, I'm going to talk about. You're so obsessed with sex and so am I. But let's leave that for off here. Okay. Let's talk about the, what we don't have that year, right? No. It is. That's why we could. How do you like Hank's doctor talking that because his blood sugar reading his blood test was normal. He's no longer diabetic. Well, I think it's kind of kind of an irresponsible thing to do. Right. Because, you know, when you like what you've done here, you've corrected your, your, your, Your long-term sugar problem, but you know that as soon as you go off a diet, you're going to pop right back. Of course. If I had one of those disadvantaged bars right now, my blood sugar would go scar rockity. You don't ever let any of your patients eat those by the way. Which one of those? The acnes that value. I call them disband. The story. Yes. The acnes. And even though it says two grams, I had two of them here two days ago. My blood sugar when I went home was 200. And you know that from carbohydrates. Most likely. Absolutely. Well, these look pretty good, by the way. I don't see anything other than the aculustral. We've got to get that down. But again, the ACT could have had something to do with that. And it'll all take about eight weeks to fix. Great. You can check it whenever you want, but I'm just telling you in order to make the value. And it's, and it's protein. No inflammation. The ac reactive or five, which is a normal range. So, in other words, Dr. How do I feel? Great. I'm doing I feel a little great. I feel like you've redeemed my life. I think, well, I also, when I heard you say you didn't want to be a pain in my S today, I go out to myself, well, that just comes with the territory. I mean, I know that when I do your work, I'm going to be here in front of you over and over and over again. I'd like that publicity. Well, I think it's worthwhile. What kind of second? Well, I told you the other day. I mean, when I was, I was on absolute full tilt. Get out of my way. I'm running the place by myself. Well, where do you're looking for as crazy? Yeah, all right. Yeah, I was being crazy. Yeah, that's all right. I'm like that every day. Okay. Thanks, Mark. Right, I've got you. Okay. Good news from Dr. Mar. I'll just go out of the way. Don't get too much eventually, too. And everybody else. Oh, I feel, see, I'll get to that. Wouldn't you feel better if you're the number of something that could be bad? Is the 16 instead of 25, 25 being on the edge of a upper edge? I think said the co-op is morning. Got him on his wild, the tie-rated against everybody else in the building, especially Hank. Because you know, he's got this on again, off again, mirrored. See, he's got the longest ongoing, either divorce or lack of divorce. Anybody I've ever known, you know? And it's a fiery rocky marriage, you know? And when Joe Rose this morning was overheard when D4 was asking him what he ought to do and Joe said, I dubbed the bitch right now. And I think that's what said him over the edge. Don't you? I think that's what did it. Well, speaking of people who are something about that, here's your comment. Hello, yes, sir. I just wanted to compliment the classy organization over at city link on the quality of their editorializing and writing skills. I mean, they are right on the money and just about everything they put in their newspaper. Yeah. You know, what a suck-up job that was. I just, you know, I hate to break the news, you know? I mean, like I'm on a same page with Michael Mayo in there, so I don't take it with that. I would tend to grade the salt. And also, you're on the same page with 75 other pizza joints in there. Like I said, yesterday we would have been nice if they would honor you and give you the accolades you deserve. But instead, every 10 blocks in Browden, Palm Beach, they've got a different pizza place depending on what he live on. The East side of the road, the West side of the road. So it was nice you were in there and you deserved it. But you know, only at the loft, they drive from all over town. Right. They take the other people. Right. The consideration. But I would definitely say that when it comes to pizza place, right behind Pirwit imports, on University Drive and Davy, there's nobody holds a candle to the pizza law. Well, you know, that's very nice to be to say. North of Griffin Road in just south of 595. Right. On the East side of the road, only Kitty Corner or Savies buffet. Which isn't there. Which is not a spot. There. What's up? Ladies and gentlemen. Well, it's gone. Yep. They all died. Oh, it's now a pickability cafeteria. Oh, hey, they have pickability. Have the people are going nuts when they show up for the all you could eat and they don't have that anymore. It's like a regular good. They should their animals anyway. Let them lose their soul. Right. Anyway, I wanted to say hello and thank you for that. Now, you're another guy that can this asshole that calls to calls to go with down a really care what the who's been listening to me since John Browden was on, which is a hundred years ago in INZ. And I'm going to say, remember those horrible days at the nighttime show and it give me a song that's about the ratings on a show are bogus because I got all these people who are light in the loafers to use as expression, write it down. Okay. So all those people are coming to your restaurant. How many what percentage of the people are coming from the show would you say are light and low? You get a few. 100%. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. It's all out of winter. You get mostly married young people, married young people with families. Yeah. I don't want to pull words to your mouth. That's your client out. Man, we advertise on Nickelodeon for the kids. Right. It's families. No, unless they're a bunch of pedophiles, they just kidnap those kids. I would assume that they're, you know, who is something? I don't think that that's on the money. No. Right. Hey, did you know that you could register at the loft to, you know, the people, the people delivery guy at the game and all the Bobcat home football games. No, I didn't know that. And you know something. I probably would have survived without knowing it, but I'm delighted to hear about it. I just thought you might want to know. Somebody wants those tickets. Okay. I don't know if you'll have a great, uh, we life. Okay. I'm the watch yourself because a lot of stuff going around. Okay. Okay. And whatever it is, he's getting it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I feel. I'm telling you seriously. I mean, can't we discuss that for a minute or so? I think most people, why is my doctor is a good guy, but he's such a hard ass, you know? People want to see better results. The reason they had their blood test, they can realize that these things vary a little bit, but for quite an hour, when the normal, like on the bun, which is your kidneys for Christ, say, when normal is like 6 to 25, and you had a reading you for a 25, which I did, that's right on the edge. And you've had a little something about backpins and you're starting to go, uh, because you were taking that other drug. And now you're we taking it in a 16 point. Oh, say yeah. Now I feel better. And I'm off that crap that the other doctor was peddling me. Why if that's so hard to understand. And the same with the white blood count, instead of 9.7, that's a point 7, which is well, the normal range, but you don't want to be walking them out with a high blood white blood count, because it means like you're fighting some minor things, which is probably what I had for like 3 months, like a very minor viral infection, some kind, which will never know what it was, and who cares, because now I'm feeling great because I see the blood test result. And thank you, Dr. Mark. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a reading for the waterdale. Hello. Yes, man. I was calling you in the gut here at whole. Yes. I hang on. Okay. I want to get that feedback out of there. Is that better? Hello. It's better, you're home. It's better? A little better. Okay. I'll try to speak up. No, it's not you, it's our phone system. It's a piece of crap. Well, yeah, you said that again. I can't please the crap. I listened basically. I'll put up with static to try to listen to Bob and Tom over the watersteam. Right. That's exactly the demographic. That's pretty obvious. You have a listen to a maid. Oh, if they're trying to attract women, they've got the whole of their different side. Was that Bob and Tom? No. Are you in the watersteam? Oh. If they're trying any show on the station, if they think they didn't get a woman's audience, except for this one. And by the way for this, Jack asked the calls, maybe, for about the light and the loophores crowd out there. We don't have a giant women listening audience. But if you look at the women, this is the only station I'll show on this station. That has an appreciable number of women listening. Exactly. The other shows old points in women. For some women out there, unless they're a jox nippers or patrini, it pigs with their noses up against the glass at the macarina. How many of you want to hear about who's going to draft this one all day, 20 hours a day? Exactly. But coming to nothing to Hank. Yes. I wanted to mention to you because you've mentioned me other day about the chief fight with your last breath, the building of any new stadiums in this tent. Yes. Absolutely correct. I've heard him brag about how he took down smiling and the mayor down town. My amy to show them exactly where the new stadium should be and how all this work he's done to try to make sure that they get to build here. And it should, and he deserves to be to have a stadium name the Goldberg stadium. Well, I think that's a joke. For most of them. Yes. You know, that's a joke. And then he had people call him and say if there's a new downtown state, and you stay him and downtown Miami, that people in Brownwood and going to see you. Well, keep in mind, Hank is the last Jew living in Dave County. Keep in mind. Well, that's true. I think he's very supportive. The man is also a push-in or thing as much as I love managed. I mean, he's got to be doing the drugs or something to be said. He should be a little state even in Miami. Right by that new American Airlines are going to three blocks away from the old crappy random nobody wants to go to. I understand that. And again, what I got to know is for you both managed and the hot program have to step over my dead body before any tax money is going to be spent to build a guy there in New State and from baseball team that nobody goes to that nobody cares about. And they talked about how it. Nobody got the money. Box on the broadcast by the way. You want to buy some spots? I can't buy a stick of gum right now. Okay. Thanks anyway. Have a great day. You too. Thanks. She don't want to buy no spots on the morning games. No. How about if the morning games were on? Oh, sorry. And that's the issue. 560505. Better there than us. Let them pay the damn thing. Okay. All those abroad cash rights 3.7 million year. Oh, God. Please buy some spots on the morning. Please buy some. I want to bang in the butt honey. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Recipro Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun. They scared their shit out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handgun. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for beer. All the convenience. Take chips and pretzels wire at it. It's all free. You've got to handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex props. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days, who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. If he considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make it. No, 45 or 60, I'm sorry to that call. I mean, not that I really care what he says, but it was just so bizarre that it got who's been listening that long. And isn't so much to know. Oh, not that I'm, you know, he's not lighting the loafers, but. So he's stopping thinking about one thing when he penalized that when we do our set of one fundraiser. All is the one borders store where they were taking merchandise from to put an all the other stores when they were running short coconut grove. Now, if you take the shparks as on one side of the rail tracks or a railroad tracks, who are the majority of the people that live in the grove. Gay people, okay, for years overwhelming. Where is the other large pocket in Dave County, for example, okay, is beside the old Savannah south beach. Now, when's the last time we had a call? How many calls a year do we get from either coconut grove or south beach? You can count them on the fingers of one hand, right? Few if any. That's not where our audience is sir. And I just, I just take umbreed with a notion that because, I mean, this isn't San Francisco. I can understand what you're saying. If I were near San Francisco, oh, yeah, let's put down where listen to the fact, you know, 20 hours that I can understand that. But in this market, it may come as a great chunk to use here. It's a liability, not a benefit. Trust me when I tell you or not as the case may be whatever you like and have a nice day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and like the Julio's for example. How many of them won't even speak unless they call to say, medical medical and that should be proof in the putting right there. Because there's an enormous number of them listening religiously if you've part in that expression daily of the show. We know that for a fact. But they are, how are they all even going to get those diaries for the very same point that he made that Mama Sheet, it grabs the mail when it comes and they roll it to be a R. I see whatever they're writing down because they're voting there. They're doing there. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Intecastual, well, good deed for the day. They wouldn't write you down anyway. And that's my point. That's exactly my point. So I'm glad we got another rating's expert on there. He could be a consultant. He could be the next water table. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. On the meal? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Mary Guy, young Mary Guy, what a family. Yeah. You're not lighting the loafers now, are you? No, no, no, no. The first team makes up the having Tom Rock and the former tank goes having to sit there and listen to him eat on the ear. The only thing I could think that would be worse than that would be having to sit there and watch him at the same time. Yeah. I'm out of material. Okay. Thank you. Sweet likes. Thank you. We just want to hear me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the mobile one line. Maybe the fact that I made daint to your eaters and somebody's guys. Oh, here's the guy that was at the hockey game last night. Who's his mother? I know that was your mother. And I told Joe Costello this morning I said, Corey, was it the game with his mother last night? I saw him down in the first or while by the glass in the first period. He said, oh, how do you know is his mother? What? No, no, he said to me, he said, how do you know, as I said, well, she was like, well, older than he was by a long shot. And he said, well, you know, he might have had a bad day. How would I know who you're dating? I don't know. He said, no, I'm not in Corey. You might have been his date. You're dating 45 year old women? No, I don't know. Huh? Not at the moment. Not at the moment. But he would. She, you were far away, but she was very, she looked very nice. I'll have to be birthday, mom. Okay. And how come you left that to the first period? Yeah. The glass, she was too close to the glass. She was a jail nervous, so she wanted to go back to the next one. So you can actually see something. I mean, it's pretty distant to sit down by the glass, but you can't see it then. They're absolutely right. Not to the whole of the side. Of course, definitely went up to the box and he actually saw the game. You said, what are we doing here? I mean, that was just that was. That was the point we gave the tickets to someone that was in the sweet. Good for you. Okay. So unlike what Joe Costello was starting to smoke. See everybody in the building, they must be going around starting trouble. Okay. Think on, I don't pull that crap. Everybody's looking to make a little trouble. That's good. It's nice to be a misdivisualer once in a while. Stir the pot and smoke it. Corey was there to hockey game with his mother last night because it was his birthday. Which I think is a nice thing for any Jewish boy to take mother of the hockey game for a birthday. And Joe Costello's in your aunt when it's probably so much. She was dating, you know, he date the date 70 year old women. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I got a brand new expedition and he's got then gravel truck driving on the turnpike. All they can do is chip my brand new paint. Okay. What's that? What's that? Anyway, listen. I hate that. That sucks. I'm eating on the ear again. I'm sorry. Now make my sounds. You eat on the air. Nobody can play. Full fat hank. I can eat. I can't eat. I do that purposely. I make all kinds of go. I don't know what I'm eating. That doesn't bother them. I think what a lot of people don't understand is this show isn't one dimensional. It's entertaining. They have a good time. They get a few laughs. They get pissed off. It reaches a broad range of people who aren't just interested in whether the kid that they're going to draft on Saturday is got a large penis or not. Yeah. I think we will be talking about that tomorrow. On your station, the only people I really care for are you and manage. I think the thing you get is I'm in common is that you guys shoot from the head. Yeah. I just tell it like it is. It'll help you hear it to a clock. He's going to tell you about his crush for Tommy Brady day or two. That's about it. And it's closing. You're living the growth. I live in Copenhagen. I don't know anybody there who listen to this show. I don't know. I don't know. But I don't think there are that many facts there. What? What? What do they almost bounce? They don't feel around. But you don't look like on Murray Street. On there. How about Virginia Street? Most of the guys who are live on Murray Street are named Murray. And most of the guys who live on Virginia Street are named Virginia. All right. You big facts. Okay. See what I mean? 560. 560. Yeah. There's no facts in the grove. There's no facts in South Beach. There's no facts anywhere. We just made it up. Who would do anything disgusting like that? Well, that was bad when I was just saying that. Do you notice that? My timing was not good there. I'm not going to say anything. Okay. He's a good guy. But I'm not going to start that time. He's tough. I mean, it's enough that we already started with poor Corey. His mother was her birthday. Which I thought that was a sweet thing for him to do. He's a good guy. And now you want to start up with poor Tommy during the morning. Who's also? I've tell you one thing. You know, some of the people are working this radio station don't realize they've had a good bunch of people that work here. Most of them are for peanuts for nothing. There's a good bunch of guys here. I don't want to start much of names. I'll leave somebody out. But all these sports nerd guys. They work their asses off and they get bitched out and chewed out and treated like crap and underpaid. We got some good people in here. Okay. Now maybe if we can get Tommy some, you know, some new sneakers. Maybe from the new balance. So we can run fast. Well, here's South Miami. Hello. New. Yes sir. Hey, what's going on? Hey, Vincent. We got a whole bunch of stuff going on in this place. I'm wasn't almost a... I was away at 14. I go between him and at Benman Howard and in Casanovo. Right. Are you also listening to Paul Casanovo here the way? I had a chat to know with the music sector. They played like they started to play like far stuff like the coast and well the far. The thing about Hank talking about the building Mr. The had was his idea and he got these two people together and mentioned that. These were the guys that they don't come down and they're going to renovate downtown. And I think I call him but I wouldn't. You know, we're talking about they've got to have a chance to be arena. They're not going to understand this isn't Cleveland. It's not Baltimore. It isn't going to happen in addition to which it wouldn't make any difference. What they built downtown, the fact is the reason most people moved out of the county is they don't want to go downtown. I mean no matter what they're not going to go. They're not going to go. They need to get in the museum. They're going to be a post to have an app. They're not going out there and there's a man. They want to be able to go to a bar. And there's a man ball. I don't want to. I want to. These are these sound little crazy. Um, that's right. Christina. Go on. Go on. Okay. Of course everybody knows that Christina would be gone. Not a major bulletin. You know, we'll home talking about Christina. More on. Yeah. She's gone. Last game, Saturday night, Christina Moron will. We'll, uh, disgrace once again. Just this amazing. This guy must have like a whole house full. He must have a drawer full. He must have a closet full of naked pictures. Six years he stuck around here with his droating non-inscriptive inadequate unaccountable style. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. And the mobile one line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey. I agree totally. You know, here's the bad dog in the. You're angry with what we've had. Well, a lot of dog. I've got this. I wasn't. I just didn't clean this. This is Detroit. This is a bottom. You mean downtown. People, you know, are not going to go there. No, no, no. I don't know. I don't care if you know they are. We're giving away free. I can't say that. But anyway. Six. Right. Three. Four. Those guys. I mean, this is terminal. Yeah. And then, you know, thanks. Is an angry Jew guy. You know, and I've been around the angry Jews all my life. Yeah. The hell is that? You know, I worked the bow on. We're all my life. Oh boy. You know. Oh, it's not the heart of the house. You know. And the rascal house. And the rascal house. But that's the thing I wanted to. I want to pick a bow with you. I want to. It's like, I know you're, you know, like the straps. Crap. It's, I know it's this terminal. But you, but you've been taking out automobile. I don't do that. He's got to show us a little bit to really for me a Saturday morning. But drag racing is really cool. You know, you got it. I'm not in drag myself. You got it. I know. You're a straight. I'm going to lighten the law for his better mind. Good drag. I'm going to let him out. I just went to a gaysville. The gaternassels about month ago. The one? The gaternassels. Yeah. Gaternassels. And gaysville. Yeah. You've never been there. It is a cob stone. I spent about four nights there. And man, I tell you. I think I'd love to hot college students. They're in Gaysville. It seems to me when you got a big idea. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. I'm going to let him out. But drag racing. You got to see it to believe it. Because I mean, these cars, I mean, they go from zero to 320 miles an hour. It's been half seconds. And the noise. It's almost. I just poke along 65. Yeah. I heard that earlier. Well, the speed limit. That's a turn by 65 anyway. Yeah. What do you get into? I didn't want to admit. It was the fact. I mean, maybe he didn't see me because I was there with that. There was an FHP poker pull over the side of the road. Not with anybody else is sitting there. And so naturally, everybody becomes paralyzed. I also don't. And I had no choice. I mean, you can't get around all three lanes. So I'm just going with the flow, which until I got by and I zoomed around him. I mean, you can go 6768. They're not going to bother. I go 75 on their minimum. Really? Yes. I'm just here. Why not? It's people have 65. They should give you 10 miles. Exactly. I just made the trip up the gate is one of the turn by. What a nice ride. It's four and a half hours. You know, the speed limit would be a 70. I think I'm going up to this weekend. That's smart. You got to go. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Bye. I'm going to go up the gates. They'll give me some. Something. 1257 at five 60 WQM. Of course, you know, there's a lot of people lighten the loafers up. They're any university campuses. Lots of those guys. Well, that guy can have them. I'm going to go up for my mental health more much over the night. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. How I love to lift a cliff and that is why I become a singing. Let's be a nun. It's their very capital. Redwoods so in front with what I done. I gave the action with her son. Can you see? For their families, that's just some went to number one. Very good. I was on nun. Found a way to make some passion. Hope the royal fees will left because we fired nuns. Don't get none. I never made it that because I did and look back great. So I got the young new habits who in drugs and getting way. Had my one and only hit them then the bad. It can got to the post that there's my big. Now that I'm dead, I can't reveal how much I wanted Sally to go with him. My we know. Okay, it's one or two at five, 60 WQ. I'm not forget we got Jim Mettett. All right. We're hanged from two to six this afternoon. Thanks take them to the office. He's really pissed and default. I don't know why. No, I don't know why he's taking them to the hall. Anyway, here. Do you? He's not doing here. He anxious. I want to those schedules. Yeah. Well, he said he was doing some for ESPN and they was going up to a little. He's going to be way for a little week for a week. That's that. I'm so on. He's got a rough schedule and more power to him. Here's a fact that says I can't agree more with the guy from FIU. Jeff de Forest. Effing sucks. He's the most unlicitable person on the radio in Miami or beyond. The way he has to say in a hundred words what he could have said in five. With those ethings to put ass analogies of his as in. Back to him. Right. He makes no comments that any idiot does not already know. He knows only what he's right in the harrow. He's the biggest ass sucker ever born. Doesn't the GM of that station listen to his own effing station? No. Default blows and certainly Carlos with the name for the last name. See, I respect it more when they sign it. I think it's a lot more credible like that. Heck, well, I see it's signed like with the real name. I see another guy probably has a point because he signed his name. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey Mr. Rogers. Hey. When does he have? I just got back in town and I might say you're a blessing fresh air. My wish friend. Yes. But George was a little abrupt. Last time I was at town using the midst of one of those 80s flashback shows. It was awesome. So I wanted to thank him. He was rather abrupt on the off. Because he's eating lunch right now. He can't be bothered. I can't be bothered. Listen, that guy was wrong about the growth. Lot of fags in the grove. I don't know if there are this guy. He's in the nod. You're a very slow. Well, see's having a good time. I think there's a friendly thing. I know that. We don't get any calls from well manners. We get no calls from the grove except that guy. We get no calls from the South Beach. And anybody who thinks that this show is loaded with a fat audience is never met the audience. And you know what's funny? I deliver all over South Florida. I go to high Leo a lot. Right. And I deliver met a scene. And every time I go to these houses, they never speak English. But 5. 5. 6. 5. I say, 1 out of every five houses. I'll indicate their meeting. And yes. But you know, listen in that. You don't make like, I mean, when you eat, you know, you're not a bad one. You got to get a little more on the top of your. Yeah, fine. My doctor is going to take that off. He's a great amount of getting to much action. I'm not. According to that, you're not so bad to look at. And when you think of you eating, you don't have a bad picture. When you think of a hack eating. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good thing. And you just. Yeah. Yeah. Excellent point. God bless you, my friend. I love you, man. See you. Okay. Never thought about that, too. It's a different, a horse of a different color, you know? I mean, my eating. I'm a little more dainty in the way I, you know? But Hank is, you just shovels it down. Which is fine. But it's not something we want. Listen to one here in the middle of the afternoon. We don't want to hear Hank eating. Filling his face on the ear. Because first of all, it's not good for him. He's not a diabetic anymore. Does anybody believe that? No. You know, my doctor was real diplomatic. He said it. I think it's a little irresponsibility. It was possible. If his doctor, if Hank's doctor really did say that to him, that he's not diabetic anymore. Because one blood test, his blood sugar was okay. Then his doctor ought to be taken out in the backyard right here. And put out of his misery. Okay. Before he dispenses anymore bull crap. And like I said, we're going to be hearing from Princess Diana a little later. She's just announced he's not dead. Five, any more five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, eight, five, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. See, I think I could be wrong. But I think Hank is a little bit uptight about that stuff. I'm trying to loosen him up on that. Okay. Even the fat thing, he's a little bit sensitive about that. I've gotten the boy from that. But the diabetes thing, for quite some time after he was diagnosed with diabetes, which is several months ago, he never talked about it. Which is his, you know, his business. But I think he's a little bit uptight about that. Like somehow if you admit your diabetic, it's bad for your image. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm biobed. I'm not happy about it because it's bad for my diet is what it's bad for. Because now I can't eat all the things that I love. Like my pasta, pasta, pasta. But of course, my image, how much can more can you hurt it? That's a good point. Here's a Del Rey B. Chelo. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Rogers. Yes, I am. I just want to, are you in the mood to be chasing? Chasing to by one. The way it pronounced sabago, it should be sabago. Yeah. And when you do sabago shoes, you're correct. Well, you know, the sales hole is never told me that. And since I've never had a pair of sabago or sabago shoes, how would I know, you know, but I'm very, I'm always willing to listen to reason. That's a part, and that's a name. Right. And it's sabago. Thank you. Like tomato or tomato tomato. Tomato tomato. I see tomato. Yeah, and a start of a keo. Okay. You got it. I love you. See you. Sevego. Sure, Bob, I get upset about that. I make mistakes all the time. I'd be pronounced in subbed all the time. And of course, when you got sales people, I don't, you know, service their accounts like John Pena's. And doesn't tell me anything. Just puts a bunch of words on a piece of paper. Some of which is real old and stale, by the way. Just like John Pena's is act. So anyway, you were wrong, Joe, or Custella. I can't believe that you would say all those things about the Korean. And don't try to, may blame me. See, it's easy to blame me. Korean, I have a wonderful close relationship now. Then I'm working on feverishly. He's a good guy. No, seriously. He's going to be a little bit, what's wrong with that? You're saying, what does that mean? Now, one thing you do know after all these years, the last thing, I mean, the last person in the world, being as paranoid as I am about, you know, the last person that would put a move on anybody where I work for obvious reasons, okay? For obvious reasons. I mean, glaringly obvious reasons. So if you think that I want to get into the Korean's panter, something, well, what a, what a gross testing that is to say. And like Jokka Stelos says, Jordan, that he's a good looking guy, but he's got a ball spot. Well, when you look at Korea for the front, you know, he is ball spot, ball spot. And you're the one that said it was probably his date. It was his mother. Could not have been his date, okay? He doesn't date ladies that of that age. And his mother's in his her 50s. But she looks good though. But then again, she's Jewish. Well, taking care of. That's why we have all these Jewish women that live to be 95 down here, because, you know, their husbands are all pushing up Daisy. And the women after they've nagged them all their lives, the women are still doing great. Freedom and fages. We're not that good to do with our two-way, yeah. We're that bag of fat, all the kids. We're not what they had before. These are my kind of guys. What the hell are they doing anyway? We're from that we sound like dying, really, Jane. Our Lord, we're a sport. God's voice will heal high. Whee! Whee! Well, listen to this sport. A man live voice won't get high attention. But we'll really get accepted to this yard. Let's win the high voice will get the other reaction. Well, I hate the person who went on to weigh in. But then drag it back on again. I'm going to miss here at straight men with voice this high. Whee! Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I'm going to press all the macho friends. Check out this for a time to build a pair of the size. Yeah, very nice of a macho sport. You guys just voice the past some cracks. They were 12 years old. And I can't go like that. Yes, they're a group close to the radio. And there's voices out of there. Really makes my voice speak of it. And that girl, man. He's smarter than my infrared. Yeah. 14 to 5.50 WCM. Anyway, I was just found out some devastating news. I mean, some news that I may never recover from. Come to find out. The inside word is the Corey Sivan. Is a hairy Jew. Harry. They make razors for that. I'm sorry. I know something that's an even bigger turn off than Harry to me is guys who shave their bodies because let me just tell you that going back to that list. We were compiling a couple weeks ago. Straight guys don't shave the hair off their bodies. Okay. So if there's any straight guys listening to me right now, one or two. Don't be shaving the hair off your body because that makes you gay. Okay. Beyond a shadow about that makes you win away screaming. Fang. Now you tell me that Joe Costello was sitting in there. Shaves the hair off his Italian body. His balls are bald as he shaved the hair off his balls. How would you make you feel? We did a show. We did three shows on body hair. You did a show on balls. Well, I'm not going to give you balls. Yeah. And Joe Costello shaved his balls. With what? Not with the razor I hope. With the razor. With the razor. Shaves him clean. You shaved your balls with the razor. Are you crazy? Oh, my god. So when you're getting back to that, you know, speaking of this, you know, it's interesting. If you notice one thing about those three guys. Anytime that one of their sports, the reds calls and takes a shot at me. Almost every time. It's always, oh, that's a fag hockey show. That's a, well, whatever. The word fag is always included. I'd like to go to college just yesterday about, well, the rumor is that we're going to have the aridges to the game. But he's not of the right persuasion to do the panther again. Something like that. There's always this homophobia that comes along with it. And you know what? The thing is, you know, it's a little bit of a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a mess. It's a mess. There's always this homophobia that comes along with it. And you know what to respond? Always is every time and 15 months have been on this station. Always. It's like Simon and Garf Uncle would say the sounds of silence. Now, somebody called, if I were black and somebody called a morning show on a station it said, well, you know, that nigger that sounded midday. Yeah. I mean, obviously they would like to go ballistic and they would hang up and start to, you know, ripping a guy and ask. But because they feel that it makes them more joc worthy. You know what I'm saying? More partly, jocs in the facade there. Oh, yeah. Well, we're not going to say anything, but we know what you mean. He's a fag. I got news for. We got plenty of fags around this building, okay? Plenty of fags. I'm not going to mention eight names today. But five, six, seven, five, six. No seriously. If you ever noticed that every time one of these sports nerds calls that morning show and of course they can't do anything else to knock the show because obviously it's so far superior to that show and ratings are so far way in a buck, even with the fags that are boosting their goosing up my numbers. So they just sit back and pretend all three of them got locked up. Even that knock-need big-headed goofball from the West Coast, even a little dog. Like, like they just swallowed something and wouldn't be surprised if they all three of them did. Like a clam or something. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello? Yes sir. Neil, how are you doing? Right. I'm calling the find out why it is that you don't have my cousin, Miriam, cut your hair anymore. Miriam, we'll found a life. Miriam got Miriam as you should know if that's your cousin. Yeah, and she has a beautiful baby girl. And she's got a life now. And in addition to which I don't want to mess up our new studio, I actually have a great barber now that cuts my hair. But we do love Miriam. Just because she got married and has a kid doesn't mean she can't cut your hair. And when I was George, don't want her around anymore. Now that you see her, I did. She didn't return my last call or two, I can't remember. But I don't want her cut my hair in here. I have a great barber. Oh, no kid. Yeah. I just called the find out. Give her a big kiss for us, we'll be. I'll do that. Okay. She speaks very highly of you. And she should. Okay. See ya. I love Miriam. Haven't heard from her in a dog's age. She won't know what we'd say. Were you getting a little of that on the show? Yeah. I got a year ago. You know, I was probably passing by on these things because his wife might be listening. She's in the football lot of the message for her. So Miriam and hey, we're over here. We're in our new studio. Did you leave a message for her? I'm really excited. Five six seven. Five six eight pound five sixty. There's all the ATT. So you want to think about George's wife. She is a sweetheart. She's a wonderful person. One of the nicest and very nice you. Where we go? She does all that. Good. Here's and probably participate. Here's Orlando. Hello. Yes, sir. This probably going to be one of your. Better phone calls. If I could change subject real quick. All right, I hit you. This is anything you want. That's what this show is all about. The audience does not understand that. Maybe someday before I quote, they'll get them as it. This is whatever you want as long as I like it. I heard that. And if not. Okay. I just went through a nasty divorce with my wife. Those are the nasty ones with your wife. Uh-huh. Well, we want the court. No, there's to get custody of the kids. Yeah. I'm an atheist. You know, I don't believe in any of that. You know, that's pretty cool. Yeah. And, um, you know, everything was going good. I was getting ready to get my kids and she got up on the stand. And she told the judge, he is teaching our children not to believe in Jesus. That there is no God. Oh, there is no, you know, after all that's fake. No, you know, and I said no purgatory. And that, you know, I was all right. I was trying to explain to them. I'm just being honest with them because when they get older and find out for themselves, they're going to be for wine. Right. That's right. And the judge heard about this that I was trying to teach in this. And she now has custody of my kids because of that. Oh, my God. And, uh, I thought this was going to be good calls. Be pressing. It is depressing, you know, but it just goes to show you where this, uh, well, don't forget where you are. You're in Orlando, right? Yeah. Oh, I'll hit down about 500 people. Right. Just a little on the outskirts Orlando, but I don't know. I've just, I throw my hand up in the air. I'm fed up with everything. I don't blame him. I think it's, uh, time. It's okay. I'd love to. All right. Don't do it. Okay. Or if you want to. So by the way, everybody now Jason's in a given inspired poor teaching coordinator. He said he looked like a walking ape. He's so hairy. Which I think is getting a little curated away. Five, six, seven, five, six. So we got your cost. Oh, sheave's his balls. Corey is, uh, is hairy. And he's trying to get not only be trying to get me to do the same thing, but, uh, she will. Sheave. Sheave your balls. He says we're nuts. If we don't shave, maybe Joel will do it for him. Since he's the expert. Believe me, I know how these guys work. Trust me. I'm an old troll. I know how, you know, how you get these things started. Oh, here. Let me just see if I can, uh, trim those for you. A little bit. Yeah. Uh-huh. Next thing, you know. Somebody's having lunch. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the heat. Heat the AD wireless line. Joel wants to go on record is saying that intern's shandon likes it. Sheave also. And how about his balls? Here's a mobile. A mobile thing. Hollywood, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You call that collar back in the Orlando. You know, he'll come over and jump off that 17-seat. God, wait, break up running over here. Yeah. Okay. Go get some material. Paul, call us back in about 10 years when you find some. Go give the bridge that her big kiss on his post. I hear he's got one. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the AT&T wireless line. Remember that song about Joel Costello? He's an old smoothie. Here's having. Here's having. Hello. Hey, Neil. We got some kinky backters in this place. Uh-huh. Thanks for you know you're having lunch. I love to do it, darling. I got three things to tell you. Okay. And I'll give you the same socks. Uh-huh. Second. Don't you have a homophobic assholes? I want to be surprised about three of them in the closet. Yeah, I met Difo and Vegas like a few years ago. Yeah. The biggest prick in the world. The second thing is having looked. When I listen to a sports show, I really don't care what the guy's eating manners are. Hank is a guy that gives you the stuff straight. No, no. I've said he was not authoritative or something like that. I would part company on that. And I mean, he's heads and shoulders in terms of actually no one wants to go on because he named drops a lot and touched all these people and usually has a pretty good idea what's going on. Not only that, but even though he does occasionally kiss their ass when he has him on here like Jimmy, but he can't help that. He's got to move the Jimmy Johnson show, you know. Yeah, but he doesn't present things in a sensational way. He just says it like it is. That's why I like him. Thirdly, that caller who called earlier and said that you should do play by play. Right. I mean, that's a great idea, man. You would really, well, I should be doing the Panther games. I'm the greatest talking announcer since Bill Hewitt died. I'll tell you that right now. Well, I mean, I'm not doing good. It'd be good if you gave it a shot. And fourth, I say, you don't think Wayne is going to harm me though, do you, sir? Well, don't, with all of you respect. Well, Wayne hates you, man. Right. And, uh, and another thing, I'm straight, man. And I shaved my balls. And, uh, I don't think that has anything to do with being gay. I didn't say it did. I just said that there could be a way. I'd be very careful because if somebody says, you want me to shave your balls for me because I did to myself and I'm the expert. That was seriously. Don't tell this to anyone I'm saying. In other words, if you said to some guy who's a friend of yours, here, it's really a great thing in the ticked love it. And let me show you how it works. Wouldn't you think that the guy would like one like a son of a bitch? That's a, that's a bit homoish. But I got to tell you something. This is a ticked love. I want to go around shaving every other guys, balls in the place like so. I'm telling those here. I'm not worrying about him. You go to the guy. But he, keep in mind, he's Roman. He's attacking. And you know those Roman. They were good. Yeah. But let me tell you one thing. All this, all, all, all, all, all. This is a ticked all you guys out there. Your women will love you for it if you trim and cut and keep that thing in shape. I love that trim, yeah. They'll love it. Take care of me. Okay, see you, pal. Okay, shade balls. That's our topic, by the way, for the next six weeks. Sure, it's, it's Romer appetizing. Then here to bodily straight guys with their anal sex. Correct. Oh, boy. That's just warm me out. Just hearing about it. We're most of those women. I'm too just anticipating. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the AT. I mean, now, what, I don't want to get too graphic here. But what does it do? Does he use near or something? I mean, what do you, I assume you use this? What do you call it? I do put shaving cream on your gonads. Here's my understanding of it because this is the solution in the basket. Yeah, I'll bet. The clippers and get like a number two setting. And trim everything with the number two. And then on the scroat itself, you actually have to get the shaving cream and get rid of everything. Shave that smooth. Oh, I say it completely smooth. Right. On the back. On the sack. Yes. Yeah. And the women are supposed to like that much, much better. Why? And I've spoken to a couple that do and I've spoken to a couple others that say that that would make you get it. Get it easy on their chin. Is that what it is? Less chin burn? That's what Monica said. Well, she played a mean chin ball. That's what I heard. 125. I mean, I'm learning new things every day. Just what I thought you couldn't learn anymore. First, the doctor was telling me perverted story three days ago over his office. And then of course Jeff Com was on there before who's been sicker than all of them put together. He wear a exploding ball. And then I climbed up to my head. I saw an inches piece that my first was walking with. Well, well, well, not a cast in the weather. The first was put in a cage. He came to me like that. And the rest was on my own father's bed. Was she foolish to teach you, Jeff? But that wasn't you. You had that pretty head. She was in the center of the weather. That everyone was feeling like we're quite a bear in her. Pretty having a big show in her life, so they could. Well, well, well, well, like that fell in the weather. Oh, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well. She was a poor genius, he's like that's how it's so well. If you have a good thing, you have to really try to tell her. Never necessarily want her or she might fall in the world. Well, well, well, well, well. My captain, this is the letter or first was put for a gig. It can't be my cast. Well, okay, what 31 is five-sixteen. Triton I overhead back up now again because I heard everything that Joe was saying in there all the admissions. It's like going to confession sitting on the other side with father or father's tool. There you go. I can actually hear it. I stand by my original statement. I've given this about 30 seconds of valuation in my mind. I stand by whatever you're saying. That is a guy who shave here off any of their body parts. Those are the fact. It's okay. I mean, if you want to take it personally, if you want to be offended, I'm sorry. But guys who shave here off any part of their body, those guys are facts. Take the leave me when I tell you not to face. Okay, facial hair anywhere below the neckline. Okay, anywhere below where your necklis comes down. And I do mean necklace. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I listen to the first team or mediocre, but you know, something sports is just me. I listen to him. Yeah. I listen to Hank. The only thing I don't like about Hank sometimes, he'll sit there and you'll say something about someone and they'll have him on his show and he'll kiss his ass. I don't like that about Hank. Yeah. I like Jim Manich. He'll be gone today by the way, man. Did you all want everybody to be sure they know that? Right. I don't know if he's been on a train. Your show's number one, Howard Sturgeon's number two, Chris Bush, and Eddie Dortis are two major asshole. Okay. Say how the Chris and Tommy get out of our face. Here's another facts by the way. The facts are really a poll minute amount today. So is it about time somebody started ripping this Jeff, the florist and ass. What delusiness he's suffering, wearing or where he walks around to just him that Hank Goldberg is the problem. Jeff, you need serious medical treatment. Lots and lots of shock treatment. Then we can work on getting your head out of your ass. You dip, uh, **** shot you. Get rid of that helium filled ass liquor and that other stupid jokin in the morning. You're the problem, Jeff, the florist get a clue. You suck. Although sucking is how you got your job in the first place it says. And you must have sucked, uh, **** because, as much better taste than to let your mouth anywhere in your history, juicy. Sign Steve. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Okay. Only the names have been out to protect the gilly, okay? Getting really, you out pissed off and part up about that. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Are they firing Christiana Moron? Uh, he's leaving by mutual consent. He said I'm thinking about leaving and they said don't let the door hitch in your skinny ass on the way out. I got a beast with you. Why can't you just look over as Stanley Steve Panthers little lounge up there when the lights start flashing when the goal goes on? They're looking at the goal light. Well, that's a good point. I didn't realize it went on up there. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think we'll have to go to the next year. I'll start looking for some little things. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Fact was a game when in goalless score last night by Marcus Nielsen. Neilsen, who last night was John Alder in the game with a sacco quo. If I guess that they swedish finished thing, that little thing going to my E.L. is bigger than yours or something. But when the winning goal went in there at overtime, we were hoping it was over. Believe me, but you really couldn't be sure until everybody started leaving. I guess it's over and it was over because you can't see the goddamn light. But don't start picking on it again. There's not much to do with the season. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Going once. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think they both thought I think you struck too. Okay. Thank you. And thanks for listening to five, sixty QAM. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. See what I try to say in a whole audience. The next week's out there, they're grabbing themselves all over in laughing and talking about the new thing. Because every time somebody calls and makes a call like that, everybody would bring the size of a thumbnail of a hang nail. Know is that this guy is listening. So what does that say? Not about us about him. What does that tell you? What does it say? We all suck. Now I do suck. We know that. And that's my business. But this heroist business. I'm sorry. That's not for this kid. In fact, I'll tell you what's really freaky. Like they're chest through their like anybody parts. And the heroist is like just a little bit grown back, you don't want to say. And you feel like that's buzz. And it's a dead tip off. It's a dead giveaway. Like this is a freak that shaved itself. You know, what kind of a thing is this? Joe. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to ask some great memories of the famous. All right. It's a little bit slow, a little bit late. But better late than ever. Yes, sir. Yeah. When I grew up, it was sort of like the preliminary to Joe Stone crab. You would go there. There were lines out. Oh, Joe. Don't crabs. Now you ruined my whole day. Why do you bring that over? I just said it was a lot of stuff. The block deep that crab luck and shop liver. Yeah. At the best crab luck and time. Right. You know, so it was like a food or a jeep for all the Jews and town. You could have shaved your balls in the middle of the famous alone with a note of that. That's right. I was there. You absolutely right. They were too engrossed in the in the fried crab lock and the kishki. That fried crab look I tried to duplicate it to impossible. Yeah. But it was great. What a sin that was when those two Julio guys bought it out and tried to reopen it and started me and like it said in the Howard Klein, but it was article that they replaced the chicken soup with lobster bisc. Yes. I understand that only Graham he loves to risk what the hell was that about. I heard of eating a belly meal with lobster bisc. But whenever my parents wanted to get taken at the dinner, that's where they wanted to go. Well, they must have excellent taste. It was like the Romanian steak smothered in the onions. Oh, I remember that. That was the best. Fantastic. And a very very gruelage. They had great semis and heavy service and right. And it was just a great place. And now no more semis. We just got the tourists. That's all we got left. That's exactly right. God bless you sir. Take care. Zygazan. Chief finally took a couple of days. I told Howard Klein because of the game last night. That was one of the great columns ever written. We got no response about it because what do you expect? You know, just like we got a response about Bill Wendel died. Bill Wendel died from the David Letterman showed us anybody in the Saudi It's a member Bill Wendel. No. Huh? I don't understand. What does anybody got to do to impress these Dollars that we have done here to make an impression with you to make you feel like if they broke. I mean, everybody's got a croak someday. And it's not like I was 40 years old. He was 75, which is an ancient. But it's, you know, that was his time. But they just don't give a crap. Who else was it to die? Oh, and of course, what's his name? Tony Nuli. There haven't parties that he died, Anthony Nuli. He had a style that was so, and he used to do vagas, do by the way, he must have had naked pictures of some mobsters or something. The most disgusting, nauseating, puke-inducing stuff. But he was able to cross between Jim Neighbors and Queen Elizabeth, or whichever Queen you want to put in there. Maybe one that changed his balls. I can't believe that. I mean, what, first of all, the fact that you do it, that's one thing. But to go around advertising it. Not all, but he wouldn't have known unless you told him. Why do you tell another guy that you shaved your balls? He tells everybody. And then he goes to get a wax job three times a week. He's got waxy build on the building. If you're not shaving, you're in the house. See, a guy like him shouldn't be that desperate that he has to cow toe to some of the broads wishes that you know, seriously. He should be able to have his pictures like Coriander. All of more so, Cori, because Cori is a better looking guy than Joe. Joe's okay. Cori is a good looking guy. And why do you give me a look like that? You know that's true. Sure you do. He's, uh, you have a Roman nose. If you had a nose like Cori, why don't you and Cori swap noses? Huh? And here. Yeah, and you take a little bit of his hair and put it back on your ball. And then you have some of self respect instead of shaving your balls because your girlfriend likes it that way. Man, who's the pussy initially? Who's the pussy in this relationship, huh? She likes it that way. Man, gross, uh, grow up here. Man, maybe a shaved one of mom. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe guilty. Maybe that's what I understand that guilty used to have a deep body, like a whisper of bed for his voice. And then Joe turned on the shaving your balls. That was weird. Gulli was getting a lot of action. Maybe that's the reason why I can't think of any other reason. Plus being hung like a crocodile. What a place this is, man. I'm surrounded by pervert. I'm not telling you what, you know how sick this place is? Well, I'm the one that's normal, okay? By comparison, you know, this is a sick guy named place. 21 till 2 at 560 WKM. If you're suffering from hair loss, if you have a ball spot like Corey Saban, you're not happy with what you see in the mirror these days. Go see my friend Charles Alphiari. That's what I should do is go hook to uh, Corey up with Charles Alphiari, filled in that little ball spot. He's got then Joe would be psychotic. Then what would you have to rip then? Huh? Then you'd be, then you'd be standing out in the hallway. They're uh, scraping them off. But every day are. I'm looking for the glory holes. 1, 4, 4, 5, 60 WKM. We have a note here that was split down of the door from somebody back in sales. It's unsigned, but it's interesting because it says that. ROR! You don't know if she had his chocolate salty. Okay, where are we going? We have an open line in the summer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T, where who could that have been from in sales runaway? It was writing that about. ROR! Here's Holly with, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. It's just simple to settle. What you ask is, you know, how do you like your ball? How do I like my balls? I don't know. I'm not double joined to there. You, I'll ask Ron Jeremy. I like my wood like a little, uh, pommadoro sauce on the vioniswitty. And certainly no bread crumbs. Lots of carbohydrates. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Listen, I wanted to, I hope, uh, thanks, listen to the show today. I don't know what he used today. He's in, not on. I don't know where the hell he is. Well, I'll tell you. Uh, I don't know what he used today. He's in, not on. I don't know where the hell he is. Well, I'll tell you. Um, he's the most annoying show host I've ever heard. Really? Oh, please. He's like, I heard the caller earlier saying, you always act like he knows what he's talking about. It's so blatant that he's reading everything. He's got some guy whispered in his ear. Uh, he doesn't know anything about anybody. And he loves to cut people off. He loves to chew people out. And, you know, after hanging up on him, he's in the mall and kind of business. Yeah. Oh, I mean, a prosthetic. He's prosthetic. And I mean, the, the morning guys will, I don't know they're joking. Poor of a comedy that anything because they don't know proof either. But I'll say that ain't go bird. I can live without him. Big time. Okay, probably. I'll pass along. Thank you so much. No, too late. Here's what I says. Can you imagine if he project the force with the dolphin Marlon heat, Jack and people's with Dave Ross in the same room. It would be suction infinity. The universe would implode it would be the end of time. For whatever that means. Yeah, these people. I'm going to tell you again, guys, shave the hair off your body parts. She got man's a freak. Exactly. I couldn't say it better myself. Guys, we shaved that. That pants are the guy that called before because I have seen a few per my time. And if I said, and counter to guy was shaved to go mad, I would immediately say, She got man's a freak. And one like hell the other way. So you're safe, Joe. That's good. That's, we all feel better now. There's like a sigh really. Joe is safe. Corey safe. To the gets the, the child's health area. Or maybe we could just transplant the hair from the rest of the body. I'm that bald spot on his head. That would be good. And little left over for Joe to put back where they belong. Oh, seriously. What kind of a guy is that much of? Well, if you don't, it reminds me of, I would say I've thought this many, many times. And for some reason, I never think to talk about it on the year. What kind of guys drive around? Now, do you ever let your wife drive when you go on somewhere? No. No. See, there you go. See, I told you, George, is it really not a matter of let? What do you, another, she doesn't want to? Of course. So what we call not? It's just not done. It's just not done. No question who would be driving exactly. There you go. In other words, it doesn't happen. But why see guys who are like either their girlfriends or their wives or both are driving. And maybe it's their car. Okay. I still don't find it making a difference to me. I still feel, maybe this is a sexist thing. In fact, it probably is. But guys generally speak out much better drivers than women. If there's a guy out there who had met in his mind that his girlfriend or wife or a grandma, or whoever it is, is a better driver than that kind of walk. You know? I don't understand. I see that all the time. Women driving and the guy, the husband, the boyfriend, the whoever he is. Is sitting there and she's doing a dry and I say, why is that? Why is that? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. How are you doing now? Great. I didn't leave out my first time following. I just wanted to say first. Dammarino is number one. Number one. We have a tissue on. Okay. The second thing. What dammarino have to do is what we're talking about today. You want to go to the hospital? You want to go to the hospital? Yes. I am. I don't want to hear from you. Call after two. Mad Doggo talk. He's upset with them. He's got a damn window. Blow up the other home. He borrowed from Joe Rose. Joe is not a terrible. He's got a pair. Tell me also. She's speaking of pair. He's nuts. Yes. He's in too. What do you look so? What does that mean? Didn't you just tell him that? Then how do you know that? Joe just told me. Did somebody outside tell you that? I don't want to mention that. He named? Yeah. I know his girlfriend. What's his name? She's a very nice guy. Oh, you noticed? I didn't notice that. Tommy got a haircut. Really didn't. Turn around. Oh, the sight. Yeah. I got a little. That could be the squirt. I'm right there. For all you know it might be. For all the heres we got for that pony tail. I don't know. I mean, this is just becoming so complex. I'm just overwhelmed by it. I can't stand it. I can't deal with it. But we are going to get you some new tracks you go, Tommy. That's a good news. You're going to have to learn to start running real real fast. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Yeah, I do. Pretty good, sir. Listen, first of all, I love your show. Of course. Second of all, I will not listen to the first team. And third of all, you're talking about the shaving thing. I called George. I'm a straight guy. And I shave. I shave my chest. I shave my stomach. Oh, my God. Now listen. Yeah, we believe you. When you are flipping through the ad in the newspaper or something or magazine, you see like when these underwear models. Okay, you're a big billboard. Have a fine. Never see a guy with hair. Never. And why do you know that way? But you do understand most models are, I don't want to say the word, you know. Fruity. Where, right there you go. I'm okay. But that's how I like to look. You know, with some, if you want to hear the fruity, no, I'm a fruity of the learn. Sporty is some, it's a modern look. 70s. You had you shirt on button down to your public. Right. With the big burrow and cherry chest in the bad haircut. Yeah, that's a human thing. Well, that's the disgusting human. Because they're living in the past. You're like in Venezuela and Caracas. And then also to the Venezuelan mirror and they don't realize he did. To touch on this thing about letting your girlfriend drive. Yeah. My girlfriend has a very, very expensive car that her father gave her. You know. Yeah. But whenever we're going someplace, I always like to drive just because when she drives, she drives like she's got no place to go. You know what I'm saying? She drives like she's got some kind of song in her head. Right. It takes some kind of bad show to it. I like that. Excellent. This is my kind of guy. Even overlooked as shaving the body parts. This guy wants to get from point A to point B. And not go out there and did Lee do little in a row. I can't stand people getting a highway who are did Lee do little in a row. Sometimes I feel bad because her car is so much better than mine. Yeah. I don't want her to think that I want to drive it because it's better. But it's like, hey, you know what? If we're going to take your car because I got a Jeep and the Jeep doesn't have to AC in the seat bar. It's in that. But hey, you know, I want to get there. You want to take this car. Then hey, I'm driving. Actually, I love your show and default. You smell. Yeah. Who? Man. Seems like Jeff DeFloris has imploded upon his own words this morning running around a building, stirring the pot. By the way, speaking of pot, we're going to be smoking some weed on the show tomorrow. Do I close out a nice week? Can't smoke cigarettes. Can't smoke pipes. Can't smoke even cigars. Good cigar in here is what the deal is. But nobody ever saying about smoking a little bit of the good ear. Yeah. Yeah. In here, okay. And all my doctor friends tell me that those herbs are good for you. People are spending a fortune. They get those same John's words. And all the other good stuff is nothing like a little herb to make you feel better.