Sports Review 5-6-8-WTAM, my heavy board Linerdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, I talked to Neil called 5-6-7-056-8-8-8-8-8-8, or count 5-6-9-yourself, oh no, you can use the video to get spoilers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQA, easily-weak acquisitions or the basically broadcast booth. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Review 5-6-8-8-8-8-8-8. I read through sounds like roses, you mean jeans okay, but I'm not, you know, really want to use the rest of the day. I was only in that for a few minutes, I always drink the lights all the time through. But now the world has doubts that I did it. I guess I'll have to find somewhere else. We do do do do, I have to hold who's hidden and I'm glad it's just crazy. When I get my hands on the wood, where those rulers self-attaches his face, all the rest of the rooms feels like, oh, he's just, where does the rock? It smells okay to me, where does he do do do? I don't do it 5-50 WQA, but that overhead sure is low today, boys and girls, it's real real slow. But anyway, we'll get through it one way or the other. Speaking of doing a little lumber, I got another great story. Most people don't admit these stories when they happen to them because it only happens to me, okay? Nobody else wouldn't admit this. Just another little episode in life proving that there is no God. So yesterday morning we're in Toronto. I got all kinds of stuff about the air can, the center, about the game Saturday night, about the crappy seats that were more goddess. Oh yeah, I'll see you won't be back with. Don't let me forget tomorrow to repeat this for his benefit because I want to make sure he hears it. Mr. Bigshot. Mr. Bigshot, their fire broke below the air, Canada club up there and the red seats, yeah, right? You know something if he would have told me I needed binoculars, I would have taken a pair and some binoculars too. Mr. Bigshot, what is good friend? Oh, they come from so and so with a team and yeah, they're my base, but about, and he's up there by the way. We meet the sham I'm back it up now. We meet at lunch at the pickle barrel. I'm Saturday, which naturally I bought. He gives me the tickets and he says, oh well, the good news is we can see me from where you're going to be sitting in these seats. You can see me. Like I'm not going to go there to see the arena and see the hockey game. I'm going there to see Rimer like I can't see him anytime. And he's up there waving and just, articulating and all, I mean, just putting out a hand bone, but not as bad as Christine and more on, by the way. We're seeing him in the national anthem, and I look up at the press box and there's Rimer and Denise Potpand and to their right, there's Bob Cole and Harry Neal doing the game on TV on CBC and to their right is Joe Bow and do the least game on radio and to their right, I see a booth and I see some asshole during the national anthem and he's waving like an orchestra. He's carrying on and swimming and putting out a whole big act for a guilty and Randy Mower. It's Christina Moron. Acting like our real juror can I thought what a moron. Yeah, it's what I thought. I thought to myself, he's an asshole, but we already know that that Christina Moron. God, you had to see it to believe it. So anyway, we'll get back to that in a minute. But now, yes, in the morning, every Sunday morning, they have a great brunch. This is a place next to the Eaton Center. Eaton is the big department store in Toronto, like Burrlands and there's a big shopping mall downtown called the Eaton Center. And right next to it is a place called J.J. Mugs, which is a very, it looks like one of those, like Dalts, member Dalts, like kind of a restaurant. And during like any other time of the week, it's mediocre at best, but Sunday morning, they have the best God damn brunch from like 10.30 to 3 every Sunday. So anytime we're in Toronto on the weekend that happened to be there on Sunday morning, never missed a Sunday brunch. Now, one of the things that I love about it is they have like an omelet bar where they got me to omelet fresh, you know, to whatever you want on it. Well, a lot of the things they do when they make the omelet, of course, what do they put in the pan before they make the omelet? What? I don't hear where you're saying. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm like a fool. I'm like a fool. Well, I'm not thinking to myself that, you know, 10.30 on a Sunday morning, a little oil in the pan might, you know what I'm taking? So we finish your eating there and I'm like, just before I finish, I make a trip to the Yemen's room up there in J.J. Mugs because I thought, yeah, did my business. I thought I did all of my business, much to my this made to find out moments later I did not. So we walk out of there and the walk into the Eaton Center and I said to John, I see, oh, I think I better go find because I know where the restrooms are downstairs in the food court. So he goes off in the music store and I said, I'll be right back because nature was calling before he repeat performance. Okay. Now we're off at one end. This is a big shopping mall by the way, we're at one end of it. The restrooms, you go down three escalators all the way to the bottom floor and they're way at the other end on the very bottom floor. And I'm moving along thinking, oh, no problem. I get right to where the door is. Right to the door. You know what I'm talking about? Right to the door and your mind is playing tricks with your body again and like, oh, no. Don't, don't, and I take one step and, oh, no. A little, a little bit of a problem and I thought, well, I'll still make it. I take the next step and, oh boy. Wow. Thank God for boxy assured, baby. Yeah. White boxy assured, no less. Yeah, white boxy. Oh, man. So I fly into there, I do my business. And of course, now I'm also I'm removing my boxy assured. Now, this is a busy restroom. It's a busy tea room. So it's not like one of those situations we can go in and like, Daintly take them off and like throw them in the trash can. I'm going to say the shot can. Well, that's what it is. Right. So I had to fold them up kind of like, you know, and stick them under behind the base of the toilet. You know what I'm saying? You know, there's that one spot. It's like a blind spot where the Italian's had to guns. Right. Where the Cuban woman hide the old toilet paper. Oh, my God. What another experience. I thought to myself, God damn it. There is no God. What? That's it. That's the end of that story. But wouldn't brief me more efficient for holding that stuff in? No, not at all. Because briefs tend to be number one thinner. Which means that we go through into your pantalones. You have like a bad stain. And number two, oh, it's you. The thought of that box is shorts are more like there's more different places working Catch on. Reaster very skimpy. It's like almost like we're in a jokster at. Which you can just imagine if you were worrying. Oh, gee, what's that in the floor? Oh boy. Talk about a crappy life, huh? So that was one of the highlights before the snowstorm by the way. That was the first storm, okay? A couple hours later, there was another storm of a different kind. There was a real adventure this weekend. It's always an adventure when you get out of here. When you're here, it's pretty boring, you know. But you get on a plane, you go someplace else. It's always an adventure. So I'm trying to call my doctor, Dr. Mark, which by the way, I'll be there in our early today, Dr. Mark, because we got Marlon's baseball at 105. Can you believe that? No. Marlon's in the mess in New York. Marlon's baseball. Any interest at all. No. Any, I mean, a minimal lot of interest. No. How much of those attendance figures are the games over the weekend? Yesterday on a Sunday on a beautiful sweltering Sunday when it was 94 in the shade. Alex Fernandez pitching the hero. You know, come back after last year. The big hero picks that great game opening day. Oh, yes, the Cuban's the law come out. No. Alex Fernandez is pitching. No. And announced crowd of 14,000 some odd. I bet you, you know, basically, because that's tickets sold. Maybe they had like 10 or 12,000 people in there. I'm a Sunday afternoon. Hey, the break the news to you, John Henry, are the interest in? No. They're going to be any interest. No. No. Zero. I hope my poop. I, I, I, I, I, pooped my pants. Hi. That's the tricky sentence. And since you haven't been sending me money for anything lately, I developed a big load of new diet merchandise. Like my sweating to the oldy video, Then you'll laugh. I use sweating to the oldy. The older one. When I work out, honey, I put out a sense that could strip the bark off our redwood. So don't offend while you're banned. Get an idea over stick. And you like my deal with me? Then you'll laugh. I enrich you, give me some. I am poker game. You play deal with your friends and win all their food. And I've got a new line of work out on your pants. Uh huh. How can we guarantee you, Lou? Because after listening to Richie Stin and in the second 10 minutes, you won't be able to keep anything down. You'll see you at least in time. That's 15 to 560 WQL. I was just thinking, I bet you there are a few. I should be in the Guinness Book of Records. How many other people do you know who have crapped their pants in Miami, Toronto and Rome? Huh? All three of the above. Not anybody know anybody else out there? No. That's done that? No. I know I believe my mark on this world before I left it. Make no mistake about that. So anyway, getting back to the inevitable, the air Canada Center and our trip now, we'll say this man, just like you old Boston garden boss and we could take the subway and get off right inside the garden without even having to go outside. Same thing with the air Canada Center, you take the subway to Union Station. You get off and you don't even have to go outside. You walk right through and there you are in the air Canada Center. Just follow the sign. Beautiful building. Spectacular brand new, you know, plastic. Much much better food than the macarina. I mean, much more different variety, much much better food. It's all kind of food. But the aisles, the walkways up in the, you know, in the walkway. Two narrow, much to narrow, jam packed with people out there. And then you go inside like I said, remember, it gets us real real real real crappy seats. Yeah, I mean, really, you know, the price was there right there were free. But you might as well sit close enough to be able to see the game. It's kind of like the goals that are being scored at the other end, which the least with those five goals in the first two periods all were most mostly at the other end. And you need binoculars to see what's going on. Oh, there's the red light. At least you can see the light come on, but other than that, you can't really see what's going on down there. Way on the end. Bad. And unfortunately, the bad news is that thanks to Gary Batman, thanks to the sports moguls and all professional sports, they're destroying it. It's not only new arenas and new ball parks and new stadiums, but it's, they all have to be the same. They have to be equally plastic. And so on the big scoreboard, they're at centerized, horrible acoustics, by the way, the worst in the world. They play the same corny crap there that we see at the macarina. Thank you, Jerry. Batman, you jackass, you stupid little Jew, you idiot. You know, the thing with Jean Hackman, that seems in the locker room and they're doing the applause. The one thing I will say though, and Toronto, though, those very polite people don't get them. Go in here, they get sucked into that. Doesn't phase them at all. They don't start applauding. They're busy in a coma. We stayed for two periods. Of course, you know, they outcome to the game Toronto-19-1. If I would have known they were going to score for more than the third, I'm out of state. And every time the least score I jump off, I'm screaming, and I'm looking around. Now, I realize the crowd in Toronto. They're like I said, they're very polite. I think even when they shoot you, they say, oh, sorry, sir. Here you go. Really, two polite. But I mean, the people in the air can't of this, sir. They're not just polite. They're in a coma. They're in a coma, baby. I look around. Everybody's sitting. Yeah, but we just scored a goal, eh? We just got, yeah, okay. And now what they're doing is like in the Red Sea. I don't know about all the other sections. They got platinum seeds. They got the gold, which used to be the best maple leaf gardens. They got the red and then the slipper's way up there with the Montpellier-Telescopes and the binoculars in the green seeds. Way up there. Imagine miles in the sky. And they have the usher-wet school around, like they do with PP Park with their little order taking and they are a little computer. And they take orders for food while the game is going on. So people are passing money back and forth and passing credit cards. So not only are people getting up and walking back and forth, which you never used to see this at Maple Leaf Gardens. But now they're passing stuff back and forth and food back and forth and just incessantly goes on and on and never ends. Just tragic. Very sad. I mean, the place looks nice, but they totally destroyed the atmosphere. And you can't complain about the atmosphere in this building. There isn't any. There is none. Zero. Like I said, the sound system blows. They aren't blasting at that. God, I don't think they can get it that loud to blast it. It was just the other than the outcome of the game. For me, other than that, it was just depressing. 3D pressing. All the same garbage up on the scoreboard. All the same music. That's all coming out. I was thinking to myself, why? I'm a serious about this. Why do we go to sporting events that are on television for free? Seriously, that's a magnificent question. Like for example, the Panthers have two more home games. Wednesday against Montreal, which I'm still debating about that. Saturday against Tampa Bay against the lightweight. The last time I'm getting to the season, I'm not going to be going to that. No, not on your life. I'd rather stay home and tick seeds out of my record and we'll go on to the lightning in the Panthers. But seriously, why do we go? They keep building all these stadiums in the arena and it becomes less and less appealing. Fewer and fewer of the people who go there, just like at the macro arena, have any interest in the sporting event that's going on. They're just smooth. It's a social event. Or maybe somebody gave them the tickets. They've got any idea what's going on. And you've got drunks and you've got assholes and all of this, just the same old tight stuff. And the other doing it to your Canada Center 2, they put the people up there at the scoreboard. And they're not as rock as it is here, of course, because they're too polite. But they're making assholes out of themselves. Oh, they ran on the big screen. Hey, let me see if I can be an asshole. Why? Why? I mean television? Most sports, including hockey unless you were more on. Well, these people say, oh, I can't see the puck. Well, there it is. It's that big black thing. There are any icy waddle. They, they tell a bias magnificently. And they do a sensational job of covering the event. And you don't have to worry about if you're sitting a million miles away and you can't see what's going on. I can't, I can't think of any sporting event in the world that I can't see much, much better on my big screen TV on my Sony XPR, my big dish and my small satellite dish and a cable. Virtually every goddamn game is on there. Why do people go? What's the point? I know, I know, I see something. I get my tickets for free. There was a time like with the dolphins five years I paid every year. I paid the, you know, paid the, I shmuck for the dolphin tickets. And there was also a time when the first couple of years, two, three years with a path is paid for my season ticket. Very expensive. What do I pay now? No. No. I get the tickets for free and I'll be honest with you. It's a real chore to me. And then the arena is like four or five minutes drive away from my house. And it's still a chore. I still have to motivate myself to be interested to go. And no one gets to be another one of these. And most of the games are boring. I mean, really coma inducing terminal. Oh, you could die from it. And I find myself recently like in the last month or so. If the other team gets up like two nothing or something like that. Praying for them to pop another quick goal or two winners. So it can be like so lopsided. We know the outcome and we can leave early. I just fly out of there when it gets to a certain point. I just like somebody just turned on the electric current in the electric chair. And I just zap up out of that chair and fly out of that place. And I heard this, you know, default. But nice call by the way, default. Recommend. Do it now. That's it. That was a 14 slip. Doing so all this morning. I sure hope Joe isn't the second up they have to take into that clinic. You know, they'll fix him up good there. But default was talking about how boring and terminally NFL draft is about the Draxnix what assholes they are. I thought, D. So we find a little bit of a little pair. You're right about that. But the first caller I heard on the morning show this morning was chronic Joe. You know, with the thick voice chronic sports Joe, you would know. Oh, God. I'll be hearing him in my sleep after I'm in the box. I'll still be hearing that voice. And then some bitch calls in and she's going to all of the two Marla games. They want both games. But what are we going to do about those crowds? Nobody seems to care. There's no one. What are we going to do? And I thought to myself, you know, what are we going to do? What do we get over at honey? Nobody's interested. Don't care. That's what we're going to do is worry about something more important than a stupid ball game. Which we have the Marla into the Met's by the way today. 105 or let's us out of here in our early. That's why we care about it. Nobody cares. And the sports nerds failed to recognize this that more and more of this, these big plastic facilities, millions and millions and millions of dollars be in sped. And I don't understand. What's the big attraction? Why do people go? When you can see it, I mean, if you couldn't see it for free, if there was no TV, then maybe I might understand. I don't know about your house, but in my house, my living room, my family room, or have the big screen TV, much much more comfortable than being at any arena or stadium. Much more comfortable. I can go to the refrigerator. I can get whatever refreshments in my choice. The price is right. The food is already there. I can get sold as I can go take a leak without fighting crowds. Like I had to do between periods and Toronto the other night. You can sit in your underwear. You can even, you're underwear and nobody goes smell it. That's right. I mean, why do we go? Why are we out of our minds? Are we nuts? What was the big attraction there? I'm really, I'm really impressed about their air Canada center. I'm going to thought, I mean, the building is beautiful. Don't get me wrong. And if it weren't for those narrow hallways out there with a concessions are, if they would have done that a little bit better, it would be perfect from the air. Air be at the standpoint. But it's as narrow as the inside of an oxygen tent. I mean, there's no atmosphere and there never will really be. I don't think. I mean, just a big place with a lot of people. And very, very, I can't imagine that too many people in that joint are really getting great sightlines. I mean, there can have to be out of the 18,800 that the thing holds for hockey. There have to be about at least 12,000 of them who are not getting to hear a good view of what's going on. I must have binoculars. I mean, it's far, far away. I mean, way, the goal of the other end. We're sitting in the corner behind the leaf shoot one squaw, I guess you'd call it. And the goal of the other end, it looked like you were looking down the end of a tube at the end of a tunnel. That's how far away the other end looked. And the goal of the score, they're little, you see that you can see the red light and the green light. They're up there on a glass on a uncovered, uncovered, unlike here. But you can't really see what's going on there. Way, way far down there. I mean, I don't understand since they were nowhere to care about the fans anyway. I'm looking at some of the seats in the upper deck in the green section. I mean, way up at a corner so far and so steep that if anybody takes a bad step, look out. Maybe that can be some extra added, you know, instead of that stupid stuff, they do be two impairs with little kids playing hockey and with all that other throw on the crap up in a crowd. Maybe they can do that. Had a contest to see the cooking rigged the most beers without tumbling out of the upper deck down over the ice. And then if they do, everybody, then we'll get some reaction from the crowd. It's it's sterile. It's just not that enjoyable and people convince themselves, oh, we're having a great time, baby. Sid, hold me watch that thing on TV. You see everything up close and personally, you get the added effect if you got good notes just doing the game. I mean, you know, it's an enjoyable experience. And we keep, you know, and I used to, I can't press. I used to be one of those same people. Oh, you've got to go out and support the team. You got to go out. Why? Why do I have to do that? So can have a bunch of drunks, uh, spill and beer all over you. Getting into brawls in front of you. Have a bunch of, and then by the way, I've been to many hockey games that made police gardens in Toronto, where people actually were paying attention to the game. Guess what, hockey fans, the people behind me, the women, they're doing the same crap that I have at the macarina. That's not, that's not, that's not the whole year. They're talking about nothing that has to do with the game. And the food is going back and forth and we're passing credit cards down to the end of the line and money back and forth and. Got me two visas and one master card, by the way. She'll ride you. And now the league of retired to the service. They're in the greenery in dirt. Don't make fun. They were in every heart for this. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery in the greenery. They're in the greenery. They're in the greenery. They're in the greenery. They're in the greenery. They're in the greenery. 32 and 5. 60 WQM. So let's hear it today. You want to go to the games you want to sit at home and watch them free on TV. Why do you go? Why do we go? Why do we get in our cars? Why do we hop on a subway? Why do we go to these venues? Why do we spend a hell of a lot of money or even if somebody gives us the tickets? And by all of that over-price food and put up with all the other bull crab and can't see about 80% of what's going on. What is the point? I think that's a magnificent question. Will he answer it today? No, probably not. Here's Bokeh. Hello. You know, I've been to the air Canada center and it's nothing like what you're describing. It's exactly like what I just described. And the other thing that you call Gary Betman, stupid Jew. What are you? Stupid Jew. What are you? Yeah. Oh, shmuck. This guy wouldn't know where to find the air Canada center. If you stuck a compass in a road map inside of his rectum, there's a good call for you. The air Canada center, boys and girls, devoid of any kind effect. I'm not just making that up. They've been right about that in all the Toronto papers. They all say the same thing. There's no atmosphere in here, man. It wreaks of death in there. They've got the foster, healt, memorial, gondola. I think foster's body is hidden up there somewhere. I really do because, uh, man, in fact, uh, all through the hallways up there, even remember mentioned to me about the halls in the building. They stopped. Yeah. I think they got a Harold Ballard Enthoster all buried in there right inside the building. Yeah, I just made it up there because I'm a melt content in the bad guy. Here's Miami. Hello. And I don't. Okay, sir. Yeah. We got to get to the doffing. You should sit like right below where you should sit. Uh, and then we should come talk to you because my father wouldn't let me. You're raising me not to bother you, but uh, good. Nice going, Dad. Basically, uh, we go to the doffing games because I see it just so good, but I guess I see it just saying because, uh, how many people, how many people are there in this building event have great seats? Yeah. We do a really, really check and we're all we should have in 143. Yeah. So I would have really good seats for you to get a game, but I'm going to be a fan and I bought the Sunday ticket. I'm not just going to take it to Andy Lee. Right. And it's actually, and I guess you're obviously saying you probably got that. You can get 18 you on. Right. And I can talk about 930 games already started. And I can flip through. I can see any game I want to see. I'm in home. I'm in my living room. I don't whatever I want. And you can watch as much as you want. If you want to, you know, get up and go out and do something or go to the store or go out and you know, whatever you're going to do. Uh, with, you know, three quarters of the way through the game. You don't have to worry about it. Oh, gee, he left early. You don't like you have to answer to somebody. I mean, you do whatever. How do you want? Yeah. You don't get up. You don't spill beer anybody. Don't want to spill beer on you. Nobody's complaining. There's no answers. There's no TV timeouts. There's a TV timeout. You put on HBO or the right. You have to do a channel surfing. You don't have to sit there and wait for something to happen. And you can't beat it. You cannot beat it. The only thing I could see that you couldn't really do it is hockey. I mean, I'm going to be hockey Sam. But I guess I would have to be there. Why? Well, it's very interesting. But I guess if you really into it like you, it's good. And you enjoy it. I used to say that that nobody really enjoys the hockey game till they did the one live. But with what's going on in these arenas now? They've killed it. They've destroyed the atmosphere in the ambiance. It's nothing like what it used to be. It's good to be a game fan. I mean, nobody can go sit down and paint. Go on to morning 50 dollars. Right. Nobody in the world. Exactly. Okay. How do we do it? How do we do it? How do we do it? How do we do it? How do we do it? Next one. There you go. There's a guy who makes some sense. Why do we go? In fact, I guarantee. I'll bring in those tickets for the Pantheon camp again. I'm not going to that. I'm going to say right now. There will be a lot of people. Maybe they'll even sell a place off for that. There's a lot of people. They're not just because they've lost seven in the row. They're so far out of head and head and head and head because they suck. Okay. Not just for that reason. But why would you make the effort to go someplace to be bored? Like you're compelled to go? Like you're going to feel guilty if you don't show up or some stupid thing like that? I don't feel compelled to go. If I want to watch a good hockey game on Saturday, I got my two satellites. I did it. I guarantee I'll find one. It won't be in the macarina. Watch in two tragic teams. See, then this is what's gone on now. They keep watering it down and all professionals boards. Watering it down, expansion, expansion, expansion. So the product has become so mediocre. And that's why they have to sell all the flash to go along with it. That's what this NFL drafting. That's what that's all about. And then you have to talk to them and they have created an event out of nothing. In the way to this big, what is that? I don't want to hear that promo. Okay. That's stupid promo. Oh yeah, we'll be wrapped up. We'll be taking baths in the NFL draft. They'll be drafting guys that haven't been born yet. What names that nobody and even their mother can't pronounce. That's just a big hype job. Okay. To try it because it's a substitute for quality. Like all the stuff that goes on with the arena. You see, shooting the t-shirts up in the crowd. And the little blip is going around and people are running and screaming and knocking each other down. And then the music, you know, and all the stuff. I couldn't believe the same corny clips. The same corny ball film clips on the center ice scoreboard. Now, it will grant you that when a team came out for the lineup for the warmups that they did a much better job than here. Because actually there are people who understand who the players are and what the game is all about. So they would like do closeups, met some Dean one goal away from his 30th of the season. And they would show you a stat about the various players, Curtis Joseph, you know, stuff like that. But once the game started, baby, it was all exactly the same. All I got of a cookie cutter for the whole league now. Every arena's got to look the same. Every scoreboard has got to have the same crap on it. The music's all got to be standard. And that's all that same Gary glitter garbage. They've killed it. Here's a mobile and pep bird pine. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. Good. The similar thing to the pants of the troll or the breach of the game. They haven't gone. They haven't sunk that low yet. No. That's what I was afraid of. If they get that low, then you know that. It seems like all sports is seeming to go that way. Yeah. I've been feeling one game this season and I went when the pants is played to devil. So I enjoyed myself. But you're right. It is becoming. They want to keep this family and the little kids there. And it seems like the adults are becoming little kids too. And I'm unfortunately I'm sticking part of it. Um, could you? I have a request. Could you play the hockey net in Canada scene? No. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Why would I play the hockey net in Canada scene? What is that all about? Of course not. Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Let's do a mobile and pinecris. Hello. And a man is going on bad. How you doing, sir? Kind of really the boy with his clothing events. You know what I mean? There's people who have no wives at all. They work all day and boring jobs. And it's just, I think they've got somebody to go at night. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, all year long I've been asking about the people in our in our arena. The macaroon and why a lot of them are there because it's obvious they have no interest in the game. They're not taking any attention to it. They sure it seems like they sure off on everything. They feel like it. And they leave it the most bizarre times. Not just because the game is lobster. But I have no idea. I just don't understand why people go to these things. Like I'm saying, they're lives that they're lives basically suck. You know, they just want to read a blue note that they're going to game at night just to say that they got something to do. But if we do because I win golf, they if they do me free tickets, I wouldn't go. Good for you, pal. Honestly, I knew that was coming. We wanted a test. We should have tested them there, huh? Hey, sir. You want those tickets? No. He wouldn't have said that. He'd have them in a heartbeat. 5.6. The amount of $5.60 pounds, $5.60 on a mobile one line. Our usual spectacular response here this morning on a Monday. And see, this is the wrong station for this anyway. Just like Defoe was pumping that thing this morning about the NFL draft, blowing and being a hype drop and a bunch of crap. Wrong station for that boy. Anybody have a heart or a liver? We are a CTIO. It's a record time. I'm going to pick up my shoes. Drop off my draft. If they keep wet when I see you, yes. I'll be there, right? Oh, right. That's too big for my mouth. I want it. Merchants every end on top of you. And take it out by lubricated boots, too. Get me an air-wrecked gun. Okay. Hey, I'll keep through the wall. He's our E.T. The I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. I want to love and fall. We obviously went to two store loopholes. And that'll give it a blow. Here's a morning basis. And take it as a breeze. And feel it, you'll drink up. And some on a wrap on the surround. And you're closing, too. And make your wonder where we're exploding. That's on the wreck. And it's on the circle side. He-R-E-T-I-O-N. I want to drink our ball. He-R-E-T-I-O-N. 1045 and 560WQ. We got Marlin's baseball coming up at 105. Everybody interested at all. No, no, of course not. I mean, that brought the kids on to this morning with D-F-O. What are we going to do? You know, go to the library. Read a book. Go to Borders or, uh, Barnes and Noble and sit down or read a book. You know, for free, if you're too cheap to buy, once you're there and have some, like, a cup of chino. And read a magazine or a book or something. Go do anything. Go out and get some fresh air. Go find a life. Okay. I was saying to read a break to George, like the same thing with auto racing and what's the other one? There's one other one too. It's the same thing where you see, uh, almost nothing of what's going on. Golf. Oh, well, forget it. Look, I wouldn't even dignify those people. No, I will not discuss people like go to golf tournaments. Those people need serious psychiatric assistance. Okay. Oh, but it's the masters. Wow. Who's going to wear the green jacket? And by the way, a guy named Maria. Yeah, the guy to one is name is Jose Maria. Short to whatever this guy's name is. What kind of a middle name is that? Maria. Huh? Is that like Jose Sally Aganzalas? I mean, well, what is it? What kind of a name is Maria? For a guy. Because I'm telling you, the guy's middle name is F and Maria. Okay. Maybe they wanted a girl. Auto racing is one of them. And there's one other one I can't think of at the moment. But it's the same thing. People go as hundreds of thousands of people go to any. They go to a Daytona. And they sit there. What percentage of what's going on? The action. Do they really see assuming that it's worth seeing in the first place? Just will agree on that for the sake of argument. What do they see? No, no, seriously. What percentage of the actual race do they see? Or if they're rooting for a particular driver? How often do they see him? How many minutes he left before they see him come around for the next lap? How do they 50,000 laps that they're running? 10%. Well, well, yeah, 10%. Maybe. See another great thing about sitting home and watching it on TV. Whatever the sporting event is, if it turns out to be crappy, it turns something else on. Or you get up and you go out and get some fresh air. Or you get late or whatever it's something more worthwhile than sitting there watching it. Which is a hell of a lot easier than having to get up and slip out in a park and lot. Find your car. You know what I'm saying? See the real answer. And I've been saying this for years is pay per view for all sporting events. For everything, no more free TV. Not a lot of money. You know, maybe three bucks. Three bucks a game. You can watch any telecast you want. Hockey games, basketball games, football games, three four bucks a game. I'd be willing to pay it. Right there in the comfort of your living room. As opposed to going into these places and then then I don't understand what it is. I still don't get the people in that macarine. I'll never forget that up. They like it. They're massacists. They like Jenny and they show up late. They leave early. They're milling around in a hallway kind of like aimlessly. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you? Great. Good. I answered your question. It's really simple. One in the Marlins. Nobody goes in the Marlins. I mean, it's first week of the season. And now it's old buddy cares. I mean, they can't draw flies. If they were given away $50 bills, they still couldn't get anybody in there. Right. And they're talking about a new stadium. By the way, they tried to use that opening day when. Remember that last week? Oh, yeah. New stadium where we're going to put it now. Like it's a done deal already. You know, it's right. A con of public end with it. And, you know, the dolphins. I mean, you got so many die hard dolphin fans down here. You know, you literally have to go to the eight games that they have once a year. Just to go and see the game because you've always blocked out. Yeah, that's true. You know, I'm like all the other ones you're right. Yeah. And as far as the panther, the panther, the only thing I can think of me is I'm Jewish. I go to see you and my other two or three other Jewish friends that go and ask about it. I can't think of any other reason to go there than that. You go there to see Jews. Excuse me? You go there to see Jews? Well, the only other Jews that are in there. You guys do a drive around and sunrise. That's all you'll see is Jews. You don't have to go to the macarinen sunrise. You just drive and you go on sunrise lakes. Wow. You don't know. You'll choose you one. I definitely don't go there. I live in sunrise lakes. There you go. Huh? Okay. Is I using whatever that means? 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Very, very meaningful topic here today on this show. Is there a big response? No. They don't care. No matter what it is, they don't care. But the draft they're whipped up about that, they're excited about because it football, football, man. Because they're more on. That's why. Because they're low lives with no life. Here's sunrise. Hello. I knew how I was. I at the risk of becoming a corner. I feel compelled to call. Yes. I agree with you a thousand percent about the football drafts and about the attending the sporting event. I get go to the ball game last Tuesday. I called you and told you I was going because I got the free ticket tomorrow again. Right. And they were up in the nose, lead section, almost to the top. Yeah. Couldn't see anything on the field but little sticks figures. But we had a good time. Whether it was nice. It was my anniversary and we had a good time. Yeah. Good time doing what. You couldn't see the game. You're just being there out in the open in the air. We usually work inside all the time. Yeah. But anyway, it was nice and comfortable out there yesterday and then 94 degree weather. That must have been beautiful. All right. I was working yesterday. Point is that I have a met fan and there are three games on and out of the three games. Only one of them is being televised. So I can't watch it on television. Of course I can listen to it on the radio. Yeah. The other thing I wanted to talk to you about was I have a person very near and dear to me. Who had the same experience you did yesterday as a matter of fact. That's exactly right. Yeah. So it happens like he said it happens. Crad like that bumper stickers. Crad happened. So last thing is I know they've been talking about the Shawshank redemption. I don't know if you're a Stephen King fan. No. He wrote the short story. But even in the least bit. But the movie. I'd rather watch Larry Kingman Stephen King. I'd rather be dead than watch Larry King. Well, it's not a heart song. But it was up against farce come for the Academy Awards that year. For us dumb. Yeah. Which I know you love tremendously. And. And. Well, I got him now. I haven't gotten around to watching you. Morgan Freeman. Like, maybe Saturday instead of going to the Panther camp again, I'll watch your Shawshank redemption. That's a better alternative. Okay. But Morgan Freeman was nominated against Tom Hanks and I felt he should have won when the award. As did William Goldman. I know he. I know you know who he is. No. Well, he wrote all the presidents man. Why do you say you know I know he who. I think you may have heard his name here. I've never heard of William Goldman. Okay. In my life until this moment, I never heard that name uttered. Oh, well, I've heard of Irving Goldman. Solg Goldman Irving Lipschids, but never William Goldman. Well, you may run across this name now and again, if you're reading about movies. I can't wait a lot. But anyway, just thought I'd bring a little bit of enlightenment to you. And that and that respect. But it's good movie. I think you'll enjoy it. He is a ballpark. Okay. Okay. Not. 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. Anybody else really been to the Air Canada Center? At first caller from Boca that Tony Balloni wouldn't know where to find it. If they stuck his ass right on the center ice. Not exaggerating. It was very bitterly disappointing. I mean, just another place. They're all looking the same. And I mean, the hallways are interesting because they brought an all over all the member media for me. I believe Gardens. That's great. A lot of history in ourselves in the hallway. But most of us don't spend a whole night in the hallway. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Any new? Yes, sir. Okay. I was in St. Louis for a week. And man, let me tell you. I really missed you. I went up there and I was in Seoul in press by the sports town that it is. Yeah. There were kids with McGuire's jerseys on fathers with McGuire's jerseys on advertising anywhere with McGuire. The town went bananas on home opener night. They had tech rallies. They really support the team up there. Incredible. The only thing is to town is a dump. It's depressing. Well, what would you rather have? Would you rather live in a nice town or a place where they support the sports team? And what I was to point I was going to make. I come back to Miami. I couldn't wait to see the palm trees. I get here and I go, well, wait a minute. This town ain't any better. The only difference is nobody supports the teams here. But what difference does that make me see? Did it ever dawn on anybody? Would I have been Sanford 20 years? This isn't the sports town? Did that ever cross anybody's mind? It's unbelievable. And you go downtown and it's beautiful. And you don't stay there for the ramps. They have a new town to see them. Nobody wants to see them. They have a new queue arena for the hockey team. But how many new arenas do we have to build a new stadium? We have to find my point. They're pedaling crap. They keep expanding and expanding. And the quality is it's diluted to the foot. It's like taking a fine wine and missing half that would diluting it with water. Would like with the turpentine. I mean, what's the point? I would be putting a dome stadium and green bay and telling people to go indoors to watch the green bay attackers play. Right. I don't know why they would build the dome stadium and same loaves. But they did it. And that's how they suffered them in to get a new football team. And look what they got. Well, wait a minute. Do you not tell me that they're not going to play baseball in the stadium? They only play baseball in bush stadium. It's all I understand. But of all the places where you need a dome stadium. Have you ever been in St. Louis in the middle of the summer time? Oh, it's like the end of it's like being in a jungle. It's like the end of the world. It's a hundred times worse than it is here on our worst day. People drop that. Right. So how come they're not playing the baseball in the dome stadium? I can't wait to know. You tell me. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to go to the new city. Okay. 560 takes me out of the ball game. Let me go back to the house. That's what I say. Let me go home. Let me out of here. That was the zoo out of the circus. People with their ball games, with their tickets, with their all these things. That's why they have to have all these accoutermins. They have to jazz it up with all this other phone number only crap. Because actually what's going on now, there's been water down to a point. Like I said, it would be like taking a solo and steak, grinding it up and mixing it with the seaweed. Mixing it with sawdust. And saying, hey, isn't this the best thing you ever put in your push? Oh, you haven't a great time here? Right. That's a good time. That's what you do. Hey, hands on the head. You're going to go to the car. You're going to go to the car. 5 hits. And I'm waiting. It fills me out for the piece I see. Like that ball, here I go again. I cut the punchies, mix me one of the snacks, then I'll lie down, going to take a nap. And then I'll get up and I'll make the track, and double the toast. And the buzzers coming back. Now I get a thrill whenever I'm at weed. I'll cook up a favor so it's a feeling you see. Mix the mixture catch it, I'll sell you a little too. Yeah, hard. He's not holding the ball up, but it's going to fit. Well, I'm going to hate to take that spirit test. My backboard just worked. Got a only now. With the illegal grass grow. And this would stop that chemical phase, come on. Yeah, hard. 11. I'll do it. 5. 6. Yes, we do it. I'm telling you whether you want it or not. Hank will be on after the game. Good luck to you. So we got six or clock. We got Josh Friedman. Josh Friedman. And Jason is going to be doing an hour and a kilo an hour because they were cheap. A lot cheaper than the show for morning. And seven o'clock. We got the panthers at out of a pre game game time at 730. No, nobody. Yeah, I'm thinking of myself here. I think I'm talking myself into coming to coming into coming into the real world. To getting some common sense. It's never too late. Even in my advanced age. It's not too late to talk myself in again some common sense. I think starting next season, even with these free tickets. For example, if we're in the market, they just sit in the in the drawer. I'm not going to give them away because I'm not going to kill the show with giveaways anymore. So they just sit in the drawer somewhere. Just taking a big, interesting thing away. And with a panther tickets next year, if it's like when the least committed counterfeits again that I feel is you know, what's in or if Pavell. Bri, it comes back at some excitement out there and it's worth going over there to see it. But I'll go, but just to go over there just because I see I feel like I'm compelled to go. You know what I mean? I feel like I'm obligated to go. Why the hell should I be obligated to go? Because it's there. To sit there and be you see I'll tell you one of the reasons I do go to those games as I don't eat Trying desperately. I mean desperately to lose the weight which is my weight hasn't changed a half an ounce in the last three weeks And I've been on tremendous behavior So when I go to the doctor that he better give me off that high-grip or a thighside and put me on something else So I can lose some weight But I mean when you go to the hockey game so I drink my diet so I don't want to him and that's it Oh and by the way the guy that called Friday was right what am I eating meatballs for everybody puts red crumbs in meatballs? You're on the acupuncture candy meatballs. You put you schmuck you idiot Neil right But seriously, well, I'm not gonna feel compelled to go anymore like I had to put in the parents For what so I can be bored to tears and waste for the score to be lapsided and nothing I can justify jumping out of my seat saying let's get the hell out of here. That's a hell of a great evening So I can sit there with people holding up their little kids in front of me doing and waving to non-existent people across the way Who never seemed to wave back by the way? Yeah, I think they keep waving but nobody ever waves back Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? I just wanted to make a comment about the Goldfer name Maria in Spain. They They use Jose Maria who is the parent of Jesus For boy same earlier women Jose Maria was the parent of Jesus And name was Maria Joseph. I'm married Joseph. Our little name was Maria. No, no the mother of Jesus was married The father was Joseph. Yeah, and so they use Jose Jose I know and they use my dear Jose for girls and Is there gay they can just raise the way they can how about just marry Mary? Well, yeah, that could be another choice. Right Maria They're one relationship. Okay, that's the way they use it. Okay, which is got you? Okay, see Maria. I still won't buy that Jose Maria. That's a girl named the me. I just snatched my mother. Yeah. Hey, hey Now, what do you call some of your name Jose Maria? I guess it depends on what they're doing at the moment 56050560 how they're dressing and pound five 60 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile in Cutler Ridge, hello. Hey, Neo. Do you call him Mary for short? Yeah. This and Something you had a pretty crappy weekend. No, we actually had a good time Great job. I mean we're happy to go in good caught in a snowstorm and also go to see a crappy, you know, once I had a hockey game Quick story related to that about two weeks ago. I have a newborn and run out of formula like a three o'clock in the morning Had to run out to my local 24 hours store there and pick up some and I had a Comfortment I had a tackle bell feast about two or three hours earlier. You know what I mean and right about two blocks before the old house, you know Naked in caught me. You know that those little cramps that if you remove like yeah It starts with a cramps and then the M disappears and that word and it becomes something Like cramps yeah, it was either my brand new truck or the street and get what I opted for at three o'clock in the morning street Right in the middle of three, babe. All right Take care, Neo. Okay nice choice good choice there sir. Who the hell's gonna? Uh, maybe the turtle police would come along at three in the morning The third police 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T while it's lying see this they don't want to hear this they think they want to hear just the opposite I don't care that's a way I feel about it I don't think we had a bad time I'm glad I had a chance to go there and see the place and you know the prices run on the tickets terrible seats river awful seats But the but the actual experience itself. I mean everything that could have gone wrong Paul Morris who's been the least P. and answer for a hundred years He was off his feet. He was calling the mispronouncing names. They sang both national anthems and when they finished with the The Canadian O' Canada he says ladies and gentlemen when you please rise up she was made he was reading the wrong card He was like one event behind it. I was like everything that could have been out of sync It was just the depressing For a place where for the last six hundred years They've known how to put on a hockey game, but not not anymore Because it's got to be the Gary Bentman way, baby I can't take one more of those deals, you know in fact you know what's gonna happen now now that I've had that experience Every time I hear that song I think it's gonna like my bottles will start twitching and we get to that part where goes Like that I think I may just cut it loose In unison with that song Can't stand that song and I can't stand the people that get off. I mean how how many times did they have to play it before you finally say this is boring already place up to those Play that cornball stop and Tom crap. They play up there Man, they don't know Yeah, place something like that anything play like the bird thing there. I hate the bird play anything remember that Just don't play that And then and then and then and oh Stop already it's coming out of my ears. It's coming out of my rectum oh God And they're all joking and driving and not not up there. I mean up there that we did is a durian Like I said it's one thing to be polite. It's another thing to be in a coma Check the air Canada center to see if there's a pulse in a crowd I've never in my life been at a sporting event before when the home team keep in mind I'm a leafy and a hundred years now the home team scores all these goals every 10 days We'll go get up and scream and I'm my whole section there look at me like what's wrong? They're all sitting on their hands. I'm not exaggerating. I mean I'm looking down below in the platinum seats in the go and there's you know some people standing They're all sitting on their hands They're sitting on their visas and master cards waiting for some either past the change down for some in the field of change Depressing It's heavy duty to handle the heavy duty you can throw at it. We're talking supercharged turbo black corrugated cardboard with an attitude We're talking the inner price. Certainly you're right in the side. You got the point on We're talking over the top and up your blood. Can you handle it? CB it's not just tissue. It's an utterly gnarly ran two-gitter way to take care of business That'll lead you gripping the edge of your toilet seat Extreme toilet paper when you want to do more than just why you wipe out it's 1114. I did at 560 WC away. I'm in this whole business about you know well it's a great sports Yeah, so what about it the idea that because a lot of people go to see ball games and make some kind of a great city Sorry, I don't buy that at all not that this is a great city because it's not but it's also not a sports town X-pupil accuses coach of sexual misconduct Now guess which so-called sport this is in ties right into what we're talking about a couple weeks ago on those uh, fag occupation figure skating That's right figure skating and this is another one Easter way just like that children Kennedy story would a hockey You know about how he had been molested for a while 100 years and then he finally decided he didn't like it Even though I kept coming back to Green James house every night This is a similar There was much better story in the Toronto paper yesterday, which I should have cut out. I should have realized the paper or would have a very you know But this is here and that's there Richard Callahan who coach Terrell Appinsky to an Olympic gold medal has been accused by one of his former figure skaters of sexual misconduct The New York Times reported on Sunday. Oh, that's why I read this to her because they did by yesterday's times of the year for that's right. That's why I read it And it had the whole list of other names of guys who've come forward now and said yeah, he's a whatever Craig Morizie who skated for Callahan and later became a colleague What does that mean a Told it just like you know Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson. Oh, here's my colleague Dr. Watson who lives with me Told the newspaper they'd been having sex in 1981 and he now thinks he was exploited now How do you like this in 1981 to be having having sex the guy is now 36 years old and now he thinks he was exploited as he looks back on it Callahan denied having a sexual relationship with Marisi the time said Callahan contends the accusations are a play to rob them of a skaters that did Detroit skating club Where he'd been the director of competitive skating gym this bro president the West of the skating association said Marisi informed him last month of the accusations This bro said his organization cannot act until it received a formal complaint Marisi planet symmetric and play them a few weeks the news paper said This bro wasn't sweet and for a weekend competition attempts to reach him one successful Marisi 36 and the relationships started after Callahan moved to Philadelphia to coach and in the New York Times story by the way It says it continued to like about a year ago For 18 years he molested this guy and He just decided he was exploited Marisi who began working with the money was 13 finished fifth nationally in pairs in 1989 he had a pair At the and we didn't hear this line. This is the best. This is the greatest line in the history of the human race At the time I thought the sex was consensual Marisi told the times now when I look back I don't think it was consensual. I don't care how all these students whether it's a boy or a girl a coach would never have sex with a student At the time he thought it was consensual But now he doesn't think it was That that's like oh that would be like a woman saying at the time I thought I wanted to have it but now I think I was raped For the last 17 years happens yeah, oh it does happen Same for same ridiculous crap is what it is Marisi never reported any misconduct by Callahan before he said he's able to discuss the matter now because of the support of his wife and therapist It has a wife you know, oh that in front so does they so does the coach by the way The time I said it spoke with Callahan for four hours at his office in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan and interviewed four thousand skaters Coaches official agents of parents I don't understand this Callahan said the allegations are awful I can't believe I worked my butt off for kids Back home to be successful in skating to be better people and this stuff happens Callahan with Marisi coach Lepinsky 1998 Olympic gold medal He also coach Todd Eldridge to five national titles in a world championship he and Marisi split his coaching colleagues last year Callahan 53 is married with a grown daughter. He has a wife, you know He resigned as the director of the Detroit skating club in March telling the times he was started travel and coaching grind. He was tired of grinding it 18 years this stuff went on and this guy suddenly decided Craig Morisi he was being exploited and you was gonna be used And don't forget he has a wife you know Here's a mobile and for waterdale, hello Obviously must have liked it. Evidently Hey Neil at least for 17 to 18 years then you maybe got tired of it Yeah, that's a collar couple I maybe got sore about it the collar last thing there was a with a Jose and the Maria yeah Didn't that guy just went the master yesterday? That's what I was talking about yes Maria Jose Hey, man is Maria Jose Sally shorts the Lepus Holly balls right Hey, everything goes through hell all week. Aren't you just going? Let's then take it to my way for Saturday. Yeah, class split split this okay split this See there you go. Why did you just go ahead and slip in my way? slip 560 50 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the 18 and T wireless line see they don't want to talk about using the while if we got free tickets like you didn't deal see that's not the point The point is whether you're free or you're paying for them What's the big deal of going what is the attraction when you can sit on like all the panther games is here been televised And I can think of so many nights that I wasted my time and effort slipping over there What I could have said home and a game turn out to be a disaster and then like a very early on turn out something more enjoyable like a real game, maybe Here's a mobile and highly hello There's no facts and figure skating not at all On the Jose Maria thing he is not married and still lives at home with his parents Who oh Maria? Yes, if that means anything so to speak how old is he 48 33 years old still living in home What's your home or mommy and daddy like very jackass? Yeah, and very private they said on the telecast is a very private life. Oh boy Oh, but you mean to say that a possible a possible a suspected one of those may have won the masters yesterday Oh my god, what's it coming to and one more I don't expect to be an expert on balls, huh? That's true and any one mentioned Hank Interview with Alonzo morning on Friday No, and true Larry King's form he threw so many bouquet's Alonzo is opening up a flower shop Did he did a marshmallow toss again? Oh my god not one tough question even when it came around to the Did he lock out type of thing and nothing he was kissing his butt the whole surface He had a finally out of chance one of the key guys in that lockout thing was Alonzo morning and he just let him Let him off those been asked him one tough question nice at the hey great job. Okay How's well Clark doing five six Emily got 600 open lines here. It's another grim Monday boys and girls And we got a short show you better hurry, but I get with it We're only here to 105 and then we got the Marlins in the mess five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line then my good friend Ellie Brecker wrote this ridiculous story about this Orthodox Jew This rabbi schmuli both ta-ah I do like that name no schmuli. Give me the guy name schmuli. That's a great name He says sex and marriage would be joyful, but as you read in this very long story, which I have no idea They must have a lot of empty space in the paper or early needs a few bucks to write a stupid story He says that married couples though should have observed Talmudic law couples must abstain from sex for half of every month. He says How do you like that you like it? No, no ridiculous and he also says oral sex and toys are okay Six toys they're kosher. How can you have a kosher oral sex? I mean get you out of how can you eat pork and it can be kosher, right? Every here a kosher pork? No, but pornography and masturbation are Not okay, not so good bad evil evil. Oh But sex toys that's okay What about mutual masturbation? No, no, no, no, no, what about mutual sex toys? Huh? Yeah, the orthodox use they must be having lots and sex. I held a lot more than just half a month Either that or they're doing a lot during that have a month because the real support the more orthodox they are the more they reproduce like rabbits Like 10th world people the Pope will be proud Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir Getting back to Georgia. I'm sorry Which is up to late home getting back to what to towards you show one Friday from 13 to two Tell me say this money. I'm emailized. They're still with it. It's not to rate No, it's not too late. Oh, okay The worst yeah, yeah, and yeah, I got a spy report Oh, you all I know who's like a rocket scientist took his is fabled that La Floreva driving test and a funny old in that manual I also say what he told them but the book says and they said that's right But the book is absolutely Incorrect sir right So a guy who couldn't fail a trick in theometry test if you paid them They also the driver's license test. Okay. Thanks to the good news. Well, that guy and I'm no he that's one of those chronics Please that are real annoying voice almost like that Joe that calls the sports or Zalotan. Oh, is that guy driving me nuts? I know Defa was doing it so all this morning in the show too, so he'd not much choice but that Joe I'm telling you deco you want to get those numbers up on a worse thing show get rid of that Joe guy. I'm telling you Take a pull on Joe the audiences in revolt with Joe they can't stand Joe Joe mama get him off the air 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T one of the line here's Kendall hello Either Ship of the Panthers games is less than I thought it was or I missed someone's call to you this morning But are you aware of the introduction given by Denise on Saturday? No, you're not no Do you remember his description of how he felt one night? Yeah, that you have one card right? Well in the first 60 to 70 seconds at his prepared remarks like you're really really Yeah, well check out if you'd like to take by we'll bring it to you tomorrow It's beyond belief that his prepared remarks yes He described the Toronto Maple Leaf style of play with the Panthers playing underneath the handy cap of all the injuries He described their style as That's right As one yeah just what you play He said that exactly in his prepare remarks if you'd like to take I could drop it off there tomorrow He said that again I promise you he was said it like I Isn't that dumb frog said it again? I would I would give Just amazed that you don't know about this no, well, I know but I lunch is three times I Why I'm begging you for that tape We'll have it tomorrow god bless you Have it but let me ask you one other thing yeah because I was out of time That is again, but this is in prepared remarks This is not at lip But I don't even understand what the point is in other words he expected to rather just roll down in the role What the point of the remark was I don't know why he would call their style of play that and I don't know How that relates to the Panthers injuries? I didn't understand that but I am 100,000% sure of what he said I feel really Exactly Tell me about the lovely lady She'll go on her lovely lady. Yeah, what lovely lady lovely lady on 79 lovely lady What are you talking about? What lovely lady oh god lovely lady on 79 watch your face Oh, Sandy, how about you go for my guide? You go for all that's one very important They're both equally abhoring you're right about that. She's gone. Yeah, she's gone for one time Well thank you. Thanks for the good news Okay, okay, he's ran the tape tomorrow. Thank you sir. Oh my god if Denise Pompein said that again I mean it's one thing to be a dumb frog but sooner or later don't you learn from your mistakes? No, don't you learn you can't say crap on a year And I'm sure that we're still bringing him on the year on Thursdays at 40 afternoon. I don't want to you know Be labor that point Woo He's a genius. He's a real raving idiot. 1131 at 560 WCM just an hour and 35 minutes away from Marlon's baseball. Marlon's animatism changed stadium in New York. Any interest, don't even say it. 560, 560, 560 on our AT&T wireless line. Why do we go to games that are on television for free? That's a reasonable question. Why would you make the effort to spend a gas money? Especially people that actually have to pay for the tickets and for parking. And then people are belly again. Oh, Jesus, I'm not supporting their team. Well, what do you do? Isn't that a shame? Let's put him in the electric chair. They didn't support their team. Now see, the guy before that called the NFL, They see they were the smart ones. With the blackouts, they knew how to blackmail the fans. If you're not going to fill up the stadium, we won't have it on free TV. You won't see it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Last Wednesday, about 1230, I call you from Havana. Because I was with a small group of people to listen to you every day. And I said, well, why don't we call him? We were in the house, you know. But the station, the other except they called, they say the data, except collect calls. They call him to be made through an operator, you know. Right. And I don't expect these bastards to settle a call. Well, he would have been very interested because these people have, you know, they are fans of you. I said, totally before in the only station that they're getting into, into Cuba, very clear, is, in 560. Right. Because it's not a political station. But what they told me to give you a message is that they love to see you there. I may be even do a program, right from Havana. No, I think you're a... No, you're a nice person. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't want to make people crazy. No, no, no. Okay. Anyway, you are invited. I'm not in the guys with beer, Jim. Not to do the program, but to visit. No. No, either? No. The hurry was the one. No. Okay. Put it on in the hurry. But next time that I go, I'm going to try to arrange a... I'm going to try to arrange a... I'm going to try to arrange a... You can accept the call. Okay. I think we call those collect from a fan of the call. Is that those call? Is that Robby Catholic? He's Catholic. He's reproducing the make the Pope happy, right? Okay. Real producing my rabbit. Okay. I'll read it. And I'll read it. And I'll read it. Five, six, seven, that special hello to all our friends in Havana. By the way, I'll tell them down there who are gathered around our video listening for the truth that fidelity is the AL anti-Cleisto and the two-pocavada all rolled up into one and hasn't bathed in ten years. But other than that, he's okay. Five, six, seven. That's our poll question. Who's worse, Indiana Gross, Latelyton, or Afidella? That's a tough one. That's like Nippon Tuck. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, pound five, six, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Pompano, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got it, man. I do go down to the Panther games, whatever the penguins are in Tom, but I do pay for my own tickets with that's the only time. Yeah. Still hungry, Spyro for free. I was listening a couple weeks ago. I tried calling you a couple weeks ago with your phone system, hung up on me. He had a guest on the other day with all the Y2K craft going on. The guy had an appliance shop from the downtown LA. And he had an offer to, if you brought in your toasters and your blender, if you do a real cheap micro chip change off to help you comply with the Y2K. Yeah. And it was hilarious. I get to get you to have to listen to him, I mean, are you sure? Oh, can I have a shameless request, Neil? Maybe. I've been trying to call you for so many weeks. I never get through and anything so hungry, maybe even the, what's the one that the Jews against the makers in hockey? Do you use a new year? Okay. Never get this. The Jews against the New Year's. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. The Jews against the New Year's. There you go. We're gonna play that? No. At least you said Jews. Yeah, the Kikes against the specs against the rocks against the New Year's. 5, 6, 7, let's have 400 Oprah lines here. They an hour and thirty minutes to kill. But let's put the ball game on early. What do you say? Come back and tell you my experience. And these people, the cats got their tongue again today, they got nothing to say about. They like to pull an inch moves it around they don't give a crap of all. What else is going on there? They're having a good time. They like sitting there and seeing that big posts up on the screen and acting like a bunch of jackasses and getting drunk. Maybe having a good time. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. We come back from Las Vegas, and it was really nice last week. Yeah, probably not so bad the week before either. Huh? No, I mean, we say at the seahers. Right. We're trying to just about the best of the weather. We went all the way to see the new one, the immemulate bay. Right. It's a brand new, you know, and it's pretty, you know, that, but somehow, you got no personality. I like to realize you, I was very unimpressed at gigantic, and they got all that heart on there somewhere, but just another big, sterile place. It did nothing for me, it allows you. The new ones, they've been going to open in a few days. The batteries, and the, the, the nation. Now, Paris isn't going to open in a few days. Isn't it November? The world will, well, we're going to open in a few days. But the nation, the nation's opening in a few days. Yeah. Well, it just keeps getting better there, you know, if you don't like when place you go to another one. A lot of people, though, a lot of fat people all over the place. A lot of fat people? Yeah. We're in trouble. Okay. Whatever you say, pal, I'm glad he had a good time. A lot of fat people in Vegas. Okay. Do you ever know this, sir? No. I notice a lot more fat people here than I see in Vegas. In fact, you can go speak into the macarina you want to see if that people go to panther hockey game you'll see more fat people in your section no matter what section you're sitting in just in the one section then you'll probably see it all of it. I don't see fat people. I see like in the end he's probably hang on the wrong places probably out with all of fat Mexican. Well, Mexicans are fat. They're either one of two things. They're very skinny because they're under nourished or they're very, very fat because they're again nourished poorly. Bad food, you know, bad diet, they're eating all at the starch. Other than Luis Miguel, if we ever seen a really well built in by the way speaking to know who is it that he's supposed to be hanging out with Nama Raya Kering? Is there anybody that she's not doing? Me. Seriously, and why you think that she's you would do Mariah Kering? Is there a few pictures of her lately? Not lately. Oh, one of the tabloids that I read in the plane had a picture of her at Luis on the Beast there in Acropoco. My god, I thought Jesus Christ, but we must have not have reached the way out there. She'll just pour it up. She's gross, she's really gross. I'd rather do Andy Kering before Mariah Kering. 560560, I'd rather do Hugh Kering. Has he dead by the way? Debt a reliable Hugh Kering. Remember him? From New York, was he the governor, the mayor who was something New York? 560560, Pond 560, the other 18th, he was a slime. Don't go to Vegas, you'll find too many fat people there. I don't think that guy says what? And if there are, did like there's a punch lies? One of your people, don't ask me, I don't speak his language. Whatever language you was speaking, I don't speak it. It was one of your people. And quick pick an on piano reads, okay? Just because he looks like a dead end, we're coonan and Sam the sham art promotion man. What? Like a mongolord, like Sam. Why not Lonnie Pop Little Boy? It's the musical show everyone's talking about. In their only area performance, the Vice Girls Tribute Band, this food's girl. If you wanna be a nice act right here, you gotta give me some food. They're here, they're hot and say love. Spoon. This is a food. This is a problem. This is when you need a little bit of food. This is good. Awesome, represents food. Love is everywhere. We believe in food. How a hell of a hell of food. We believe in food. That's a good food. We must do it. This food's girls in their only area performance. If you don't see this show, then you don't know Spoon. Sickening to load our poll question, how many years they have to have sex with somebody before you decide that you were being exploited? Huh? 200 years? How about 500 years? How about 157 years? Marisi says at the time I thought that sex was consensual, this was for 17 years, this went on. Now, when I look back, he says, when I look back, I don't think it was consensual. I don't care how well the student is, whether it's a boy or a girl, a coach who never has sex with a student he says. Just like Shelley Kennedy, or whatever her name was. You know about Shelley Kennedy, the hockey player with Graham James or Shelley Kennedy? Has a wife, you know? Oh yeah. And that the old fairy? Yeah, the wife, you know? Yeah. Oh, he was just in the backseat, he was sleeping all through it. He didn't know nothing. I mean, these are the most bizarre, and they put these in the newspaper like what a straight pussy. You know, like, yeah, this makes sense. Does the mechanism submit? No. Here's color red, yellow. Hello, that girl? Yes. How are you doing Neil? Great. Listen, I want to watch a complaint about broadcasts and violence baseball. If I'm not going to go to the stadium, or bid myself to watch him, why would I want to listen to it? That's the idea we want to give it the opportunity. You don't have to go especially since it's in New York anyway. You can't afford to go there right now. You can listen for free. That's a joke. And I want to talk to your program director. I want to kick his ass. All right, come on down. That won't double take about 30 seconds. By the way, nice desk in there, Bluff. Is this as the Duff desk coming yet? No. Proposal galore? No. Maybe James Bond stole it. Seriously, it had his name on it. Pussy galore. I walked right through this morning. I purposely looked in there to see if he was still sitting in there with little tiny table without pewter on it and all that other stuff. I mean, no, not there. No desk. It's only the 12th of April. This can be another one of our contests for the QAM audience. Take up an office pool. What date? What month? What year? Which lifetime? Even Shirley McClain is laughing about this. Which lifetime does Duff get the desk from Greg Reed? We can't afford no desk? We gotta keep paying Wayne and John Henry. And boy, if you think nobody wanted those marvelous bots before. Whoo! Way! No way! It's going to be unbelievable, is here. They can't draw flies. You know something what I did in my pants in Toronto with Eaton said. You could do that. Like the guy that went out there in his truck three in the morning on the middle of the street. Nature was called. He dropped a load in the middle of the street. You could do that right in the second base. They could have the whole organization just do a big. They could take a dump truck out there and try to take a dump. And they still couldn't draw flies. To it. Because nobody cares. Oh, but let's build a new stadium. You see how ridiculous this is. You see how in Congress it is. How alludical is nobody cares. But let's build a new stadium because then then maybe somebody will care. Will they care? No. No. In fact, you were people who come because who the hell wants to go to downtown Miami? They just don't want to get the message. The only people who care about Marlon's baseball and this listening audience had the one to Resent the fact that they keep preempting parts of the show for stupid ball games. Nobody cares about those are the only ones that we ever hear from. 560 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Coral Springs. You carry as a live and well. Mariah Carey yes. And the Harold did a faux pie yesterday that was unbelievable. Yeah. They printed a special section for Disney. Resorts. And you know, I didn't really pay attention. I'd put them not going to go to. I thought that on the floor and I went into the main section on page three. They had a reprint the entire front page. The Disney resort cover. Because the one that went out was only a proof. Full of errors. And they had a reprint the entire cover in color on page three. The main section. A right excellent. Announcing that it was a problem. I hope that they have a lot of sleep those nights over too. I'm sure we did need it. Maybe one of the last times we'll get some advertising. Excellent. Thanks for the good news. Bye. Anything that bad that happens. The Harold can only be. Good. An act of God. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We continue the search here. Pressing, pushing and plotting. They won't tell us why they go. They won't tell us when they can watch that. Swill on TV for free. Why they keep showing up? Why they keep driving from Palm Beach from day county, from off from Yenem's Well from Monroe County, from over there on the West Coast. What are they doing it for? Why did they show up? When they can see it for free. Better in a more comfortable environment. Without all that effort. When they can like turn it off anytime they want. They can avoid all the dead spots. I don't get it. Here's a mobile and Wellington. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm on the tries from Palm Beach. You'll see the games. Yeah. Come down and see you once. I don't know. Next year, I'm going to have to really seriously want to think about this. I mean, when you get to what a game, you feel like you've been entertained in other words enough to make it worth your while to a driven down. I feel like I've been over. That's what I feel like. Right. I feel lately. Yeah. Even on TV. I don't know what those people do in there. Why can't why will they not tell me what it is that they keep coming back for? I'm begging. I'm pleading. They will not tell me. Free T-shirts, too. That's what they're doing. They're not. But how many people get free T-shirts? About 10 of them during the whole game and all those little pucky kids get the T-shirts? Right. Hey, I heard there's 1100 people at a white socks game where we can do that. You're 1100? I couldn't believe that somebody told me that. Sure. If that's true, I'll have. I will have a sexual accident in my pants. I kind of. I kind of think maybe a pop and we're saying it's Toronto. I don't know if it's Toronto. I don't know if it's Toronto. I don't know if it's Toronto. They're not. I don't think so. Well, what? What? The only one I was thinking out there was the big black guy named Peter. I think for him Chris King didn't beat the crap out of him. Yeah. I heard his last comment last year and in person, but I didn't hear this. I believe that he's bringing the tape tomorrow and I just can't wait to get my hands on that. I can't wait to hear that. That's a two to a pair and Paul Beach. Remember where that price was? The capital price was in trouble from less than a people of all the years. Right. That same church guy hit by some vandal and these and kids robbed it. And they stole the place where they keep the got out. Jesus, Bobby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's blood and body and they're all freaked out because of all the first all. They stole it and they dropped out in the field and they just they just they just created his body. Well, God sure is doing a very good job of protecting his houses of worship. He's getting burned down and vandalizing stuff. He better get with the program and stuff. Once they're much about ball games. You know, my neighbors go to that church and they don't go to that often. I was informed that I informed them where we can and that happened. I said, listen, do you want to convince me that there's a God? These guys were having dropped dead right in the middle of that field. I believe tomorrow. I believe today right now that they're the God of that will have. If they just got dropped in their tracks out in the field, they robbed that thing. Okay. God bless you, sir. My wife wants to gang, but she calls it the back church. Okay. There you go. See. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. There's no fact in the church. Wireless line. How many years you have to be molested before you decide that it was wrong? You didn't like it. 110, 755, 2000, 1600. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You said that in the night. You're trying to say, shini hockey. But I guess you get a little flip over tongue. Okay. Thanks. That's what the guy said. Well, let's wait till the tape comes. All of a sudden now everybody's on his said, Denise, pot bad bad. Why can't everybody hurt it? I'll put a lot of guy called before he's got to tape. Nobody hurt it. Okay. Now everybody in the brothers and not only they hear it, but they all have a different version of it too. I feel really, really happy. Yeah. I mean, when you look up the words dumb frog, I've said this before, but it bears repeating like on a daily basis. Look up dumb frog in your dictionary, and there will be a picture of Denise pot bad, old number five. Five. They wanted to give my higher number of the islanders. You couldn't count that high. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in the West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I mean, Maria Carrey, you must have been looking at Rosio Donald, I think I've accident because I saw her on the talk tonight. I don't know if you're going to make it. Yeah, I can tell you what. She's hotter than an erupting. I'm going to tell you the pictures that they had in this tabloid. She looked, I swear, Beach's well will be embarrassed. That's how much he was. Yeah, but she was on a night walk show tonight. Yeah. She was so hot. I mean, if I had to shoot through there, I would be. Go to show him what that make up will do. I'll tell you. Oh, God. She's hot. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, so I don't think you have to worry about Louis. I think the road that you're going to say. And I think your path is clear. You're okay. All right. Okay. Good luck. Thanks for the good things that they keep by everybody's, uh, all in And there's another tabloid store, which I didn't bother reading because I, I, uh, my capacity for him, or wasn't that great at the moment after getting out of a snowstorm in Toronto yesterday unexpected. Roblo. Roblo are you are you for me with this? The portal video deal didn't work to try to convince everybody. So now he has a wife. You know Roblo has a wife. Are we buying that? No. Not for a second. 560560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Welcome. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. On Camille and regards to my act, Mariah Carey, I saw her at the Oscars The other day and she's a house. Looks like she swallowed a baby elephant. Yeah, that's what the pictures look like. She looked like she's ballooned up like somebody stuck up bicycle pump in her. Back to like she, she ballooned up the way default has. Oh my god. It's ridiculous. And by the way, I'm on my way to, uh, we've made a gun country right now. So if I see them to get all safe. Okay. I was on a tell me. Yeah, we could kiss for me. I was on a tell last week, but what was your dick on the, the debacle of a 911 debacle? The one? The 911 debacle with the Panthers. I was saying I'm not about what he means. The debacle was great. Well, for a floor to Panthers and that's what I am. But in the first Ronald Maple Leaf fans, which I am, it was great. Yeah. At least they two periods. It was five to one. The end of two. That was enough for me. And then I get back to the hotel. Turned on and find out the final score was nine to one. I said, come and we left. You got to love the Panthers. But the, uh, our Canada Center, they're all the same. They're all cookie cutter arenas. There's no atmosphere. There's no noise. They had the same cornwall clips on the screen there. They filmed clips. It was a bitter disappointment. And the seats that were in were got us sucked as well. Really. So. Well, okay. Neil. Thanks a lot. And have a great day. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Yesterday morning we have our, you know, breakfast, our brunch and JJ mugs there by the Eaton Center. I had my little experience in my pants. I was going to go back and, you know, freshen up. And all of a sudden a little bit later, it starts snowing out of the, you know, weather forecast at cloudy rain in the afternoon. Well, just a little bit off. Like about two inches of snow in about two hours. And everybody's freaking out. The New York Park gets all screwed up. I just want to say this, okay, because I can't stand Delta. I hate Delta. We're going through Cincinnati. We went up that way. It was supposed to come back the same way. And we go to the terminal three, it's terminal one. I'm sorry. There are a person report Delta. And everybody's backed up and every trend. We threw all the, everything's all backed up. Now planes lay the head like an inch and a half of snow. This is, this is Toronto. Okay, not the, my, my amy. I got understandably an inch and a half of snow on my amy. It might screw things up a little bit. Okay, it was like the world was coming to an end. But they were very nice once we finally got up to the counter. And we got on the American flight. Non stop out of Toronto, which was on time, or actually, I want to say it one more time. I know a lot of us were very pissed off of the American, even if we were flying them at the time during their strike. And rightfully so it was a grotesque thing. But like I told you last week, you fly wherever, whoever's flying where you want to go. That's all. You can't be that cheesy. If you want to go, you go with whoever's going. At the time you want to go. And I know Hank was talking about the fact that unless you run certain flights, you get based even in first class almost no food on American. That's so, we'll make correct. She's right about that. But wait, so pick a flight where they have a meal because the food on American Airlines, I mean, I'm going to tell you it's not good, it's sensational. For airplane food, it is phenomenal. God bless you American with your great food, even though the one that pilots strike sucks. That was bad. But you know, you got overlooked these things, right? To want a good meal. Had a turkey breast with zucchini, man, it was good. She won your hide in the miracle worker. Despite her handicaps. She left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audio tapes, found in a face-in somewhere in New Jersey. Death Jam Records makes available to you. Helen Keller, St. The Blue. The Blue. A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out a pound of sound. The Blue. To order yours, how do you pay for it? And call 1-800. Order now, and get a bonus that's for two months by Barley Matman and Johnny Ray. Okay, it's a 12-1 at 5.60WQM. We're just an hour and four minutes away from the Marlins and the Metz from New York from Shaste State. And number of my staffs and people out there that are sitting with Bated brothers. Is that gay on TV today, by the way? Is that televised? What's the morning please? Let's see, Monday. Let's take a look. Okay. And a chill, inch, injuries, cramped farm teams. I want to hit a dream last night. I'm not making this up. I had a dream that I woke up this morning and opened my sports page and said, Murray's both fired by Panthers. And then I woke up and it wasn't there, God damn it. Seriously, I dreamed that. Oh, God. And what do I woke up feeling like Woody? Where is the story? And where is the, where is something about baseball? Here it is. Broadcast TV, none. There you go. If you want to follow that Marlins Metz game, you've got to keep it right here. Any interest at all. Come on. Let's hear from somebody. It's going to listen back. Just one. It would make me feel like we're not going to lose the whole audience at 105. Is something we haven't either this morning? What about your QAM? Yeah, I'd like to ask for any of you. Marlins baseball center, oh yes. Hello? Speak to me, sir. You can do it. Marlins baseball center, yes. Hello? Speak to me, sir. You can do it. Is he twisting it? Is he ankle-it? He's ankle-it? Five, six, seven, five, six, fifteen, five, six, ten, ten, uh, mobile one line. See, I just made it up. There's really no dumb people out there. I just made that up because I'm a, uh, a nasty guy. A messy guy? Sure, was it at the Eden Center? I hope nobody found those underwearers. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello? Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I like going through the games because I like watching the games live. And then the old arena, it was great. And now this new place, I live six blocks from this place. Yeah. And if it all fires in Marries, I will not renew my tickets for next year. Oh! Great, good to go. Good to go. And that's the, you know, but I love it. Enjoy the games. See, I mean, I can understand if you've got good seats. Almost right at center ice in the arena. I have tremendous seats. But I, the people that sit like way up in the corners and then those little narrow seats. I wonder why they keep coming back. What is it? I mean, they really such great loyal fans, which I have a very hard time believing that. I mean, what is it that keeps bringing those people back? Well, I have great seats, but they're up top, but they're great seats. They, you know, that I can see the game. And that's what I want to see. I mean, I, I'm, I'm telling you, we had seats that were supposedly expensive seats in the Zercanna Center, Toronto, Saturday night. And the, to see what was going on in the other end, you have to have binoculars. I mean, it was just too far away. But I've walked around the arena and like, so I can see the go lights when they come on. And I can see everything from my seats. I see your seats. But it's just, that's a hassle now. It's just like it often seems to be came to hassle. The morning's became a hassle. Now the hockey's become a hassle. I will not renew if they don't fire the Murray. Excellent. My, my, GML come true, sir. I was, and it's Joe show on Saturdays. I don't even have an hour show. Yeah. Well, that starts in now. You know, everything is just, they're a small. Oh, okay. That's what I keep saying. Okay. I have a great day. Hi. Everything starts small, and eventually, like, maybe mushrooms up. Like a button mushroom. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm five, 60, on a mobile one line. Any interest in a metton, Marlins. Come on. Let's hear from some baseball people. Some people who can see you can smell that goddamn raw hide that leather. Huh? Can you smell it? Here's a lady mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I was fortunate enough to be listening when pot man said that the other night. He did pay it again. He blanked it. He gave. I have to know the room, and I screamed my husband, pot man. He said it again. He's an asshole. Wow. I'm believe one guy that guy has it on tape, but you can hear it. Oh, I can't wait for this. Yeah. It was great. That's good news. Okay. Yeah. The next pot man are more on of the month. Not just for April, but they month you pick. Any year you pick. He is a moron. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I mean, I can understand saying that when the game was over, that it was pretty shini or whatever sounds like that. Panthers getting wall up. 9 to 1. The biggest loss in the history of their organization, by the way, the biggest margin of the feed also. First time they ever gave up nine goals in the game. Leave it to the end. And you know, the sad part of it is if he didn't watch the game, well, maybe it was said if he didn't watch it. Was that in the first period, for most of the first period, like we've seen in so many other panther games, the least weren't the least bit interested in that game. They just, you could tell. They had no interest. And all of a sudden, you know, Panthers coughed up a couple real easy goals there at the end of the period. And then they said, well, you know, we do need the two points. We're trying to solve fourth place. Okay, let's kick their ass. And they did. Here's a mobile and Jupiter. Hello. Hey, the idea. Okay, sir. I think I can explain why some of these are all these are in and now are becoming so superficial. Because if you try to cater to a real hockey fan, like you or kind of I am too, I mean, how many fans are going to be there, especially in Miami? How about in Toronto? Why do they have to, I mean, they got the best hockey fans in the world there. Why do they have to bring in all those plastic stuff? All those prefabricated, contrived bull crap on a scoreboard. The Gene Hackman thing with a phony applause to try to get the graga. I mean, I'm sorry, but it just made me want to cry to see that. And to hear you're going to expect it because here are these people. That's what they go forward to contrived crap. There we go. That's the only thing I was thinking of Toronto. They shouldn't have do that. But around here, if they just cater to the real fans, we have a, and I'm going to tell you how to tell you. It's not working up there either. If anything, it's having a backlash because, I mean, that crowd has gotten so Comotos. Like I said, every time I jump up and cheer, I look around me and I thought, She's a better sit down. You're making the ass out of yourself. It's much like, hey, to say it, I definitely enjoyed watching the game in the old of my Marine of better than I do. Yeah, I agree. Absolutely. So anyway, have a good day in the meanwhile, your big set. You'll sped. All right, maybe he'll be in Vegas soon. That's where the fat people go. That's what we hear. You hear that? Pat people in Vegas. Have a funny part of that is. I mean, I like I started the city before, before I interrupted myself. And you go to Vegas, most patients, you see a lot of really beautiful people, like, especially in the MGM grand. Beautiful people, young people living in breathing people, people who actually like our human, which you don't see too many of those here. Really know, you have to really scour the countryside. Is he anyway that looks like a real, like I said, living in breathing for, but you know, nothing's perfect. We got that nice weather was 127 yesterday in the shape. Nothing like leaving a snowstorm in the middle of April with two inches of snow on the ground. And the temperature must have been right about 33 or 34 degrees, because it was like covering right in between. And coming in, you get on the plane of the pilot says, Oh, nice weather down in Miami, the current temperature is 94. You take isn't it bad for you when you keep those extreme temperature changes? Doesn't it kind of like me? Because I'm starting to like you a little frog, I just think about it. A little bit of a frog in my throat. Trying to think if I ever did have a frog in my throat. Nine minutes past noon, I wonder if I did any spoff in it, I ever had a frog in it. Well, you know, both of these. He has problems. If you've all grown grapes on from those great mafia movies, you'll flip over real mob hits. Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits. Like look at the ice pick, Fiamma, getting here is at the hundred and six street barbershop. Forget about it. Oh, who can forget, probably the fish, getting the old piano wire across the throat? That's a problem. If I remember correctly, it was a B flat. So what a real mob hits now. If you know what's good for you, just by dialing 1-800-BOT-A-BING. Real mob hits. Hey, it's real. Forget about it. 14 at 5.60, WQM, our poll question today for our guiding light viewer. So who should Michelle run off with either Jesse, that obnoxious greasy Puerto Rican, or that lovely Italian boy Danny? Who happens to have a little bit of a joint? It's just in the family. It's a family thing. Well, that's always getting really it's to get in my nerves. 5.60 almost as much as this one. 5.60, pon 5.60 on a mobile one. As usual, I have a very, very appropriate and excellent question. Something I'm wondering about myself. I'm asking myself, if I'm not trying to accept myself about anybody else, I'm asking myself, I admit I confess that I go to a lot of these games. And I wonder why. I wonder why I like DNA to Belmont, I wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder wonder why. What's the point? You can sit home and watch it on TV for free, for free. And if it turns out to be a bunch of crap, you know something else, you watch something else, you turn on anything else, your pop at tape and the VCR, anything. You stick a lotion in the basket, anything, whatever you want to do. And can these people answer? No, no. Can't answer it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. First of all, what is this button? Is it tough? Miami. Hello, Leo. Yes sir. I hear you. Okay. I heard that. I heard that. Hey, I heard you. You just came from Vegas too? No. No. No. No. Who the other call before was there? Oh, here's another room. Does it call a fat people out there? No. No. Beautiful. Very beautiful. Very beautiful. Very nice. Living in my life. A lot of people out there in Vegas, I'll tell you that. You're absolutely good. Whatever you're looking for, it's there. And even something that you're not looking for. It's there. Why not? Right. I didn't have a life till I went there. Right. Now even dream room though. I had real big dreams in there when I came back to this. 150 degrees in the shade. You're absolutely correct. It sucks here. Beautiful. Wait until the middle of July, it'll be 115 for real in Vegas, although 115 there doesn't feel more than like, that's about 110. I know. I know because it's so dry. I kept getting shocked all the time. It doesn't look like that. That's the first few times you go there. Get that electric shock. So keep your hands off it. That was a week. A week. A week. That's my name. That's my year. That dry year. I'll get to him. I love it though. I do. I like to dry here. I've been out there. June July has been 112. No no no no no no no no. Just do put nothing out in the sun all day and you know, fry your brains up. Like some of the people around here. You want to see some of the people came here this morning. Yeah, if whoever is a melanoma doctor out there. I'm going to get a whole of my friend Dr Stanley there. They're that said for dermatology and Hollywood because he's going to have about 10 patients in his place. Everybody around here looks like their faces read his abeats. They do people. Let me tell you, it was a very simple lifetime. Everybody should go out there. I'm really flower. You know what I even did now? I wouldn't talk to you all the time. The other thing you can do is you can. The other experience. Yeah. At the drinking room on the berabelle. The one? The drinking room is called a a print car. The other thing is drinking. Yeah, and all of this impersonator. It was beautiful. Yeah. That to the rosewood grill, drop your knee. Right. Drop your knee. And what did they say? These days there's a notion that you're one of a kind, maybe. Yeah, that's right. You're one of a kind. You know who the hell I am. He doesn't. It does. He means he knows the name, but he doesn't know who I am. He's a little bit more like a little bit. He takes care of you. They're all too. Yeah, right. What a BSR. This is what I've phoned you before. I never met a guy in my life. I took me back to the kitchen. I saw the big rosters got a picture with the rosters and everything. Right. The right man. It's a great place. But I'll be answering. They're still like roots crisp better. No, absolutely. I agree. I think they got two great roots crisp out there in Vegas. Yeah. No kidding. I didn't know that. That was the best in the world. I did it all. Man, I went everywhere. No, I did. I rocked all over the division. All of it was stradest for you. Yeah. That's a long one. But couldn't feel it because the one who was so great. Now I'm so pumped up. I'm still pumped up. Yeah, I can't feel it either. Okay, listen. I've got a great day. I couldn't feel it in Toronto this weekend. I was so glad they're in cool. Well, he is up north. Okay. Sometimes the middle. I probably have a little snow. That's the way it is. And then we get back to Miami. And you walk off the, you walk in it, Jet Wayne. All of a sudden, uh, uh, 170 to degrees. There were 10 30 last night of Miami International all by the way. That's our pull question. Which concourse do you think has most of the hanky panky going on Leave tonight? It might be international. I'd say American Airlines. That what is that? Concourse, um, see? Is that what it is? See? Well, I'm back to there's some wild stuff going on there. Late in that after the last plane has gone out and come in after the last pass of zero. So, uh, you know, going down the hallway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the mobile one. If I thought I would as soon as we're walking down the hallway last night, going to my car, I heard the, uh, of drills, pneumatic drills. By the way, Georgia admitted to me on a Friday that he has never seen a Glory hole in his life. Never. Well, that's what happens when you hang around in the carolinas in Montana. Here's the lady in Oakland Park. Hello. Hi, me, oh. Yes, man. I'm going to have a life because I probably will just keep the radio on and listen to the Marlins came today. You're the one, all right. There's one. I knew we get to mention it if we pump it enough. You know, I, I have even tickets to the Marlins just to season. So I guess I'm the only one. Yeah. But so, and why, now, why do you have tickets to the Marlins games? I enjoy baseball. Yeah. And I guess that's why you go to the hockey games. You enjoy hockey. Yeah, but I'm not seen very much. Well, no. I'm serious. Most of what I've seen this year has been so painful that I wouldn't categorize it as going and really seeing an entertaining hockey game. I enjoy hockey, but I don't want to see a crap. Well, that's kind of what we're getting on the baseball field now. Right. You know, you don't want to play. You just hope that sometimes you'll see something good. Yeah. That's how the way I look at. Okay, have a great day. I always hope for seeing something good. Okay, look at this two lines left on the board. Here, a coma inducing a crowd again today. Again, can it be possible? But these people are even deader than those people are receiving an air Canada center around me, who all looked like Rip and Winkle on a bad day? I mean, it was kind of like they were afraid they might irritate you if they made any noise. Like two polite, two polite. Say something, maybe there was one group of guys. Go leave, go. They were trying to get the crowd pumped up and forget it. I mean, granted it was the very website of game very shortly after that. First of all, after the first period. But I mean, get into it a little bit. We're having a great year, baby. Fourth place, playoffs. You can smell it. It's great. Steavy Sullivan, four goals. Comotos. Tell me too much. No, is Mr. A. Oh, sorry. Five, six, seriously. All these people walking by you up there. And if I ever heard the word sorry, more times in my life than I did Saturday, people with the food and people passing the visas and the master cards, and back and forth and around and about. Sorry. Sorry. That's all your thoughts. Sorry. Here's a mobile in the book. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. Big fan of both hockey and baseball go to them and just give them a fan number one. Fan of one. You mean the sport? A athlete. Competitions. Even though it's not an elephant. A fan of athletes. Even though it's a healthy competition, it's the best we got. On Hell, we will. If you can't go for a healthy competition, go for on Hell. Open something. Right. Number two. Urgue critiquing stuff, Florida is not to people. Not nothing. Many people that are pulsing in a live. No. There's a great, a great disproportionate percentage of the people here who are really grow test-looking including myself. I mean, I just want to tell you what you mean. I'm sure there's a lead to it. After watching a talk program, I'm surprised that you could watch him. Watch him. Come in yourself. After watching one. After watching your television program, I was surprised to hear that. Come out of your mouth because, you know. Well, this because somebody is ugly. I mean, you're all in good looking. Yeah. Something like that. No, no, no. You're wrong about that. Everybody has taste. You don't have to be a gourmet cook to enjoy a great meal. You don't have to be beautiful to be able to spot a beautiful person. If you're complaining about a soft Florida look, what the beef is. Yeah. You're not making it anymore attractive. But I'm not going anywhere, see. Okay. Not only that, but it's the lack of excitement when you're in your, between your radio program and the TV show. Is it a ride? I'll do a quick statement about life. You've seen some things so bummed all the time. I'm not from that all. Well, here's the guy that watched the TV show and listen to the radio show. It is also making the effort to call me today. Why did you watch him? Why did you listen? Here's exactly why. I sent you a letter and I sent you a book. The signature guy. Did you read it? It's all your questions. No, no, no, no, no. You're religious nut. No, I mean, I'm not. Yes, you're religious nut. You're another, you're another, you're another, you're a little nut. Sir, my God, Cox, a hoist. Okay. Here's another guy that's tried to save me. He's going to say he likes following athletes. You know what they call that, don't you? 567560, palm 560 on the mobile one line. Sir, I'm not going to read your book. It's in the circular file long since it's been burned in a dumpster somewhere. And not interested in being saved or having somebody. I'm not an unhappy person at all. I travel over the world. I have a great time and I just explain that. I just talk about what the real life experiences are. Like, I'm not a fan of you. I'm not going to lose any sleep over to cry about it. It happens. Okay. You know what the news pot fan says? Crap happened. Dr. I. Oh, yeah, he sent me a book. That's why he watches the TV show because he's looking out. He wants to save me for myself because I'm so unhappy. The only time I'm unhappy, sir, is when I talk to assholes like you. The only reason they're killing each other over there in a US lobby is because of assholes like you. All over the world, the only reason we have all this hatred and suffering and intolerance is because of assholes like you. They want to convince me, sell me some billigood, some pile of crap, some stone age garbage. Okay? Not interested. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. You look things up by May. Yes. It is true that Anne Bush bishops, good friend, Sandy Schumer, Cookies, Patent, is history at Waxi. I'm surprised that so many people who have noticed it because who they are, listen to that crap. And I think it is possible that the geriatric Sam, the Gomer, good friend of Larry King, Guyson, Maybe or read it. Okay, well, Grant, I hope you enjoy listening to Waxi 790, sir, because you sound right in there, median demographic about death plus 10. We don't care. Don't you understand? It's like the people are calling us from the West Coast, over and over again by that big fat lobster. We don't care. We do not care. Just like the people who want to rehash the light bulb and Mr. Ego this and all is a Joyce Kaufman that nobody cares. That's not the audience we want. We don't want to talk to any of those people. Okay, ever, ever. Baby sitting dead people. I did that for like 15 years. Okay, 10 years. That was enough of that. Now I'm just babysitting goofy people, which is a lot more entertaining. And then the school religious guy too is the one talking about how ugly I was, too. Thank you sir. And God bless you. See if if there were a God he would make anybody look like this. We'd all look like that guy that called the animal he looks like. Right? We'd all be beautiful if there were a God. But God of course being the sadistic past that he is. He made some people look really, really good. And some people look really bad. I'm the one, okay sir. They come as a shock to you. I'm doing this fine. I would love to keep you all to myself. There are ladies. I love you remember me. When I was the guy who's how you said I'm fire last to you. God I miss you. Even though you blew up my car, caught on my hair off. I miss you girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this myth? No one's gonna make a week's month. I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I loved you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know. I'm not dead yet. Fear of landings. I want to tell you that. The guy who saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He kind of looked in talk just like me. But that surely, surely coincidental. I was nowhere near that place. I love you too much. Who's look at anyone else. Fear of landings. I had a dentist appointment that day. And I was nowhere near the sharing of metals. It's so tell. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me. So good. With all those grandly sads all that body. And think of my let me out in the pit. Whatever you say, book of brands and you're getting a solid really depressed. 1231 at 560 WCM. We have only 34 minutes to go until Marlon's baseball time. Baby, are you fired off and pissed up? How's that go? Pist up? If I're not. WCM. I was afraid of that. Dr. Mark here. What do you mean you were afraid of that? I was afraid of that. I was going to be driving and commencing this morning. I don't know what he's doing in there. He's looking to a bunch of crap. You're only doing a radio show, but he's, you know, I'm actually around there. What? He called her while going said you were going to come over. What? I'm going to run out of the office. I may be 15 minutes later than that. Oh my god. I'll just take my sweet time then. That's what I want you to do. I'll get through it to a clock. You got it. Okay. He's gone. See, he don't want to listen. Hey, listen this time. He's going to take the test that I want this time. And we're going to do this thing. All right. Then we can look forward all the rest of the week. Getting those test results in for people who keep track. A little tired of it at home. All they do. They keep track, baby. Especially that good religion. That's called a little while ago to tell me how I'll react. And about how he sent me the book to save me from mal whatever. Save me from assholes like him is what I need to be safe from. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's my enemy. Hello. Yes, sir. The only team in town was got a shot. Make the play off. We're not talking about who I was going to make the play off. Okay. Oh, you're a bandwagon jumper. In other words, whoever's going to make the play off. So you follow bandwagon from wanting phony jackass. I'm not interested in a bunch of seven foot sparsons. Shat is slam a jaminate. Okay. Go slam a jaminate in your echo. None of my face. Boring third burger. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Obviously, ask the question today. That's a little bit too complex. A little bit too difficult for asking people why they go to these places. Okay. I know that's a little bit of a tough question. Like if I were standing up by the escalator there at the macaroon, when did I and I stopped all these people saying, why are you here tonight? What did you come for? What would be the answer to your question? The game is on television free. Why are you here tonight? And they would go, you know how they would go? Eeeeh. Like that. I keep asking all these things that they can't answer because, you know, some of the, they don't know the answer themselves. They don't know why. Here's Kate Coral, hello. You know, let me have to your list of the fact professions. I consider myself the only straight member of this particular profession that's funeral directors. Really? Particularly in Broward. Why didn't know that? Oh, my God. They're everywhere. You know, I have a problem with it, right? But yeah, they seem to be attracted to, especially not sure why. Maybe staring at others, old naked men all day. Maybe staring at sticks, yeah. But yeah, they seem to be a lot of gay people and funeral directors. And now we do have to arrange a lot of flowers. But I'm not sure if that's the usual. Maybe those panties might have come in handy. But they're attracted to that, so put that on your list. Okay, thank you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, and a mobile one line. Not that he's one. You do understand. Do we believe him? Here's a mobile and a pop in, oh, hello. Yeah, three words for the week. We don't care. Listen, did you catch anything? What about that mean? I agree. Somebody called, they call it as a most ridiculous crap. It's unbelievable. Oh, you mean, we don't care about what he was saying. Yeah. Well, he's only about two weeks. He talked about three weeks behind now. Yeah, I mean, that show was like, you said this. Oh, that's your 1987, I think? You know, life. Anyway, 42. Listen, Neil, every time I call you, he's gone talk and listen. Let me tell you this. Did you catch any of that Pittsburgh game yesterday? No. I'm telling you, better it off. I didn't realize how dirty this guy was. He slapped the stick of a foreign-me's wrist. He broke his sticky hit himself. So hard, and it wasn't even a penalty. Yeah. I mean, this guy is unbelievable. And I'm brass, so back in that he looked good. Yeah, I know that. Pittsburgh and Toronto. I don't like that match up a lot of letters. I did for a little while. I want to do that. That's not going to be the matchup in the playoffs. I don't know. I don't know. You think the big ones are going to finish this? Yeah, well, they got the Rangers. They got the Rangers and the Islanders out of their next three games. Yeah. I believe it's really got to play Buffalo. I know that. Yeah, so one of those guys getting points. And don't forget Buffalo's got four games left. You guys only got three games. Buffalo's got four games left. Well, personally, I hope it's Pittsburgh and Carolina. I'd love six spots. I'd love to see that. Yeah. But if you guys, if I'm you guys, I'm written for Buffalo to move up ahead of Philly. Why is that? I'm still a scary. I mean, they're being dumb. I would suggest you that Buffalo's probably got a little bit better goal-titting than Philadelphia. I could be wrong about that, but I don't tell you. You could be right as usual. Right. Could be right as usual. I will not. Well, it was a bit. We're happy just to be in fourth place, pal. We'll take it. If we're all these lean years, we're a thrill. And enclosing this on and bigger on your douchebag. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're just a half hour away from Marlon baseball time. You can smell it in the air. If Simon is so thick, you can cover with your big toe. How can you feel it? You smell it? Here's a mobile and bureau beat, chill out. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, I think I got an image thing going to these games for some people. If you feel like you know, they're obligated to go. You're right about that. I feel like I've been obligated to go. In fact, I don't think I'm even going to go by the going when. Why should I go these last two games? I mean, the quality of what I'm seeing in the whole team's injured anyway. What's the point? What am I going to accomplish as though I have some kind of obligation to somebody to be there because I got to tickets? What's the point? I've been, I've lived in New York, I've lived in Cleveland, I've been to some games and good fans. I came down and I'm a big dolphin fan. And I even had the opportunity to go to the Super Bowl. Big heights. That's all I was. Yeah. I was disappointed. It was like. And the Super Bowl's not for the fans anyway. It's for all the, you know, hot shots. I think it's all the big issues. I mean, I was like, I was way up top in it. You know, I didn't matter. I was there. I was the one kind of life top. I mean, there's, there's an event. I mean, professional football, television and football. It's a marriage made in heaven. That's why the NFL was lucky as it wasn't got to be where it did was because of television because it is perfect. In fact, it looks better on television by far than it does in person. And I'm afraid they, okay, you're crap it out. And that's the truth. 560, 50560, Tom 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah, they don't want to, people from the macaroon, they don't want to admit it. They don't want to admit they're there to be seen and she moves with their friends. They couldn't give a crap less. What the score is? Who the teams are that are playing? They don't know the names and 90% of the people that's before all the injuries by the way. And now forget it. They don't want to admit that. But like I said, I'm going to start the NFL for a lot more selective. And if people are going to call say, well, you know, you didn't show up for this game. You know what? Tough crap. That's my business. Too bad. Tough potatoes. Like I have some kind of obligation written in my, you know, on my forehead. That's his, oh, you know, you must attend otherwise you're not the, the maven or whatever. I don't give a crap. People going to places where they seem to have less than no interest. Just to this guy and like I said, the air can of the center in a city where they live Breathe and eat hockey where they sleep with it where they have a puck deep inside their. Right. Sometimes things and these people were like, most of the game. At least in my section, course leave it to remember to put me in the dead section. Oh, it's only five rows below below the air Canada club. Yeah, like way up in the, uh, boom doc's up there. In the red seats. I got, I got, I got, I got red eyes just from trying to squint to see what was going on the other end of the whole game. I know there's somebody way down there. I think there's a goalie in the net way down the other end there, huh? Sorry. 21 before one man, we're creeping up on it. You had, like I said, you can smell it. Marlins baseball. There's a big big heaping pile of Marlins baseball coming in a second. We don't want John Henry to take it personally as he wants to. They don't care. They're not interested. They're not going to show up. They don't care. And all those extra Cubans that we're going to come out for Alex Fernandez. Nice going there yesterday, baby. Who the hell are you kid? They forgot that they hold the big cock twice in highly every Sunday. Can they compete with that? No. No way Jose Maria. There's a few of them all in Steve. They're a really music loud. No. It's check my penis with crack cocaine. To point them out, raise your hand up this gate so lets you. Some two blackness balls to make it and let no one do gay. And they're gotta roll this one through 300 degrees in the car. There's a row. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. How 43 or 560 wqm as we move precipitate toward the top of the hour. 105. Exactly. Straight up and down. We got the Marlins of the Met in New York. Our pregame show. Hank, will be on from surelust, take two. After the game. I'll talk about six o'clock. Good luck to him. Big bad Josh Friedman, and Jason from 6 to 7 and 7 o'clock Panthers, pregame Panthers at Ottawa to take another Sholacking tonight, game time 730. WQAM. Hey Neil, what's up? How you doing sir? I'm a lobster buddy. You're a one? I'm a lobster. Meaning what? I sat right field, watch that malls game yesterday. Miniac. Let me tell you. Okay, and let me ask you this, they said 14,000, so I'm going to think that that was accurate how did it look out there. I appreciate you in the square with so big. Yeah. Let me tell you something, they should be able, if you sit in the light field, you should be able to bring umbrellas in your cause that is a damn torture man. And then he's all this is only not even the middle of April yet. I only hear you should be able to bring a leasing umbrella to cover yourself because you will get skin cancer, sitting there for a full season. There is no doubt about it. There is no doubt about it. If you're not hearing anyone's public support for a drum stadium, you should start in right field, okay? Or get the money from the dermatologist to South Florida. There you go. This leasing brought to you by the dermatologist to South Florida. And maybe they can have the American leasing sponsor of the new stadium. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't get him first time calling for Fort Myers. All right. If you're listening to you, show, I love it. Keep it up. You've got me in the hockey now. Yeah. Going over to walk to Florida, Everblades. The one? The Florida Everblades. Everblades? Yeah. International hockey league. Okay. Going to come over here and watch it. You know. All stadium? Yeah. I know you're going to come to Fort Myers. I don't think you really want to. I might even go to the... I'd rather the bees leaves if I were over there. I don't want to see them. I know what you mean. After living in Miami for 37 years, I was dumb enough to come over here. But I'm here. So what am I going to do? Yeah. That's about to let out. I don't know if you go. I'll make you appreciate here. Well, I don't know. When I come back over there, I can't leave fast enough. Okay. Like I said, this is the only place you can visit that would make you appreciate over there. That's about the next way it goes. Okay. Jim, I'll go Blades Go. Go Blades Go. And have a two in that. Okay. And have a great day. Whatever you say. Want to see the Blades? No. I have an 0.560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and high-lea hello. By the way, Booker Brian was looking for the crown on a way to the Marlon game today when he was coming down from Boka. Didn't realize the game is in New York. Mobile and high-lea hello. Going once. Going twice. Let's go get out for the cut by. Here's a mobile and bokeh hello. Hey Neil. Okay, sir. I call you around a month ago to tell you about the fixed races at freehold. Yeah. The three drivers will found guilty yesterday. I need to break the news, sir. But George Brennan, you know, again, I don't believe you because George Brennan has been driving in the middle of the land. No, he's not going to be. He has been a Neil. Yeah. Special thoughts today. Yeah. Okay. They're bought from freehold. They're repealing at the six months of the spend. Well, when they're barred from freehold, what about the middle land? Because the freehold is a privately owned track, the middle land, the state-owns part of it. While they appeal, they can still drive at the middle land. Yeah. They'll get out of the house if they lose the repeal that bought from the middle land's two for six months. For six months. Yep. Also lots of big deal with that. You know, and not only that, and in freehold, get the keyboard and money they didn't pay out to the patrons. Great. So, you know, the wood. And Jack Lee will probably come back and want a piece of it. Well, the carnal's coming, too. Okay. We'll post you later. Whatever you say. Oh, God. 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line is we continue our search. It's a never ending. It's an ongoing search. For years and years we've been searching and looking and squeezing and grasping. Have we found it yet? No. Here's a mobile and adventure, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I've spoken to you a couple times in the past. I still love your show. I want to talk to you a little bit about the sports. I'm a little bit on the list. I'm on the line. Sports. You've been talking about how this is not a sports sound. I agree with you 100%. These people down here think. Why doesn't it have to be a sports sound? See, that was what I've made the point I made before. Why doesn't it have to be a sports sound? First of all, the median age here is 100. So why should it be a sports sound? Exactly. And that only has been animaled. People in the only sports that you're about cock fighting and stuff like that. You want to go to American sports? I'm going to go to the real city of Cleveland. I'm going to go. Why would I want to go to Cleveland? I'm going to go to Cleveland. I don't want to go to Cleveland. If you're going to take a few? No, I don't want to go there. I wouldn't go to Cleveland if you paid me by the minute. What's the hell I'm going to see there? I was born at my hometown. Oh, my only days my birthday. Okay. We'll have you birthday, Mr. No call us again. Please. Woo! Okay. We got 16 minutes to kill until baseball time. Are we going to do it? No. I don't think so. Been a real dicey Monday here. I'll take that. They just don't want to fess up. They will not confess their sins on this show. Why they wasted time and they could sit there on their fat ass. Having a great time and join themselves. Be comfortable. And they go out there and they create all that traffic and they go to these places and they get ripped off and pay this wild or extravagant amount of money. And they go see a product to say second rate would be a major over statement. Okay. Or understanding and depending on how you look at it. A tenth rate product. And leave their bitching and morning and grubbler. I hear them all the time on the way out of the arena down there. That's going to be their bitching and screaming. If you, you guys, you suck it out and it keep coming back. Just like me. We're about to mess with you. Just like coming back to this place all the time. At least there's a paycheck waiting at the end of the rainbow. That's the only thing to come back here for. And to go to camaraderie with all the nice people that work around this job. Not as nice people here. Josh Friedman. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Well, I'm with the restaurant. You don't need to try to open me some flam. What is flam? It looks like it's not slime. It's not there. You think it's good, but it's not fine. Okay. One call left on the board. Here we go. 15 minutes. I can understand we directed the top of the hour when you got the Marlin baseball again. Come on. I would have met that nobody in her right mind would listen. But here we got 15 minutes to kill and that's it. That's the, that's the cruxier material here on a Monday. 5, 6, 7. I'll let you do the last 15 minutes. Okay. I'm talking about that fact you were talking about on a key in a Reeves. Quick pick it on him. Okay, just because he looks like what's his name that you hate. Don't say for them. No same. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. George has got to think against Venezuela. In fact, anybody that isn't Cuban George basically ain't too crazy about. Here's a mobile and highly, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Can you feel the heat in your house? Yeah, feel the, get out of here, Sam. See, that's the problem. Be it up here on the third floor. Okay. Go back to some work. I know that's not a neuro cannular. Go to something productive. Also not your vocabulary and close the door on the way out. Sam. See you, Drew. Your friend, Gianni. Here's plantation. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. Why do these people complain about sitting in the heat there for the mallins? The doffins play in September. One o'clock in the afternoon with 72,000 people there. You won't see me out there. Same fun. You won't see me out there. That's right. If they're on the sunside, that's sitting there baking their brains out. Take it out. Even with all the people. Even with all the poor clock games. You spit your guts out. You're not right. Absolutely right. You're right. Pits and over there. And then these people, they don't even know what they're doing there. They don't know. They just get sucked into it. It's the American, if in way. Somebody convinced them that this is what life is all about. They're in Lala land. These people. They have a good point. And back to you. I mean, I come back here. I could have told you, boy, that crowden Toronto. Those people were great. And that arena was really the atmosphere in air was fair. And that wasn't either of the above. It was depressing. It was a gigantic, I mean, unbelievably depressing situation for getting about the game, which I love the course. It was a bit about that. I mean, not anything like what I thought it was going to experience. Like being in a time warp. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile online. We keep, we'll keep plugging along. We'll make it towards the top of the hour. We'll get up there to that goddamn ball game, or the luck it or not. Because guess what, it's common baby score score. It came to. We had that one lady. It's always a lady. It's always some broad out there. Oh, yeah. I'm going to be listening to my own lady. I'm not talking about women, okay? We don't have any women listening anyway. We had women listening. We'd have a 30-year. We had two watchy. They're two watchy. We keep watching. They're two busy watching that crap on. We'll watch in Jerry Springer, and they'll watch it all at Slym on their on TV. Jenny Jones, watching people blow on each other's brains out. All that's all those snuff shows on TV. I used to watch him, but I finally said that's enough. 7-4-1 at 560, WQM. See, I could actually kill the time in between here and go to the doctor, but I can't eat. That's the problem. He knows that, too. I can't eat for them. We're going to do blood test. So I can't eat. You can't eat. You can't eat. My family. We've got a day. So I'm gonna do our... How I love to wake up, little kid, and that is why I become a singing lesbian. And I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer. the boat that's going to get depressed. Oh, Tom, show that. What about you to do? Gonna know me up there. Well, no, yeah. Just while just wild in there, all of this, that depressing guy from Florida again. I'm gonna know who you are. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, how are you? OK, sir. There's a long time listener. You have a great show. Yes, I did. Back me up. Listen, I want to know what your team wants. I'll just talk about that. That's nothing I can do about it. I want to know what your team is. I hear you criticize and cut down funnel office and coaching of our more. The following are answers, our dolphins, credit card. I'm going to do it. You want to sign on why? You criticize about it is just say the heat and pat Riley. They seem like they're such a cool guy. I'm not interested in the heat. So I couldn't care less. I couldn't care the little least bit and pat Riley. I want to watch your pep right on that Riley. I don't have an opinion. Sure you don't. No, I don't. There's always sports team that we all did again. I couldn't care less if I tried. I don't care. No, I will not. And I won't. OK, and you can continue baiting and baiting and baiting. And that's debating whatever else it is you're doing. Sir, and to play in your game, I'm not interested. I don't give a crap whether they're run well. This isn't a sports show number one. In case you have a notice, it's not an FN sports show. And sports nerds like you, that's all you can talk about. Shame on you, sir. Let me say it again. Pat Riley listens to the show. He knows basketball sucks. He knows it's a big bunch of seven foot freaks. He knows it's a pile of crap. He loves the show. Because on the one-grine estate, that's got the ball to tell a lesson. It's about that crap. And thank God for depot this morning. Finally, grew a little pair over the weekend. Maybe you got lucky this weekend with a Zon again, off again, marriage. And again, out in the again, marriage. Talking about the draft and all the idiotic draft mix out there. And he's silly no life people. And they can make a big, like this is some kind of a sporting event. Like it's some kind of an activity. Something that people with a brain out of the interest in it, which we know it's not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Issue you went through a couple weeks ago. You kind of counter-dick in yourself, your pal. About what? You said that you tried to go to the hockey game, see, and there were people sitting around either given their tickets up, they're not showing up. And then you sit here and you talk about, you're not going to go anymore and you've had it. I've been saying I'm not going to go anymore. I said I'm not going to go to the last two games. Neil, come on. Sir, are you looking? Can you have a conversation? No. Is that possible? Oh my God. Okay. Another asshole. Another asshole. I'm asking you, sir. I'm asking you why do people go if they don't find it entertaining. And what I'm saying is that it hasn't been entertaining for a long time. And to feel like I'm obligated to go to the last two games, I'm probably not going to go. Is the racing country to talk about that? No, there is not. And I've asked a million times by the way, I'm not contradicting at all. I've asked the Zillion times during the course of this season why people are going to that macaroon. Since they don't even have an interest, I have an interest in the team in the sports, at least when I do go, I have a reason why I go. A legitimate honest to God reason. That's just a sit there and smooth around and be seen by people and walk around and stand up in front of everybody else and act like a jackass. But you can't have a conversation. Can you? No, you can't. Oh, I sure got you. Go back and put it on a chart on your cheek. Okay, sir. Here's the thing, you're hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Good. Neil, my question to a lot of these people down here. What is your question, sir? My question is all these people down here that don't like it here. And brag about Cincinnati and brag about New York and brag about Canada. It would be nice to see them all hidden north of fine 95. Yeah. That's all. Okay, that's original. That's original, sir. Take the flag within. And don't leave it or whatever that old bumper sticker goes. That's original. Maybe a lot of these people have a point. Do you ever think of that, sir? No. No. Maybe people like you are the reason that some people are unhappy with it down here. Do you ever consider that, sir? No. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. Great. I'm not listening to the whole show today, but I just have a couple of little topics for you. A couple of little topics? A little bit. A minute and a half to go and you're interested in it. Okay, really quickly. So, there are any answers. It's generally, it was no. Because the heat, the answers. Here's a mobile and cross-spring, tell us. Yes, sir. Yeah, you don't. I heard about Rick Riley than Pat Riley any day that we can. I mean, I want to think about Rick Riley, yes, sir. I'm from Boston. Yeah. And I went to the new fleets that are up there. And I was very disappointed. Right. And the whole program, that's right. And a lot of empty seats too, because it's prefabricated. Please, people don't understand what I'm talking about. I've been trying to convey a message here all day, and you're, we finally get to the end of the show. You're the first person that I was when I'm talking about. You know, because the seats, they used to go straight up in the air, and he was sitting right on top of the Rick. But now they've got them situated where you really, yeah, it sucks to be able to get any more. Yeah, you can't see a goddamn thing. You were million miles away. All right. Well, I've blessed the boss of Rick with anyone. Okay. Well, I'll need it. I'm blessing. We're doing okay. We got that famous in us. Okay. That's going to do a scene. And I won't do what they want to do. They don't like the message. So that's a attack to messenger. We can't really. We can't discuss it with you because we don't have the capacity to do that. Because it's a very reasonable and logical and rational thing that you're saying. We can't do that. So instead of that, we'll attack you because we like doing that. And you know what? I couldn't give a flying crap less. How do you like that? You like it? Good. I do too. And have a nice F and D. Oh, my God. We got a baseball game. We're just trying to get and look at that moment. We got an, we got an, we got a call on there. And now we got to get there a lot of here for our dumb ball games. So deal Roger show on 560 WQAM my Emmy Fort Latter.