Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Port Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dated rarer or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guest's co-alars are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-200 W2AM. Oh, Alan so you're so big hello. This is the Esther role, I've played Florida on the hits your good times and since not the visuals ran out over 20 years ago, I've been helping other brothers and sisters find their way with the psychic knee-grown network. He wealthed them your calls because nobody has a better understanding of black oppression that's why you don't even need a credit card. It's just like granting your TV. We'll gladly build it right here phone. Negro fogic standing by right now at 900 guinea omelettes to take your call for the low price of only 799 alivates. Why they can tell you if that banner y'all is leaving. Oh, it's the already left. And if the reds at all of these stringy or tender, so let the psychic knee-grown network guide you down the primrose path of bogus prophecy. Don't you call my friends? So what did London Robertson say about all that he'd you got this morning? From home baby, come play with these cities. It's 10.02560 W2AM happy a wednesday to him. And I'm telling you, this Tony Martin thing and we'll have the verdict immediately. It's not so good or how do you like that? Oh, that's right. We got our crack staff. We got 50,000 guys down there at the courthouse waiting for the jury to come in because for whatever reason. I don't know what it is. All these other gangsters. I'm not talking about people just accused of things, but people that have been convicted of things never seem to bother anybody in this town. And how many yes comebacks, Jimmy Johnson signed up. But the Tony Martin thing, the weather's been convicted yet of anything. And as far as Linda Robertson's concerned, you know, I guess it's something to kill some good time, but why would anybody waste their time with her? She's a dumb bitch. Marino degrades himself. Linda, you ever hear something called a character witness? Oh, so what I said yesterday is very simple. It's amazing how I can take something and simply, you know, simplify a doubt of a couple of words and all these people. But I felt like there's something complicated about this. It happens all the time. All kinds of trials, people around trial for what they're never and the prosecution calls in one group of people to say, oh, they stole a freight train and the defense calls in character witnesses to say, oh, you're wrong. They never stole a freight train. Maybe a caboose, but not the whole train. And that's the way it works. Character witness. You got to Linda. Oh, it's dumb bitch. Go back and bake cookies, okay? I don't want to sound like a sexist pig, but this business of women covering professional sports or any other kind of sports. It's a joke. All these idiots, they're big on it on Nesson. New England sports network in Boston. They even got a female PA announcer up there. Sounds like crap, okay? Stick to, you know, stick to whatever you do best, which is definitely not covering sports because you don't know what you're writing about. We know degrades himself by supporting Martin again. The assumption being that even though we don't have a verdict yet, Tony must be guilty of all these things that he's been charged with. And if Danny Boy goes there and said, hey, never stole a freight train, that makes him into a bad guy. And if it turns up at Martin's Gilly, that makes a then Reno bad guy. You're a dumb bitch, okay? Linda, that's the way to sum it up for this down. It's about all the verbiage. I just heard the last 15 minutes to the worst team. And from the way it sounds, I guess they've been on it all morning long. I don't get it. What's the point of dignifying a dumb bitch like Linda Robertson who has got no business, but then again, this very jackass had business writing to sports column. Oh, broadcast in column on anything. Oh, so what do you, what are you so surprised about? It's a crap news paper. So there's your column, Linda, okay, a little tiny pieces and I wouldn't waste any more time with it, dumb bitch. God. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, they're all incensed and better than shit. Just consider the source. Consider the source and believe me, nobody, they didn't sell one extra news paper today because Linda Robertson wrote that column. Nobody goes out and buys a newspaper. She I hate to break the news to you. But if you're going to put newspapers out on the newsstands, when those vending machines and people are going to go and buy them, it's because you splice something on a front page and make it a way, since they should sell it. And then, not on the front page of the sports section with her pussy on it. You know what I'm saying, Linda, come on, baby, come play with these titties. Yeah. So there you go. Shabba where the moon don't shine and stick to what you know best. Like I said, maybe bad baking brownies, maybe fudge. Like what's your name, fudge, a brown there with the Adolphin? Kind of a name is in anyway. But I've always wanted that. No Harvey Green. That's he's not a very good guy, but that's a name. You know, it's like a normal name. But that whole thing about fudge brown. So where you fudge back here makes you wonder, doesn't it? So anyway, in Newswick Magazine, and I don't want to spend more than two or three hours on this. Since this is a topic, a lot more people ought to be talking about them, whether or Linda Robertson ought to be writing some crap into my mehirl. Here is the big story about George W. You'll okay, demand to beat. And only read one paragraph here, not even a whole paragraph. And then you make your own decisions as to whether this man is a hypocrite or not. And as to whether somebody's got a right to ask him any of these questions. In 1997, George W. Boystein, the measure authorizing judges to give jail time to people convicted of possessing or selling less than one gram, one 28th of an ounce of cocaine. Texas sentencing guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such small quantities. So another is he made it stiffer and the penalty too. So who knows how many people are going to the slamer for possessing a teeny tiny amount of cocaine in the state of Texas? So I think it does make it relevant as to whether he was ever a felon and broke the law. Maybe that has nothing to do with your perception of whether he's qualified to be president or not, but as to whether he's a hypocrite. Just mentioned that in passing didn't make it up. It's right there in Newswick Magazine that it's newsweek. It must be right, right? Here's a letter to the editor. Is this the sun there? This is the scum sentinel. And it's just, it's just, it's hysterical. It's not a good letter. It's not even a bad letter. It's just a hysterical. From a guy who must be 100 years old, William J. David and Willton manners, who says, media messing up. That's the headline they put on the letter. He says, good old 10 Williams 80 years old God bless him. Oh, anyone who saw him come out and be greeted by players like Cal Repkin, Mark McWire, can graffiti Junior the name of few. There was your real news story. The expressions on the faces of so many of the great young players to see Ted Williams and try to shake his hand the smile on old head face as he greeted these players. That was the real story of the All-Star Game. Young people need role models and we need the media to bring them up first. Now, here comes the good part. You media people should also get up to speed with the fact that most of your average readers are fed up. Fed up you here. With you making crim-salebs out of criminals, sign William J. David Willton manners. Fed up you here. You think the public is fed up? No. Of course not. Like I said before, maybe old crusty farts like William David Willton manners and me. Maybe we're fed up with it. But it wouldn't happen unless the public liked it because like I've told you a million times before as long as you can win. Whether it's the meatiest underworld, whether it's Lhiroy Philips, then they came different to a holiday. Lawrence Philips, whatever his name is, Lhiroy Colin, Lawrence Philips. It doesn't make it different to what a hell it is. Or what they've done. How many Philips, how many how much time Mike Tyson makes no difference? If you can cash your bet, you know, betting on him on a fight like Tyson or if you can, you're cash your bet at what, winning a ball game or if you just go to the game or want to win and just a passing fan, which in this audience I doubt because we got nothing but chronic gamblers. But if that were the case, that's all I care about is winning. They don't give a crap. There's no such thing as principle or morals or ethics anymore when it comes to professional sports. Or even college sports. So get rid of William David. Get rid of the times, okay? Get rid of the 20th century, which is almost over. Case even notice. Nobody cares. There's Tony Martin thing like I said for whatever reason. I don't get it. I just don't understand what the big cynicism about this. There'll be a verdict coming out probably very shortly, which will have. And then, you know, life will go on. In addition to which what he's accused of having done is so minimal. I mean, I'm not saying that it's good. So minimal compared to what some of these other scumbags have done like Lawrence Phillips for example. And yet nobody had any problem. You know, oh, let's give him a chance. Maybe he just made me. He can do it. Get the job done, you know. Seasaladisal, we don't care about what he did before. He's looking great man. He's exhibition games. He's going to be. He's the great dark hope for this ball club. That's not like care about. So if you want role models like I said before, better be the parents. And that's one of the big problems because we got a lot of scumbags reproducing in America. These days, but that's about your only chance. You're not going to find role models in professional sports. I mean, that's a joke. And as far as Ted Williams has considered, I remember those days when we shoot and pigeons out there in front of Fenway Park when Red Sox had days off. That was always very impressive to me, you know. That was my favorite. Pussies is a sour old curmudgeon anyway, but believe that is in me. Nine minutes after 10 at five said, over to that. You're a father. Nine past 10 at five, 60 WQM are for a play like man and they look like women. He lives in the gay part of town. Unfortunately, he likes girls and coming soon to theaters everywhere. You'll see why he has his ass wide shut. Oh my god, I dropped my cheese. What am I going to do? Hey, hot stuff. You're going to bend over and pick those up, boy. You're just going to stand there and stare at them. Up and over. Impossible. He has to keep his ass wide shut. Fuck the emergency. Thart, I dropped my cheese officer. Oh my. Can you cover me? You're with quickly. Cunch and go. No matter where he goes or who he meets, he must remember to keep his ass wide shut. Thank you, officer. That was a close one. That's enough behind you. See you guys. Wide shut. Coming soon. 1014 at 5.60 WQM. Thank you. And by the way, more bad news for battery. Did you see this today in the paper? Daniel Monde teacher gave some drugs and booze. This is another kid. Which I could, I'll get into this a little bit later. But let's take all of these call first. 5.670560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Boeton V, chill out. Hi. Are you doing well? Okay, sir. I'll let me just give you my point of view. You may not have to see me in our green. But I don't think you're going to have a crit. If you're still doing it, then you're a hypocrite. But if you've done 20, 25 years ago and you've changed your ways and you've repented and you don't do any acts like that again. And you know what's wrong and you want to put people away from doing it. Then why won't you answer the question? Because you don't want to get into it. What do you mean you don't want to get into it? Do people don't have a right to know that? Neil, I'll quote you as you quoted during the cooking thing. Okay, 85% with the polls right now say they don't care if you did it before you was in public office. They don't want to know about it. That's what they said. That's what that is. Now what it says. I never saw a poll answer that. In fact, 11% of the people said that it would change their vote. I didn't see any poll. That's at 85% of the people don't care. It was at 50 50. Nick, I saw that they said 84% said they don't care. I don't know where you saw that poll. It was on the MSNBC. He was on CNN, the Gallup poll, 84% and it's not that poll. That said the 11% did care. Yeah, it's not near you're misreading it. It's not whether they care or not would you change your vote. It's got nothing to do with whether he has got an obligation answer the question. Of course, he's got an obligation answer the question. I don't think he does when we know for a fact that they'll continue to cocaine in the... Not no, Bill Clinton did not do cocaine. If you'd read your newspaper today, sir, there's a whole article in there about how Clinton never did cocaine. Roger Clinton is on its surveillance tape thing. His brother had a nose like a vacuum right? He was a good boy. Let me say it again. We don't know that. I don't care what Roger Clinton said. We don't know that. It was a problem. And he article in the day to night. Jennifer Flowers, she knows who's that he did at all. Yeah, why wouldn't I believe her? I mean, she's supplicing, but 12 years. I guess I guess. Why wouldn't I believe her? Okay, so what you're saying then is it doesn't make a difference? It was Clinton that didn't make a difference, but if it's Bush, it doesn't. And you do it while you're in public office in the public trust of the people. No, no, no, no. You don't understand. Here is a man who admits to having a booze problem in the past. And his cocaine or other drug involvement, these are all things that contribute to kind of personality like I said yesterday. If this man has that kind of addictive personality, this is something people don't know before they decide to put him on a position to being the president. Well, he has no matter who it is. He did say yet a drinking problem. He hasn't drank 15 years. And I probably, you know, if I had to put my two cents on it, yeah, he probably did do cocaine 20, 25 years ago. Yeah, how am I read between the line? And it doesn't make him a hypocrite to be putting young people in jail for what he did 25 years ago. That doesn't make him a hypocrite. No more than it would be a hypocrite if I told my son not to do drugs. If I did a years ago, I if you know it's wrong and you've changed your ways. Of course, you're not a hypocrite. You're not a hypocrite. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You see the people who are the Bush people, it's not going to make any difference what you tell us. It would make any difference if it came out that he just, you know, he'd butcher it up for women 30 years ago. Or whatever, it makes no difference. What it was. Because this is the way that the partisan political animals in his country work. It makes no difference what they all use people did. Just answer the God damn question. That's all. And if there was a and the longer it goes on, that he stone walls and refuses to answer the question, the more and more suspicions that they're going to be. When you're going to put somebody in position is being the most powerful God damn, more man in the world with this thing run a button and the power to blow up the whole God damn world. Yeah, you have a right to know these things. I don't give a crap about who he's slept with. Those things are a material. Who cares about that? But if he's got an addictive personality and he had a drug problem, I think it's a very least we got a right to know how serious it was along with his booze problem. No, no, he's not a hypocrite. No, just the fact that he just let me read it again. Let me read the paragraph again. In 1997 he signed a measure authorizing judges to give jail time to people convicted of possessing reselling less than one gram, one twenty eighth of an ounce of cocaine, a twenty eighth of an ounce. Texas sentence in guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such small quantities. In other words, don't do as I did do as I say. Because now I'm now I'm an adult now. I know it was bad. Like in the hide, you know, he was only 41 when he screwed up that broke up that guy's merits to go out there and Western. He was only 41. He was showing his wild oats. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, maybe I want to make a comment about the meteor shower. But first, I agree with you. He should answer the question. And it doesn't matter. You're right. If he did do the eye and for that now in Texas, he was in this maybe true or main copy. But I have heard that he was trying to steer first time users in the some sort of drug prevention program. Now what you just said doesn't square with that. So I don't know the facts, but if what you just said is true, then yeah. Well, I didn't think it up. I got a news a week. Magical. I don't think they put it in there before and true. I understand, but I think the totality is he might also be trying to get these guys into preventive to, you know, sort of treatment programs. Like I said, I'm not sure. That's not, that's not the case. That's not what it says. Well, if I've heard that that is the case. Now, whether they're doing a report. Or the great fine, what do you know? How do you know he's not getting people into prevention programs? How do I know that there isn't that there aren't men on the moon? I mean, what kind of a statement is that? How do I know that he's not? All I do know is what I read here in a reliable news magazine about how he helped a change the law in the state of Texas where he's the governor. That's what I do know. I understand that. I'm sure somebody called up on a talk show, which is I heard it. And you can't even tell me where you heard it. You heard it through the great by that doesn't mean anything. I'm sure what you read is true, but I'm sure news we've caught to omit the law. Oh, yeah, they're objective. You have right. I'm sure that they're not going to tell you the truth. Now you're going to tell me that news week is a liberal magazine. Oh, no, no. You've got to know it's not liberal. Come on, 95% of the media vote Democrats. Oh, yeah, I'll get out of here. Yeah, see what I'm talking about. You can't deal with these people. Sir, well, someday maybe I doubt it, but someday maybe you'll grow up. Then call me back and we can have an intelligence conversation. I can't deal with professional Republicans, Democrats, left wingers, right wingers. That's why I quit doing it. Crappy years ago. It's a wasted time. Jesus Christ, what when he heard somewhere, he heard somewhere. So, you know, they purposely omitted that. They purposely left that part out because they're so slanted and they want to get gore or some Democrat in there, newsweek. What a joke that is. Time and newsweek and US news. You tell me if any one of those three news magazines are liberal and I'll eat the god damn magazine right here on the air. You maniac, tell you talking about. And by the way, if you look at the inside last page, who writes the last word and newsweek every week, George Will, and of course we know what a raving liberal he is. Yeah, he's the one that does the editorial page for newsweek magazine every week with his column. Get out of here. Grow up. Oh, yeah, we know the 95% of the media's oldest, Jewel liberal media conspiracy, right? Okay. Whatever you say, pal. Don't confuse you with the fact. That's why I brought the thing in. I read it here because I read it out of a credible news publication as opposed to having a bunch of bozos calling in and say, well, I heard the opposite. I heard it through. I heard it in the dream. I had a vision. Here's my me, B. Chelo. Hey, how you doing? I don't know, sir. It's a lost cause. Well, I was that I wouldn't vote for Bush if he did cocaine. I wouldn't vote for him if he did do cocaine. Yeah, that's a good point. I wouldn't vote for him if he drank beer or drink water. Okay. So I'm not having that. Well, he walked on water. Did you happen to catch anything on American Airlines and their drugs? Muggling with them? Yes, sir. I was going to talk about that 58-mile. And the boys arrested this morning. No, okay. American Airlines employees. Mostly the guys have worked out there with the luggage handlers. And the DEA arrested 58-foot drugs. The Smuggler drugs and all kinds of drug dealing. And my international airport. Let's hear it for American Airlines again. Oh, with that explains why their planes are always late. That's right. That's exactly what I said. A lot of time to go through all the luggage and make sure you get through my ones. Hey, listen, one thing for me. Check out the 10A at the airhold in the back. It says media on that talks about Bush. I looting the question about cocaine. And it's got a, well, I don't want to read it. Just read it when you get time. You'll like it. Okay. Take care, Neil. Thanks. American Airlines is they continue just disgracing. Wouldn't it make great? I mean, we all would lost these to you. That was unfortunate. I like these to you, Airlines. But it would be nice. Maybe we could get American to move to Piori or somewhere. Make that their hub been said to Miami. We get a real airline in there instead of a banana boat. So the thing that they got going on with their drug smuggling. 58 people arrested by the DEA this morning. Late break in story to shop this morning on the news. American Airlines employees, everyone. 560 50560, pump 560 on a mobile one line. Like I said, you bush people, liqueem. Okay, liqueem loving, Latin kiss them, hug him, whatever you like. I embrace him. I don't care. Thanks no difference to me. Because I wouldn't vote for him anyway for dog catcher. He stands for nothing. But the fact is that you know, you can't have it both ways. You have to, and even be in the lie, okay? Lie about it. Just like Clinton did, we like liars. Lie about it. But don't you pay the question and act in sense about this. Like wow, you know, you play this. Gotcha game of a sentence. I got the question. Yes, sir, I know will be a sufficient. Then let's move on. And by the way, the people that have covered him for some period of time has been governor there. I've been watching these discussions on TV last several days. This real short fuse that he's got. This is not the new. This is the ill temper that he's showing to the media. Now, guy that had a drinking problem and maybe maybe a harder drug problem, maybe we don't know for sure. And that's already got a short fuse, a real ill tempered guy. That's exactly the kind of guy we want to have to have the finger on a bar. I'm good to me. Something a good kind of responsible guy. I prefer somebody like Litty Dool. Yeah. Yeah, she's my favorite. Litty Dool. Yeah. Uh-huh. That's why her husband can't get it up. Let me tell you right now. He don't need to buy every he needs a new wife. Yeah. Oh, my. Well, we finished in the top tree. And we're very excited about it. That's your America, baby. And if these are the candidates, if you think that these are the people who are best qualified, the best in the brightest, then heaven help us all. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Good afternoon. I was just saying good morning. Good evening, yes, sir. And we changed the subject and talked about meat. I mean, steak. Yeah. And it was my brother bought a house over in brand and just south and tampon. You know, we hear burns. We got to go to burn. So we had a chance to get out there. And my wife and I were not very impressed. Right. Yeah, besides the atmosphere, the soup, the side. The steak wasn't very good compared to Ruth Chris, which is my wife and I was very good there for our birthday. Yeah, I would agree. I do like Ruth says that all I have a bit of burns and many, many, many, many, a little in years. So I tried to comment. Well, they got that fancy dessert room up there. And we were expecting some kind of super fancy dessert. And they give you a little scoop of ice cream and some, you know, some squeeze, some jelly. It wasn't. There was a squeeze. It was a squeeze. Yeah, exactly. It wasn't a week to forget a cherry on top. It wasn't a week to expect what we had at this time. But there's nothing like Ruth Chris. We've been to about six around the country and they're all the same. They're all great. The atmosphere is good. Great selection of wines. Great desserts. And I just wanted to give you a call that we went out there. On, you know, from hearing it on the show, but it wasn't, we were very disappointed. Really? Yeah. I was wondering if I could call someone a bouche bag. Go ahead. Thanks, Neil. Scott Klein with the rest of minutes of trouble and you're a case solve and douche bag. Okay, don't forget. It burns. That's what Linda Blair said. 560, 560, pound, 560, on a mobile one line. They like the bush, man. That's going to be the task of the Democratic Party in 19. Whatever it is, 2000, lick bush. 1026 at 560, WQMH. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Well, she said, when the end of the road is over, the weather is dead. She's like you, party, listen, I do. 460, cool kids. 9 Rajas tinha a clown. 560 standing in the corner in the office here with EEALBCI, attend a Montoya RC fitted chains Bradknock's and 182 ôhhhh A happy back there, you will be happy that dean intern a big room It does the power business that you do to do exactly. Music is with the truth. It has to be a second only of the public and more. And we're on with this gift all of the students and students. They need to special and just have to let us introduce them. Right? So there's only certain things that you can say. And if you say a little bit of cash, we can play all right. Just do what's just on with the weekend and where. You just go. You go, go. Just go, go, go. You just go. You just go. You go, go. Watch me that well, you'll be happy. And that that that that that that that that that. The next one. Bottom of page 3AA and a son settled this morning. White House Clinton never used cocaine. What's, you know, again, if you believe in fine, if you don't believe in that's probably that's in case anyway. But there it is. Just a few short paragraphs. But nevertheless, whether we did it, we didn't. It's a little bit late now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's keep us gay and hello. Neil, great show. Yes sir. Hey, one George Bush was president. He elected a drugs R. Yeah. What is that? Trugs R. I mean, who's Bill Clinton's drugs R? His R and his Arina. It's a joke. Yeah. Trugs R. We're going to stop all the drugs coming in the country. Trugs R. Yeah. You don't hear about it. I didn't check with American Airlines first again. Uh. That's, I mean, come on. Trugs R. Okay, thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Maybe that's where George's W was getting his drugs from the drugs R. In fact, isn't that the place where he was shopping drugs R us? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Well, good morning, Neil. Yes sir. Yes, the 11, I had a country for about the last six or seven years. And it was such a nice pleasure to turn on the radio and find you. Still here. Still there. Still stuck here, yeah. Well, you know, the, I fact last time I taught to you, you had gone to a shop or dinner with Joey Reynolds to an empty restaurant, who was a Chinese restaurant or something. And that was a last go. And you've got to be kind of, you know, the Stabrican Suds in the back, him and the Russell Wases. So you're, you're now in WQAM. Last time I checked. Yeah, so you know, I, I see something wrong with your radio. I haven't listened to that station since Ricky Tickie Shaw was on. Yeah. Well. And with, I think with you on the radio station, it's probably going to draw some people, at least in the kind of two hour. Well, I'm been here for it. It's not like I just started last week. I know you've been away, but I've been here for almost two years and we're kicking serious ass. So it's already a beta company. So, you know, you built WIO, the other year you'll build this station up big Tim. Well, we're trying to kill you. I know you got, you know, this crappy equipment we got here in a cheap mess up, but we're trying to. We're not calling on my own dime because the cheap S O V's don't even give you any time. We got, we're on the year over and four miles. Those vats. It's can't call in less they want to pay for it. We got a bunch of cheap bricks running this job. But anyway, it's nice here and for me to have a great day and back to you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile online. We'll put this place on the goddamn map. That's right. Now if we can just find somebody around here or could read a map. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. I want to, I want to, I want to show you part of your argument that I think it's a lot a little bit. And I want to, I want to, I want to show you part of your argument that I think it's a lot a little bit. And I want to, I want to make this point straight up and I'm not a bush supporter. Yeah. So don't want you to, you know, come to the office and say, oh, that's one of those bush guys because I'm not. You see you have a problem with a people with addictive personalities as the head of our country. Of course. Okay. I have, I have, I have not talking about sex addict. I'm talking about people who are addicted to substances that could alter their mood and thinking. So when do you say Clinton has has an addictive personality? Not just the sex, but just, it's, it's just the sex. It's addictive, addictive to what? What? What? What do you mean addicted to? Yeah. Women's sex? I just got through saying that. What does that have to do with anything? It's an addictive, but what? Well, I'm asking this. Well, are the candidates all sex addict? Have they always been? Uh, I don't know. Have they? Well, read some books. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. See, these people at, well, what's the point? I'll argue with people, and I'll not be about history. Nothing about anything that's happened in the last 30 or 40 years. Forget about long before that. People's sex lives, generally speaking unless it was something really bizarre that something might be blackmailed for, which, of course, in the candidates that was the case of Goodaven. But, short of that, it doesn't make any difference whether it was Roosevelt, with his mistress, or Rockefeller, or any of it. It's got nothing to do with anything. And trying to make comparisons. It's so lame to try to make comparisons of guys that want to screw around, which is most every guy by the way, from Lifetime I check, with people who are addicted to very dangerous mind-altering substances, and I'm not talking about marijuana. I'm talking about cocaine. I'm talking about heroin. I'm talking about stuff like that. Hard drugs. This guy's worried about something else being hard. That's what he's worried about. But, of course, that's the American F. and Wayne, and he's perfect that he lives in South Florida, because so you're not supposed to get it hardened in South Florida. And believe me, the odds are you probably won't anyway. Here's more Loderdale, huh? Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. I have a little bit surprised, listen to you for a long, long time, that you would throw your faith entirely behind any publication, or any passage of the media in this country, and believe one out of percent what you hear or read in print. I'd like to close something from a newsweek article, if I could recently, that has been proven to be completely false. They didn't have article in just one of your favorite subjects about gun control, and it was called caught in the crossfire, and it appeared June 28, 1999. Yeah, in Newsweek. And it was a chart there that said, do laws save lives. And the graphic portray the US firearm related death rate in 1993, the year that the Brady package passed. It's 4,000 deaths for every 100,000 people in the country. In truth, the rate is actually 15 per 100,000, which is less than 1.1% of the figure that was claimed in the graphic. Yeah. And they have yet to try to make a comparison between a statistical mistake or whatever you want to call it. And this is a very simple, very simple, very simple paragraph. They couldn't make it up to make up the fact that he signed a bill, authorizing judges to put these people in jail. What would be the point? They could never get away with that. Well, my point is that Newsweek was presented with the facts, and they kept towed around as they did not present a direct retraction. And it's part of the media biases concerned. The university of Michigan did a research that just released over a nine year period of time. Just $100 in the New York Times, the working to post the LA Times, the Wall Street Journal, and it was proven in that study. Yeah. For instance, the NRA is indeed treated much differently than any other group. I'm good. That's good. I'm delighted that they're treated differently. They ought to be treated differently. They ought to be treated differently. They ought to be treated differently. Certainly. Certainly. Certainly. Certainly. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. Why the story matters by Stewart Taylor Jr. who is a senior writer at National Journal and a newsweek contributing editor? A legal expert calls for a national debate on the penalties for drug abuse. So the most important cocaine question for George W. Bush is this would you seek long prison terms for today's 18 year old for doing what you say you may or may not have done as a young man and when you now suggest that whatever you did was a mere youthful and discretion and thus irrelevant to your candidacy. Countless thousands of people are rotting in prisons all across America, many in Texas for being caught with small amounts of cocaine or crack its moccable variant. Many were only peripherally involved in drug sales. Some were mere users. As governor of Texas, Bush liked most other politicians in both parties has joined in this orgy of punishment with enthusiasm, signing laws that tough and penalties are drug users as well as pushers and that's in juvenile's as young as 14 to prison for especially serious crimes including some drug crimes. How can he square this with his position at whether he used drugs as irrelevant to his candidacy? If Bush won't tell us whether he used cocaine or other illegal drugs in his first 28 years and there's no evidence that he did, he should at least tell us whether he was admitted but unspecified, young and irresponsible escapades would have landed him in prison during the drug law he supports if they've been enforced against him. In 1997, Bush signed a measure authorizing charges to give jail time to people convicted of possessing or selling less than one gram one point of eighth of an ounce of cocaine. Texas sentencing guidelines had previously prescribed mandatory probation for such small quantities and in 1995, Bush pushed through a new law expanding the list of crimes for which juvenile's as young as 14 bound from 15 can be tried and imprisoned as adults. It's not that Bush has been accepted to tough on drug crimes. Most national Democrats, including President Clinton, Vice President Gore, support mandatory federal penalties for small time drug offenders that are far harsher than the laws in Texas where judges have at least discretion to show leniency to non-dangerous abusers. Still, there was strong journalistic justification for confronting any drug use in Bush's past. That would foster debate on a vital issue of national policy should Congress and the next president as well as the states revise the drug-cony and drug-sensing regime that has packed prisons with non-violence small-time drug offenders, mostly poor and non-white and helps them to number Americans behind bars soaring to above 1.8 million. As James Madison wrote in Federalist 57, one of the Constitution's safeguards against oppressive measures is that Congress can make no law which will not have its full operation on themselves and their friends as well as on the Great Massive Society. The same logic argue that politicians should be pressed to say and voters should be spurred to think about how they would have feared if they committed their own youthful and discretion in the presence of say and undercover cop. Any Bush admission that used cocaine when he was say 25 years old, if he did, should force him to support us in the rest of us to do some hard thinking about whether today's 25-year-olds and 18-year-olds should go to prison for doing the same thing. Great article by Stuart Taylor Jr. about the idiotic drug laws and enforcement of same with all the millions of people we got in jail for doing petty things while the hard criminals out there the dangerous people are running around loose on the streets. But again, it's a new week magazine, so it must be some comedy liberal, pick-o-jew conspiracy, etc. So on. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. 560-50560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and highly, hello. Hey, Diel. I'm not a big event guy, but I hear you talking about this and other people talking about the Bush thing. That last article there cleared up a little bit. There's no evidence that he's using him who's accusing him of all this. Who's accusing him? Yeah. He backed himself into a corner because he said that he could have passed the national security test when his father was president because he hadn't done this in the out of got to at that time. And he backed himself into a corner when they asked him this about drugs for the admitted is who's problem he refused to answer the question. What exactly is he being accused of? I didn't get that out of the article. Well, what do you mean is he being accused of? I don't hear me the news. Don't you watch a newscaster read a newspaper? Not much. No. It's all crap. It's all crap? Well, you know, it's what the media wants you to hear. It doesn't mean anything to do with the truth. So then what's the point to talking about it? Well, I thought we were having a way to get the truth. We're going to give you the truth. Where are you going to get the truth? You, sir. That's why I was listening. I don't want to burden you with the truth, sir. I don't think you can handle it. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a pump and a hello. Yes, sir. It's fine report. I was a universal student of this gathering, waiting to buy my $30 handberger. Next to me, Mayor Pinella, with the entire family, mother, father, granddaughter. Yeah. And I said, Mayor, how's the transportation situation going on in the county? No answer. Sir, down to me, like he wanted to kill me. Go back to my table. I started arguing with my relatives. And they called me and his family trader. Yeah. What did you think about that? I think their answer was of what I think. But not a word, Neil. He just looked at me. Yeah. I was waiting for him to pull off his day county metro day. God. Okay. Well, I'm going to squeeze my passport real tight if I were you in your visa too. Okay. And you're master current. Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I mean, these people are so generous. So paranoid, unless I get some kind of a written affidated in here, I guess I can't read anything out of a newspaper or magazine or whatever, because if they don't happen to like what it is, they're going to question the veracity of it. I like the whole article because it was something that I'm in favor of, which is to do away with putting people up for smoke and to join in or whatever. Right. That was the emphasis the article was start with. But Bush being good or bad. Basically, we have three institutions in the United States that have the same credibility. It would be a government religion and championship wrestling. Right. I think that's my first shot. That's my district director is the perfect candidate. Absolutely. And he's got two out of the three nailed out of a science. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, you know, I think, don't worry. I got it right when he said it really doesn't matter because the rich guys are going to get all the good looking guys and girls anyway. There you go. So, maybe last guy was right who gives a crap. It's all a bunch of crap. I don't know. I'm wrong in the tooth of it, but I still work and I read five papers a day. And if you read them, it's just, it's as the world turns. It's just the joke. I mean, it's insane. I read the New York Post. I read the Harold. I read the Ford Latter down news. Yeah. You said today. And it's all the same crap sort in the blender. We could have a universal newspaper and you just get one for your whole life. Yeah, just a bunch of crap. You're right. You're right. I said, my philosophy. Do the best you can. That's all we can do. That's it. Okay, pal. Have a good day, man. Right. He's right. Just do the best you can. And the other guy to call them in and go, you're better off. Don't read the newspapers. Don't worry about these things. You write it all a bunch of crap. That's true. Because it's like, you know, it's like shooting fish in a barrel. You stick your hand in there and pull it out. They're all the same. And a lot of you people are so juvenile. And so immature. I mean, it's a sad thing in this country. And I guess maybe this isn't the only country. But because we only have two political parties. There's this skism that's about even right down the middle. And it's, you know, Democrats good and Republicans bad. Or the other way around, you know. And it's idiotic. They all suck. They all stink. And the best I can say for a bubble. And some of the people of his York is that they were a buffer against right wing extremism. That's all. They didn't offer us anything sensational. And the fact that by luck we, you know, the economy is going great. That's what's supposed to be all excited about. Is if they had a lot to do with that. I think maybe just a Reagan going off and forgetting what it was all about. Maybe that helped. Okay, because it wasn't trickling down too good. Nancy says scored score. Trickling down pretty bad these days, by the way. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Anya has a gun. Okay, sir. Anya, you're one of a one thing there. But all hard and crumittals and not on the streets. I think they're all playing from Andy Dolphins right now. Yeah. And, uh, no, thing. You know, listen to your conversation on Monday about American Airlines. Just reaffirmed the fact that I want to find it. And this morning when I hear in the news that the drugs going on board and guns and explosives ammunition. And then I hear that one of those people who got arrested is the Bravo County Deputy Sheriff. Are really? Oh, yeah. So, yeah. You know, the draft Bravo County Deputy Sheriff and two IRS federal agents. I was working part time to the airport. So, uh, I'm thinking maybe a Sheriff, Jenny, Kenny, Ken Jenny there. Ken Jenny, yeah. So, stop going about, uh, president, uh, swing club. The people doing it all in time. Maybe they're worried about what's on the deputies are going up here on act here on the day off. You Sheriff, that's right. So, I'm out of here on the. Okay, God bless you, sir. And don't fly American, whatever you do. We despise American Airlines. And spied us on a used silly clean call in the last couple of days. We know who you are. You're not fooling us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pon, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. 5, 5, 8 people busted drugs over there. Spuck one stuff on the plane. And like I said, you know, it takes a long time to go through all that luggage and find out which ones are the right ones. Which one got the Tony and stuff like that. Here's a Virginia key. Hello. Yeah, sir. This is something with Bush started. The best thing? Yeah, I have the quote on my wild. The one that started the his problems. I believe it was a reporter for Texas mostly magazine with interviewing him for, uh, a biographer, a short biographical article. And he said, quote, marijuana cocaine. I'm not going to talk about what I did as a child. That's a child. That's a child. Right. Right. That's like Henry Hiwin. He was so in his wild young. What's when he was 41 right. So right there. I mean, he's basically admitting that he didn't. He just doesn't want to discuss it. Right. So there's no question any of the idiots that are still out there thinking that. And then he went beyond it. It made it even worse by saying before the last 25 years. In other words, after he was 28 years old, he didn't do any of these things. So that's like saying, I mean, OK, before I was 28, obviously I did. I was doing kilos right anyway. I just wanted to call you in and in effect. I heard that it's going to be the state model with Texas things go better with coke. That's a just one. I have a great day sir. Because you know, me coming pink ol' Greg. I start things like that just to be an O'Jomper vodka tour. Because on the anti bushman. I mean. I mean. I mean. When you're my brother. Hey, when this is on, I don't, I can't be bothered. Oh, my dad's just like doing a regular show. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. By the way, let me tell you again on the new Brittany Spears video. Crazy. Do one where she's got the green outfit on. Oh, man. Now, you guys that are wasting your time with Jennifer Lopez. Forget that ugly bitch. Okay. Just get back to Brittany. Get back on a ride track so this big. I'm so sure you're a good thing. Don't worry about your feelings. I'm here for the first one. I'm going to die today. I'm here for the first one. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Look at my back. I'm so sure you're a good thing. All the guys they want me from the old to the teenager. I am heart, I have to stay. Think real good, my acting's over. Take out as a fool. I'd have chance with the two of us. I've got so tree-bed you mine. And a bother like you show. You must have been creamy side. How to keep you never know. To see me. Is to want me. Got up a tight booty. My daughter's packed with me. You see me all over and see me. Not that it's for the heat. I know you want me. To die to die to die to die to die to die. You're a good thing. You got to die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die to die. You're a good thing. I'm so at five. You got the men. If you are a man to charge with a 6. Just have known from Shula stake 2. And then we got Donnie B talking baseball 6-7. 6-7. Can that be right? Why is that? I wonder. You know what I'm saying? There's no way there can be a mistake on there. Maybe they make a mistake in newsweek, okay? But our program director get off your stuff. He don't make no mistakes when it comes to making up those schedules. You know what I'm saying? Get off your stuff. So it must be a right. Not to anybody cares of course. Then of course this RJ Intendola business in Hellendeau with this alleged hit and run. This little accident where he allegedly smashed into this guy's car and he was flying allegedly around the Making his left turn and then I didn't stop. Kept on going and claims that he was confused and couldn't find the intersection where this happened and went to city hall to report that he had a wreck. And I said well I'm giving it a gun. They gave my ticket for running a red light, but I didn't that that's it. They will not charge him any further even though this other guy's car was smashed to smithereens and he was all shaking up 73 year old saled the sal on model. We'll get him back and again, you know, different strokes for different folks. It goes back to that thing about James Madison again, you know saying that if we pass laws, they should be what's good for the goose is good for the gander basically is what he said. But not necessarily good for RJ Intendola or George W. Bush or Bill Clinton or anybody else. So in other words, if you do something a little hanky, panky, with or without Tommy James and Ashandels, you got serious problems, baby. Like maybe go to a swing club, even though you think it's private, you paid a lot of money to go in there so that the swat pink can come in and try to disgrace and embarrass and the cost of your job and ruin the rest of your life. But if other people do these things, who happen to be in positions of power and know the right people and polar rights rings. For example, the best I love this. The North Miami Beach Police Department said there were no plans to further investigate the crash to one involving this RJ Intendola, the city mangler from a hell and Dale 400 years with the South House gang. The matter is close, said Sergeant Alan Graham spokesman for the department. There's no need for further investigation. The police department stands behind it's decision not to further charge in Dendola. Although the policy that a decision was based on is unwritten said Graham. Although according to Graham, if someone involved in an accident returns to admit the incident, he or she is not charged with leaving the scene. You know who that reminds me of a few years ago and by the way, the guy's dead. Not extensions. Well, I'm glad I didn't say it. 5605056 on the AT&T Wireless line and the guy is still dead by the way. Here's water Hill. Hello. Hey, Dale. Oh God. Yes sir. Hey, I want to turn two things first of all. Tell me, about these folks who say that the media is liberal biased. You know, the two most unbest in presidents of my lifetime have to be Carter and Clinton. Well, Carter deserves it. But they were all over Clinton from even before he took office. They were all over him like stink on cramp. If you have to see, well, you have to not read the paper. Listen to the TV news to say that Clinton Carter will not touch by the media. How could you call a liberal meeting with me? The lambest mess. In addition to which, like if you look at our local newspapers, 95% of the comms that are in there, you got Cal Thomas. You got William Stathbier. George Will. I mean, finding a liberal or even a moderate commissar, like looking for a needle on a haystack down here. And a general hack and a bush, whatever. Right. But also a technical and a state general hack and a China. And now about looking Bush, I want to just compare the two most likely candidates for both parties for president, Gore and Bush. Yeah. One of them was from a powerful tennis, the powerful rich family in Tennessee, who owned up joining the U.S. Army and went to Vietnam. When he put it that matter together, one was from a powerful rich family in Texas who wanted to dress by joining the law of the giving him international guard. What does the conservatives have to say about that if they just let that put it in full of stuff? Yeah. It's just a point to one to make up. No, I can't wait to play get to the sex part. Well, I wish you a good. This is why they're squirming so good. Now don't you understand? This is why they're having an nervous breakdown because now that she was on the other foot. And we just, and now we're going through New Gingrich with his messy, Smarmy divorce and all of his affairs. I mean, when the she was on the other foot, all these right wingers, man, all of a sudden they start squirming to get real on easy. And carrying out like a bunch of lunatics. Of course, I'm a Bob, Bob, taking his girlfriend, having a abortion. Right. Right. There's little things like that in Bob Livingston and all of these things. Right. You know, I could, I don't agree with it, but I could respect people who against abortion or whatever. But then you have to live in a practice, but you preach and you keep on doing it and re-hide in such. Just remember, don't do what I do. Do what I say. They meant, hey, I'm nice. They have a lot of great life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond were waiting breathlessly on that Tony Martin decision. We've had no calls on it yet. And also, no calls on that bitch that wrote that article in the hero which I already threw in the paper this morning through in the basket. Linda Robertson, why I just, I listen to that thing this morning with the worst team and I maybe it's the sports there. They get so whipped up and so bent out of shape over nothing as though somehow that she writes an idiotic column like that. She's got no credibility. And that's going to like a tarnished Anne marino's image or his reputation or somehow smear his life. I don't think so. Nobody with a brain is going to believe what she wrote for a second. In addition to which like I said before, a character witness testifying it a trial for a friend of theirs or a colleague or whoever it hell is, is there's nothing unusual about it? It's not like, yeah. Well, you know what they reminds me of now, maybe if it was somebody like, roll. That's the thing at the OJ trial. Maybe then we might kind of have a different view on it. You know what I'm saying? You think so? Oh, yeah. I know I would. Roy. Here's a temper of fine. Hello. Yes. How you doing? Okay, sir. Enjoy yourself. Thank you. You know it's funny we spent seven years absolutely hearing that everything Bill Clinton did was absolutely relevant. Yeah. And yet, you know my question on this, this short review is when did he do this? Did he do it when his father was president or when his father was vice president? When he was in the National Guard. Yeah. I mean, how do we know that he wasn't busted and left out because well, he says it was not in the last 25 years. Okay. So that would make him 28. Okay. So Linda Bill Clinton getting involved in the, you know, his problem with the Orlando. In the 70s. Exactly. So it was relevant there to get a special prosecutor and go after him. And by the way, the special prosecutor says he's still ain't done by the way. Right. What's the length of his investigation isn't finished yet? They look that underneath every silo rock. Right. You guys are most investigated president history. And they're still going after him. You know what, we need to get a special prosecutor to look into George W's hands. Yeah. Yeah. Don't forget don't forget Carmella. Yeah. Oh, that's, oh, that's another one there. Yeah. I mean, and you know, and you know, just by the way, how that's the right just got glossed over a little quickly. And you know, it's amazing that we supposedly had this raving liberal bias in the media. And yet here's the story about a Republican governor, a right wing Republican governor in Florida, whose life committed a serious crime that most other people had very severe consequences for. And we get out. He just made a mistake. He was nervous and at the end of that. Yeah. And Michael, I'm going to risk a couple of grand whatever was and that was it. My question is, is that was at the first time? No, it just wasn't going out of the country for years. And for all we know, she's been doing this now for you. Yeah. I think that's a good jack web on the case. It's car hypocrisy. Right. And I don't know if it was I do. It was I say, right, the politicians, Creed, O in America. And most of them fit right in there very nicely. Don't do as we do. Just do as we say. We say all of my things, even a little or a bunch of bull crap artists. Just like you said about noon, here, noon tap they're talking about how back, and there's mu, all he's having in the fair. Yeah. During the times, he was talking about my favorite. My favorite was when he was screwing around. And his first wife was dying from Campbody Gaman. She's dying under deathbed and he comes into get her to sign to the horse papers. That was really classy. You know, that was special. When he talked about the liberal media, because you've gone out of this area and tried to find anybody who's not a consumer right we rack on the radio. You can't find anybody who's not a right wing. That's right. You got Gordon Litty. You got a large ass limbo. You got that Allen keys guy who's a Sparks the right winner. I mean, 90 and not all of you north. 95% of the people on there are right winners. All the solotalk shows in America that are politically oriented are right wing. And yet it's just tremendous liberal bias we got. Yeah, I don't know where it is. God, I almost have tremendous power. I didn't realize it. Every day, Bill. You have a liberal bias. Okay. See you. And proud of it. 10 thanks to 11 is 5.60 QA. You know, yeah, no, stop on it. My name is Colemba. I got up that plane. Oh, I'm jumping in front to hit your money away. But is on a building that's the bubbles and yours. And you in advance, the duty has to deal. I tried getting hard to struggle. And they wouldn't let people. But I did not get in trouble. So I tried to double those wires. Yes, I'm Jeff Bill. Beauty is my favorite. What's your favorite? My life with picture paper. After all, my husband's brother will soon be your dictator. I might go and there's a Peter I buy anything. I need a couple things more. I'll be just received every value. When I get that, I'm just all. Only the name has been changed to protect the smuggler. I'm sorry about that. How can my color curl mella? Do I know anybody named the, oh, well, whatever. I don't go into that thing about brown. She's a brown. You know, that's it's so bad. Even that anti-mixicon thing you got. But at any rate, it's Colemba. Okay, Colemba. Get the name right. Okay. And don't do the thing about she only had one eye. Okay. That's the other bush. 5.6705.60, pound five was Columbo. And pound five. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Weston. Hello. Oh, the morning. Yes, sir. I would be article this morning by Robinson. And it, 99% of it was bad. The only thing that may have made sense, it really put marina on the spot. They asked him to go and he doesn't, he looks bad. And if he does, Columba, he looks bad. He was kind of putting a bad. He ended up, well, why, why are you looking up for a bird? Why do you look bad? No, that's what people think. If he doesn't go, then he selfish. If he does, he looks bad. I think the right way. You keep repeating that. Who? I haven't heard anybody who say he looks better, except her. Yeah, that was the article. That's that it really put him in a situation. But I think he did the right thing. Yeah. You want to ask him to, you know, go, is it for me to be there? Being a character witness for a friend, especially somebody you've known for years and somebody who hasn't been gay, he wasn't accused of murdering people like you know. But your weapon was really unnecessary and it didn't really was bad. But then they okay. And that's the hell. That's why it has to be the worst paper I've ever lived. It is. It's the worst piece of crap in the history of the human race. And about I remember years ago and everyone was whipping Clinton and I'm thinking, you know, what if down the line and I'm a Republican and I'm moderate. What if a candidate is what the Republican party and the shoes on the other foot? It, you know, we really feel what it was like and now that's true. I mean, if he did something a quarter of a century ago, I mean, you can't look back. You know, look forward, he says, yes, they asked him the question, he answers, let's move on. Am I sorry? Yeah, I just be honest, just the article in an, let's let's address what is evaluated for whatever they will and let's move on. That the stress is me more and then in scurting the shoes and just being upfront and saying, yes, yes, I did. I'm sorry. Yeah, you're going to look really devious and make some look like a liar. And of course, that's the last thing that people want. We've already had a liar for right years and even though, you know, the public are happy with a job. He did a lot of other liar. So the shoes are the other foot now and then four years from now to probably be back. So we notice in spite of this allegedly tremendous liberal bias of the media, the Dan Burton scandal, the Henry Heid scandal, the Bob Livington scandal, the New Kingwood's two scandals, but with the book deal and then with the the the voice business, these things that they just get like 10 seconds worth of media coverage and you never hear another word about that's the end of it. Okay, the Republicans have failed their archives so it's okay and you know, and I'm sure the other party feels well as far as I like doesn't matter because it is still bad and you know, you live in a glass house you can't throw stones and I think they're fine and that off but after there's no another than Bush, I mean it's all downhill after him and it's so our party is really pretty sad right now and I I just wish he would be upfront and stand up and say the right thing and move on from there. Amen. You got a good show. Thanks. 560 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Does America need more Bush? That's the question. Thank God his father wasn't a liar. Read my lips. I'm sorry. 560 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. How soon they forget huh? What a sad sad cash the characters. Maybe take a look at him and take a look at Steve Forbes that is if you'd want to lose your appetite for lunch. How could anybody look at him? And by the way, remember about his daddy who wants it and take a look at that little little doll. I mean, I vote for G Gordon, let me be for I vote for that little lady and I rather be dead that vote for that fashion son of a bitch. She's a silly person. She's a simple person. You know who's your mind's meal? Pat Schroeder. Remember the Democratic Congresswoman woman from Colombe? Yeah, she was a battling idiot. A battling simple thing. But the left wing bullvikes loved her for whatever reason. So she was a big hero to them. Yeah. Yeah. That's American politics for you, baby. The best money can buy. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and okay, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, but we've all the liberal bullcraft on here on the smaller. Yeah. Yeah, about anything liberal must be bullcraft. All of Guler being a warrior. He was a military journalist. Yeah. Well, he must have put his butt on the line. Who got a mad job as a military journalist? I wonder. Probably a probably people that knew his daddy's senator Gore. Right. I mean, it's a and Neil, but you see the, the media. In addition, which I'm not the one that said that a caller said that I didn't say. No, I know that, but Neil, you're seeing the media. It's not liberal. You ever watched CNN or CDS or ABC. Yeah, a little time all the time. You ever read the news? You ever watched ABC. Did you ever watch his Sunday morning on ABC? Well, they have one conservative George Will. What about Bill Crystal? He's not conservative and what about Robert's? You're out of your mind. She was hyperventilating on it. And that last day that last gasman in impeachment hearing, she was hyperventilating when Robert bird said he might vote in favor of impeachment. She was foaming at the mouth. You're out of your mind. He's. He's a next clue. And you know that Democrat, Robert. Yeah. I know what about that. Yeah. We know that. Yeah. And also, you know, another one of these political children. Okay, Democrats, bad Republicans. But I don't have time to waste with overgrown children. Okay. I just got through saying a few minutes ago, they all suck. And you can't deal with that. Okay. Cause you're a political child. You're a juvenile. You're like, you're pre-addless and pre-pubescence politically. You can't grow up. Five, six, seven. Yeah. Good. In fact, who was the one that was on a year talking about Robert bird the ex-plansman during the so-called impeachment hearings? I was the one who pointed that out and brought it up over it over again. A born again, clansman. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 T. What was one? Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Two points. I'm I number one on George W. You got a realized that he sort of fired the first shot when he volunteered on this character issues that he was so faithful to his wife. Yeah. So we'll answer some in there. And then he's first of about the blues problem. But that's yes, that was pretty much public knowledge anyway. He was forthcoming about that. And then he's deciding he's picking and choosing. He'll answer, you know, these over here and these on column, he'll answer. That's not the way to game is played. You can't do that. And on Colombo, why in the world do key fly back into Atlanta Hartfield coming from Europe? Why didn't you go into Miami where she might have got a little preferential treatment being the first lady? I think the word you're looking for is dumb. Wow. Yeah. All right. Got around. Thank you. Right. Just like the voters of Florida put him in the first place. But again, he ran against the dead man. He had Bill Clinton ran against the dead man. They're Bob Dol, one time. And then you had Jeff Bush ran against the dead man, buddy, McCay. So this is the kind of, these are the kind of elections the public has in American people. Oh, you got to be more involved. You got to be an activist. Yeah. Right. I mean, you take a look at these. You take a look at Bill Bradley and L. Gordon between the two of them have a personality of a dead man. They, and you know what they remind me of, Don I'm a dead man in a chair. That's the kind of personality they got. And then you'll look on the other side. You got George W. Who stands basically for nothing, which is I think the reason that he's ahead of everybody else is because the name is Bush needs to answer nothing. So work to prove. In fact, that ought to be that ought to be his theme song. My name is Bush and I stand for nothing. Something like that. And then you got Elizabeth Dol Steve Forbes, like I said, with a face that looks like the end of the world, like they just fought a war on it. Who's just another babbling right wing in that case, who's all over the place, by the way. Although I do like his attacks cut for the rich. And yeah. I do like that. Those are the flat taxes. A great idea. That's one of the prices you pay for being at, you know, democratic is you'll never get a break on that because the idea is you should never make any money in your life. Well, you put that crap away. Give it back to Carlos. He'll appreciate that. God, he's got bad taste. All this porno that we're sitting here pouring over. You know something like it's so pleasant in here today, you know what? It's so pleasant. I don't know what it is that happened, but it's almost like some miracle has happened in this building. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Good afternoon, Neo. Yes, sir, very many. I think in today's society, you'd be hard to rest to find somebody in the gym, you know, the population that has an at least a spare minute withdraws in one way or the other. Yeah. And my only point is that, you know, it's obvious that Bush is hiding something. I think that the majority of the people, those that Republican Party may think that, you know, most of us are stupid, we know that, you know, if he was fourth right and honest, which doesn't come with politics. Much is this or not, right? Correct. That you know, I think he would earn a little bit more respect if he just came out and said, look, I did it. I had a problem. You know, it's one thing, you know, I would have a little apprehension if he had a cocaine problem because once an addict always an addict. But my thing is, you know, if you're looking at the next four years with Bush and Gourge, your front runners for to be president, I think we're in a sad state of politics in this country. You know, and I usually, you know, I vote, I'm not a Democrat, I'm not a Republican, I vote for the best candidate that I think is out there. And at this time, I think that there's too many people that are undecided. You have Gourge who's got the personality of a wet mop. Yeah. And you have Bush who, who just cannot find it in itself, to be honest with the people that, you know, he wants to represent. And I have a hard time, you know, accepting the fact that he won't explain what he did 25 years ago, you know, when he then, and has stayed alone, past some of the toughest drug laws there is in the country. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. Okay. Well, the nature of the drug laws, like I said, reading that article before, stands, piece for itself. All of course, that was a news week. So was probably a lie. 560, 560, 560, on the 1810. All right, cookie robber says a liberal. How do you like that? But that was a bullet, and huh? Your next will find out that Bill Christle's a liberal too. And then there's that George step on top of us. They finally got him off of there. That little weasel, that little backstabbing weasel. That, oh yeah, he's one of those too. 26 after 11 at 560 WQM. More facts. There you go. That was a allegory. Four years ago, you gave me your nominated V5 project. This is some crap. I've been watching you through that. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you. The Albor version of the locker room. Locker rate. Would you like to see it again? Time to move your emotion. When you are a alarm goes off in the morning. Locker rate. And one of your children, Rita's or cereal and Bruce, Locker rate. When the 32 of 560 WQM GMAD dogmated from Schulis State to a tool clock for Hank this afternoon, there's only one, the next is Jesse the body. There's only one person in this country who's really a great leader to be the president and another will be because he's too liberal. And because he was against the death penalty in New York, Mario Cuomo, that's right. Oh, gee, there he goes again. What I liberal and liberal crapp again. Yeah, and we know he's one of the men in all of his business guys. Yeah, brilliant guy. To course, like, heads and shoulders about the average American public, so he's like too much of an intellectual, great speaker, tremendous inspiration. That's what you need. A face man. That's what Kennedy was, which most people don't realize he was a face man. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pond, and same with Roosevelt. Face man. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, me, I wouldn't you say it's just a little bit hypocritical to condone everything that Clinton has done. Who should don't know everything that he's done. I've never done that. I've heard you ran away for months and months, it says everything is that he's done about getting late and getting good PJ. Getting late. Sir, let me say again, what do I say about George Bush's sex life? I don't care about his sex life. Do you know I say that this morning? Oh, but you're going to crucify the guy because he did a little blow 25 years ago. I didn't say I'm going to crucify one of the former feet did or didn't do blow. I'm just talking about the ought to be forthcoming. The public has got to write to know about blow. That's what I said and blow us something you know. Believe me, I could tell. You're going to crucify the guy because he did a little blow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Trace that call by the way, co-cad. Got a serious rectum crack problem. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Okay, good one. 5 is about Robin Luke, Susie Darlin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Yes, sir. Do you know who co-cad is father? No. Hailbox. Do you know who Hailbox was? Yeah. He was one of the biggest liberal Democrats in the 60s. And you know who the hudness? He robbers. You know that is right. I know, Kier, who the hudner was. You know what you're saying? You know what you're saying? You're trying to tell you the conservative. Sir, I read an article here on the year during the impeachment hearing, telling us where she was coming from. At least as far as Clinton is concerned. She was his anti-employment, is anybody in the office? That's all. I mean, there's a there's an answer. Yeah. And what about Bill Crystal on that show was he a liberal? No, I agree with him. I agree with you. No, no, that's not the question. Do you agree with him? And obviously you do because you're a well conservative. I agree with you. What he said about about this is this bush thing. Let me say it to you again. You know, you're a little crystal a liberal. Yeah. And as well as he a liberal. You're a conservative. Okay. Donaldson is a watered down. He's a mean. Watered down liberal. You're right. Well, he's not even watered down. Little he was hot to try for Clinton's ass all during the impregnure. Kind of a couple points. So that's three out of four that I hear so far. Well, I mean, you know, the poll they took a motion. I don't want to talk about that. About the wash and press corps. Oh, yeah. They're all, and you know, something maybe the reason that there's so many people in the press who are liberal is because they're more highly educated. But I would, you know, I hate to say that to you. So because you'd probably take it personally. That could be. Yeah. That probably is. You know, that the guy called about George Bush going to Vietnam. You know what he didn't get? What do you do? Who is it? He was a type of. He didn't get well. I'm not George Bush. I'll go on. I mean, I'll go on it. Why? You're so tongue-tyed and so worked up into a frenzy. My right wing friend. You can't even get the name right. We already heard that. He was a type of a type. And a bit of a leaky was there. That was a start. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Well, I said, I'm proud today. I can't believe we got this many good old right wingers out there listening. It's phenomenal. Man, incredible. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa. This guy's so worked up. He's a stubble in all over himself. He's upset with Bush. I never been a big on Bush. I'll tell you there right now. Here's South Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I saw Cuomo when I was 22. I was inspired beyond belief. But, you know, today's later you wake up. It's really can't do much. I just think what people lose point is if that goal is a lot more conservative in thinking and in this one youth in the Senate that most people give him credit for. Go out conservative. If well, he is, if we can serve. No, I don't agree. You don't agree? No. I really think this whole Bush thing with it's planted by mostly the Republicans to, you know, again, talk about that liberal media. And I don't think they're scared, of course, much as they're scared of. First of all, you're forgetting that the Republicans and the other Republicans can't they are, or hopefuls there are. They're the ones that are using this now. All the Democrats that I see coming on now, the people from the White House that are saying, hey, a couple of this crap already. Let's move on. And who cares about this? From what I mean, every Republicans just likes each other up. I just, yeah, exactly. I just need to make the Republicans are throwing the presidential election. There could concentrate a lot more in the senatorial. Because they're going to stand back whatever Democrats, you know what? Listen to me. They're going to stand back whatever Democrats going to come on. Yeah, they're saying back in it. They don't want the White House to just go after the Senate. I thought they're going to control the Senate. How about they just want to just strengthen their grip on it and the Senate, too? Oh, man. We got some politically stupid people in this crowd. And you guys are right on top. You got your thumb on it. No question about that. People don't read a newspaper. They don't read a magazine. And it's guy, oh, yeah, Bill Crystal. He's a real good model. We got here real a fascist, a real ultra-right wing fact. If I get on the rumor has it, I just started the rumor that he and George Will run around the table, singing Deutschland, or Barallus before they tape that show every Sunday morning on ABC. That's just a rumor. I started. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. In fact, George would look really good with it. And those little moustaches, George Will, he'd look really cute, you know. Beauty glasses kind of like a hangover camera on a bad day. Looks a little like her. I'm guring if he just gained some weight. 21 before noon at 5, 60, WQAM. But the Lord even loves Neorodges. My friends, I believe that time this country has a boring, rich, young leadership. For that I've either checked in my news. Friends, I can assure you I know. Let's best through you. Good night, old Christian. Try to run our lives with bad balls in there now, but Friday night. Good little Christians, you ain't there hate around. And power clapping for a new turn, right? Good little Christians, train watching all their kids grow up fully, they bury tell time, life, you you lost through bad, contrite. To be happy, I left, they only told you to home safe business needs check from me, Got a fair mark of duty to Good little Christian for the kids and ladies That's my name ever have to tell that Good little Christians Happy new staff for what is they like to spot Ben Schwing and she Oh cow So many Christians from Texas But I know from the fire in the depths of hell I don't feel like I'm going to go away I think it's a good point why you think they call our co-key robber Co-key robber's It's 1145 at 5.50 WKOM Yeah, I see let's vote for Gary Bauer That was a good religious leader in there somebody pie somebody who looks like we can really trust him 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Still waiting for the version they Tony Martin trial still no word they're deliberating They're talking about bappa bappa like that And so far they'd come up with Eeeah Squad Here's a lady mobile and peppered pine Hello Yes man I have to tell you that was never big on Until my husband introduced me to it You're living on what your phone's cutting up never big on what? I'm sorry talk radio Yeah And my children sit in the car and every now and then we'll hear the put the lotion in the basket So every now and then throughout the house somebody will say hey pappa I need to say yes with the lotion in the basket It's a lotion in the basket We enjoy you thoroughly and I was never also in politics But I enjoy listening to you and every now and then in the conversation I can tune in to what I remember from your show and I contribute to a conversation So I do thank you very much Well thank you and God bless you You too I will be there And don't forget It works the lotion in the basket See you Bye Well there you go There's a nice lady with a set to humor It didn't sound all up tight about this Why is it that the right wingers are so all god damn up tight you know? You can hear the stress in their voice in the stream Maybe now that the shoe was on the other foot Maybe that's why they're so stressed out Well you know that cookie robbers your father is that raving liberal And so what about it She still a piece of crap Next they're going to be picking on poor liberal David Brinkley That's either fall on a bit head and leave him alone Okay, he's busy doing those Tony spots for that whatever the thing is What is it? When they just got sued for all that he's septive advertising And they fooled the food he does those spots for that What's the name of that thing that his sponsor that show for a hundred years Maybe see this morning that David Brinkley show he does this spot about all those Starving people and about how they're putting that crappy make believe food together You know what I'm talking about? Archir Daniels, Midland, I got a great mind A little slow Let's do it in a later where it comes back in there You know Five five six seven five six eight pound five six the on the AT&T while this lie Oh, it's the good guys in the bad guys He that's the kind of world that some of you people live in it It's so pathetic it's so sad That's why that kind of radio by the way when the toilet The only people who are still glued to that garbage are the right wing nuts That's why the only folks you got on here doing it are the bar and glory and glory and glory and glory North and all those right wing fascist back to that's it because there is nobody else with a brain that would listen What's a wasted time who the hell cares? We good they bad, you know? I mean we know that some of our sponsors are like soficking you know soficking good But they bad Here's a mobile and stuff Miami hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing great Neil You mentioned some earlier about like the Republicans and who they're putting who they have to To run and how our mediocre the field is I think they're the Republicans. I said all of them sir. Oh, well, that's well, that's true too And I mean I even I far back is when they all run and huh they all suck Yeah, they do but what do you the one guy that haven't talked about I guess because you didn't do the I was doing good pole thing was John McCain we think him. I mean I know he's a Republican Yeah, I know he's Republican I mean all the people that in the race don't you think he's in the Republicans? I mean don't you think he's like You know he's yeah, he ever stole a free train. Yeah, yeah, he seems very weak But of course too many of the parents. How many of the parents is on the I'm sure that's his biggest negative Oh, I didn't know I don't always under with a dead man. Not good. Is that the guy with a cowboy that? Yeah, we got it's always about the farm and tells you about it. Yeah Okay, well, Neil I'm not a material. Let's not repel they all suck. Yep. Okay. Bye bye 567 see it's fashionable said John McCain. He's great. Well, what does he stand for? Wow. I don't know. See, that's maybe this is a blessing this coke diversion for a George W. No because instead of having to answer the questions about the issues Which so far basically he never really does he's kind of like a beefo. You know Jeff the fourth he's riding the fence He's got those Texas taps on it is wearing a well, yeah, you know, prevents a lot of chafing there. Yeah, but whatever the issue is when except the course for abortion he's big on that big on the right to life crap Kind of an anti human kind of guy exactly what they want you know good religious finatic kind not quite as religious finatic is a pat you can't an or Gary bower Of course, but almost 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line here's a mobile and store hello Neil, you may wish to remind your George place fans that this week the lid by their star investigator reporter Mike is the cop They're the one to start it. The money to the point. You're very good points. You're that one to start at the whole impeachment thinking against Clinton excellent point I was I can be the previous caller mentioned that the Texas reporter had first raised the question of cocaine use but as a month ago At a forum I think was an Iowa online Republican presidential candidates were on the stage and reporter asked the question have any of you ever use cocaine Eight unheaded to take any answer no only bush refused answer the question So either the other either wrong if this question is not appropriate Well, Mr. Bush stands alone One last thing cookie robber to battle liberal. She said idiot Exactly, well, but very well put okay. Thank you. He's a airhead. She's a bubble head. She's a cold kid Excellent sir couldn't have put a better myself 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT. I'll tell you one thing that the right wingers. I don't want to love all conservatives as being right wingers Cause they're not but the real right wingers. You know the ones I'm talking about the ones that's a liberal boogey man Are there every rock one thing they haven't common paranoia. Oh, yeah one world government the trial animal commission The little man I think God I don't do that kind of radio anymore. Thank the Lord for that How come I'm doing that today? I don't know Just because I felt like it because I read the thing in news week about George W In addition to which if he's supposed to be if he's you know looking for the support of the evangelical right then you know He's got to well fast up because they always forgive the center of he if he comes clean That's it come clean admit it. You know you're a passive discretion, but don't lie about it. Don't stone wall Then they get pissed off. You know I mean if they even forgave Jim Baker and Jimmy Swagger for crying a lot What's a little blog on a do you know Here's for a lot of nail hello Hey Neil yes sir part of the problem is I think I don't know if you agree with me here is that we got too many dummies here that can't comprehend more than a corrupt Two party monopolized That's right. That's a little bit correct right now all we have is a choice. We don't have a free choice and Our crappy choice it always comes down away or renders choice. Yeah, if we if we had any intelligence in this kind We'd have we'd have a before of strong parties. We have we have these two we have the demo publicans right and You know, so we have a lot of stupidity right and one other thing as far as the real corrupt Bush it's the one-out in Colorado that's a hybrid Bush or Herbert. He's the one that's on Neil Well, yeah, I don't I don't think it's your name say but I think it's Herbert But he took out a small business loan when his old man was president 89 for $750,000 Yeah, with no intention of starting a business Well, he just did that So we'd be took out the loan. He went belly up and you'll add a payback 20% of that loan. I thought that was Neil Bush Then okay, okay, I get my name's done. I understand you don't want a good that name, you know, you generally can't come You're a little better. I know yeah, but anyway, Neil thanks. Thanks a lot. Keep up the good work and God bless you sir And have a great life and the 50,000 years from now who's gonna give a crap about all this? I say Elizabeth stole that's so that's my perfect Republican candidate for the year 2000. Litty dole. That's he's perfect. Yeah Let's hook her up. We'd let's say a Tom Stelleck provides president. That would be good Can't have Smosh Machu and Ed Perring huh 560 50560 pound 560 He did the one he gets so upset about that poor Tom Stelleck if that's the case. How can we play the fact in that movie? Was that movie he was in we played the the cowboy fact whatever hell he wants? Was there just a few months ago? And it was a gigantic bomb two by the way not debom it was a bomb on your kids out there You know the difference between a bomb and debom as in that's it How could you go to question mark online one? I'm always fascinated by those. Hello Hollywood. Hey Neil, how are you doing? Okay sir. Well, you know, Jeff and George I don't know about those guys, but Harry's okay Yeah, yeah I got it. I'm just moving along you know I don't know if you've talked about this but American Airlines did you hear about the news today? No, you're not gonna tell me that 58 and employees got the rest of it. My main international airport Actually, I can rest it. I probably been probably been the number one. How did I just turn on? No, I thought first thing out of the box this morning because I actually watched the news I'm like both of these people out there that are watching reading the funny papers. I was there watching those. Yeah Well, now you know why your plane was delayed some of that I thought that exactly my impression that that's why all the American flying circles late because they had to scope out to get just the right bags and then of course they got have a rip snorting time There in between you know, I'm loading and offloading and unloading and loading. Yeah, I said But luckily is the customers when you're that's not your main function Right, you're making your money to the back of it anyway. They do something constructive All right, thanks Have a great day and goodbye to American Airlines forever. Okay. You're through you're done and the best part of it is they don't care They don't give a crap Last two days that a bunch of wise guys from over there call I mean we did have a few American employees who you know Called it in a apologize and feel very bad and admit that they work for a crappy company and they're pretty embarrassed about it And there are a lot of you know I'm very careful to point that out because I know there are a lot of folks who do work over there who work very hard And our conscientious and try to do the best they can and I feel sorry for them because they work for a really crappy outfit That doesn't give a crap about the public or doing a kind of job that we expected to do when you're paying to the nose I should have said to the nose Yeah, when you fly American it's going through the nose and your money too 560 50 50 50 Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line it's 1156 who are QA and we're waiting on pins and needles. I'm on the edge of my chair We got Orlando else a Gary out there. We got Josh Friedman. We got the got the mishpulco sitting down there at the courthouse Waiting for the verdict in the Tony Martin trial in a drug money laundering trial. We're waiting We got the verdict yet. No, but we're waiting on it and the moment that we got it you'll have it And why you're so excited about it. I have no idea. I hope you know I'm not gonna say that again. They get all over me when I say that. I don't know I'm not if he didn't read in the order fees really just that stupid, you know And in this one particular case, I think compared to all these others come back Tony Martin ain't that bad of a guy You never stole a freight train, okay? Maybe he's just a little my little bit dumb. You think he's a little uh, well whatever 4 minutes before noon at 560 wqam. We can hope we can hope he's that dumb Hello citizens this is Batman You know even though I'm a fictional character the why 2k problem is real in other words I may be from the comics, but there's nothing funny about why you okay? So what can you do John and Jane Citizen? That's right if you have the time right now one out into the streets and Spring you have a like a little girl yelling why 2k why me? Oh, it's just good You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue do you? I can tell you now Talk about can goes then withdraw all your cash from the bank and bury it in the backyard But the careful of you have a canine friend then shall your computer? It'll be about as useful as the fat signal is noon You might as well get some money out of it now so you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting more unlike Robin Mike suck it down thinking it's right G then you gotta get his stomach pump by rushing to the emergency room I do don't want to do it in costume because he pretend to laugh at Batman when he's not on the single screen by being dry and they always please Robin because his outfit is so Yay, but I digress this is Batman when it comes to why do k don't For your Joker Yeah, it's so tight too. Yeah, it's the 12 out to a 560 WQAM by the way Hey, I'm reminded of this strong a third man was once a Democrat officer, but you guys can have no 560 50560 pound 560 on the mobile one line See, I think everybody out there should get real panicky now. You know one of the stores start buying up a lot of water Can goods batteries fly slides lumber Go to home depot go to public school when dixie buy out everything they got don't even need for anybody else just buy up everything You got go to a panic They're showing that on the news again last night. I mean we got you know those three storms out there and even even Ryan Norcross even Miss Norcross is saying I It's not gonna hit here. We don't really have to worry about and when when she says it's not gonna let hit here And you don't have to get all out of work nervous that means just cool a little bit You know start you know making some plans get a few things here in there But that doesn't mean you got to take 10 shopping carts and fill it up with all the bottle water they got in the store and Go into a deep panic. You know nothing we want to get your nervous, but Man crazy people Five see there's no such thing as moderation that's either just go absolutely nuts or be oblivious and just to sit back 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line Here's Pembroke pie and hello Yes, sir. Are you doing today okay? Yeah, I have to agree with just about everything you said about that a class of applicants and how it's pink and all that You doing a good set of the community However, I have to disagree with what you say yesterday about Jenny from Luppet Oh Being the given day that I am Being the human guy that you are you where those Puerto Ricans man. I'll get you every time I like that behind me and I'm done with you and that's what I forgot about that you like that Exactly Don't get it right Neil. I'm sorry to say I don't get it night. Oh wanted you right well You're all yours the things that the Neil see looks and that's the decision what she go But then what she comes I mean he's I'm I will look at that better from the from the answer and black Oh, yeah, absolutely look at that for the next 20 years. Okay, okay good luck Packer Okay, most of the other guys here will take Brittany and you can have Jennifer anytime you want you can have that big acid What will do is just cut the s off for you to the ask your house and then we'll take what's your name? Ryan Kirie We'll just take that one gigantic breast that she's got because you have to have like a reason, you know And we'll just no we'll chop that off and what will do with send you a bunch of body parts Like body Like a Mr Potato Head like body augmentation. You know, we'll just have a city of a bunch of body parts and you stick it wherever you like so to speak Five so that's right. It's global groove on MTV right now, but why do they keep you know so many margin when they find The ugly people and they leave them on for a long especially the darker ones. I shouldn't have said that I mean, you know, there's a lot of good looking darker people, but not on that show I'll tell you who ate a bad looking guy by the way. I shouldn't say it Tough daddy He's not a bad looking guy I don't think I wouldn't five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one One line well just to pre-o and he and their light complexity like Malcolm on a young in a horny They can't all be that light because otherwise then there'd be no dark people and then how can we tell the humans apart? Here's a mobile in Cooper City, hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I'm Neil. You got you got to understand it's been a slow hurricane season up until the end of August And it's the lead story on every local on every local newscast Yeah, they got they got a jump on well the only thing we got going here now. We got the Tony Martin trial and we got the Storms and in fact care and what do they call it trouble in the tropics? You know how channel 7 always has some hysterical headline Where we have trouble in the tropics. I was surprised that they call it terror in the tropics I thought they were talking about the Tony Martin story. Yeah, all that. Uh-huh. No, they're talking about the American Airlines story They just didn't realize you Neil all these all these conservatives are very right wingers who call into you I think that there's there's so brainwashed and and there's so a set that there agenda might be shaking They think that they're gonna they're gonna get their a Christian value leader into the White House Everything in this country will be fine and I think it shakes them up when something happens and they can't realize Of people people and everybody's made mistakes. Yeah, and that's why they sound so damn paranoid about it And you know so much for campaign 2000s it will be another boring and pondering I'm gonna put you into a deep sleep. I can't stand it, but but Neil I'm not I'm not ripping a sponsor don't hang up on me, but you run a you expensive you run a few Accentary commercial yeah, and the wife in their set What is this What what just happened to this guy? What just happened to him We run a pure century commercial and then I even get the last part and he just that that was it I don't know what he said bizarre what me no, we didn't touch it so whatever you were gonna say 560 pound five 60 out of mobile one on that was incredible Here's a lady in Boynton Beach, hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. I wanted to tell you I heard this on CNN twice now well that makes it true In this case I hope it is CIA applicants must take a lie detector Yeah, yeah, see it You know not if they if that is the test show that they smoke marijuana They go on with a death safe nord But if the test shows that they have used cocaine the test is dropped immediately and they're no longer considered right absolutely correct So I think all of these people that are taking a flight leave where a future predator is concerned We ought to stop and think I mean we can't even get someone into the CIA with it Amen. Okay. Thank you much Tell George to take a powder. Thank you a BC powder 12885 60 WQM 560 505 60 pound five 60 out of mobile one line at 20 Martin vertefidion yet the town is injured on it No, Linda Robertson. She's still a dumb bitch by the way I don't want to sound sexist okay, but women should not be writing about men's sports Let her write about the WNBA Let her write about women's soccer Let her write about the the taffy pole badminton something like that, but cut the crap We don't need that because it doesn't work just like Jane Chastain member her and fill us George and all of those people Forget it It doesn't cut it doesn't cut the mustard baby just stick to something you know about which is not football Okay, Linda you silly person you you very very silly super silliest Ambacil and by the way you the hero and the very jackass a perfect trafactor a match made in purgatory By a plothorra of a silly people I'm sorry 1209 at 560 WQM hey Oh Don't you move to a son you've got to feed off sport that that's just looking down too dense Don't記 the changes away I Are That Odla... You're still guilty Your worst one, you've done an answer and my debt is purer There's some no change in your man You'll never see me 10 ممن что dal Do watch朝 we have so many. 15500 6 Dow and join you I'd like you to be part of grandma trust who I'm to be part of the abok.com WQM celebrity golf tournament by reserving your spot or a force him to play with celebrities like Al-Downing, Pedro Guerrero, a spot web, spot web, Dwight Stevenson and many more by calling 305, 650, 0163, sponsored by next-tell, the barbecue superstar,bearance vends where Ann security world in the national. Spot web, anybody know who that is? Oh, that is. Okay, our topic today, building the perfect body. We got Jennifer Lopez's breakfast. Britney Spears, the boobs, whether they're we're not. Who said do we put on there? How about, well, no, I'll take that back. The Doritos girls boobs was Britney Spears head. Huh, now you're starting to work on it. I'll just take the Doritos Earth. And as far as the guys are concerned, we'll take, and what's the thing, Barry Watson is that way, we'll put his head on the Nick from 98 degrees on his body. And who's, the wee attached to it? Five six, that no, not John Holmes. See, I have at least size queens, and that bothers me tremendously. People who don't care whether it's breast or the male member, they don't care what they're attached to as long as they're gigantic elephant-times, few mongus, I don't understand that at all. Here's our guy that got kidnapped by the beauty dealer. Hi Neil. What happened? God, your own system blows. Oh, it does, it's the worst. It wasn't me, but anyway, I don't know what we're doing. I think they got an automatic chip in our phones system. And if you say something that might sound like something they don't want on the air, it automatically blocks the rest of your call. It read my mind pertaining to bills in for, and the woman on that commercial last, she cackles, just like bills in for, you have quite bad deal. You got to listen to it. Yeah. And that's all I got. But as far as the readows grow, what's wrong with her by herself? Now I'll buy herself your right, good point. Cool, God, get off the phone and go to work. OK, thank you Neil. Yeah, the readows you will who's in the 98 degrees video. So there's something very buddy in there, believe me, especially when Jeff and Nick are like a private restart naked. And then of course, when the albino says, that's dope, you know, for a little comic relief. And alib Andre. And what is it? Alib Andre. That's her name, former Miss America or Miss USA. Is she related to the timeline, everybody? Chan? Oh, you wouldn't know who that is. Oh, go test. Like I said, let's take his head off and put somebody else's head on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. I don't want to sound racist. They're not that OK. But why do we have to see all these ugly dark, complexed people? If you're going to put dark, complexed people, put them good looking ones on there. How would that be? Just for a moment. No, they don't want to do that yet. God, here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. I was wondering about what's your position on the new South-Forene is taking on the gun issue? My position on what? The gun issue that California is taking to close that gun show down. It's a great Western gun show. The biggest one out was. Yes, sir. They closed down. They had 35,000. What is this? It's great. I'm about there. They have 30 or 35,000 people or nearly attend that thing. And Los Angeles County supervisors said, by a three to two vote, they said, no way Jose, we're closing it down. You're not going to hold it. They have a lawyer. They're stepping right to the end. And I'm right there. Right. They're sticking at two and sharp. And we understand, eh, too happy. Use some of that. Too bad. Who bad is right? He's crying in the beer. I want to say that I wouldn't kick Jennifer Lopez out of bed for eating crackers or anything. And I'd like to give out a two stack to someone. Yeah, go ahead. Five, seven, you're a douchebag. OK, pal. Thank you very much, deal. You're doing a good job. Yes, I am. Thank you. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the a mobile one line. As we continue searching for the perfect time killer until we get that Tony Martin verdict. I guess they probably won't give a vote him to laugh to two. You know, where man, he's his own from Schuillus. Well, we don't want to have it during a non-sports show. That would be no fun. And then very jackass will get all up. So like you got upset a couple of, you know, when we first were on here, we wouldn't interrupt to put that stupid guy named Jimmy Johnson press conference on here or whatever that hella was. And very jackass got all up. So very jackass who, by the way, has never written word one since he was so skeptical about putting me on his radio station on an all sports radio station, never written word one about the fact that this is the highest rated show by power in his radio station, month in and month out, book in and book out. Never written a word about that. Happy a very good. Just like Tom Jicken, never would have word about this spring rating book or about the guy that MCC find. Or anything else that has to do with something going on in this town. Because the quality, like I've told you before, you can't complain about the journalism in this town, because generally speaking, there isn't any. Once in a great while by accident, either Fred Grimm or somebody or write a column that's pretty good. And I'll read it on the air, Carl Heiss and we steps right in about manatees and crawling things in the Everglades. But that's a rarity. That's a real rarity occasion when it happens. More often than not, you got the swill, like Linda Robertson's thing this morning about Danny Boy, how he embarrassed himself. The only one who had barrised himself this morning was you, Linda, and your cohorts there at the Harold. We would say fish wrapper, but that would be... Well, they're just obsessed with him. They're just the psychotic. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, animal, one line. See, I'm graduate, I may still like them, but I'm moving on to 98 degrees and I do. That's the greatest that video. The song, the video, everything. And even you like the video. Even though you don't like them, and you don't like the song and never less to bed. Just keep it on your knees and thank them. I'll make it in that video. There you go. It's a great song. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, animal, one line. And we got to have somebody calling and tell us next last name again from 98 degrees, because I began with a T, like who's with a T? Somebody will call. Why don't they tell you, you know, if you're going to put out an album, you know, why not tell us your last name would be a good idea. Here's Kendall, hello. Kendall. Yeah, I really am. 5, 6, 70, 5, 6, Pond, 5, 60, animal, one line. I really am such an F, whatever he said. What do you say? Something with the knife. Here's my me, Lake, Sillow. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Speaking. Yeah, first on the third, great show man. And how did I know? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, animal, one line. Two and a row. You're a people by the way again. You're just not a control. Like I said yesterday at the end of the show. It's like somebody flushed the gigantic toilet in the Caribbean. And every turn from the Caribbean to float it up on the shores of South Florida. And they all listen to the thing around your show two by the way. Here's my any, hello. Welcome Neil. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome. You did another funny voice three and a row, huh? Tri-fected time. I didn't know the track was open as early. 5, 6, 70, 4, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60, animal, one line. Julio's rattling their spears again to the, they can't cope with it. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Are you Neil? Yes, sir. First time I've been inspired to call the talk show. Yes, sir. There's no other time. Uh-huh. Did you ever hear, I don't know anything about George Bush's, uh, about his little job, yeah. But did you ever hear the guy by name of Dan last year? Dan last year? Yeah. Dan last year was, uh, one of Bill Clinton's best friends. It's not his best friend. Yeah. Okay. Now, I had a, I had a reason to make his acquaintance when we're both on a server, I don't know, it's up in New York some years ago when it is 70, 70, the watch is up from down below. Yeah. Anyway, um, he, I know, uh, was later convicted of, uh, cocaine smuggling and did some time. Yeah. And on occasion, he would drop Clinton's name and I don't think he was an aim drop, but because everybody knew we knew important people. Yeah. And he made reference on several occasions to his using blow with Clinton. And at the time, I didn't even know who he was. Yeah. And then he called me, you know, he's a governor of York. He closed, yeah. Right. And I said, well, he, oh, he's a guy who made the speech at the convention. And then I remember who he was, you know. And he, you know, he made reference to several occasions that he was, he used to drugs with, with Clinton. Yeah. So I believe that story. But, almost, I'm 99% I didn't see it, but I'm 99% sure it was true. And so what's the significance of that? That's the thing, only that it's his latest lie that he never used cocaine. No, that's all. Does that affect, does that have any relevance to George W? No, not really. I don't care. One way they have a who does one. Okay. Test of what's true. You know, I think it's true. Right. What's good for the goose? It's good for the game. Exactly. Thank you. Okay. Whatever he said, five and other G doesn't really care. 560, 505, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. George picked up the phone. That little big cheesy blaster guy. I didn't know it was picking up the phone. Right, there's the funny. Listen, I saw a movie last night on TV with Jennifer Lopez. Yeah. What a dog. Oh, my God. Yeah, she's wrote this. Oh, my God. She got a big ass. You know, the Cubans are in the big ass. It's a little bit of a snucky. That's it. I meet her with the Grande Curo. Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. And then the biggest and the candies. The best candies in the world. Not far more spanish. That's a one. No. No. He's the sees chocolate. Who? F-E-E-C. They're California. They're California and Nevada. The only two states that have them. They're in Nevada. They make them fresh daily. Yeah. They're in Nevada and California. You can get them in Reno. You can get them in Vegas. You have to go to the mall. It's an old lady. It's an old lady. It's an old lady. It's an old lady. It's an old lady. She's a-that's her face. That's her face. That's an old lady. She's a lady. She's a runner. I see. So, best sees. When you go out to Vegas, that's for sees chocolate. It blows up, uh, panty's farmer. But forget about, I was being sarcastic about panty's farmer's panty. I was, uh, that's a, that's a lemon. It's a good one in Vegas. Oh, I want to-I'll look for sees next time. See, the best. Okay. Neil. Can I call someone a fish? Sure. Tom? At Miller construction? You're a big cheesy dish. But okay. See ya. Fine. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Course, that's what Jasmine Kay used to say. Two, it'll look what happened to him. You know what I'm saying? Jasmine Kay. Oh, yeah. See ya. Don't see him no more. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. Let me see it again. Are we ever, I mean, I would say I'm trying to pick back over these twenty three years. Maybe about eight. Eight calls that come to mind from Julio. Is that of course, we don't check are they Cuban Puerto Rican Mexican? I think they're probably from Guatemala. What the hell? Yeah. I'm sorry. They had a lot of water. I can't say it right. Like Isabella Cassada. But eight calls that we were like contribution to the show that we either are informative or amusing or entertaining, something like that. I've been in that one. You consider we've got what? 72 million Hispanics down here at South Florida. It's very depressing and embarrassing I would think to all of us that the contribution level is so minimal. I mean, the fact that there are so many of these people out there listening, that's a start. You know, that's a good start. But actually, they have something to say. That really, there isn't where the test comes in, you know? And maybe they were finna swaying them. Maybe they were Colombian, I don't know. My Colombian friends, baby. And they all tell me, don't go to Colombia because if you do, don't go. You won't be planning on coming back. Don't pack too much stuff with you. Don't take a lot of luggage. Because it'll be a one-way journey. 26 at 5.60 WDQ, and we're still waiting on our verdict. We get the verdict yet on the Tony Martin Tri. One of the waitings, or what are they deliberate and waitings? Come on, let them off and let them play. I don't even care about the dolphins anymore or the NFL to be honest with you. Let them all, let them all. You never still look free. Traidies not a bad guy. That's what Danny Boy said. Just a pistol in the Robertson off. Let them out. Right now. Suit them up. Let's have Joseph Gacky do the interview. 26 pass no. That's 5.60 WQ. I am your B-Camp T. That data need. And that's the 50-year-old. He got a tail remuncer on that. He sees that. And she will pass round. That's never loaded down a big doorway. He looks like a sort of suit. Well, we've got all the mom. That guitar was getting wild. Turned out. Now she had to stop. I think he made this a fine. He was thinking, I'm real. He was talking to Dallas. But that's his own ear. You got your head. You got your head. You got your head. You should get a little grunt on that. There's a good belly to go. And the good. Yeah, she will shine on that. There's a good belly to go. He's got 32. At 5.60 WQM 5.60, 705.60, Pound 5.60 in a mobile one. On our challenge today. And the last hour and a half of the day show. Let's hear from a one or two Julios. I mean, that's a start. Well, actually, he has something to say about anything. Do you think that's possible? No. Huh? And it's about I can't. What do you mean by that? No, I think it's a great idea. It's a challenge. Are they up to the challenge? No. It's the 64% challenge. No. 5.60, 50, 50, Pound 5.60 on a mobile one line. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Finally, all you doing? Okay, sir. The alternators actually make it their way because of the jury reads anything like any other Jersey scene in half hours of deliberation. No, no, look, that doesn't. No. It's what they're probably trying to do is figure out a way to other. Kind of a compromise, verdict. To try to get maybe Tony on the Lester charges. And I'm freaking the other guys already dead the rights. When I'm unable to read. Right. But it looks like they're just going to try to figure out a way. Just the thought would ever decision to come up with. Because jury don't sit out this long. If you're looking to make a guy look not guilty. Right. They're out invited to the time. So they don't. Yeah, but what happened? Very good possibility may have a couple of dolphins and fans. And they were rolled out to a wide wide by. It was an obvious play by the sense. Which Broadway was the right thing to do? I just want to do it. I want to do it. You've got a public figure. You've got to play every card you got. Right. Especially since your guys not terribly articulate. And can't really explain how it is. You watched that 250,000. Yeah, and maybe you was just that stupid. You know, I mean, after all you say a profile player. Well, that, yeah, and nobody wrote it. Don't forget to get a fanwag. So the business advisors around him. Yeah. And the most damaging customer they apparently can't. One of the advisors who quit said, hey, man, I'm not going to turn him up. I'm not going to dirty myself with this stuff. You know what's going on at which point I guess Martin's supposedly said, well, I don't want to know. Don't tell me. Now, you can read his voice. Yeah. But it's not really, hey, listen. We're a quick man. Another issue while you're building the perfect woman. Don't want any suggestions. But none of the other topic. You may be able to build the worst talk show host. You know, take somebody's voice. Somebody's last somebody's last. Somebody's last. Yeah. We got that one. There you go. Okay. Thanks. Here. That's the next little idea. 5605050. Of course, I guess so we got the, we already haven't beat to that. Do we? We had the worst talk show host all in one body, the other night. Jersey. Yeah, I think that's the one. The worst lips, the worst voice, the worst personality, the worst, you name it. That's him. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, first of all, have a great vacation. Thank you. You've led the community if you take any of this summer when the whole day. I'll be here tomorrow. I'm not going anywhere. I'll be here tomorrow. Okay. Secondly, the perfect female body of the church, Celebration I had to wait. She is just perfect. Yeah. Just perfect. And the perfect. I'll be back in the day. And the day, John McCain. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Here we go. He covered all the bases. What was that racket in the background? I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a lot of Hill. Hello. With a question mark. Yeah. I know you said prison which was in the arcade on the archives, but I still never heard it, and I really like it. You played it. Okay. Well, why do you sound too defensive about it? I don't know. I listen to you and show all the time. Right. And I never get lucky. Well, you got lucky today, Pearl. All right. Thanks a lot. And I'll be back in a second. And a prison bitch too. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm going to go to the day. I mean, we're actually doing a show here. Somewhat. We don't have some people hanging around in here. We hear where that chair by the way. Oh, it's written right in here. Good. I guess that means Jason can't come in here and eat anymore, too, right? Oh. Not that we want to eat these people to take it personally, right? But it's just that this isn't the Christian science reading room or lunchroom or any of those things. And it's just a breath of first year. I feel like we've been allowed off a death row for a day or two. Here's Holly. Here's Holly with Hello. Mr. Rogers. Speaking. How are you doing, sir? Okay. A question. You're talking about politics in about the, you know, who's up for election. Okay. How come in a country with 270 million people? They only give you the choice of two political parties. Is that said? I'm from here. The country where you go down very often, Holland. 15 million people. Same population is Florida. And the last election we had sex political parties. And you're like that. We have the choice. We have the green. We have the society. We also have the best education system in the world. Happy. And our lawyer, sir. That's what I read. That's the truth. The kids in Amsterdam. The best test scores of any country. Not only Amsterdam. They're all of Holland. Absolutely. I've been that's been like that for the last 100 years. Right. You know, it's a country, history, it's a country. We treat them. We're talking about freedoms here in the US. Right. We don't have any freedoms in the US. they only give you two choices and I think it's a shame that in the country with, you know, 270 million people, they can't find one or two guys that would, you know, would have, who will represent the majority of the population and everybody will agree with that, but we took the with a two political party system for a get-at-ser. I'll be there, Dr. Bell. I'll be there. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. As we continue rolling along, sing it a song, not gonna those days off on a calendar, Mark and off those big marks, Marky marks, not the like it man. Hey, I'll tell you what else there's nothing like a great stoichi in your mouth. And if you're under a lot of stress, you know, or if you're really worried about the Tony Martin verdict, if you're worried that you can lose your bets on a guy named Balkan's, all these other things. Just pop a great stoichi from next to cars and you're mothlighted up and puff away. And all of a sudden, all your problems will just kind of like go up and smoke. That's what they say at that airline, you know, and I want to mention it's name. All your problems will go up and smoke sometimes in the cabin. How you airing, shit like this? You know, you don't tell me you've done to wonder why you're not looking at me. You say no more than a thief. Tell me that you're real. No. Don't tell me you've done to wonder why you're leaving. Tell me if there's no change. You're fooling up and you play. Tell me that that's your role. And I just didn't tell him. They're under the edge of sweat and end this haunting game. I'm baby. Get them open now. I'm fumbling up and down. Just promise them, they did that they did it. They did it for your revenge. Get them such a thing to eat. I don't feel like they're taught me to find a man to read. Be as kind as I don't want to. Have to jump and see. I don't get to be a smile. I don't need to be true. I want to be true. Okay. So Jason says he'll take the rest of the different ways. The other guy can have a breakfast. He'll take the rest. Which, you know, to which it's on. Not everybody can have good taste. Daniel Mom teacher gave son drugs and booze. That ain't you beat mother from play in Hollywood police Tuesday. That a Broward school teacher accused of having an 18 month sexual affair with a former student gave her son the prescription drug. Then ex. The mother branded Del via 42 also said her 17 year old son accompanied Beth Friedman and another teenage boy and a weekend fishing trip in which the other youth had sex with Friedman and both boys were given alcohol and drugs. I like that. Huh? As the story. I was trying to give her the benefit without the other day. Which he deserves, you know, before we fry her ass. But she's getting into with a little bit deeper and a little bit deeper and it ain't looking too good. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm looking too good. Because all you guys out there, I'm all the better. All the young guys and all the older guys wish that they were young again. So they could have teachers like this. But guess what, uh, probably not acceptable. A little better looking. Well, she's 40 years old now. There's good looking 40 year olds. How about if maybe she was 35? I think she's still be ugly. Judging from the picture. Here's a whole year old and South Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a whole year and I do have something to say. And I can't believe I've mentioned it about the cursing canoe. Are you didn't hear about that? No. It was on the news last night. I don't know if it was any other papers. This guy was writing his canoe up in deer fields or dangerous somewhere around there. And it falls off his canoe. So he starts cursing up a storm. Meanwhile, there's an off-duty storm trooper who hears him and gives him a citation for cursing. This sounds like this story we hadn't mentioned about two months ago. Well, this was hear from Florida. I just thought I'm a news last night. So the guy's cursing. He gets a citation. So he takes it to court because he figures. I mean, that's the answer. So he can't wait to get the fine and more days of community service cleaning up the river where he was canoeing. Uh-huh. I mean, there's any question of the reason why this country's in the shape. But it's because all the time in effort for some guys that a couple curse words. He's over there. There you go. Okay, five six seven. Five six. Do you see what I mean? It's just it's hopeless. I mean, I leave the challenge on that. What? Told you it was a bad idea. No, no, it's a good idea because it just it puts the spotlight out there. They just can't do it. They cannot do it. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Sullivan, the history of mankind, has a gigantic number of people from any general area. I'm not saying all one country. But any general geographical area of the world come to one land and contributed so little to a radio show. Here's Miami. Hello. I guess I didn't need to a radio show that part. Hello. Miami. Somebody's dead on the back. Yeah, okay. They couldn't do it either. Another one of your people. Why is he opening the door in there again? Okay. Don't open the door. In Jason. Get in the menu. Get out of here. Here's a mobile and palm beach. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a who we owe, but I'm a. I was born and raised in America. So I don't know if that counts as count. I don't know. Okay. Well, I got that. I just want anything my count. I got some things I could talk to you about. I'm a wild cod listener. I used to listen to you and I was a kid in the her with late 70s. My dad on AM radio on my way to school. He's last for our bus off. But reason why the old people were all down here is because if they go anywhere else they're going to die. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know, you're in any other hospital anywhere else. And you know, you know, it's a status about. Yeah. I got a dad that you've got good healthy Jewish. Doctors down here in Miami. He moves up north and I don't know what it is. But up there, all there are is a camel jockeys for doctors. And they just about killed him up there. So, you know, I don't know what's going on with all that. What happened to the good American names like Goldstein or Bloomberg. I've got Russia and so on. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I've got my age about 25, you know. You know, all doctors, heart surgeons. One guy looks like a guy. I just see him in the doctor. Well, I got some of his private those cabs. You know, I could see a little. I'm looking at his heart surgeon up back to him. And I could have sworn. I went to the 70s. I don't even have a 30. He told me a six pack of beer. Okay. Well, listen to me. Okay. You too, right. And good luck to you. Whatever you said. What do you say? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. 13 minutes. Yes, sir. Yes. Hi, Neil. Are you on a speaker phone? Yes. I'm on a speaker phone. Pick up the instruments. We can. That's very. I do. I do talk to you before. Anyway, I just want to contribute. I'm probably one little proper with them. Yeah. I'm concerned. Yeah. Yeah. And my wisdom is this. Anybody who comes from elsewhere here? Yes. I always say when in Rome, to like do the ones do. People come here and they want to bring all their. But last, like they want to eat crap. So they come here and it crap. They want to hear crap and these are another. The more successful, the more successful, a bunch of people who have accomplished that. Come from the south. Which is where I come from. And I believe that people should come here and kind of like try to acquire or kind of go to the flow. Like in the old days, the Italian scamed Ukrainian scamed everybody came here and they just went with the flow. You know, they blow the flow, right? I know of us come here. The South Americans and whatever the Caribbean. And just want to try to change this. Now the job behind all this is what I'm going to tell you. Just Mexicans have been the servants of Americans in California. That's an elsewhere for years for Ian. And now it all is firing back. The words we're going to be 20 something million, a minority. Which should I have a neutral, observant person of these phenomena. Shoot just, directly call to attention to blacks. You know, who are so jumpy and all that? 2000 years coming. Blacks are going to be down below the Latino people. Whether or the Jennifer Lowe. I want to talk about that. Blacks are reproducing like like cockroaches just to begin. I mean, you know, we should come here and be there. You want to live here. Look, it's you. So the country that I'm coming from. What country is that? I was born in Guatemala. Guatemala? Yes. I was not like this washer or anything. I was a little boy and my parents and me here at the Russian. I know. Oh, I let you boy. And I went there to school and whatever. That was a long time ago. I see this high. I tried to adapt to the system. Yeah. Because I went, I came here to study that I had an edgy study to stay here. Yeah. So I'm not going to start by knowing in this country, which is the greatest country in the world. No, it's not. And that's what it means by knowing. I know that. Yeah. Now it's not. I hear all these little people. Yeah. That's right. Now they got a big mouth. Good point. Charlie. I mean, you have to bow down. Do you provide or kiss a good? I'm the ring. Charlie. Now you got it. Have a great day, pal. You too. Thank you. Right. What do you say? 560. You said it very eloquently. Whatever was. And pound five 60. On the mobile one line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I got an update for the Toni Martin case. Yeah. Yeah. I just saw a CMBC on my way back from a launch. They're going to have a continuous fill Friday. What they're going to do is going to bring in. Sammy Smith is a character witness for the defense. Uh-huh. Yeah. I heard they were bringing an OJ for it. And also I heard that. Roll. I was going to come in. I will. J. He's a little busy now. You know, he's got a Mark Duber was coming in. Duber lives over here in Call Spring. I heard Mark Clayton's coming in. Clayton's coming in too. They're all going to come in. I heard they're bringing Lawrence. Tell us back for the last process for a couple hours. Yeah. Now that the nature is under contract. I hear he may show up. Oh, you know, he's he's over at the ministry right now. He'll be available later with Reggie. I think he could be. I had a quick project. Yeah. I got a problem. My dog got this dog here and he's scooped or something or like that. Oh, he's going. Yeah. I wish the scouting lady were still here. Did you tell me anything about that? He can and he needs to have his ankles expressed. Oh, really? I call anal express wide right or take him to the vet. Yeah. He has to have his ankles expressed. Oh, do they have a 2.5% APR nano. Yes, they do. All right. Thank you. Okay. Good luck. Okay. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. Here's a lady in Miami Lake. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Okay. I have a comment for the guy from Watermato that he said this to countries the bomb. He's right. It is a bomb. Now let's talk about the act as a. Yeah. Um, what advice can you give me about this? 48 trianets. Yes. What advice can I give you for what? So the act as a. About what? What's the question? Do you consider like the fajita from a taco as that considered bread? Of course. Okay. Can't have that. Okay. No, because I lost some imponds and I started last Sunday. Yeah. So no, if I heat this sweetheart. Okay. Just eat the stuff out of the middle. Just use the fajita as a holder. So just meet these eggs. There you go. Okay. Okay. Keep it up sweetheart. All right. That's your 48 trianets. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 8. 7. 7. 9. 8. 6. 8. 7. 10. 7. 7. 9. 6. 7. 10. 11. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. Come on, let's get with it, okay. Let's start like the guy from Guatemala, I'll say, doing the Romans the Roman way. Because when you rub them the wrong way, they start getting really pissed off. And then they're calling them their assistant friend, and you got real tourists. 1256 at 5.50 WQAM. You can't kill him! I have me! Who's on the day? It's not just the one to two hour. It's the phenomenon. Wow, it's really hot out. This sucks! Did someone say it's really hot out? And this sucks? Yes. Well, I've got just the thing for you. Oh, gross! Is the all-new? Well, blow-brand air conditioner. Oh, man, what did you eat? There's nothing like that. Sweet, cool breeze on a hot blistery day, right? Yeah. All right. You stop doing that, please? Well, blow-brand is the best. Fight, back off! Can you imagine just one more day of this hot stuff? I know, then pick up the phone and call blow-brand. They are conditioning today. Oh, yeah! There he's a friendly, cool way! Blow-brand air conditioning. Loud and annoying. But works great. And it blows. Wanna clock at 5.60 WQAM? We got your manage from Schulos Day 2 at 2 o'clock. We got Bonnie B. Talking Baseball. It says here, 6 to 7. I still can't figure that out. Because maybe there's no pre-game show tonight, because that possibly would be in. And then the Marlins and the Diamondbacks again, 7 o'clock tonight. As the Marlins after that, great comeback last night. They tie it up with 4 runs and they lose anyway. Anybody care? No. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, hi, Neil. Oh, yeah. Great. Hey, I'm a booleo and I have something to contribute. All right. I would American Airlines Fireport. OK. I understand from a source on the inside that they employ a lot of X NFL football players. Yeah. They also employ a lot of flamers. So here's another guy that's got nothing to say, is that it? Is that what you were, sir? Another booleo with nothing to say? No, they also uh, uh, and you're also an asshole. It's just amazing to me. It says it, it's like an ethnic stuff. I never realized this before. It's like an ethnic trait. What is it? I'm going to cry. Oh, that's true. There really is. He's a whole lot that's got something to say. And right away, here come the things. Here's the attempt to be a comedian. Here's the attempt to do the little homophobic stuff. It's pathetic. I mean, you know, it must be a self-hating thing. I understand, you know, that you're a little bit confused because you were raised with that real a strict Catholic upbringing and a macho thing. And you're very uptight about your tremendous yearnings for other men. I understand that. But don't take it out on me. Unless you want to, of course, I don't care. I'm used to it. I mean, I'm embarrassed for you, people are, and it's just amazing to me. George is embarrassed. Well, that's because you're a professional human. But if you get over that, what's the difference with them? Well, your professional Jews, no, I'm not. The old Jews call here. Do I take that personal that there's such a bunch of assholes? So many of them out there doesn't bother me. I take great delight in calmness. Straight to spade. I'm taking my name to a private snack and the Jones. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? OK. I wanted to comment on people calling you even said that you're still up that this country isn't. I mean, there's this country is imperfect. But I've traveled. What other country would you consider better than America? Most of the countries in Western Europe. Such as Netherlands, Denmark, Australia, and Netherlands is great to visit. But to live? Have you lived there? I've been there, but I would have wanted to have you lived there. What's considered living there? Been there for two weeks. Is that considered living there? I've been there. I haven't been there. I'm not considered living there. Being somewhere two weeks doesn't mean you live there. I could tell. I could have been to Denmark. You could tell what? I could tell I would never, that's not a place to live. It's dirty. It's a great place to visit. There's a lot of things that it's dirty. Lotter drugs. And a lot of drugs. Where? You ever go to Amsterdam? Yeah, all I'd like to five times a year. You tell me you would like to live there? I'd love to. I'm going to live there. You're going to live in Amsterdam. Yes, sir. Well, I hope they don't tax the hell out of you there. Meaning what? The taxes in Western Europe are absurd. And you would want to live in Amsterdam. In other words, I don't pay absurd taxes here now. You pay high taxes here, but not absurd. Well, what's absurd? Well, what's the tax rate in the Netherlands? 60%. How do you know that? Because I know this. 60% on what? How much do you have to make the past 60%. How much do you think it's a, what I tax 60%. Yeah. I don't know the exact figure, though. Oh, you really know what you're talking about. How about Denmark? Have you ever been there? I haven't been at Denmark. And I would never want to live there. Who are there? What are the countries? But you know something, sir. It's a free world, okay? And if you, if you think this is a way, you get out of America. Get the hell out of here. I will. Leave. And you want to know why? Because assholes like you. That's why. That's why. Yeah, screw you. Screw you. See here's a guy. Again, it's typical of these people. You can't have a difference of opinion. You can't have a discussion. Oh, if you don't agree with him, screw you. Get out of here then, huh? You're a moron, man. You're an imbosal. Oh, it's guilty there and there's lots of drugs. Thank God, here's a software. We don't have lots of drugs. Thank God for that. Except over there at American Airlines this morning. 560, 50560. Screw you, Neil. Yeah, screw you. I don't like you attitude, man. Screw you. That's the American effort way. You have a different opinion. Screw you. That's where this guy went to school. I think screw you. And they sure did a good job too, by the way. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, you think that 98 degrees? What about that two from there? Yeah, yeah. 567, another mouth breather. Why don't you pick that word where we left off yesterday? We did about three hours today of a show and now we're regressing. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, yes, sir? Yeah, I saw something the paper did. I don't know if you saw it's about this Jewish kid's animal shine, by the way. Yeah. I've heard it all. Yeah, I heard it all. Yeah, I heard it all. Yeah, I heard it all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You said it'd be on weekend furloughs in a couple of years. This makes me sick because you know, it's such a huge and sort of more of a bad light than they think they already are. What are you doing by that? Well, I mean, just people that I know tend to have impression that they're arrogant. A lot of them in the obnoxious and whatever. But what I'm trying to say is if it had been another way around in the flat and can it kill a little Jewish boy and then fled the large and lowly Jew boy, yeah, okay, thank you. Little Jewish Jew boy. 560, 0560, pound 560. I'm going to tell you, man, here's this other asshole I called two calls ago. Just keep listening to these people and then you'll understand what a great country this is, okay, and about the great education system we got. Here's Daniel, hello. Neil, go on. I'm a recovering Catholic. I see my posture about twice a week. She's thinking a little more therapy, but I can't afford it. I hate to know what I'm going to cover it. I'd love to go to Amsterdam and I could probably give please cover this. What do you think? Let's go to a four-lautordale home. Hi, God. Yes, sir. How do you have yesterday when you closed your yesterday's record the right thing about the public place down here? I have believe that. But today is going to improve with the two. This is right. Everybody comes in there, I can't agree. I believe they're all in what the undesirable and even good kick in the head. So, there. I hope you're not there. I hope you're not there. Oh, Neil. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, I knew he was still there. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, where the slide. Oh, man, I'm going to tell you. I'm working, musta done a really good job at distributing that stuff. Yeah, get the spoon. Get the big spoon out. He's got the big, the, the, yeah. Here's Boker, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just so you know all your fans are in a bunch of football for you. Because there's some of us out here that like the pet chat boys. And, if you heard anything from the pet chat boys, you got anything coming out lately or? I haven't got any ideas. So, idea. No. Okay, Neil. Like we're showing you. Okay. Whatever that means. Whatever that says. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where the slide? Here's the lady in Miami. Hey, me, I'm on the radio. Uh, okay. I hope you have a nice vacation. Uh-huh. Does that mean that George will be on? Yes, man. I can. Yeah, I'm not. Another one of yours. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I'm telling you, you wonder why people get pissed off? Why people who live out have fled from this town? Just listen, these last couple of days. Listen, the last several years. Not just the last couple of days. But especially now that I'm offering I'm extending the hand of friendship. I'm extending an open invitation to any holios out there that I have an IQ larger than their thumbnail. But actually, I have something to say about anything. And yet, so far, I don't, if we had one, I don't think, no. Oh, no. Look at a mirror, honey. Mirror does what you'll see sweetheart. On two legs. Floridians, dumb-addirt. If you can't get enough of the likes of Dr. Laura, how about this? Oh, Dr. Radio! That's right. It's nothing but those syndicated self-help talks so to help you agonize 24 hours a day. I mean, please turn it off and say, stupid, oh, Dr. Radio! We knew you'd be excited to be doing tonight. First, enjoy your own following Dr. Loran. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Will. Dr. Sue Dr. Sue Dr. Dr. Dr. Ida. Dr. Doodlin Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Huck and Dr. T. And wrap it up with foot advice from Dr. Show. Why you're on? Hey, why don't you sit on that stupid old Dr. Radio! If you think you're already sick, a station should play nothing but music. Well, you don't know. Yeah, because we're going to cut you over the edge. And like, on my old Dr. Radio! Once they're 15 to five, 60 WCMI sediments, exactly. You know, the dumbest call I've had all month, and in the last couple of days, that's covering a lot of territory. With the young guy that called a couple of calls back with his song to dance about Amsterdam and the Netherlands. Screw you, Neil. You're so dumb that I'm embarrassed for you. Oh, it's dirty. No, it's not dirty. The fact is that anywhere in Europe, I hate to break it. It is to you. But those cities are older. They have a history. They've been there a long time. Most of the buildings haven't been built like in the last 100 years or 50 years or 20 years. And they don't have like a lot of glitchy strip shopping setters. But a lot of neon signs for you. Nothing dirty about Western Europe. The culture is like, there's something there. And the point is just hamburger joints, although we're doing a real good job of musical trading there with McDonald's and Burger King. That's a great American contribution to Western European civilization. You're a moron pal. You're an idiot. Just back that, back that, back up of those screw you men. Screw you with hell listen. Whatever you like, more power to you. Guess what? The rest of the world doesn't necessarily have to see the world and the world doesn't recognize asshole. And thank God some of us don't. Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello, Nia. Yes, sir. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever lived in a different country? No. How can you compare? How can I compare why? United States, living in different countries in the world. I can compare the conditions in other countries. I'd travel to Europe five times a year. I just came back from Europe. And? Caramel. Where was that? I mean, I mean, I didn't mean anything. I mean, I didn't mean anything. I didn't mean anything. I didn't mean anything. I didn't mean anything. I mean, everybody. Where are you been? Where else have you been in Europe? Name it. London. Italy. Italy. Italy? Italy. Where was that? What city? Rome. You were afraid to walk on a street. Yeah. You were afraid to walk on a street. Yeah, I've been in Rome a few times. They were robbing the people there. You talking about the pig pockets? Pig pockets. Let me ask you sir. Where is it safer to walk the street tonight in Miami or in Rome? I'd tell you the truth. I have to go stay for in Miami. You want to go? Oh, I just reached in Miami at night. Well, I don't. How many people have you been talking? How long were you in Rome sir? I've been three times in Rome. How long time I've been in Rome? Oh, I'm so bad. How can he what he's time? Three days. If he was so bad. If he was something. I took a cruise. That was on the cruise. I didn't mean anything. I didn't mean anything. I didn't. I didn't. A lot of people have been talking about three times. How many people have murdered when you were there? Three times. Not that I know of. How many people were shooting guns off in the streets when you were there? Well, in three days, I didn't really listen to the news and I know it's not enough time. But I lived in a different country. Let me tell you. Did what country was that? How is it? Is well. But who now wants to live there? Well, I lived there. I have no choice. My parents have been here. Yeah. Why don't you? I don't want to live in Israel. I don't want to visit Israel. If I want to see a lot of Jews, I can go to sunrise. I don't need to go to Israel. Well, that's okay. But we talked in over the world. No, we talked in over the world. We're talking about civilized countries. We're talking about Holland. We're talking about Scandinavia. We're talking about Germany. We're talking about a lot of other places. We're not talking about Israel. Well, we're not. You asked me to talk in the interview of Italy. Talk about the interview of Italy. You're a views of Italy. First of all, you're the people when I get out of the world. And you're talking about a few gypsies picking people's pockets. If that's your idea of being a dangerous place to live, then again, we have a different of opinion. Not only that. Go to Naples. I don't want to go to Naples. I don't want to go to Naples. There's nothing much slepherds in Naples. What's that? I don't want to go to Naples. You're afraid to sit in the car with your windows open. Yeah. How am I driving into overtime about nine o'clock tonight? Do you want to sit in overtime with your windows down? Well. Sir? Why open your windows? I don't want to change my question. No, I don't. I want. I do that for your questions. Yeah. But I've been almost all over the world. Yeah. I've lived in a different country. You live in Israel. You live in Israel. Right. You're comparing a country where you're surrounded by your mortal enemies. The constantly at war and you're comparing that with anything else. I'm not talking about that. I've been involved in wars. I've been involved in other things. I'm not talking about the war. If that's your opinion, you're entitled to it, but you're not going to convince me. Okay, sir. Okay. And have a great day. So I use on it. Psychotic about it. He went to Rome and they were robbing the people. I only been in Rome 60 times. You walked this street tomorrow noon and night. Everybody's friendly. There's a few gypsies. And if you can't tell the gypsies after the first 20 times you've been there, you're pretty guy damn stupid because they all wear the same outfit. They're all carrying the babies in their arms. They're practically like they're holding up a sign of saying, we're pit pockets. Any takers out there? Anybody want to come near us? That's the worst thing you got to worry about in Rome in Milan and Florence. I never saw any goddamn gypsies in Florence. And this guy's hockey me a China-combat. It was so dangerous and so bad there that he didn't want to get off the boat. Oh, man. This is special. This is great. Here's a mobile and top and a hello. Neil, guys. Yes sir. Haven't called you in a more warm, a reformed product. Yes. Anyway, what these years you've been talking about, you know, play socks, play stings, everything else. And I always just took a little grain of soil. But let me taste them. You were so right. You're so right to the point where I am a pack of you home Friday. I'm getting the hell out of here. Finally. This place is just a list as long as my arm. Yeah. With this stuff, I figured all the asshole, New York is around here. I'm going to go back up there. Might as well. Well, thanks for having the time in that appreciate it. Now, looks like on the web. Okay, good luck, Tom. Okay, there we go. Thank God he's not moving to Israel. You know what I'm saying? Oh, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the 18th, where the line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I have a quick question about me and P. This guy is trying to find funds now or the way to get his money from for his penny. The guy shot down. What are the new use the money that he's investing into the arena? The John Henry Stadium? And there isn't any money in any John Henry Stadium. There's no John Henry Stadium. No, well, that's what they're planning on doing. Using the church tax for it. Yeah. Church are more likely to use the bus and transportation. You know, they have better chance of using that thing going to a game. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's Kimsey. I can't tell you. I can't answer. I figured maybe you put a little two cents worth in there. I already put my two cents worth in there. I already put my two cents worth in there. I put about two million dollars in the effort on the penny sales tax. Making sure it didn't get get fast. But they go. Well, thank you. Okay. Have a great day. Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, while the line I kept you there, I'll ping this books. I'm sorry. Axin. Here's David. Hello. Hi. How are you? Okay, sir. I was just wondering, you know, why the American has the, or America has the problem with people trying to get into this country and these countries that you had to offer them about don't have the same problem. They don't. How about how about English? You've proven because you still live here. How about England? They don't have an immigration problem? Well, for Americans? No, no. No. Americans are not going to get out of this country. They're not moving out of the country. Why not? Well, not even Americans. It moved out of the country. People don't believe that. I mean, people don't believe it. It's a fact. It's not a question whether I believe not a black guy. It will back. You can't prove it. How do you know that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. But do you see you're a moron. You're an imbicil. How do I know it? Okay. There is nobody from America who ever moves to another country. Okay. You happy now, sir? Okay. Thank you. And the people that are clamoring to move into this country are from banana boat countries. There's slippers. There are people living under tremendous oppression living in rampant poverty and squaller. Those are the people knocking on the doors to come into America. We don't have long lines of people waiting to come into America from Italy, from Germany, from the Netherlands, from Switzerland, from England, from those countries. No, we do not, sir. From France. Thank God. See, this is the thing with most Americans. Most of them haven't been anywhere anyhow. Okay. I told you before, their idea of a vacation is a week in the store. A weekend in the Sunnis to Keat. That's the idea of a big, you know, a big, you know, a big, a scapade. And some of these people who have been somewhere, well, I tell you, you must really know that they had all a high spot. Scott, it was in Rome. Didn't want to get off the guy damn banana boat. He was so terrified because it was so dangerous. That could be one of the most stupid things I've ever heard in my life. He'd rather walk the streets in Miami at night than the streets in Rome. All I can say to that is sir. Here's Biscayne Park, hello. Hey, Neil, you are the man. Yeah, I'm the man. I am picking up in one week and fleeing this country in South Florida and going up north. Yeah. I cannot wait to get out of here. And I just wanted to call and say, thanks for early afternoon's of entertainment and call the people of real radio and more land of douchebags. Okay, sir. Good luck. Thanks a lot. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. We're the best, baby. We're the best. We're number one, God damn it. Wait that flag. Okay. Lot of cliches. Education system blows. Life expectancy right way way down there on the list. Quality of medical here. Do we have national health care? No. No. Even our friends to the north are a light years ahead of us on that. And I talked to the people up there about that. They're embarrassed for us. But you know, well, you're sufficiently brainwashed. It's great. Here's for a waterdale, hello. Yeah, what we'll deal. Yes, sir. My sister out in the west coast has the all-time praise that justifies what goes on. Every time I see there's something wrong here, she should well, that's the way it is. That's typical down here. That's a watercrank I said. You said what he says? That's the way it is. That's the way it is. Yeah. And that's that was her way of words that I spoke to her. When she called, he said, well, that's the way it is now hung up. Okay. Well, I guess I will too then. Okay. 560560, pound 560 on the... Well, that's, I guess what you're supposed to do after he said that. That's like a cue. That's the way it is. You know, and then... There you go. What that's out when chicken's on slow on it. Bad line, man. Slow as molasses. Here's the mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Neo, how you doing, buddy? Pretty good. Good. Let's say I want to correct that young lady to call the little while I go about George. Okay, great. Let's go to a mobile implantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, we're on. You're talking about other countries in son. I've traveled a bit on business and I've been in most countries in Europe. I've never been extended space so I can't compare. Okay. We like, but I sure appreciate coming home to some of the conveniences we have that you don't have over there. Like what? Like what? Like what? Like what? Well, I don't know. Like shopping after five o'clock on the afternoon and Germany. And you ever tried to bind anything after five p.m. in Germany? Sure. Okay, let's go ahead and see what they're the week it is. They're all of Europe is expanding their shopping hours. Now that they got the, you know, the year old thing going, you're all expanding their hours. They are. Now, now they are. Okay, I'm thinking if three four years ago. What I mean really is that what the quality of life is all about shopping after five o'clock? Well, I guess that's pain measurement, but I mean, I just appreciate the in Germany. When I was I'd go over for two weeks a year every year for a trade show. To what city hand over and over for the sheep and goats? Well, I don't know anything about hand over. Well, you know, you're, you're staying. The streets in the hand over, for instance, I mean those streets are 100 and some years old most of them. And they got cars parked on sidewalks three deep, you know, there's the conveniences I guess gets me. And I've been in Budapest and other places. So you have a bit a lot of the old world and it's, and it's not that easy to fit with modern day. But it's certain about Berlin. How about Berlin if you've been in Berlin? Yes, I have. Berlin is modern as any city in America. Absolutely. Well, we've had to go to the war obviously. Well, yeah, Berlin is some huge streets. You're good on that main dragon Berlin. Who done? Yeah, I mean, and that's why that's why I ran into my favorite beer in the world. Yeah. Did you run into that over there? No, I didn't run there. But I got careful. Okay, I have a great day. So whatever you said, you know what he said? No. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line, 127, on the Q&P. You're awesome. Ah. You knew-<|el|>- oportunity. We knew we hadta- Yeah. Those good u gotta do something weird. Yeah. I think you know what we do. You'll go straight yourself. Ooh, it makes you want to die. Ooh, should have bought some, some. Cause now you've got to run. Diabria, get it fun to have ya. Dancing in the rest of the high. Eating cargo, that's not so. You've made me like these foods in one hand. 132.05. I'm listening to all of this, and I think I may have to reassess my vacation plans. You're all in the same. Yes, it has to key sounds good. Any place in the US of A.D. Young, except of course a Y. That's too far in the middle of nowhere. In Alaska. Any place in a great 48. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. A lot of good script shopping centers, lot of neon sign, Good team, modern shop, whatever it has, shop to your drop. Here's Bokeh, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question for you. You ready? I'm listening. Okay. When you were a little, okay, let's go to a mobile in four-laterdale, hello. Okay, they can't do it either. Okay, we were smoking along here about one o'clock, and then all of a sudden they just started crumbling it to seams. Started regressing the whole crowd. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Danya, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got two words for American Difers traveling out of this country. Very good. I'm surprised that some of these people don't have to take a saliva test before they die. Why doesn't it have to be either or? There are certain things, obviously, you do like to convenience, a lot of things in this country. And other things that you enjoy about other places. Why doesn't it have to be us against them, this kind of xenophobic idiotic neuromited mentality? Like a kid that was so psychotic. Screw you, because I happen to like it in the Netherlands. A lot of other places in Western Europe. Does that make me a bad person? Because I don't agree with his to God damn neuroview of the world, I guess? That makes me a little more. That makes me a little more. It is an Arab view of the world. If we, the kids that come over here with us, pick an English in 20 years later, their valedictorians, their high school class. These white people, they're here for five generations and haven't gotten past high school. Yeah. They wonder why. They think it's something genetic. It's not. It's simply that people around the rest of the world make more or from less than we do. We waste everything. We spoiled rotten. People get to buy everything 24 hours a day at this count prices. If we're America is. People who want to buy buy buy. I'm sure the convenience is that. I think I'm just like, football on Sunday afternoon. Table TV. Wow. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. They're amazing. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hi, Niam. I'm not going to get myself up to set over these people calling and being ridiculous in psychotic. Just a couple points. I've lived in South Florida for 20 years and probably never move anywhere else. I'm used to it probably. So I need to read this while I even stayed down here and that's you and the Humper. That's about it. I like to call the small dog a little dog. Okay, let's go to a mobile and hell and they'll hello. Mobile and hell and they'll long gone. Okay, plotting right along. Here's candle. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. You get near the phone somewhere around 50. I didn't want to verify something. I am very happy that you love Europe. Right? And. And my point was when I called you before. When you call me, sir, once the king always the king wants to nice it up. This is the guy that was on before that was rambling on for like 50 hours already. Okay. Get your own show, pal. Man, just unbelievable. I'm telling you there's something in the water. Cancer was got that woodpecker going. Believe me, you can hear it. Listen. That's it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 80. We got 28 million Julios in his town and I get nothing but a bunch of jackballs. And then this guy wants to call me back after you made a 17 minutes speech before that was Coleman inducing and go on again. He wants to elucidate and clarify. Godios, pal. Are we better? And one of the great things about the Netherlands is that no matter how many times you go there, you don't hear anybody speaking as fun. Oh, hallelujah. That alone. If nothing else could was going on there, that all by itself never anybody speaking. Esponial and Denmark. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, a happy day. Here's North Miami, hello. North Miami. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. In response to a caller called up a few, I got two or three back. And he said, the Americans are the most Buddhist people. I just wanted to come over to Aventura and take a look at this town. It's probably the most rooted subnoxious foreigners. And this town is probably 80 or 90 percent foreigners. And they're all about. I hope move. That would be a good suggestion. Here's a mobile and day, be hello. Yes, sir. Hi, with regards to that column, the Linda Robertson somewhere, I agree. I think she just made herself look very stupid. And not even understanding, like I said, just a simple, simple legal system. But wasn't she the one that wrote the column on mandatory few years ago, where she criticized him for his name and her fellow attitudes and his accent or something like that? I don't remember. Yeah, I think she was the one that did, I guess. Probably, she did dumb bitch. Yeah, it was totally stupid. It was ridiculous column that she comes out with these every once in a while. I don't understand why she's even on the sports page. I think she works for the Harold. Right. And now I guess that says it all. The reason that Barry Jack asked writes in their sports section, they don't have real professional columnist over their generally speaking. Mostly, I mean, they may have one or two people on the payroll, like 80 to Pope and a few old Farts like that. But generally, they got a bunch of stringers. They have a bunch of kids and stringers who get paid by the piece, kind of like a prostitute. And they really think that they compare with papers like the Washington Post. Of course not. Nobody in their right mind, we believe. Right. Three days are long gone, man. Yeah. Well, that's what was just like night ridder long gone. Absolutely. And have a great day. Have a good day. Here's a pop at OB. Chilo. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. I was listening to a while ago when you were talking about the ratings and so forth. And it seems like every station that you were talking about, what were the ratings? What was I talking about ratings? I was talking about the book and you said it's what you on the sports show. You know, they put you on, they put you on the all sports talk show and all sports talk show. How is talking about Jerry Jackson? Yeah, about how the fact that he never wrote anything about it. Yes. Yeah. On camside. And any event I've listened to you for years. And you seem to go to the top of every station you're at, but get your always at the station. Now come, you don't get a place like Schueless, they do the broadcast from as opposed to just a place. I don't want to broadcast from outside. It makes it impossible. Like an all my equipment in here all the, doing the shows on the outside creates a thousand headaches. Why do I want that? Oh, I don't know. I just thought people would like to see. I will enjoy your show, but we know you just hear you out of the space for radio. That's the way it works. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Oh, yeah. This is a guy with a bad phone. He was sounded like RJ Intendola doing a voice. He's an old guy with a 560 pound, 560 on the 18 T. Wardest Line here's Westin. Hello. Hello, I'm a little bit from Westin. I love your show. Yeah. I'm self for a living and you make my drive much more pleasant. I'm calling because the last couple days I've heard you comment on all these good pizza places and all. And one name I haven't heard is, over in Kiba's scheme there's a little pizza place called Sir Pizza. Yeah. And I've heard you talk about God's father and all these other things. And that hasn't been mentioned. I mean, it's big. I think I want the best pizzas I've ever tasted. We have a table. Most of us on Kiba's scheme. We're just done out in Nureth. Leave, you know. Oh, yeah. You got to pay a dollar to go try it. Very good. Listen. I love your show and I can't call someone to do Spac. Go ahead. Mark's here for your do Spac. Okay, pal. There you go. You got to the whole column. But out of the, I wasn't great, but at least it was something. Yeah. George is doing hell. Mary is in crossing himself. We finally got one. There you go. I'm going to start. And that old guy, by the way, to call back a second time, I think he's still talking. I believe. I should have just put him on hold. We're going back every few minutes. Man, man. I just relax. Okay, pal, life goes on. Everything will be okay. You'd like his real. Yeah, right. Now this wasn't the Israel guy. It wasn't. It wasn't. No, this was not the Israel guy. This was the other guy. This wasn't the Israel guy. Who old guys talking about that? No, this was a whole other. Israel guy wasn't a whole. No, the Israel guy wasn't Israeli. Right. This guy wasn't Israeli. My guy. Are you looking to the tape back later? Not now, please. Trust me when I tell you was one of somebody's people. Nobody wants to take credit. Here's Hialia. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Long time, listen to him first. I'm caller. Yes. My brother, Timmy Halku. You have a piece called the Spazula Razzle. Do you still have that? Yes, I do. Can you kind of request it? It's coming up in just a matter of moments. Is that a matter of fact? Okay. Thank you very much. I'm such a great guy. Yes, you are. Okay. Thank you very much, boss. How do you like that? They love me in Hialia, baby. You miserable spik sound. That's too in a row. Yeah, we'll get the good spik. We got to separate it. It's like separate. The week from the champ. The milk from the cream. How about the hell that thing goes? It's heard from the way. It heard from the way. You can get out of our way. Okay, because we're plowing right onto you. The American way. Five, six, seven, whole five, six. The pound five, six beyond. Have you noticed by the way that regis has become a parody of himself? They had a new quiz show on which I watched about 30 seconds of it. Last night only because I read that they screwed it up last week and they gave the guy they said he gave the wrong answer. Give the right answer. But at any rate, regis, I love your regis, but you're becoming a parody of yourself. You know? Any talks like, hey, talks like any, any sort of thing. You know?