For Tradiot 5-6-Me, WQAM, my M-E4 Loderdale presents the Neal Rodgers Show. To talk to Neal, call 5-6-7-0-5-16, hold free, red-rated Rower. More Pound 5-6-Neal, yourself. Let's play opinions of Neal. His guess, callers, or anyone else on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily re-nacquisitions or the be-slee-brot-casters. Now, Neal Rodgers on Sports Radio 5-6-2-A-M. M-E-M-E-L-I-D-A-S-U-C-T-S. Okay. Okay. Then, excuse me, how it's the friend Al. I'm going to take with me. I'm going to take the boat and all this going again. For the gang girls I've raided once a year. Because I'm going to drop up to the door head to the truck. Then they go and get a few night cars. Even though the other side are in the fire. There's no other way around the fire. There's no other way around the fence. So time is between your legs. I'm going to take the boat and all this going again. If you want to get your hand in the fire. Step and take the stuff to the feet and take. I've got to take you that you're going to take. Hey, hey, that's you. We're going to the boat. All right, now I'm getting the day in. I don't know if I can remember coming. All right. All right. I'm going to take the boat and get my boat. I think you're going to take it under the bottle. Oh. I know. Oh. This is very cheap. They're like a pony. Holy, darling. They're good. Hey. The boat is over. They're going to take it. Hey. The boat is over. Hey, good god. That's good. 10, 25, 50, WCM. It's going to the second of August. And we're already burned out on football on this show. We're burned out on it. Can't handle it. Don't ever want to hear about it again. Till next season. Not this coming season. Maybe next one. How about a year off? Oh, my god. Those football nerds that call on this radio station. Hey, who's going to win the Super Bowl? Who's going to win the ASEs? And who's going to? And bop bop bop bop bop. Oh, man. You people are so boring. Get a life. You know, those people probably will be watching the golf on ABC tonight. Are you aware? Not that I watch ABC except for 2020. Which I'll get to that in a minute about that. For turn, the bullcraft. Do you realize that they have golf in prime time? And you wonder why there's so many people running around Blowin' each other. What's your board? The board. This is the most boring goddamn place. And especially down here, of course, we already know that. But people are boarded. It's here. They've got a freaking golf tournament on. A, uh, who the hell is it? Tiger and his wood. And Dave Duval, who I thought was the weather guy. And CFTO and Toronto. But at any rate, uh, eight o'clock tonight, they're playing an exhibition. The first live, prime time golf exhibition in network TV history. Does that tell you how boardy Merkin public is? Oh, Jesus Christ. Golf on network TV at night. Here's a call on Hollywood. Our first of the week. Hello. You doing great. Do you hear about Hillary Clinton saying that's all the, uh, Sir, I've heard about Hillary Clinton all weekend. Long, I keep hearing about, I heard about it again this morning. And they're talking about it again now. And her husband's a douchebag, but she loves him. And he's a wonderful guy. And never stole a freight train. And he's, uh, what else? No, I think it's ridiculous. Help. She's trying to make this guy out to be an angel. She's not. She said he's a philander where she doesn't give a crap. What do you think he wants to see? Make it to Jesus for her. No, she's not. She already has an excuse. He's got a because he had a rough childhood. Yeah. No, she's making excuses for herself. Whatever the guy's. The fact that you really the guy's want to get a life. Okay. This guy, you see how easy it is to manipulate some of the people out there. All I got to do is indict Linda trip Monica gets into some kind of a fender vendor. And all this has got this guy all whipped up again about penis gate. Forget it. It's over. Okay. See now that was perfect because just what I got through San. This is how boring this summer is. First of all, 140 degrees in the shade. That's why the John John business got 55 days of publicity because there was nothing else going on. They could milk that like else you to board and cow. They were squeezing it tighter than Tom Green could have done. And this guy's talking to China because you're being manipulated again. Sir, don't you listen to what I say on a show? Don't you listen. Don't you use your own brain and stopping letter round like a guy named stupid sheep? Jesus Christ. This guy's probably going to be so bored tonight. He'll be watching golf on ABC television. And I'm going to tell you right now, you people, I mean this anybody in this audience who watches golf in Trientine tonight will be excommunicated from this human race. What? No, I'm just got the word from you. Yeah, he told me. He said, you watched that crap that I don't ABC and you'll be excommunicated immediately if not sooner. You'll be condemned to purgatory. We're going to send you straight to hell, Michigan. Okay. On a one-way guide then bust to get. Speak of that by the way, speaking of John John. You have to look really hard to find this story. It's not, you know, it's another one of those terrible stories. The crap happens. Little tiny clip in one of the papers this morning Midwest. Paying crash kills four or five people aboard. You want to meet that clip this out is because instead of three people it was four people did. North Lima, Ohio. A single engine tank crashed into cornfield just after taking off from an Ohio airfield on Sunday. Oh, I'm telling at least four of the five people aboard authority said the fifth person on the paper was hospitalized. The two for whatever his name was. The atopium crash occurred shortly after take off. Beaver township police chief Carl Frost said. And then it says North Lima is 66 miles southeast of Cleveland. I don't think that's right. I could be wrong, but I've been in Lima all high. I once once applied for a job at WIMA in Lima, Ohio many, many years ago. Like about last year. And I've been there. I've been in Lima all high. I've thought North southeast of Cleveland. Is it like more in the western part of the state? Well, somebody will call somebody who has some idea. We're Lima all highways. Yeah, the owner of that station was a very elegant poppist, egotistical jackass who took the, it kind of like here was like a sports bar with a microphone. And they had pictures of Johnny Bench on a wall. Yeah, I think it's nearer to Cincinnati. You didn't hear Cleveland. Lima, Ohio. Doesn't anybody in this audience know where Lima, Ohio is? Can't we straighten this out right off the bat? Lima, line, hello. QAM. Yeah, I want to, uh, Neil is right. Lima is not southeast of Cleveland. I grew up in Ohio. I just want to know where it is. Isn't it near Cincinnati? Uh, it's south of Toledo. Right. It's, it's Wayne North of Cincinnati. Right. I'm not sure if it was southeast of Cleveland or would be in Pennsylvania. Right. Now, Cleveland is about 60 miles west of the Pennsylvania border. So you can go, you know, but it's a 66 miles southeast of Cleveland. It would be like almost in the, uh, Oh, that's right. That's right. It would be on the Pennsylvania border for the southeast of Cleveland. I grew up in Cleveland. I lived in Cincinnati. Well, I can go on to this. Right. Right near Lima. So, uh, not Lima. Lima. Lima. Lima. I got you with the golfing now, Tony Lima. You're in the golf again. You're not going to watch that stuff tonight, are you, sir? No, are you kidding? Please tell me no. Oh, not a chance. If they held a gun to your head, you wouldn't watch it. Would you? Oh, please. Yeah. No. Yeah. That part of Ohio is actually pretty nice. Yeah. We're okay. The guy that ran the station was an asshole, but it was okay. Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you. Okay. Leave it to us here on this show to straighten out the newspapers. Lima is 66 miles southeast of Cleveland. It is you jackasses. You. What do you know about geography, huh? And you wonder why the kids out there are so stupid. But they're, well, what's your with that on last night? Was that also on 2020 the piece about this idiot? We got a new doctor's spot. The first one to finally croaked. And then this is pocket. He's not feeling good. And then we got another jackass. So, with this deal about teaching the kids, and not that learning or succeeding is important, but to feel good about yourself. So, even if you're a moron, did you see that piece last night? About this new approach, this new psychological approach, that even if the kids fail or test and are demoed and saw us, teaching about feeling good about themselves, everybody gets a trophy. Because you're wonderful, you're good. I'm stupid. I like that, but I'm brilliant, you know? Kind of crap is that. So, leave it to us here on the New York Times show to straighten out, even something minutes cue will is that. Am I point being, here's four people that we don't even know the names of these people. Probably never will. I wouldn't be surprised if maybe at least three of those four, maybe all four were pretty good people. Huh? These and people never stole a freight train. Probably weren't born with a silver spoon stuck in their echo. Didn't have $200 million in a bank. Won't get one word in the nationwide publicity. We'll not get on a front of time or a news week or US news. No. And we'll freaking report. You people in the media, I'm telling you right now, you're disgusting, you make me sick, you make me nauseous. All those every single one of you. I'm trying to take a bit of an exception, kind of think of one. No, I'll work on it. You're sick, you're demented, you're lunatics, you're maniacs, including that little howdy duty look like Ted Coppel, phony baloney, horror. You're just a goddamn horror as all you are. You're sucking the life blood out of the public, pretending to be a freaking journalist. Those kids who kill you in high that wrote that stuff. They're more journalist than Ted Coppel is. I'm not going to say that right now. Not to mention you know who. Tell me, just do that. By the way, I was seeing this morning in here actually with his red face, but let me just mention for the record of one more time, John Pena's major asshole. Get off your duck, get off your duck. The way the thing is done is right. For me to touch my body, I want out there on the body. It just gives me a clue. So what kind of a choice? And find myself a hideaway, and I know one good hideaway, and the club's got to know. Oh, I'll find my plate boys, then. We clean the ocean. But then I won't write down all the songs. Oh, I'll do it by this action. In that ocean, I pray that no one acts in gently. Always have to go. Look for it, because I got a message. I got a message. Oh, you are. I got a message. I think it's a thing. I got a message. Well, I have a great time. 1015 at 560 WCM. We got the Henry Goldberg Show from Shula State to a 2 o'clock. Jim Mad Dog Manage. Yeah, six o'clock tonight, four full hours of the Mad Dog 6 to 10, and in Gapplin for the real degenerate's kind of clock this evening. For people with no lives whatsoever. By the way, Bill, I'll Griffith on CNBC this morning with due to Peace from Atlantic City, from soon, some just reopened newly refurbished casino. And it was putting in a quarter for the other, you know, for Suhara and David, whatever his name is there. I can't ever think of his name. What's his name? The little one on the, you don't watch CNBC because you haven't got any stock. But anyway, you put, you don't put a quarter in the slot machine, because, and it was one of those things where the, if you put in the all three quarters, or all three dollars in a dollar machine, the third one is the one that trips the wheel at the top or something like that. I hate what I see assholes doing that. And Vegas, you see that all the time, these idiots, they're wondering why the thing never comes in for the wheel of fortune, for example, on the slot machine, it doesn't come up, unless you put in all three coins, you idiot. What's the sense of playing the machine? You're not going to hit anything unless you put in all the coins. Except maybe like in one case, you got three quarters, plopped out. They plopped out. Got to my wound up today. I have no idea why, because I had a disastrous weekend. Oh, man, did I have a dark weekend? Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Did you see 2020 last night? Yes, I did. About the college fraternity thing. I missed that. I saw the one with the kids. They didn't want to pursue competition. Right. That was the last segment. Yeah. But living in the wrong country to be doing something like that, that this country is all about competition. The world is about competition. Exactly. The idea that we have to pat everybody on a head sick. Oh, you're great. You're wonderful. You're a, you know, I mean, how about if somebody is ugly, do we have to tell them that they're beautiful to make them feel better? According to that piece, I think you do. And this guy, this guy is dangerous people. I can be another doctor's spot. Yeah, I don't understand that. These kids are being let us set up for a fall because in the real world when they turn it right. They're turning 18. They don't even be able to get a job stuff in burgers and McDonald's those kids. No, and I don't understand what's what's the reasoning. I never got the reasoning behind us. What is this supposed to do? It's supposed to make them feel better about themselves so that nobody feels inferior. And nobody has this complex, but in the meantime, there's so stupid as hell, you know. And it's kind of like one step beyond social promotion. This must have been a real bleeding heartlabel that would be, yeah. Exactly. So another way to do we move you along, even if you're an idiot every year, but also we tell you how wonderful you are for being a moron. Oh, my god. Right. Just remember one thing, pal. That's the American fucking way. All right. Have a great day. I'm going to say something else. We've decided to back him already, Bernad on football. You know, it's 120 degrees in this shade. How can anybody with a brain be thinking about football right now? Hey, let's do a hockey show, huh? That was good right in. 148 degrees. I just don't get it. These non, they're not one dimensional. They're not one dimensional. That's like those little kids he was talking about. But anyway, even more grotesque than that are college fraternities. I've always felt that way. Not just hazing of college fraternities. College fraternity should be banned from every college campus in America. Now, what is joining some elite group of snob of assholes who want to see if they who can be the biggest group of assholes on campus? What is that happy to do with learning? Which is what you're supposed to be doing when you go to college. Besides drinking a lot of beer. Which just kid last night drank too much booze and beer. And guess what he's dead. At MIT, no less. Not at some horseball college. Like, you know, Michigan or Michigan State. Like, I went to, but no, at MIT at this institution of blue nose brown noses of higher learning. Where they still act like a bunch of barbarians because going off to college in America means getting drunk and getting late a lot. Don't forget the factory. Okay. Do you want to do this show today? No, I don't think I'm engaged in the law. You're one pretty good. Why? No, I thought right. You're doing it. You're wound up like in the large car. I don't know why. I don't understand why. I was rung in at this week. Oh, you said before. Good balance. Yeah. So anyway, band fraternities now before it's too late. And of course, the fact that this kid happened to be a real good looking bright kid. Actually, we like that better. If you would have been ugly, most of us would have said, you know, time it doesn't. But he was like a standout. I mean, he was like just great looking all American brilliant with this wonderful future. Just ask his parents who were on their grieving last night. Rightfully. So any goes off, he's an MIT five weeks, five weeks. And he's dead. And then the response to the lawsuit they filed against the fraternity is the trajectory. They just disbanded. So they like they all went away. You know, that was the response. They disbanded. You know, they like the kids in the room. They forced them to drink X amount. In other words, you know, if you want to get in that here, you're going to have to drink this amount and if you're got that over place or you're out. And then he starts, he pay passes out, starts puking. And so they take them downstairs in a basement and put them on a sofa and leave for a while. And he chokes on his own puking. And they go back down on his purple. And they rushing the hospital and these brain didn't finally have to pull the plug. And he's dead. 18 or 19 year old kid. And MIT. And of course, the assholes who've been in fraternity, see fraternities are to those who were part of them, just like the college football mentality. The same thing. Somehow having gone to school at a blind, a blind, a noted name, Michigan State, Indiana, Michigan wherever it was. I mean, this becomes bigger than life itself. And of course, down here, we have an even worse problem than that. We have a bunch of overgrown children who ever even went to you, of them, which they're probably lucky for that. But who are into the whole this hurricane thing, which makes less than no sense. You see, just like this other piece that they had at the end of the guy was talking about before about the little kids supposedly feeling better about themselves. I know it comes in the great shock. But when you go off the college, sure, having a good time is fine. But you're supposed to learn something there. That's the purpose of it. Not as kind of a precursor to, you know, it's kind of like the young people here, the young yentas who are in training, why I tell you, why I tell you, I call them. Yes, yentas in training. Yeah. Who are practicing for their later years when it can be condo commando's. And it's the same thing with these college fraternities. Oh, one day we can be a members of the Elx, the American, forging the foreign legion, the colonists, all of these other horseball groups. And anybody who's ever seen the kind of activities that there have been a lot of movies about them. Of course, a lot of these soft and more work movies about the crap that goes on to college fraternities. We know what they are. That's a gate club you moron. Right. A lot of excuses for everybody to get into their underwear, getting naked, grab each other's parts, kind of like football. Yeah, we're driving a hangar around shower together and grab each other around the groin. By the way, did you were the fact that most football players don't wear jocks traps? No, but you learned something today. This year is the 125th anniversary of the bike. Oh, jocks traps. And actually it was originally invented because of bikers on the cobblestone roads, you know? Oh, man. There we go. Oh, it's all the time. Not real good for the nads. And that was the original reason that the jocks traps were invented in the first place. Now hockey players wear jocks traps. If I get this wrong, let's see. I'm trying to think, is it baseball I see? I should have put the article out. Is it baseball players, especially catchers? They were jocks traps, but not football players, not most. Huh? I saw them putting jocks traps on. Who? The football player. Well, let's find out. What do you mean you saw them putting your talking about in high school? Sure. The college and professional football players. Pro-fessional. Look it up in the book. Coring this article and it's written by people who know their jocks. Real football players don't wear jocks traps because it's restrictive. And they like it in the good foot in the crotch. It makes them feel like a real man. Well, fine. Let's ask her what's his name. Yeah. Who would know? Now, make sure you get a word, jocks traps because those were a bunch of panties, basically. No more fraternities. Let's hear it now. Like an outlaw in BANIM right now. Early college campus. If you have any balls, there is absolutely no reason. They serve no function other than a conduit for people who want to go and be a leadist. And see you can get the most drunk at the course of hazing stuff that goes on. And they had this bitch on there from MIT last night on this 2020 piece. And she said, oh, well, we just are totally unaware. I mean, hazing has been prohibited at MIT for years. And y'all y'all y'all right. That's why that kid is dead. And that's why they had all those warnings by the way, which they showed the letters from people saying, oh, how long is it going to be before you finally do something here, because you're going to write up with somebody who's dead and now they did two years ago. Nice going, MIT. You got, here's Lake Worth, hello. And you know, I even, five, six, seven, five, sixteen. This guy was already on the align. That's the best part. That's the best part of this guy. Already was on the line. But I tell you, if that was the material, the material you called with must have really been good. You know what I'm saying? What's the really been sensational? Here's Carl Springs, hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Sorry to call you so much, but what are you doing by that? Are you clock? I'm trying not to be, but I, I'm just outraged. The word police are at it again. Yeah. Did you see the F1 page yesterday says something? I want. The local section about the warp tour? No. The Pomp and O beach police were at, there's a concert at the Pomp and O Theatre. We'll have all these hands. Yeah. And the Pomp and O beach police were standing there waiting for one of the rappers to say anything and they arrested him right. Oh, oh, we're back to the Luther Camel crap again. They showed dirty, yeah. I mean, how dare they say anything? They had some obscure, um, um, the sub-centive, uh, ordinance on the books. Yeah. And they stood there. Don't forget, Pomp and O beach is the same place where they have the two giddities on the, uh, books. It's against a lot of Google in a, to an adult establishment and have, uh, any reaction. Well, the, the Pomp and O beach is also where, uh, our Goldstein has his statue. Right. Um, well, I'm surprised that they, you know, I'm amazed that they've left it up. Oh, it's real his last disclaimer, too, but they can't find it, cell big enough. I guess so, but I mean, it's just, I was, my, my kid went through it. My kid went through it and she didn't even mention it and I saw the paper and I said what kind of crap is Unbelievable all the public's more concerned about important things like golf, you know, and I'm football like that's right Okay, I had a great day pal. See you at the pale past support the office I'm Neil God one of the days you can throw me one thing to do this right I know what Saturday. I just think of being alone No, I just want to get laid sick of those dating service lines short make up through some of the initial poll Like actually having to go out and meet someone but overall it's still contribute to the red tape Keeping you out of the bedroom. You need Forget about hi, I'm Cindy. I like nature walk our galleries and it's looking for a man It's five five five five crump. All you get is Hi, I'm Cindy five foot four. Please don't look how at eight out of ten and well I guess I know when cares what your interests are or even if you have a criminal record It's five five home Coba fall call the home today Okay 1031 at five sixty w q a m by the way What is this thing with this shi the psychic deck network? I keep telling you about if you watch much music they run a spot on there like between almost every video The psychic deck network with our own spoke riffin and Shirley Peters Oh my god Whoever that one is on there Hope you're making a lot of money ladies because man every good scams got to have some very serious money at the end The rainbow that's what I always said so I like let me give you a little bit of warning Okay, those of you who like to go out of town during the summer months do not go To Toronto Ontario Canada the last weekend in July I forgot I forgot it was Carabana weekend Do you know what Carabana weekend is it's a weekend where all these dark people Oh, this come to a town they have a big parade down there on the lakefront and They just have hundreds of thousand the svarches who come in for no particular reason I guess just to be professional as far as And I think all of them were staying in my hotel is what I think you know what I'm saying huh Now I just ordinarily I mean a more of those people I'm kind of a broad-minded I don't mind a little bit of a mix you know a few of these a few of these not too many svarches That makes me uncomfortable like this weekend which is why I left early yesterday morning instead of coming back last night I hopped on the earliest plan that could find And even for 30 in the morning yesterday morning when I went on a lobby in hotel the ketchup can be airport It was loaded ordinarily at 430 in the morning. You can't find a dog in a hotel or any other hotel It was just loaded with horses. What were they doing? I you have to ask them. I don't know And I just want to say this and I realize we have a lot of black people listening to show at least 5 or 10 But I gotta tell you this anybody who could have spent the weekend that I just spent at least a half a weekend up there In the environment of loud discurdious obnoxious just just grow test holding elevator doors yell it open yelling Standing in your way just just going out of the way to be obnoxious anybody who could have experienced that and still not be a racist Man you've got you'd have to be stronger than hercules You'd have to be more talented than Joey Carr To be able to survive a experience like that and not say Man, oh man. I mean it gets a manner is get a brain get the what was that? What was that all about a boot? So that's just my best advice now if you happen to be dark and you like you know and these weren't people from the Caribbean either That's how care of Anna was like you know from all these places that care of being original with the concept these were like mostly from Detroit I mean these were people I left Detroit 20 years some years ago 28 years ago to get away from people like this and these were the people that were up there where this weekend Routing and loud and obnoxious and disgusting and just the abhorated their behavior And just the jumping and running and you can and driving but nevertheless and I kept thinking to myself You know if and and they were also I will say this there were some black people there Who just is offended and appalled by the behavior of the majority of these people as those of us whites I was honkeys were there they were grossed out and obviously very embarrassed And I'm thinking of myself you know if you want to get treated like a human being like an ordinary civilized human being how about start acting like one would be a good idea Just a little bit of courtesy and common sense would be good. Just tone it down like about 20 or 30 noxies for starters would be great God Here's a mobile implantation hello E oh yes sir that three We have no life stories for you real quick Went to see South Park over the weekend finally and they have a cute little thing about a boot in there If you see the movie yeah, I have no body mean yet I don't know if you're playing on the scene or no, okay, well anyway There's about 20 people in the movie theater and All of a sudden a take comes in From the Broward this is at the Inverary movie theater Public convenience boyfriend yeah, yeah, right come in and there's this girl who must be like 17 or 18 years old I don't know and it was the ratings police that what it was comes in and yanks are out with her friend And I couldn't believe it and I I was about to say there with us You know and they they pulled them out I couldn't believe it. I you know I was I was very very strange Yeah, I'm the South Park video I was watching a yesterday That's one of the things that they're talking about is you know making fun of this to business of you know having all these A rated movies and and censoring movies and video games and all this other crap So how ironic that some poor people in there and yanks and kids up because now they're probably like 17 and two thirds anyway There you go, but I thought they were busy reading the strip choice. Yeah, I thought they're in the time for this Well, it's nice to know that they're spreading it around. Yeah Everything is I went into a into a sushi place I can't remember the name and I probably don't want to but they're next to Gold Jim on University in play or sunrise yeah, and I went in there for a second because I had to use the bathroom to urinate And I went in and I said your bathroom please and They said they and it's just there's nobody in the restaurants like six o'clock in the evening and I can I'm there and then there's a like a Chinese family hold around their eating their dinner Whatever they're doing playing can ask that and I So I'm about to go on the bathroom and they say and they say you can't come in no no you don't you're not paying You can't come in to that you're knocking but you can't come in yeah You believe that they wouldn't want me to the bathroom because I wasn't a paying customer I said how do you know I wasn't playing on eating You can't imagine somebody's name from Q and that we have a trade out there They would let you write in on the leave a little HP right on Floor there if you liked I should have I kind of go in there and you want to take a link you got to go real bad Just imagine Q a I'm sending that wish you're right in Unbelievable even let you take a peek at the glory hole I'm believing one just and one quick last thing. Yes, I went through the toll booth On the turnpike and I couldn't figure out why I maybe you can shed some line on it the lady takes my money And she has this thing on her finger looks like a condom or a suction cup I don't know what it is He's to give you money What does that all time? It doesn't want to touch your hand She doesn't want to touch the change and she also does my she's worried about germs She does my is not you where on your head you are all gloves or so I don't know Maybe she's a I think you're open now. Well, and that's current crawls back and let us know okay This guy's got a real problem. You know what wow? Man, just they won't let him take a leak and he's worried about this lady's finger and he's talking about other people have no life I've gone sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line 22 before 11 What if they have any spaches and lime oil? Ohio I think I'm gonna go back to work there. Yeah, I Think they have too many I mean, I You know like I said like hello and Germany I was there were there three days the first time I went there and I saw one black person each day It's like vitamins one of the you know now I thought to myself that's that's perfect. You know for a white guy like me That's great one of the I can deal with you know But when you're like now you understand what it's like being a black person in the middle of an all white Whatever it might be like on the bus It makes you a little bit nervous. That's how I felt in Toronto this weekend like Jesus Let me out of here soon like fast now. You know what I'm saying? Helen It's going to hell you dad What kind of a day The best jam again You're very Never cheated Academy Helped So the one for Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton God God She can't do One and And lawyer Follow law Get out that balance right in For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton Right For Hillary Hillary Clinton Hey Hillary Hillary She's our guy Oh She's our guy Oh Oh Oh Hillary Hillary All right Oh Oh I just can't figure out why it's so difficult to understand They have an arrangement Oh I realize that We're not supposed to say those things in America because we live in this ivory tower kind of alicine wonderland country where everybody is happily married and It's said it went so on and is everybody happily married who's married. Oh no And are there a lot of people that I got a arrangement like have their own sex lives And basically I do their own thing and even have their own circle or friends but they stay married for whatever reason in her case It's political because she's got her asked for And he's got his asked for And they're both getting their own ass evidently because they haven't slept together in 20 years by all accounts By those who are sticking their nose in it Why is that so hard to understand they have an arrangement okay So she has to act out raids and indignant and She thought he was over this 10 years ago and all of a sudden a crap and this is for public consumption These are the things you have to say so she asked to concoct this scenario where well You know he never stole a freight train and he's a wonderful father and Chelsea isn't exactly is everybody thinks it's said it went so on Oh, she is exactly is everybody thanks, but nevertheless She's them unresponsible for that because Chelsea's got her hair like she used to have it back before she became rich in famous And a hot shot politician They got an arrangement what's wrong with that? I bet you there are plenty of people in this audience right now And I know you won't call because we don't have a voice reader unfortunately If it was a real radio station like we used to have an IOD we'd have a voice reader and people could call in and say yeah my wife and I've been married for 40 years And we haven't done it in 25 years and she screws her guys and I do my whatever, you know, and that's it it's an arrangement Sometimes couples do that for the children while the children are growing up And then sometimes leave when a children are adults for whatever other reasons they do it for a parent's sake or for because they whatever who the health cares Here's a lady in Miami hello Hi, you know, you're the watch that Milato woman sold out a Brian an MSNBC she's Milato Oh, yeah, well, what it was she's not Milato She's black she's no it so that old Brian isn't black she's Hispanic she's like I don't know what she is she's not black she's a Milato She's a Milato She's a person Well, I'm a color she like light pink I don't know what I mean like some of your a lot of white or shade of pale. I don't know Or any way that whatever but I've seen her she'll make make do the unaflor when I see her I use to because I always thought she was just a lightweight no pun intended but she is this weekend She was she she she so infuriated me because she referred to that mask killer in Atlanta as the late what was his name something Burke She says what happened to interview the friends of the late Eric Burke or whatever his name was no mark marker and she may have found like he was a notable And then she referred to him a Burt not not burnt He's a smart Barton His name was Mark Oh, Barton I don't even want to know that you're a Canadian okay the month the late Mark old Barton yes, and she's and she's and then she refers to him as the gentleman You know, they all do that in the media, you know, or the alleged killer or you know stuff like that they all pull that crap Well, she's just a people head Why does she have to mature time because she's on MSNBC just like why does John Gibson have so much Your time because they were cheap I guess God, it was so I mean and and she didn't even get the back straight. She says well he allegedly killed on his first wife What about the mother-in-law that he also Act up now she didn't even have I have more facts than she had yeah Yeah, well, she's a pimple head in fact if you want but you see you're not if you pretend to be a malotto put on some black face and maybe get on there Really, okay, not too dark though. Yeah, really Okay, I don't know what else she is other than annoying so let that all Brian and of course Which ties in with that thing about newsweek? Yeah, this week's newsweek one that's got the the sad goodbye and a cover because these more the candidates here's Caroline and Ted and the Arnold Schwarzenegger And what's your name? Maria Shriver with no chin and I don't even know who that is in the bottom. That's I don't know who that is a sad goodbye But anyway, it's the August two issue of a newsweek So they've got some letters and response to that piece they had a couple of weeks ago Latin USA with that awful build wreck article in it about generation inier about a guy trying to make a living You know fostering something that doesn't even exist and shouldn't Wait to hear these two their several letters and most of them of course are a hostile toward that whole mentality thank God But the first letter is nauseating and then the second one the balances it out Living La Vida Latina the first one says salute to nosweek for being one of the first major English language publications in the US Deportory accurately and honestly what it's like to be Latin in this country I'm a generation inier Latina and my parents felt that teaching us Spanish will lead to discrimination for their children Speaking only English didn't help me to fit in with my angle peers in school But to this day I have felt robbed of my heritage because of the overwhelming pressure I face trying to act white the fit into work and society during the 70s and 80s There's that expression again act white. Oh, if only those people enter out of this weekend would have acted white Thanks to mainstream publications like newsweek that choose to celebrate the rise of Latin population in our country There will be countless kids who will take pride in their heritage and not feel ashamed of their ethnicity Grossius says Renee Agradano of your rekeke California To which I say Now name withheld from Cicero Illinois because they don't believe they want to stay alive It says so the rest of America must learn to adapt to the increasing Hispanic influence in the US as a 19 year old white female I find it difficult to be totally optimistic about this trend Entires to reach in my town have become wholly Spanish speaking and cater overwhelmingly to the Hispanic community Back in my predominantly Hispanic high school the National Anthem was often disregarded with place with chowds of Viva Mexico And in quarrying about potential summer jobs I've been told by employers not to bother applying unless I'm bilingual sound for measure I'm all for preserving and celebrating individual cultures and I honestly love the diversity and ethnic richness of the United States But it's such a terrible idea for somebody moved to a new country and actually learned the language what happened to preserving America's culture says name withheld and Cicero Illinois I'm going name withheld whoever you are And there are a couple of other letters to ripping into that bitch Christy how beggar my right her column about oh disgusting And nauseating about that whole generation any business you can have all the culture you want you can eat all the goddamn refried beans and all the horse meat and whatever it had you like I don't care Just like the Italians they all their pasta they don't even pronounce it right there a bunch of glitos with their pursuit and they're a cover cool and all the other Because they make some they think they make some sound Italian and the Italians laugh at him, but nevertheless But that doesn't mean they have to walk around you know mind your mind you talk talking some four languages in the streets And then like being separate from everybody else this separate but equal thing is crap. That's the problem And that line in there from René she can kill the act white what's wrong with acting like civilized. It's not a question of acting white It's a question of acting civilized and being a little bit consider it a little bit That's all you can have all the goddamn salsa you want honey sticking your back to care what you do with it But this whole generation anything is nothing but a scan so that a loser like Bill's wreck can make a living from try to promote it A loser who even failed on a horseball station I mean it's that God think I'd be whenever on a station Here's coral jables hello Hello, yes sir. Yeah, the reason why you have that line that mixed up is that it's a north line I have no lived around there. It's right near Yuckstano. How can there be a line? I don't understand. It's like Northland has been there for 150 years. I know but how can there be a city that's called one thing because usually when you know there's a city called north something It's like north of whatever the other city. Isn't it? Yeah right true. Yeah. This has been there in fact That's where it's about three miles where Bernie Cosa was born. Oh my god. Oh, it's in boardman, Ohio Where Yuckstano in fact I had a call under the airport out of a friend that flies out of there. I'm quite concerned But it is north-labo high up, which is near Beaver Falls. Right. Right. Pittsburgh. Okay. Well, you know and the course isn't it is you see your friend if it turns out to be I hope not, but if it does You won't fight out on the news because it's last time wasn't Kennedy I guess. That's for sure Isn't that pathetic? Okay. Thanks for the good news. Congratulations on the no-no-no-no Yes sir, just keep in mind Thank you Yeah, there he go on of course. They're trying to resurrect over the mirror. He's he's not rejected and this is just a little bit of a problem a little Blip on a radar screen and he's going great. Yeah mayor Pinga Tim 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Nobody in this audience has that arrangement like I said, they're not going to call on you and tell us that because somebody will recognize their voice You know like their wife 560 What? No, we don't call it cheating on your wife anymore in America. It's just having an arrangement and you have mother tongue your wife yet 560 50560, but you'll get around it would in pound five 60 on a mobile one line it's better than some kind of a messy divorce That's what Chris Bathouse said What a birthday miss He does you know what I just I can't look at him because his bald head reminds me so much of somebody are you sure positive Doesn't he from that from that eyebrows up he looks just like Phil Here's a mobile in four lotterdale hello. Yeah, I do pretty good sir. I want to I'd Comment on that 2020 special that you guys were talking about earlier the kids. Yeah, but they're feeling better about themselves even if you're more on Yes, I think I think I tell them that they're great now by putting a simple puzzle together You're making them you're treating them basically like retards Uh-huh and you actually don't more harm to them when they grow up to realize that they've been you know They've been told yeah like any spot fan And you know, it's interesting because at the end of the piece they went into like prison and they gave this test this ego test and Come to find out that the prisoners didn't have it in feuer to complex that they had a superiority complex Most of them and so this business about having it giving them an inferior to complex is bogus who doesn't work out But that's what this guy's so terrified of oh You know if they're so if they're stupid teach him something okay, and if they're too stupid It teach him something send him away somewhere send the camp 1056 if I let's stop having all those stupid people reproduce what do you say that? There you go again back to that forced sterilization and he was so big on let's hear it sterilization Okay, first we've had college fraternity Start with forced sterilization All before midnight tonight. Let's get something done today Now that we got that election thing here Right now the psychic hotline is offering first time college free reading no advance payments No contracts with 30 days of service just call the psychic hotline at 1-800 Psycho and we'll be connecting you with one of our psychic readers and get your first reading free I see that you just gotten engaged to a man Yeah, I have just about feeling to go but just after you got engaged you were You were cheating on your fiance Yes, how could you know that well you sound like a big slut over the phone like duh Get your free psychic hotline reading my calling 1-800 Psycho Psycho, so I keep her waiting for her call That must be connected to the psychic die-cut line 11-150-60 and of course not only there are arrangements and marriages But there also is such a thing called a bad marriage where people get stuck and didn't they never find a way out In there such a thing. Oh, I'm sorry. Just made that up One call on the board then we can go home early today. Maybe we can stick a marlins game on there, okay They're not playing one the label just to replay the one from yesterday. Oh, they lost two to one five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T-Li Here's a mobile in the Gables hello Hello, yes, sir. I got a joke for you. Okay, great. Okay, that's the end of this show today. Okay, nice being with you This guy's got a joke for us. Do we jokes on his show? No, no All this stuff that we got out there on the table this morning and here I am back in the middle of a dead place of a brain dead place In fact, you know something just like that guy said on 2020 last night. Don't feel bad about yourself Feel good about yourselves because you're walking around going The trophy will get everybody in this town of trophy you're exciting your great just because you're dull Don't feel bad about it just because you're definitely so does don't feel yeah God Oh my god Monday, August second 1999 just take a look at the calendar just cross off another day on her. Thank you Just put it up on the wall Don't ever notice there's a very bizarre story by the way on a front of yesterday's hero The Broward edition Very bizarre sex act reported at home for teens director fired after boys alleged trists The head of the Brown schools of Florida has been replaced after 23 incidents involving sexual acts Between teenage boys were reported at a Broward treatment set of the company runs for juvenile sexual offenders Christine Felicci acting chief executive officer a Brown schools of Florida was removed this week After investigators allegedly discovered a pattern of sexual activity involving five teenage boys at Elaine Gordon treatment center said Kevin Boyd Spokishman for the schools Now listen to this see this later on in a story talks about the child on child sex abuse But in the first few paragraphs which is almost of his read it says the investigation was prompted by an An initial report of sexual misconduct between Two teenage residents that allegedly occurred July 17 at the center the four profit center was the state's primary residential treatment program for young sex offenders And it's housed on the grounds of the South Florida State Hospital in temper find cares for 40 boys ages 12 to 20 After the July 17 incident was reported investigators uncovered further incidents The alleged that five teenage boys created a system to distract staff in order to engage in Consensual sexual activity without the knowledge of adult supervising them Yeah, can can can somebody explain that to me? Consensual sexual activity without the knowledge of adult supervising them so in other words are this adults supposed to supervise them And are you sexual activities that what that means? I'm supposed to come in and show murder well put what and how to do it And head out the condoms Oh, and that's another thing don't get me started on condoms because America's real uptight There are videos that they won't show on MTV because they got condoms that promoting condoms in them Videos that you'll see in Europe, but you'll never see here because there are condoms being shown in the video And we'll have about that one commercial that they won't show because they're showing condoms in there Man talk about a repressive anal retentive society 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 in T wireless line When Joe comes back to under bring the ant okay because I think we're gonna have a picnic today Here's a mobile and Miami Beach hello Yes, sir. Oh the morning mail. What is this? Wednesday. I just don't like to let you know about something that happened During the elections here in Normandy, Shorts When I went to vote in the poll booth at the country club. Yeah, they had the borrow Yeah, I mean right Yeah Well, they were hoping I could get a little party a celebrate the no vote. Okay. Thank you the vote's over. Okay, sir That was last week that was last Thursday today's Monday. Let's move on to all these other 842 things we're talking about now and whatever else you want to them. I'd be something new. Okay. I don't like dwelling on the past it's over We won let's hear 560 50 50 50 60 Pong 560 on the 18 and T war all a boring line Here's Miami hello Miami How you doing today, man? Okay, sir hang in there buddy. It's Monday. I know it's brutal It's not illegal. Yeah, I got a little troll report. I know how Jesus fell up there on the cross Listen, I was in Nigel had a pleasure to go to Dallas last week and to see my girl that lives out there Yeah, and we went out On Sunday night about six o'clock to this sushi place with her girlfriend and Why do people go to sushi places? What what is that? I was with last was with her girlfriend. I really had no choice. I'm along. I'm along for the drinks So I go up to the bar and get the girl some drinks low It walks this guy and a Hot-looking girl and an older lady and I'm like damn I swear to God that's Troy Yeah, and so I you know went to the drinks back. I'm sitting there and I and I told my girl I'm like I swear to God that's Troy and that walked in you know and I pick up more looks back I look up and I see him going to the bathroom So I'm like I got to go in there and find out if this is yeah. Take a look at it Yeah, you take a look at it. You know so I can come back and give you a good report And I don't know believe So I go in there and there's two your nose and stay in next to him and I look over time Look a league next to Troy. Oh, this is even better than Johnny Dolant taking a league next to me and I'll do All right, hey, it's my claim to fame So I go hi man. How are you doing he goes? I'm fine. I'm like you Troy. He's like that be me So I just wanted to let you know that I looked down and he is circumcised Yeah But the question is did he look back? He's he's hung like a pony. Yeah But the question is did he look back? Oh no, no, I wouldn't let him Good move. Hey Neil, can I call somebody a douchebag? Yeah, hey Tim he said lack you're at domestic selling douchebag Okay, thank you. That's our last call of the day the board is white clean. Oh, okay. Just like a good clean rectum's white clean 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line I think I'm going back with his shows up there the finish off my car a van a weekend. It's a holiday up there now I'll go back come on got to beat the hell out of this You know something now that I look back out on retrospect I made a bad mistake because I want to be eating way too much crappiest today which I wouldn't have eaten if I were to stay out of town Because even the middle of an all-sparture festival it was better than being here I hate to say that I don't want you to take it personally unless you want to but it sure is how beat this At least it was uh it may have been aggravating but at least it was a little exciting, you know See if you're gonna get off the elevator alive 8 minutes after 11 at 560 wqam your coma inducing station for the 90s evidently and that's okay I don't take it personal we're gonna have a little lunch here bread doesn't know if yet I want some of that slice to son. I got to be on the acting this week all this week how about it? You think I can do it this week? No all week long no more crap no more garbage no more going on the Anico station by the way mama. I didn't eat just nickers bars. I eat nickers ice cream bars too How do you like that huh? I should have saved the rappers and taken your house for lunch on Wednesday. You know something that's what I'm gonna start doing I'm gonna take the little plastic bag that you give you the stuff in when you go to anywhere now Little plastic shopping bag and I'm gonna put the rappers in there From the Snickers ice cream bars not just the candy bars anybody can eat your Snickers bars Even the king size ones which I do like a lot but Snickers ice cream bar then We'll be talking Florida sucks I'm here to talk about a problem It's been on the lines of women everywhere How do that man smell? It guys and drive in a truck all day and you want you to go down there where he has that Man smell well Massive belly Understand Not I can find of it man smells with new sense of from strength rap content the one size fits all kind of on the beam and using any household closer I feel in Looks like I'm in your mouth ladies with such delightful flavors as blue ball berry City slurney and peanut salada Friends massive belly shrink rap liquid today I smell like the 20 grand coming right away It's 11 15 at 560 WQM we got a couple of calls on the board nothing to look Exciting here today so I have a feeling Yeah, I feel like we're gonna turn to him today, you know all else fails turn to Ricky 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's sunrise hello Yes sir Fireport for you We taking the bar down and looking to a lot that are on nice Okay, thank you. Okay, here's a mobile and Jupiter hello Hello, yes, sir You know first thing I gotta go on to the rack and go to my blood sugar's up in the 170s That's scary, but the mean kind a couple of months ago There's ice cream bars look, yeah, I know that Or there a couple of months ago I was up in Long Island and I saw a bumpest ticket. It just made me roll. I hope you find the funny It started up. I look just my luck Here I am on the smartest of horse and I'm on my Einstein Do anything to you Well speaking of horses by the way, you know yesterday channels thank God for the big dish I found me the big dish came in handy for something because I was sitting on the throne reading satellite TV week and I see the Whitney was gonna be on yesterday on fox One of the major horse races from Seratoga the channel 7kirian. No, no, they're too busy showing their local hysterical five o'clock news And it's five thirty they go into the headline news You know, it's not bad enough you already get headline news on your cable. Well, I got a repeat and pick it up because they got nothing to stick on here So your local fox affiliate channel 70 prives you of one of the great horse races I ever saw in my life and victory Gallup just reveals by by a narrow maybe long nose at the wire great race in Seratoga With that cut about a paragraph and a half a coverage in each of our local papers this morning. I was going boy great coverage 560 560 p on the AT&T line. We got the amateur comedians out today with very weak material We got the people we don't want to talk to I don't want to mention that Jack has Greg from Voiden Beach Pompano Beach, Bureau Beach, Forsyth Lucy wherever he is who which we hate him like poison. That's all we got today Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Last week I was a hero this week on old news. Yes, sir All right, I'm I'm I'm in the amateur comedians. What's gonna try? Okay, luck I should I Still won't be corrected Oh Oh And you'll notice by the way this is having no impact or effect whatsoever Two hours and 40 minutes of Ricky Martin today, baby Oh Do I mean no matter where you turn you can't get away from Ricky Martin. It's an all-requim Martin Monday here because we've got no calls No interest. This is the definitive day of my life. This tells you what this town is all about last week I was the hero. I was the great whitehold. I was the one voices sanity We got the election done everybody's peeing all over my leg and I come here on Monday morning and guess what hey screw you, baby Okay, so screw this story that was on the front page. I got no thoughts about that because it's too embarrassing Okay, that teenage voice dittle with each other and they don't necessarily have that permission from their parents to be watching from adults And the other 8500 things that I talked about this morning including my weekend with a care of anof festivals It must have you are too embarrassed to talk about and in fact we got golf and prime time on ABC tonight and The affirmative action thing which got all my day. I hope that I wish this guy all the luck in the world by the way With this I'll also have to petition 10 times good bye to affirmative action 560 560 are we on the air because I noticed that and the bizarre part of part about this is that most morning So I come in here and I take a peek at the phone to control them while the worst team is on and it's like deadly Maybe there's a call on there maybe not and they're in their pop-up this morning They were loaded you want to know why cuz they've had these football nerves are back They're in a feeding frenzy now because they actually had a couple of scrimmages so now they're in a feeding frenzy The people would know lives other than the jacks straps If I ended we even get a call about that. Oh no 560 560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. I mean I'm embarrassed I really am embarrassed and humiliated for the hypocrisy of this town People will pretend to care about something they don't care about anything you're you're just mindless Mindless battling rhetoric Where we heard that before Where we read that before here's a mobile in what is that saying indeed? I don't know what is that default Default but done on their automatic yes sir go ahead. I don't know okay You just want to thank you for doing your great public service last week and For the pattern Value ticket to gaming to go to a student state too. I never got to tell you thank you for that Huh, and I want to Vegas last week a great time great time everybody spending having a good time And I like this one way of doing something down over here. Yeah, how's your week in a Toronto by the horrible? Horrible. Yeah, all sorts of man off horses. Yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, I don't who do you know right? No, no no I will only wish But you have a lot of your stuff. Well, I'm thinking okay have a great day pal I'll have to well I'll have to no I'm not do I go to Kaiio. No, no I like a few white people around you I'll just a few to make me feel comfortable Maybe feel safe like going to Louise in the Bronx What? Come on to my other water I am well, why you I don't care what do I care about her ass? What are you just saying okay? Well great you're excited about her ass. I don't want to see her ass or Ricky Martin says huh In fact, as we honestly I'm not into anybody's ass. I mean you guys I don't want to get back on that again There'll be another 30 grand five six seven five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless one Dead Monday murder song blue Monday by fat stomoro dead Monday. That's it today Monday August to the worst day of my life So when I started mentioning it like half an hour ago we're getting lunch from a bread today Tony's but he is no because I want that sausage with no cheese cut the cheese okay no more cheese Just some of that slice sausage with the sauce and little bit onions that would be that was perfect And he doesn't matter send two pounds of it by the way just to make him feel a little bit better Why is it that every time these people send me lunch no matter who it is they always send like three times more than I need and I said here I just shovel it down and shovel it down and shovel it down Here's a mobile and candle hello Neil yes, sir You went to Toronto but there are a lot of Yitz up there Sir in hanging around them carabana festival sir was all sparks a weekend in Toronto. Oh They have that up there too. You heard everywhere right As far as the normal just you ordinary pedestrian black people these were people went out of their way to be loud and rude and obnoxious and Make you as disgusted as you possibly could just to be in their midst but anyway, yes Like the San Francisco gay parade gay pride for something like that. Yeah similar. Yeah. Anyhow Once once once we get anywhere near the season or there's a practice You know all the dolphins come out of the woods where people have no lives. Yeah, and that's all they doing all they talk about there Analyze these dolphins are analyzing every play There's more this morning. They were complaining you that they practice too far away from the statements where they sit Like Jimmy Johnson goes excuse me. What would you like it to do out here? You know what this reminds me What it's like when people call them say they went to panther practice and I say to myself Do you people have any kind of a life at all why would anybody go to a practice to a scrimmage? I mean if these people are that impressed and overwhelmed by these a little bit more on the they need serious help Some of them do that and by the way, they're gonna put a little bit more on gc crom alone signs for 17 million years 66 million in at the end of his career. Did you read normal brain of butter in the hell? Yeah, I did. I thought it was excellent. But that's old news now. Let's move forward That's that's the point of his letter. He said we got to move on and make his corrections I thought Norman Yeah, Neil and Norman for president. Okay, thank you. Okay, see 560 50 50 pound 560 on a AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello Hey, Neil, how are you today? Okay, sir. I just tuned in and I here. It's a slow day I wonder if it's slow enough you can answer a godfather question for me I Was watching the three movies over the past couple weeks in godfather three How did they kill John Lucas the idea? What is last is he took his glasses off and he stabbed him in the neck and Okay, I'm not gonna stop the one of his own It was his own glass right he agreed grabbed the glass off of his head and he just stabbed him in the neck and by not being a gushie Didn't see too much of the blood but enough to make you realize he's a mortal That's what I thought I just couldn't imagine that that's what it was The advantage to kill the man with his own glass. I'm pretty clever, huh? Pretty good where there's a will is a way I'll tell you my name may be well, but I'll find a way. Okay, all right, and watch out for Superman. He'll get you every time Yeah, that was a Johnny Ola that's Fredo. He never met Johnny did he? Huh? Oh, no, you didn't You broke my heart's Fredo 560 50 50 50 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line at 1126 here at QM We're a begging for an audience baby See how many times have I told you that two by the way not only we win the election last week We got those great ratings and then a little manny bell gave me the breakdown and I'm just sitting here squeezing myself I'm so excited for like not just number one or number one half and almost every you demographic that means anything and then you coming out of money It's like okay. We'll show you Mr. Hachot That's why anybody who develops an ego in this town is got a real problem Because they shoot you down every God damn day By the way, don't mention those Cuban bulletz anymore, okay? Last week I did the crazy I knew the focus to learn keep on it And then I hit the street To go check out my dad and what happened was wild I was a black guy And then on the door I said to him He's got a lot of stuff and you've learned what's going down And look at me and if I was some kind of brain And you won't believe what he's talking Jake Boots and Jake the boom How do you like the kids and those kids to put on special you don't like the kids And those kids to put on The home kids don't like the kids The boom and Jake the boom boom boom He's very fun at Jake Boots and he pulls out his gun and doesn't need to I'm getting learning keep on it And I won many things I see Instead of his life it would all do I'm off the loop on the bottom And that later I'm not always dying Someone called the parametica I'd be too many other dudes That man you pathetic aren't people You'll be fine in seconds It will be dead Man you'll take a boom Jake the boom How I wish you like the Jacob who you take the boom Said heartbreaking Fake the answer Don't like the kids There's a boom boom If you don't want There'll be a bug Do you even think the kids The tous games will get� Like the kids Don't like the kids The whole we say a balloon The I got 3 to 5 quintil vf you Do you want to continue our desperate search for place where there's a home a whole bunch of white people. 560 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T lunch. For example, I got that golf thing on ABC tonight. Only two golfers. This is a max tournament, okay? So only two golfers and one of them is Tiger Woods. What is that today? Gotta be one of my guy and one dark guy. Here's Coral Gebel. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I've got a question for you. Have you seen the movie No. Project? No, I read all the reviews are great. Yeah, I want to see a yes, and let me tell you something. I went home and I had to check each corner of my house when I got home at 12 o'clock. I thought said, did you see it? George is going to be thumbs down each other side. I'm all reviews are rare. We're great. Even great movie. I said put an ending on it. They've been really good. Let me tell you something. Everybody says the ending sucks. I like the ending stuff that I mean below there was no ending. There was no ending. But how it didn't end it? What they don't give you an conclusion, but it pretty much you have to think about it. If you have a brain you pretty much configured. Well, I figured it out. It sucked. George says it sucks. Neil, go watch it. Okay. I'm going to leave now because obviously we got no show going on today. And of course, today is only August 2nd. We got the next month to Labor Day. It'll be a good month to take. In fact, that's what they do in a lot of countries in Europe. They take the whole month to August off and they just disappeared. They close up shop and they go out of town. Let's do it. Oh, 567. 0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T line. I can't believe you. I've read. In fact, even yesterday in one of the papers, I was reading on a plane. A glowing review about that movie. Four out of four stars and just went on and on about how great it was in great idea. Yeah. Great. And how was really a horror movie that was really scary got the tension building all the way through and the credits rolls. And everybody sat in their seat until the blue rating screen came on until the commercials came on and then really slowly. So is like having a wild J-sex or if you would know scored score, it concludes you exactly. Here's a mobile in the Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. When it goes sailing this weekend? No. There she blows. You'll be able to say for the first time in your life. Come on. Yeah. Good material. Like I said, no material is crowded today. Zero. And George is in her screaming at these people on the phone. Just screaming in. Yeah. Oh, I look who it is that he's screaming at. Oh, he were green. 560, 50560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. I'm going home. I'll tell you that right now. I'm starting to feel really sick. I felt pretty good when I came in this morning. I'm starting to feel a little under the weather. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I don't know. I consumed in late. And I'm off of covered this or not. But the headlines and today's parallel. A sin of weakness about first lady child abuse led to clenched in fidelity. Where it was caused. Yeah. Well, that's all they're talking about is about what she said on this interview. And I had to be honest with you. I can't handle it. I can't stand it. I'm not a father in a grandmother caused his infidelity. Yeah. I made the fact that she's the ice princess. They didn't state together for two one years. Maybe that had something to do with it. I think that's what it did it. Okay. Thank you. I mean, what is she going to come on here and say is that she's not into giving head. So naturally she's out. Which is what we already heard was that in the conversations with him in Monica about how Hillary couldn't satisfy him the way he wanted to be satisfied. And of course, it's kind of hard when you're sleeping in separate houses like Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt we're doing talk about an arrangement. Speaking of arrangements. We're really desperate. Okay. Let me ask you to just see per saving private Ryan. No. Okay. In the beginning of that. You remember for a while. TV commercials. I also didn't see Stalach 17. Okay. You remember for a while shaky TV commercials were in where the camera was always shaking. Were you were shaking it? Yeah. You remember that. Yeah. Of course. That's very briefly. We used to call it a puke can imagine an hour and a half for that. In what? In that movie. An hour and a half of that shaking crap. In the color which you're mama project. Yeah. Black and stuff. I thought that you don't know how come all the reviews are so great. You know what? Because everybody's trying to be our C. Farcee. Yeah. Let me tell you what. It's not a movie you would go back and see a second time. It's a movie that makes you sick by the time you're done by the time it's over. You're so nauseated. Anything scared of crap out of you. Yeah. I had to bury my face in my wife's lap on the so sick. It was like a bad roller coaster. Are you sure there was in that order? I'm sure. How do I hate it you find that your blood type? No. I thought you were getting all these blood tests done. When you get a blood test done they don't tell you your blood type. I could call my mother and find out my blood type. Oh yes. Please find out your blood type. No. Yeah. Because you know you need to go back and read that book again. What book? Eating for your blood type. Oh yeah. You crazy that was Ellie at a bravame. Was that his name? No. No. No. The Eidamo. The Eidamo. Some day go with all the xenobach. I think you were. I think you were. The Eidamo. Just get your blood type and let me know what it is on the end. Oh. No. Anyway, do not go see the movie. I promise. Okay. That's our full question which would be a better or a waste of two hours American pie or the Blair Witch or Fırkin project. What ever it is? Actually American pie has some. Do you like that Eugene Levy? I don't know who that is. You know he used to be the Schmangie brothers with John Candy. He was on second city TV. By the way, second city TV is coming back this fall by the way. All the way to know if it's going to be here. It's coming back in Canada. But anyway. I would assume it would have it all in the cast. Yeah. Anyway, John Levy was on second city TV. He was the Jewish guy with the black for the air. The glass is in the big shnawns. Anyway, he feels the movie. He's a kid's father. He's constantly catching him. He's doing things. Yeah. But anyway, the movie was hysterical. It was no something about Mary, but it was very good. Well, I actually got pretty good reviews too from Newsual Student One Electables. We'll give 85 stars to the Blair Witch Fırkin project to give 81 or 2 to that one. Let me tell you what. People are jumping on that pan where can that movie suck? Okay. Have a good day. It's sucked. Now we're now selling. Now we're. What? That's a gene show. What does he know? How about can you see it anyway when you got all that hair in your way? You'd like the one kid in American pie. Yeah. I always told you that. Yeah. I'm going to go see it right now. Is he naked a lot in the movie or what? Yeah. This shirt off. Well, that's a good start. That's a good start. Always you got to get this shirt off first before we get everything else off. Although not necessarily. 560560, pound 560. And I noticed we got spots on the log that they are recorded spots for cannon digger wine. Oh, right. There for Howard Samuel. Oh, cannon digger industry. Oh. From a great city cannon digger in New York. What's still the same scale old 10,000 people in that they had 100 years ago and it's a great time. A lot of white people there too, by the way. Oh. Now that's a good question. And that would be a great. We'll ever find out. You think there's any sparks is moving because when I live there, they're all another damn fact machine is beeping. Boy, this is a day from hell. You know what? I think the pubs full of crap. I think there is a place such as hell. A physical place. I think we're in it. That's our question. That's the searches on. We found North Lime O'Hile, which it turns out is nowhere near the regular ordinary Lime O'Hile. Now we got to find out how there's sparks in the candidate in New York. And if so, what are they doing there? We're going to find out what's going on. It's going to be a live at Trucine. Do you or your family suffer from things? Others of Zyphan, what should you know about a miracle drug that helps you deal with the symptoms of various things? Zyphan. What are the Department of Health's prestigious longest list of side effects award for two years running? Zyphan. Talk to your doctor today. Some swelling the brain. Infitance and large amount of various glands. And that same always white-u-gay history. It's not only a lot of other areas. And patients and plays a lot of specific associated with the use of Siphon. Other possible side effects include blinds, Dizziness, loss of weight, loss of color, loss of key, Strengthening of a hair. A version of Sling music zombies and light sweats. Talking like Roger Ewer, it's your organ exploding head and the gout. Some patients have reported blurred vision for only talking as well. And saying the phrase, good to go. Not news, both in bones, monthly agromek, a high cholesterol, low esteem, wet packing, cost, dry, use, soft, or immediate sections. Cloud watching and recording is a more significant number of Siphon users of a ported occasional thoughts of chestband. Most of them is causing a ting. We see ported twisting the literate, spine straight and told in the line Hed 8 muscle links, clawed 8th and is in gas vessel incessant Staring and barking. Get your complete list of Siphon effects on our website at www.Siphon.Siphon.Siphon. If I say you kidding me, question mark.org. Siphon. Keep away from cats dogs. Snakes, children, the young at heart, and goats. Siphon. Medicine for today's. Thanks. 1145 at 5.50. WQM so finally after prodding and cleaning and begging. And here's somebody who's creative and does it by facts. It says I've been married for almost 16 years. The actual relationship probably lasted seven years and after I'd daughter was born eight years ago, the marriage became nothing more than two people sharing a home. Bills in a responsibility of raising a child. No small feat by no stretchy imagination, but a marriage needs a great deal more than that just to survive. During the past few years, I've considered divorce and I've ventured once outside the marriage, but I've remained married for one reason, my daughter. The marriage by definition no longer exists and you can't complain about my sex life because I don't have one. I don't even recall the last time my wife and I did it. But the responsibility of raising my daughter out of ways to sadness of seeing a relationship of somebody you're disappearing front of my eyes. I guess in a way this is an agreement of sorts in which we both know the marriage is gone, but we both stay sharing the responsibility of raising our daughter. How do you like that? Unkind of course, confidential, but nevertheless, one of many zillions of such stories in the naked city. I guarantee you. Another arrangement, just like the Clinton's app, just like the Roosevelt's hat, just like I don't know how many millions of American couples have. An arrangement. But nevertheless, in the city and public company we're out to post and talk about things like that. We're supposed to pretend that everything is beautiful and glamorous and wonderful. And everybody's Jewish, like what's your name on a guiding light? Which I can't take a burning, just use a fiance? She looks about as Jewish as Earth a kid. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, about the Blair Witch, definitely got to go see it. I thought this weekend, I'm like one of the biggest, everybody in this building has just told me since that one called it is the worst piece of crap they ever saw in her life. They said like having a bunch of little kids go out with it, making a whole movie getting lost in the woods. And I thought I agree with it. It's kind of the other scene of show-comps. It's kind of like that. You see the camera around chasing people. Yeah. Okay, but I get you into it because in the sense that it's not like every other horror movie that you see some stupid crappy moms that run around chasing people. You know, it kind of makes you feel like you're actually in the movie. And the ending going back to Georgia, there's no way that can end it. That's the whole basics of the movies. You know, the ending when you say, if you have to see the movie, which I definitely think you should because I'm fortunate to hate the movie. I got a big 50 inch TV. I got a DVD player. I love watching everything at home. Right. I hate going to movies with a bunch of screaming kids in the background. But I wouldn't go see this one. And I loved it. I absolutely adored it. I thought the movie was great. I think personally you should go see it. I think you might like it. You know, it's a lot better than most of the other crap that they put in the movie. And it's definitely better than horror movies like The Honding and stuff like that. That every horror movie is identical to the last. Every single one is identical. This one at least is completely different. And you really start feeling sorry for the kid because you're there. You're actually feeling kind of like what they're feeling. They're lost out there. They're going crazy. They start getting hungry. They're starting leaves and stuff. It's okay. It's a trip. Okay. Alright, but thanks. I'm on my way for the noon showing. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Am I going to go see it? No. No. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. We were listening to this radio show that's woke around here. And never seen the city that's portrayed in the world. Which project is afraid to show the movie there because they think the people are going to go on what panic. Which I think is just like completely stupid. And another thing, the week that it's premier, they showed it on 26 screens. And it just thought made more money than Star Wars did. I mean, if you want like crappy film quality about three yuppies kids in a forest like Screening about some urban legends. Yeah. Just show it on TV. Save yourself a lot of money and tie more people to watch it. I'm actually the photography on the time. Reinshow is probably better than I meant. I'm green as the man. He is. I mean, he could do better than like this movie. Without even trying. Just just puke him for an hour and a half and probably more entertaining. Yeah, more intelligent than his mind and those three little yuppies screeners have in their entire life. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I'm going to stay in fact in George Everbings and back to the tape. Have you watched that yet? No. That's going to be just like me with the sopranos. That book of Brian gave me the tape that's got all the previous episodes on it for the last 500 years. I don't want to see the sopranos. See, just because I like the godfather and good mafia movies. And there's another one. It's got all those awards that it's nominated for and all this other book. Great. I'm happy for you. Okay. I don't want to see the sopranos. I turned on the tape the friday. He gave it to me. I watched about 10 minutes of it and it went in the off position and it went back in a box. And that's it. It just didn't do anything for me. It didn't catch you. You thought of what I'm saying. It just didn't didn't hold my interest. I looked at it and I said, like that. And that was just like a apocalypse now. I've tried to watch that. I bet you 10 times. I have the tape sitting right at home right now as we speak about like I said 45, 50 times. I've tried to watch it. I watched the first 15, 20 minutes of it. And I pulled it out and the stick it in the box and then you know, tape through. It doesn't it just can't watch it. It's of no interest to me. See, I'm not one of those people that watches a movie or a TV show because everybody else is, oh, you got it. You got to see it. Okay. Fine. I'll watch a few minutes. I'll try anything once almost. And then, you know, if it doesn't hold my interest, I'll move out of something else. Something entertaining like. Which I can watch all those episodes again. If you'd ever bring the damn tape back because you're not going to watch it. I don't know what the real purpose of the video is. Huh? No, my paper is he wants to borrow that? What? I'm never going to get to see it. No, because you're holding on to the guy then. I can't imagine. Somebody like you who waste so much time doing nothing being sick all the time. I can't imagine somebody like you not watching the time green. It's got all the episodes. And you'll see a lot of those. A lot of the stuff that they're showing now like this last one. Did last Thursday night in MTV. I saw that. Oh, my yeah, but almost all those segments are from these old shows. Which maybe it's sponsored for you. I don't know. They're still funny the second time. Although I really could've lived without the worm. No, that thing. No, I just, I mean, I watched it. And yeah, it's very funny, but it's just a little bit too gross. You don't understand? The meal worms were like. Almost semi racing to the bowl. But not quite. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Can you hire you though? Okay, sir. Just get the movies. There you go, Mike. Video's torn. Get a analyze that. Have you seen it yet? No. You haven't seen it. I just didn't reach out to you. Volta in that? No, it's really crystal in Robert DeMiro. Oh, yeah. Yeah, no, there's no way. I would watch that. That's a forced forced another rule. I think it's been for Robert DeMiro to play another Guido. Oh, man. That was a great movie. I've ever seen. Funny and crap. The greatest movie you ever saw. For a funny goes. A mafia comedy. I thought so. Okay, thanks. Now, there's one you can market down right now and you'll never go see that. No, I saw the clips from that. First of all, Robert DeMiro, he talked about leaving you cold. He is so overrated. It's a joke. Robert DeMiro, what he contributed to the, to the godfather trilogy, you could stick in a symbol and have room for the old Soviet army in there. He contributed nothing to it. If it could have been anybody that played the young veto Coral, you know, it could have been anybody else. The only movie I ever saw him in that way he was good in was the once upon a time in America. That was pretty good in that. If he had like four or five extra hours to kill. And there's another movie, by the way, exactly. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just how that popped into my mind. Exactly what you're saying with his Blair, which one was it project? You watch the movie for like 17 hours once upon a time in America. The uncut version. But that's because they were tied in from the old country. That's why they were on cut. But nevertheless, you watch the whole fix and it gets to the end and is there an ending? No. No. It just ends. And you were assuming that James Woods got cobbled up in the, in the, to garbage truck there at the end. Although you don't see those vids popping out, which really makes you wonder. You ever noticed, Wayne Hypinga, where do you make all this money in the garbage business? James Woods was in at role where he allegedly got two up in the garbage store. Both had the same complexion. You ever noticed that? Same zits. Uh-huh. Maybe they rubbed it together. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll, hello. You know, yes sir. Hey, did you see that fraternity bit on 2020 last night? Yeah, I talked about it. I said, all fraternity should be banned starting right now. Do you think they shall be banned? Yes. What about the academic ones? I let me say it again. All fraternities should be banned. What purpose do they sure? What's the point? Drink a lot of beer and bang a lot. Why do you have to be in a fraternity? Do that. It is a lot easier to meet chicks that way. Okay, thanks. Uh-huh. There's a real genius for you. Really easy to meet chicks that way. Of course, I guess that kid ain't going to be meeting any more chicks. Oh, how they did? Almost six or like a guy in a box. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. See, I see these things which are, you know, just on the face of them. Obviously anybody with a brain who's on it would say, yeah, right on baby. But you know, something, they're not the American effin' way. So some punk like this last color there. Oh, gee, well, you know, for turning in, and he's probably in a fraternity or was in one, like a lot of you college punks out there. There's no need for it. Absolutely none. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how are we doing Neil? Okay, sir. I did follow that brain surgeon like that. But anyway, listen, I wanted to film this upon a little bit. I'm not a big, you know, it was a pretty good thing. The whole thing about the show was it was never really meant, it wasn't really promoted at big by HBO, like it was going to be a big, big deal. And it just kind of grew by word of mouth. Yeah. People, kind of like that. I really enjoyed it. I've, the first couple shows I said, oh, this is nothing. And then it was on like every Sunday night and then I started watching it. And once you get into the characters and you know, you, like, kind of like a soap opera kind of deal. Yeah. Once you identify with the characters, it really become realistic. I've interviewed some of you. I've got a Puerto Rican mafia family. I'm guiding light dust enough. I've only heard about that when I, I've been seeing it like I work in a night time. So I'm not available to watch those, but I haven't really got into those. Listen, I don't want to chip stage. I know you're playing that movement of Europe on these days when you're contact runs out. If you ever make it up, though, but I'm on the opposite. You've got to go to Thailand. No, I'm not a child monster. No, I'm not like the opposite towards anything. But the country's pretty good. The food is great. How far it is? How long does it take to get there? From here, good 18 hours. Oh, I'll pass. No wrong. It's a long deal, but listen, I've been bringing back some stuff from there as far as, for a go. Anyway, I can get touch with the algo. For what? I got the raw footage that I might get promoted during the day. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. Have a great day, pal. Al's got the raw stuff he needs. Okay. He's about as raw as he gets. See, I don't know. It's not for the sexting. And they start something about how beautiful it is. And all by the way, he's got a bunch of porno that he brought back from there. Some raw stuff. Yeah, probably 10 year old kids. Okay. Trace the call to pedophile. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless one. And I just want to say this in passing. Okay, because then I want to get sidetracked on it. I hate to break the news to you. But last time I checked, they don't cure pedophiles. Okay. So they need to put them away and keep them away. And that's that would solve that problem. And some kind of an institution. If they would deal with it like an illness. Okay. Put them away. Lock them away somewhere and that's it. You know, today, even I shouldn't do it because I'm going to really good mood and I feel fine. And the sun is shining somewhere. But today would be a real appropriate day for me to just go nuts and go off on the sales department. Here again. And on this whole operation. Here we just had screw-and-winic, our steam sales manager. She gets to the employee of the suck-up of the month thing from Greg Reed, which is okay because that things that you'll get anyway. We all laugh at it. But isn't it amazing that we work in a place where there is no such thing as servicing in the count. I have no idea why any advertisers advertise on this radio station. Because the management here really and truly, honestly, doesn't care about doing a job for these people. I mean, I worked in stations before it always has been a problem getting copied that makes them send give us something to work with something with some teeth and a I heard Hank screaming about this the other day and rightfully so. But it's gotten so bad now and is there anybody in his building doing anything about it? Oh, you know, Ray Perry, they'll drag him up here about once every six months and he'll talk a good game and he'll go and tap somebody on a shoulder and maybe something will happen. But these people, man, it's unbelievable to stop that. I was just telling George, I have never ever in my life been handed the swill the craft that I get handed here and then people say, okay, make magic for this sponsor. Do a wonderful job. And I'm sitting here going. What are you talking about? What does this mean? It's in high-robe glyphics. It makes no sense to me. And they just don't care. I'm not making that up. I'm not exaggerating. I'm not trying to be dramatic. I'm just telling you the way it is. They just don't give a flying crap in this place. And I have nothing but the greatest disrespect for people who have no who just don't care. I can come on here and say, okay, I don't carry the like I did three four months ago and do that guilty routine. Just take the money. Thank you. And you can go on that for a little while. But after a while you start saying, what kind of swill is this? How can you people be so uninvolved? How can you take the money? How can you take the commission when you're not servicing your accounts? And he puts a lot about the screw and when it can what a wonderful sales department he is of misfits of mental midgets who are busy having advice downstairs on the second floor. Because they're trying to prove which ones the biggest moron. God, it's just shocking to me to these people read this stuff. Did they look at it? Did they think about it? They have any concept of what it is that they're handing to us? Embarrassing. Embarrassing. Here's a mobile invoiting V. Chilla. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? Okay. Just came out of the stake and shake drive through in Boiton. Ah, brand new. The stake and shake is open and Boiton V. That's it. Oh, right. I feel better. I couldn't get in. I had to go through the drive through. Yeah. I've got myself double sirloin burger very lean. Very excellent. Right. Friends fries. All the best. Unified. Very. Greece free. I give it a nine. Okay. I give it a nine. Now where is it? Old-going road just west of Congress. Near the borders. For the near the border. How long has it been open? Probably a week. A week. Yeah. Which means the one in plantation acres can't be far behind. No. I'm sorry. I believe. Great. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Take care now. And don't shake it too hard. Stay can shake is open and Boiton V. Just in time for our lunch. You're up from our good friend to Brad over at Tony's. At a hundred ninety-third North West Second Avenue. Or their stuff just keeps getting better and better and better. Yeah. Sure. I'll take one. Joe. Why don't he'll not stick this back in there. If you would. Or just play and stick it. Yeah. In fact, we were all commenting here on Friday that their pizza's getting so good. And I'm saying other places where there's stuff is real good. But they're climbing right up to the top of the ladder. Our buddy Brad Obertonis. 560-50560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Can you hear me? Yes sir. Hi. How are you sir? Great. Pleasure to talk to you. I know how adamantly you feel towards the news stations. And I just want to interject some of these here. You know, I'm adamantly I feel towards the news station. These people how they how they project something, you know, a story and they take it completely out of context. Like Channel 710, you know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. Okay. The shooting in Atlanta. The guy that's the shooting. They say, oh, you know, he had a focus fall. It's not market. And he went crazy. The guy that was already crazy. And you know, and this is what gets me so mad. Well, you see, they're very upset because he's dead. So they can't analyze. They can't interview him. They can't have an ongoing thing. And it's happening with a circuit in the North American Colorado. The media get very frustrated when the way a perpetrator was dead. Right. And then it's just that's what they do with everybody. You know, somebody does something crazy. And they blame it on, you know, stops or, you know, white. Everyone has a lot of money. The fact that he bludgeon his ex-wife and, And what did that do? Right. One of the reasons that six years ago, maybe he just had a bad day at the track that day. There you go. And I just want to say they're all a bunch of idiots. And also the, She got me took my material. Okay. I've got to write a, okay. Hey, listen, they don't have a lot of material that they, but at least they make the effort to call, which is more than I can say for most of this crowd today. And every Monday of my life. Just tears your kiss. Just like reaching into your intestines and pulling your kiss. I don't know why I do like something that's good stuff. They're not at the pickle barrel. I love my stuff, Kishki. But I never got there this weekend because, well. 5.670. 5.60. Pound 5.60 on the mobile one line. Here's key largo. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. Yeah, my, my, uh, every Sunday in my day like to go get my, my, you hear, oh, and, uh, you want to cross the street the other day and, uh, people just money in and he gives a a favor out and he looks at it. Follow the Spanish. Yeah. There's, uh, they didn't, they pushed them. The English was a Spanish. They want to take English like the English arrow. Yeah. And for the Spanish one in there. Yeah. And the English one are anywhere in the area. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Okay. And another thing. See at the passport office, yes. It is, uh, I think you should go to the chair of the player which, but if you do, it may on sci-fi. They have a special lot of it. Which my girlfriend, she said that you should watch it before you do the movie. Okay. Because they can do all this, uh, other info on it. And it is a good movie. Okay. I'll do it. See. He says it's a good movie. By the way, George, you said you're full of crap in so's Tommy. Tommy said it sucked. Now Paul Harvey Jr. What did he say? I'm, I don't even remember what he said. He said it sucked. Oh, well, when the last time you agreed with him, never, that was the first time. Yeah. So, aren't you being the wonder about it when you started agreeing with him that maybe you were never going to start a movie before? Five, I'm maybe how about Lee J. Cobb. He likes to talk film. Right father, Piranoia? Uh-huh. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line on a very weak Monday, one of the weakest days in the history of my life. I'll tell you that. How come I'm so strong any audience is so weak. You know what I'm saying? How come I'm so guide them strong as they would say on that boring morning show of ours? Why are you really strong today? I don't you love the way that they use that word like, uh, silly. It's a silly show for silly people. It's the biggest pile of course crap I have ever seen in my freaking fracking life. He was America's golden boy. The one who couldn't do, but never was. And really didn't want to. All of herself brings you the dream, the tragedy that Trump's a nation. J. of G. Jr. starring Will Smith. J. ofna mister, do you like it? I'm so impressed in the cockpit. I'm ready. I'm going to f**k it. Hey, we're all big and big. We're going to f**k me. We'll Smith does as JFK Jr. You'll watch it. I'll bring into a theater near you. If you don't want me to lie to you, you know. Say you can see it. Something for everybody in this video, I'll tell you. I do enjoy watching this. I do. This is the best video. There you go. We can agree on that. 98 degrees, we're going to. I'm going to open the night. You want to open the night. You know what I'm saying? Ha ha ha ha ha. Do the ball, man. Oh, you're my target name. You're the target name. I wanted it. I wanted it. I'll find a lot of there already. What does he do in this group that I'll find? I always got to be somebody who can't get out of that group. We're becoming a celebrity. He's a celebrity. Get the out fine. I thought you liked what type of thing. And it's a little stupid guy who's getting him out of there. There's a good brother's Jeff and Nick. Get these younger. I can't even say. And you know what I said? The end he says. Beth's up. Beth's up. Everybody else has got, you know, they're all supposed to be dating the same trick. But he used your hooters. He's Beth's up. Yeah. But he's expecting an albino anyway. I got to take it there's Nick. And then this Nick, nothing to go from this. This Nick is the first out in the guy that we've been like all excited about while. And he is up there. He's from the chin down. He's your place to meet him. Ball is what I'm saying. What did I say about 908 to 3? Did you hear it? And I said, I said they suck. Baby, baby, I didn't see that. Oh, man, I was just put that girl on living room room. That's my girlfriend. I just proposed her. That's up. That's up. He can't even do that. Yeah, I can't him out of there. I can't then I'll fight a lot of 908 degrees. We'll have a hit. Oh, 5. 5. 6. 0. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 9. 8. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 7. 9. 7. 6. 7. 7. Everything about Pomerathan's life happened with Vancerloset. 8. 6. Whole country.asu Nailey. Friday night. Did see that again. Godfather Tujana, no matter any of the three that come on television and as soon as I see it, I'm stuck. I can't turn it off. I just watch it. To its conclusion, if I was on to four in the morning, I would sit there still glued with it. That's how great the Godfather Tujia is. Even including Godfather three with the big nose and the bad acting. I don't care what anybody says. It's still God at the moment. And these people would are, oh, you got to watch this a plan. Oh, yeah, yeah. I forget this a plan. It was okay. Not interested. There's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Well, yes, sir. Yeah, first time. One time. All right. Hey, yeah. I'm probably going to call you. You've got to have actually seen the eight degrees ahead of take my kids to the Nickelodeon. Fast, where they were and were about 20 in saying back street, 40. And the eight degrees. Oh, right. I think they're multiplying it or a land though there and just kind of cracking it up. Yeah, okay. Your phone's crap. And I wonder, what do you say? They say they could say, oh, they can. They're good. Actually, Nick is the only one of the groups that really can sing and once in a while, the brother Jeff, who's got a great body by the way, but nevertheless, he throws in a order to and the Albino and little short for me kid. They're in there just to fill it out. I guess I don't know to make it look kosher. 600 open lines here today. Five, six, seven, all five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile online. It's really great, man. The body's much fun is being self-imilated inside a goddamn thing. Here's a dear field beach call. Hello. Hey, what's going on? How much foul? I'll make this quick since your phone lines are obviously jammed. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Three quick things. One, if you can't remember the bill, Bill Hicks. Yeah. Somebody sent me something to find a number of retellients. Oh, I just got a, is it, you'd like it. It's the same kind of stuff. Same philosophy you have on religion and, you know, legalization of drugs and prolificinal acrobatics. Did you like time green? No. No one is like time green. No, no one is. And number two is that this summer has sucked so much ass. It is so dead out here. Yeah. I've got a lot of sign. There's nothing. I'm really like, put my wrist here. You know, something, now that you mentioned, I've been thinking this every day when I back out of the garage to come to work, my neighborhood is like, like, everybody either went away or they all died. I mean, there's not even a dog on the street. There's no sign of life anywhere down here. I know, I could watch a flare gun and know what you would see. Exactly. And, um, lastly, I have a special song for our favorite person, Wayne Heisenko, um, to the tune of O Canada. Yeah. Oh, sperm for lunch. It's Wayne Heisenko's favorite dish. Good score. Oh, sperm for lunch. It costs on his upper lip. Oh, okay. Everything. Oh, okay. There you go. You said Wayne, to crush the old fart. What's wrong with that? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Is there anybody alive out there? Is there anybody living and breathing? Oh, isn't just obsessed with that stupid oblong object called a football. Oh, it's football time. That's a ball. I do that as a ball. No, I'm not to be honest with you. And yes, I'll probably watch some games again this year. Like I had the last two or three years, but with much less interest than ever before, because it's getting really loud, I'm not even gonna point out what does it mean. And we might get pregnant because one day I'm finishing up the Tory tour and I'm leaving on the way to **** on the tof and blah, but I'm starting the BOB MATERSON TV that the right thing morning is trying to go out like this all of a sudden, like everyone is leaving site to drive In Bull. Not given or appreciate her was fired by a sponsor, not making Meann<|en|> pon Akbar out, but in the fucking world, they don't really thank here for the video you can get me talking about. The coaches are all about the post-194 followers real two by the way, Aldi Landrie. That's the Dorito girl. Did she came to Tom Landrie? I think? Oh, oh yeah, let's get that football pie in there. That'll like these bastards up. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yes sir. The Japanese are watching Showa and Channel 7 less. When she signs from God? No. No. Two hours the most fantastic Dustin in Showa River was watching. It personally be on the shadows of the dark that the key word in the right is temporary. You didn't watch it. You'll get a fitting over it. When it pleased? No. We're going to convert new ratchars. Please. Yeah, huh. Okay. Hold your breath, pal. Wait, wait. Please, please. This. Okay. 1600 open lines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Take your fairy tales in your bubble miceies, pal, and have a great time with them. Okay. Just sit in the back of the room with the your thumb and your mouth going. Yeah. I have a wonderful time. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Mr. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, wanted to give you a report on the Blair Crack Got Project. And it was okay. It was a pretty original film, but pretty much it had a guy made it for about 20,000 bucks. Right. And it looks like you're watching an episode of cops for about two hours. And I just have one camera bouncing around and I'm just conversation with these kids and it's kind of fair in a couple of parts, but most of it is pretty bad. Pretty weak. Yep. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right. I remember several years ago, many years ago, they were doing a thing on the about 10 years ago on the TV news on the with that puke can. Remember that? And then we're trying to down there and then we do a story and the camera would be like bouncing around it and you felt like you were getting vertical like you were right at past. You know, like C sick without the ship. You were getting a six years snorkeling without McEurus and helping you out. Well, I see his post or his name and I always start getting sick of my stomach. And that that lasted about three or four weeks and then all of a sudden it vanished real fast. I guess that too many complaints. And what what's the purpose? Is it RT-Fartsy? Oh, that the idea? No. No, it is not. It's nauseating and puke inducing and makes you sick of your stomach. See, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the, one of the pseudo intellectuals, RT-Fartsy covers up a lot as opposed to content. Give me the content. You can have the RT-Fartsy stuff. Okay. I'm not in that. I don't care about that. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, yeah. Here's a mobile info. A lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah. How you doing, Dale? Okay, sir. Same deal. I don't know whether you're aware of this enough. But it's state of Florida intent to spray a fungus over the entire state. Yes, I am to eliminate the wicked weed. Yes, I am, sir. And I just hope the people stand up because, uh, what do you, you hope that people stand up? They're not gonna stand up. They're gonna lay down like they always do. Well, you're right. And it's not a shame. I clip the article about, I don't know if I still have that here. I got it somewhere. The rest of the country's shocked and surprised by this move because it may actually kill all the tomatoes and Florida also. Yeah, we don't care about that. So this is still, this is the same state where we started with a periquan crap, which it was poisoning all the people. And serves them right. If they're gonna smoke that wicked weed, like we're doing in here right now, then they ought to die from a fungus. No, it's not fair. No, they have to die after the roasts the liquor and alcohol poisoning instead because drinking so okay. You can beat your wife, wreck your car. That's not work. Just ask those the fraternities that MIT is also drinking good for you. Well, I don't know what to say now, but I got to go because I got to light up one. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Country, let me say it again. Here's a country where we got and they had a piece on 60 minute-class. Now, which nobody is called about about the assault weapons and we'll have that assault weapons band five years ago. What a joke it is. And there's more from, uh, in fact, the gun show that Leslie Stahl was the one who started the show. Guess where it was? Right here in Miami. How do you like that? They started that segment on 60 minutes life, I've played at a gun show right here in town, which by the way, was advertising that crap here on the station on very sorry and apologize for it, but I have no control over it. To joke. So that's okay to have the only assault weapons out there, even ones with a bayonets. The bayonets ones well, that's not too crazy about that. We all have to have a weapon with a bayonet on a doughing to be safe, just to be sure. But those people are running around on the loose. The people who are selling them, the people manufacturing, and most of the people that are killing people with them, they're running around on the loose. But the evil people, the marijuana people, they're got all the jail cells in America filled up. That's why they had to let that guy out in Texas who murdered the three teenagers so we could kill all those girls again. Because they got to pre-up some real-enigiles, keep the wicked weed people in there. They're dangerous, but the murderers let them out for a while, give them a free pass. Let John Hinkley have a couple of weekend passes. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Okay, and I stock at EU too. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. Okay. There's a video. Nio, you know, has anyone called you concerning a disown news? But I don't know if you know about it. Come out. Jeff Bush is not wife. With a scam that she had in Paris, as she wasted. She said she wasted 600 dollars. Oh, wow. This is a little bit behind the times he said. And by the way, President Lincoln's head is still thriving. You said. Hello, Scott Carter. My name is Cole Amba, I'm at the top left lane. I'm from shopping in San Francisco, near Germany, away. I thought they're going to close extensive bottles in Jules. And you win the dance to duty. Tax with you. I did like that in hard to spot. And they wouldn't let me go. But I did not get a trouble. No. So I said, God, I'm going to go. Yes. I'm Jeff, no kidding. It's my turn to ask you about my nice with sexual favor. After all, my husband, Rosa, will soon be your dictator. I like to have a happy that I buy anything I need and just want to think about. I'll be just risky, sadly now you win. I get that from the song. All right, she just, she's very, very sorry though. She'd be very, very sorry. I'm not worth a kid. They think that had half past four. They're people young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the ground. She pulls up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leases and white fluffy dust. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shovels and repducing their from yesterday's art. When a girl in the middle was rubbing her eye at the fellow down by the dock. He looked like a man with a side of all home in the country with a big face out front. If he had to phone lightly, she'd show him her n't-stop at the roof of the jacquip. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy soaked a TV made of butter, skyds. And then he spread with cream all over her coat. She had left out on her shelf. If you think this is dirty, you can go to the other cell. Oh, right. Hopefully, three and five, 50WQMR. Facts machine's having a little bit of a problem here. Here's one from Chris who's right about fraternities. And it looks like Chris might add something interesting to say. But it's all distorted in here. He says there are 12 year old boys with more maturity than what goes on in their fraternities. For turn of these, and that's all I can read. So maybe he can refacts that to me, Chris, because it seems like it's kind of interesting. But I can't read it. And then here's one of his misterogers. I'm on a regular listeners. However, I'm too embarrassed to call. I have. And then it. That's you in the back. So our facts machine maybe is having a little bit of a problem. Or maybe it's on the outside. Or who knows, maybe it's a common is plot. Or maybe it's the Blair Witch Project that's got something to do with it. Or maybe it's the Chupa Cobb. You think that might be it? That could be it. Or it could be Superman. That's what Johnny Olos said. Here's the Dan and four lotter days. Who says about these sopranos. He says HBO probably bought that award for more promotion. Just like Rocky. Sort of one. So on. P.S. didn't know the idiot Jack Caseline was open today. Oh, it's open today, Dan. It's open every day. No waiting. 560, 50560, Pont 560, and a mobile one line. I think it's appropriate that when he have a sales department like we've got here that knows nothing about writing copy. That gives us absolutely nothing to work with. We should have an idiot Jack Caseline and hook it directly to the sales department's collective rectum. What I think is a good idea. They got a lot of experience talking through their ass. Here's Miramar. Hello. Miramar. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got some good news for you today. I haven't 30. Everybody around the world's going to spark one up. Yeah. And a foul and plate for us. Okay. 560, 50560, Pont. There you go, Dan, and Fort Lauderdale. As you answer, no waiting. I told you. 560, 50560, Pont 560, on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Father Neil. Yes, sir. What is wrong with this epic show today? Meaning what? I mean, just to call or pedophile. Yeah. So is that a computer just still time? Why don't you play that silence of the lamp bit? We'll kill some more time with that. It's one of these check-outs calls out of the way. And I don't know. Maybe something will turn around for us in the next hour and a half. Uh-huh. No. Is that the lamest attempt that a request that you ever heard in your life? Uh-huh. Is that was that pretty weak? Yeah. Oh, God. Hey, if you go through 20 or 30,000 calls, like I've always said, you come up with a couple of these ones. People that might actually have something interesting. I'm using provocative, anything at all. That's what we do. We do this every day. What are you talking about today, pal? Like this is something new and unusual. It works in the lotion in the basket. There you go. That should tie you over for a little while. Here's Pepper Pines. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. What's that guy's feeling about? He needs more of the worst calls of the day. Exactly, right. Here's a guy that had nothing to say at all. And what's cool now with his show? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no mature whatsoever. Right. Here's all I got. But, uh, okay, first off I want to say congratulations. That's what we come to tax and that was our time to change. Well, I was in here all last week, but now it's Monday, so I'm a bum. I think what this down is what did you do for me, Link? I don't think you're zero, which is what you know, which is like, uh, I think we're putting Daniel's rating is, but, um, anyway, uh, first off, uh, um, Yeah, exactly. But, uh, yeah, I thought you know, I'm going to move on to school. She's ecstatic that she actually is fully on a show with an audience now. I think she gets excited when we just even mention her. That's exactly it. But, uh, yeah, I just want to say, you're talking about this one about like these terminal football people and everything. Right. My gosh, I can't even turn it on. Well, I go to school in the morning. I can't even listen to that crap in the morning. I mean, I would much rather listen to anything. I mean, they're getting all bent out of shape about what happened in a scrimmage. And this one got into a brawl and this one got a little sub bent out of shape. And who gives it crap? I mean, if that's the best you can do, it's time to turn out the lights. You know what I'm saying? You get to pre-season games where we're playing against different teams. I guess they're own team. Right. I mean, really. But, uh, yeah, etiquette did post-odd to the night on that Gary's starter fight. Yeah. He gave two to one on Gary's starter. Yeah. And so, uh, well, that's why the league color was sitting down. There's this morning. No signing of Gary. So, uh, okay, uh, two two requests. Yeah. Start from what you call somebody a douchebag. Pat Rally over four miles or a big fat flaming douchebag. And number two, can we play a managed thing? Okay. Great. Love you. He said, can we play it? And say, would you play it? 560 50560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. We're pissed off and fired up today. Maybe not sure about what about those guy damn college fraternities. They're banning him starting now, by the way. This fall, when you kids go back to school, all your fraternities are going to be shut down. And we here at WQM are going to make sure that they're shut down because no more of this hazing, no more of this gazing, no more of this gay, uh, banter that goes on there. Whatever the hell that crap is going on in there running around in your underwear. Let me see. One more time, just in case you missed it the first time or you don't know, speak it in glaze. Okay. Well, a bunch of young college age guys are running around in their underwear, playing grab ass with each other. You know what that is? That's a gay club you moron. Right. And don't give me any debate on it. Okay. So if you want to start some fact fraternities, which they do have those are understand, that's one thing. But let's at least have some truth and packaging, at least put some truth in your package before you start squeezing it. What's your phony baloney, what's your overgrown, pre-adolescence, budget juveniles, or like 19 and 20 go on 12. That's the problem. Only that one kid, he's he's still 19 and two years later. He's not aging. Oh, look at what we got. It's so interesting. Yes. So that was him. It's a man. It's a love man. Yeah. It's so like this. Psychic, fire, fire, or neighborhood. We're definitely going to come to the cops. Are you attractually refrigerant? Oh, my God. And you also have to assume, I mentioned to you, my little buddy, that's a rake. And in with that crap people who call psychics and you talk about, you wonder why this guy in Atlanta went nuts and shot all these people. And you're saying, oh, there's a lot of crazy people out there. And there are people that are sent in their money to Jan and Paul Crotchk and people sent in their money to the psychic die, caught line. We're talking millions is what we're talking about. How you airing shit like this? The Mad Dog is out of control, and you'll find out why. Would you hear the latest release from Bloodbuster Entertainment? A rag. Jim Vandich, sings duet. Well, how rags? I'm around in the sea, well, it's a rag. Here's the Mad Dog. Jim Vandich, sings classic raw. Oh, rags! Jim Vandich! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! It's a rag! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! So many good, boring things. Well, rags! Well, rags! Well, rags! Well, rags! At first, Jim said he built a little bit cooler. Oh, like that. You just didn't want to. But now he said, I like it. I like it. Oh, man. Oh, man. Dog just can't piss him off. Was that cottage cheese, but? If he wants to be the same, he's got plus and rake and pasties and the cheese spraying up here. I'll do it. You got to go! And then he'll come out to go. And then he'll come out to go. And then he'll come out to go. Jim, Jim, the Mad Dog. Sing a Phil Pappy! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Oh, rags! Jim, that didn't seem to be wet. It's available now. It all blocked those. There's still other things. So what do you think? Well, 45 at 5.60, WQM, happy Monday, too. We're going to make it inspired to this crowd today. It's kind of dull. Get on like the town. Like the on beyond to this whole place. 5.670, 5.60, count five. 60 on the most prestigious. What is it this time? Mobile one one. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Okay. Let's go to a four-laterdale. Hello. Adial. How are you? Okay. So, the first thing I want to tell you is that you are the Frank Zappa of radio. Yeah. Really appreciate your show. And the other thing I want to get into is I was thinking a lot about this global warming thing that's going on right now with all those people dying in the northern part of the hemisphere and things like this. And I was thinking about how Norman Braiman was coming out so hard against that tax and things like this. And honestly, I understand that the government in Miami is very, very corrupt and this reason why the people didn't want to give them the money is because they knew they were going to steal it or spend it on something else. I don't know if something else doesn't like this. But someone like him stands the most aloof here. And if it came down to the point where the internal combustion engine had to be abolished or else we were all going to die, I don't think they would give it up. I really don't think they would because they don't have our interest at heart. What do you mean he stands to lose the most? The, like somebody facts the other day, people who buy the kinds of cards that he sells are slippers. They don't buy the metro rail with a bus. Oh, exactly. But the whole thing is, if we had a decent transit system, okay, if it came out, if the EPA, came out and someone said, okay, right now the best thing we can do for this planet is to not drive around cars with internal components. But they're not going to do that. But what, if you, if you, how many people do you see driving electric cars around today, by the way? You don't, I, you don't see that many. I understand what you're saying because I don't see any of them. Right. Because how many stations can you go and recharge your battery and your electric car? What I'm saying is, is that if it came down to the point where they said, okay, these emissions are not good. Yeah. Okay. Which, everybody already knows. Okay. We would like this, which is some kind of a math trend, which they already have great ideas for like, money. Okay. Yeah. And, you know, it's like someone like him, of course. Okay. You know, it's like someone like him, of course. Okay. You know, it's like someone like him, of course. Okay. You know, why do you keep repeating that? Because he's a card dealer. He's a paid person of the people in the town have spoken and they have said, oh, we're not going to give away. $270 million a year for the next 5000 years, so that a bunch of crooks can deal with it. Okay. No. I either deal with your thing. Okay. So, what's the point? What I think. I know, you're making me sick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Guys, actually steps up to the plate to croak to croak. That little big, eared torque ross for a roll. That was up to place. And did, did, didn't just do do do do do he did it. It's nice, well, Norman. I write a great letter of the editor in a herald to, by the way, to top it all off. And this guy's knocking him because he sells cards. You know, something I hate to break the news, T-a-ser. If Norman, Brahm, never sells another car from this day on, he's still going to not miss any meals. So, you know what I'm talking about? Uh huh. He ain't got to go hungry. He can buy and sell all of us 100 times over except for Mickey and Wayne. And by the way, I hope he sells a lot more cars than Wain's doer, if it gets my drip. Anybody still got that stock? Uh-oh. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Miel. Yes, sir. We got screwed again. Alex, being this company last Friday before they recessed for the summer. Yeah. Ordered $11.74 per motor tax on every thousand dollars you spend each year with the carry. We went to $11.003,000 for every thousand. It went up $11.74 per motor tax. It was in a little article on the Miami Hill and Saturday morning. Yeah, I'm orderly going to do that. Well, that was in Dallas because it didn't get the sales tax. I think it's on Thursday. No. Yes. Well, what do you mean yes? That's what they said in the article. But what are you talking about? That plan is history. It's dead. They're not building any metro rail. No, but they got more money just for the money. And how are they going to do with it? They're going to spend it just like they were. Okay, great. Another rocket scientist. Where do these people come from? Man, you talk about the stuff coming in over the weekend. Wow. They must have brought it in here by the truckload. Yeah, I'm on. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a call in my book. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to couple, couple calls go. Just keep working. You start out so good. But also, wink. It would just go. Yeah. I'm 16 minutes. I don't know if you. I'm 16 minutes. I'm 16 minutes. Yeah. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. They did a deal and a bayonet. I just got you talking about it. No, no, no. You go. And likely, he started out at a gun show right here in Miami. You didn't mention the parts. I don't know if you caught that. They did a bayonet after rifle. After those. That's what I just said. Oh, I'm sorry. No, I need to catch that part. I don't believe it. They actually banned the bayonet. Like we're going to walk up to you with a semi-automatic and threaten you with a bayonet at the end of this. You know, like that's the most dangerous part of the... Who's going to do it? Where do you go? Where do you say you go? You don't start by nose damn cars. Five, six, seven. We've got to do something to get that damn stock up. It keeps firing people, new president, new vice president. I'll kind of just stop the stock is still in the toilet. And you know what happens when people start losing money and stock. Five, six, seven, five, sixty in and without the bayonet. And pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. And you know, I just call on about your callers and we love to do that. I love to do one. Talk about your callers. Of course. I've never seen an audience full of more jackass. Right. I agree. I mean, you know, something almost every Monday of my life is the same way. The only people I hear from on Monday are retards. Like all of these 90% of what we've had here today. The worst cause in the history of the human race. That's right. I don't want to hear another sales tax power. I don't want to hear it. It's the motorized city for it's over with a tangent history. We want it was great. We put a stop to it. Now let's move on. I bring up 550 other goddamn things I'm talking about. And it's like I never said him. And then like two hours later, oh, by the way, you'll just see that thing on 60 minutes about the god they saw Revenge. I just got to talking about it and had no response. It's from Bokeh. It's from Bokeh. It's from Err. Anybody in Bokeh. Err. Anybody in Bokeh. Can I ask you one important thing? Yes. Have you heard that new maker read you? No. If it's a disco station. I wanted to be used to be the great sheath. I'm going to listen to what I know about you home today in between Hengster, commercial breaks. You better listen to me doing Hengshall. Somebody going in form. No. Okay. Okay. Oh, no. Oh, no. Hey. Stop. Please. This Christ. What is wrong with you people today? Like I said, the good stuff came in over the weekend. The only problem is they didn't get any. But that was the problem. And they're pissed off and fired up about it. George did. Yeah, he's in a good mood today for a change. He's feeling great. I'm not feeling well. I'm still in a good mood because I got there a lot of that jungle I was in. And they, oh man. Oh, God. And you noticed I haven't had any calls about that? Not one call about that. For many of my dark, conflicted friends in this audience. Okay. And I'm not playing the new for it. But what kind of behavior is that? What kind of route and loud ob not sure. Sfarts is that we have up there and for the that care of ban of thing in Toronto this weekend. I mean, the elevators are already overrun and hotels. It is. It's so jam packed with people. And every time you finally make it up on it, two floors. And the door would open here be another whole bunch of charges. And they would hold it to the open and start talking to each other. And high five and low five and in screaming and yelling and carrying on. And and everybody the other three of us on the elevator run. Come on already. Like, let's go. But we weren't saying it too loud. You know what I mean? Not saying it too loud. God. You know, I wish I had on tape the conversation that the cab driver and I had on my cab right yesterday morning the person in the National Airport. Wow. We have the NAACP Jesse Jackson would be down here. But you know something too bad. That kind of behavior was unfrican acceptable. And these weren't slipper. See that these were well dressed people. People aren't missing any meals. Some of them look like anti-mime and drag. But it's a kind of a kind of a kind of people believe me. A little too much watermelon. I think put some of these people right over the top. But out of control, out of fricking control. And for 30 in the lobby yesterday morning, I go around to get my cab and they're jamming. It's jamming baby for 30 in the AM. And I'm thinking about stuff. What are these people doing here? Are they just coming in there? They're just going out? Are they on the side? What are they doing here? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I just have a quick comment. Golf sucks. Yeah. And the only thing worse when you got three hours of it in prime time on ABC tonight. That's three hours of golf on ABC. I didn't prime time. One thing golf is golf on prime time. Right. It blows. Right. I'll go good day. And back to you. There's a lady who's not going to put up with it anymore. Okay. You and your damn golf balls. But this is how desperate America is come to come for entertainment now. They watch the few stuff film, the spaces of death parts once you're 100. They got burnout on that. They watched all the guy named JFK Jr. John John crap for about two and a half. They finally got burnout on that. They got to kill everybody up in Atlanta. They watched that for about four or five hours and they got burnout on that. Well, big deal. You know, happens all the time. So now we have to replace all of this with golf in prime time. Woo! I don't want to say I don't like Tiger Woods because that would make me sound like I'm a racist because I have no interest in golf to be with. I don't even know who this other guy this, what's his name? What is his name? The other golfer that he's up against tonight. Let's see. They've do ball. Do you want to know why not? It's a word association thing because he has the same name as the weather guy on CFTO and Toronto. Dave do ball. That's why no, that's what his name is. Nice going Neil. Thank you. I hope Dave do ball beat him by like 15 strokes. In fact, I hope that Tiger has a stroke. Okay. Not just because he's dark. Not just because he's, what is the, what's his other thing? Asian. Oh, I know. What is he? Is a Thai one? He's a Thai cone? That's what it was. Not because of that's because I'm sick of him. Who the hell is he making 20 and 30 million dollars because he can hit a guy then golf ball? We're talking crazy people. Got him. I impressed her one. No. No. No. No. That's what you do. Yeah. That's a lot of the. That's a lot of the two hours. Oh. Oh. I've been to theater, digital. Brock Boots and a sour ground. I love the Polish pit goes. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. Oh, right. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I love the old town. I have a lot of things in the long history of this nation. I am taking black people from Africa. They're all going back. They don't know it yet. Wouldn't that be great a great? Here's the Fort Myers hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You were talking last week about your ratings book there. Yes. Do you think do you ever get the numbers from the station over on the coast? Don't we hear the forward? No. Because we were talking about on the other day and it sounded like they were doing a lot better. Really? Yo, yeah. How come they don't share that wind formation with us? How come they don't tell us anything? They just open up a pot. They pull me on a year over there and they tell us nothing. That's that's why I'm here to fill you in. Well, what so what did we do? Well, they didn't go into exact numbers, but they were real happy. The morning guy was up. They give us some number. I don't know. Another update for you. Guess who's doing promo is on that station. Cory's saving. Yeah. And so I thought that was interesting too. That's right. I wonder how he's doing there on channel. What a reason. I haven't seen him on the TV yet, but he was doing promo. Can I ask one last favor? Yeah. Can I call somebody a douchebag? Jeff Mitchell, you are a flaming douchebag. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. At least we get some information from our caller from over there and four minors, which of course we don't have a toll free line. Or we'd have a lot of calls from over there. I'm sure. But it's so typical. This is the easily way of doing everything. It's called lock-up told you before. I've used this exact expression. Light and a vacuum. Your job is in a vacuum when you work here for this company. Everything that goes on in this show is in a vacuum. And that's primarily because number one they're in. That's the number two. We're not a sports thing. We don't wear jocks traps when we do this show. Now before I pointed out that football players, most of them don't wear jocks traps. But the guys on our station amazingly enough, the explotball players, they do. Even guys who never played the game. I don't want to mention no name. They talk about sports that kind of work with that was fun. Out of bike. 26 past one. 20000 overlions here for the last 35 minutes. It's going to be blazing, baby. It's going to be dynamite. 567560. I'm sitting back. I'm sitting so far back in the chair that I may lose contact with a microphone in the middle. Not that I want to get out of here. Fast you understand. I'm just backing away because I don't want to be associated with what's gone on here last three hours and 25 minutes for those counting. God, this has been desperate. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Man, embarrassed. Am I embarrassed by it? No. I mean, embarrassed that I work on this radio station number one. And I'm especially embarrassed that I work with this sales department, especially John Pines. He is a disaster. He may stop dreadful like a good humor man. How do you like that? Not really. Well, but in any way. I'm sure he's a victim. He's in my show. He's from Pines Show. And I'm in my show. And I'm in my show. And I'm in my show. That's the place for me. I got the brand new Nike winner. I'm ready to die. Eight boys in jail, over the rest of the guys. For don't let you with thank you. They can't be seen. Her souls will be taken by a article being. The consideration is the only thing that fathered me. You got to sit down to pee. You know I think the point is, the fact that they is the hailed lot of conical or we need to be. 131 at 5.50 WQA and 5.60705.60, So the verdict on that movie is, you know what the verdict is? Yeah. There is no verdict. Go see it yourself and waste an hour and a half. On that, what is the name of it again? The Birkenstock shoe up your ass, mystery which craft homemade amateur hour, Pukem fest. So go check it out. Here is Miami. Hello. Or can stay home watch the soprano. It was Miami. Hello. Okay and I stuck into it. Here is mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Anyhow you doing. Okay. I was listening earlier. A couple hours ago you were talking about movies and stuff and you said the mirror was overrated. You're highly yeah. Well I got a disagree with you on that. Oh, I didn't see any of them. Many names of just a few movies and tell me what you thought of them. Did you like good fellows? Yeah. Was he good in that? There was okay. He was he was the same character that he would. He always plays the same character. That's a problem with them. When he plays a Guido. Um, yeah. What about? Go ahead. What about Kate Fierre? No, not not nearly as good as the original. He was horrendous in that movie. I thought he was Robert Mitchum was 10 times better than he was from the original. What about a waken East? Then see it. This is a good movie with Robin Williams. Yeah, during we see Robin Williams was and I wouldn't go see it. No. Um, just quit. I and also, uh, my friends. That's movie of all time. The Shawshank Redemption. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. Okay. Five say I'm going to want that. No. No. Five six, seven, five, six. We got, I did. I just put Ricky Martin to sleep. What? Can you hear it was in that? He says, no, no. He just said for the best movie of all time. You can see it was in it. And of course, you noticed that nobody in this audience has seen once upon a time in America, which for my money was about the only good performance ever receiving him. He's always the same. Godfather, too. I mean, that could have been any one of a hundred different guys played that the young Vito Corleona. He was not an integral part. The important people in Godfather, were Marlon Brando, James Khan, Robert Duval, even a Klomenza, Freydon, whatever his name was. Those were the important people in a Connie. What that was your name? The Connie is a daughter of a law. What's his name's daughter, when law played the Connie? Tanya, Shire. Yeah. See, she was important. She was an integral part. Although, when Godfather, too, to be honest with it, she was like, she comes home with Freydon and you. Well, you know, something anybody comes home with Freydon and you, is there's the kick kicked out? You know what I'm saying? Huh? With a burnout washed out right here in old Freydon and you, that old fag. Get out of here, Connie, and don't come back. And don't ever give an order like that again. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, got it. Hey, let's have a look at him driving around for that. Took a day off. My wife's got some day off for driving around. So, lately I've been answering her, which last and something, I'll say. Yes. She says, where did you get that from? I asked for Neil. Yeah. Yeah. She says, no. Yeah. And I said, yes. No. And then you played the, yes. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. Well, she doesn't want to know where I got it from. She wants to hear the bit. And I said, I say, I'll call him and she maybe you'll play it for you. Yeah, maybe I will. But I listen to another question. I'll say, I'm on it. I appreciate it. Do what? I work for Bell South. I want to prove that it's a guy on my crew. It's where's up and down a straight. Yeah. But the name is Andy. Yeah. Guy is, I got my suspects because our suspicion is because, I did the other day I found that he struck. I was working with him and he had the, and his glove box a bunch of five stuff cut out. The guy's chasing his chest and chasing his legs. What do you think? Oh, I got the chances body parts. That's the fact. I can tell you that right now. Do you think you need to think he's a fact? I think so. Whoa. So I may be actually a bad man. I don't watch my backside. Okay, pal. What do you say? So anyway, speaking of Connie by the way, you remember when JP called up our good friend over there at Tony's? And you remember he called Brad the next day to apologize. You know, Brad said to him, he said, don't ever give an order like that again. That's what he said. Where are we going? That's exactly what he said. That may be not quite with a dramatic flare, but you know, Brad. Here's Miami, hello. You know, how are you today? Good sir. I went, I was a bit of fraternity when I was in college. I was so sorry. Well, I'll start by saying that the house I was in is no longer an existence. Good. That's excellent. Let's start by saying that. But I think that was the result of their responsibility. And I don't want to be a jerk, but I'm going to read you. Isn't that an oxy moron, a responsible fraternity? Well, well, I watched that clip on 60 minutes, just like I don't know. I didn't send anybody. 2020. 2020. I didn't see anybody force anyone to drink. I apologize. I didn't see it. And I don't want to wait. Wait a minute. I didn't see it because the thing wasn't on videotaped. Thank God. We didn't have to see him dying out his own puke. But the fact is, you know, as well as I did that during hazing, you have to go through these things that are going to turn you down. They give you an offer. You can't refuse. In my fraternity where I was an officer, we eliminated hazing. Yeah. I've never made something ridiculous and it still goes on. But I mean, that's individual. Why are fraternities necessary? What the point? Well, I'll give you a point. I mean, this kind of makes me a jerk. But Article 1 says Congress shall make no other. This is the same one. No, no. I'm not talking about what is there, I'm whether they're legal or not. I'm saying what? That's what you want to do. What? It's the same law that protects you and your job. It's the right to free speech. It's the right. It's the right. I'm not a response to my question. My question is, what do we need them for? Now, whether they're legal or not. What is the point? What do you need them for? When I was in school, I learned how to organize things. I learned how to be responsible. I learned how to make sure that people were responsible as an officer or the fraternity. I learned how to build floats. That's a ridiculous thing. There's a lot of things you learn. It's the same thing as the boy scouts. I mean, you know, you allow the boy scouts as another story. But I mean, you know what I understand that you can learn things and be responsible and be hanged. If you're 18, if you're 18, and you open your mouth and you swallow out. Well, I think it's the wrong. It's the operative word. Well, I just don't see it again. Let me say it again. You don't know. See, I don't know one hand. You didn't allow a hazing. And then you're turning around and saying, well, if you do it voluntarily, it's your fault. No, I mean, it's not again. When, when, why? If you drink, it's your fault. How can you blame a system? You can blame a school because they sent shit. Didn't die because he drank. He died because he was in a hazing incident. And they forced it to drink more than he or any. He wasn't even a drinker to begin with, which is what we have to eat. But if you're 18 years old, how can you blame a bunch? You shouldn't worry. You can break the news, T.S. But the drinking age isn't 18. As it chooses, okay, it was against the law. You talk about the law. You know, we tell you right now, they were breaking the law. I agree with you 95% of the time. But let me ask you this. How can you blame anyone else for your actions? How can you do that? That's not fair. You can't blame anyone else. You're also thinking, you know, the only thing about a dog chasing it, stale around in a circle. That's what you're doing. Have a wonderful life, okay? I stand by what I said. It's a waste of time. And I hope you have a nice time of your next parade. I've been it'll be a lovely float. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. 21 before 2. Oh, yeah. It's going to be the lovelyest float you ever saw in your life. Man. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh. And a tangless play with my mouth all the time I'm going to do something to help you grow the lower arm. Oh, my god. A lot of... Oh, forbid. Oh, my god. 16560WCA and 560Gs. way I'm 560, 750, 560 on the AT&T wireless loan. Anybody in the Sony is still how to make a float. Oh, huh? How about a mall? That was one of the all-time. You see, I go this year. We had a really horrendous day with these calls today. But it took over three or three and a half hours to do it. We found a guy who not only was in a good for a turn to the evening, they went out of business, but he learned to organize and make a float. Make me a mall, dude. Poof, you're a mall, dude. There you go. Poof. Yeah. Don't ever give an order like that again. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Andy, are you doing? Okay, sir. What's the bottom time in America, the long version, all you go? Yeah. What's the bottom time in the Atlantic? New York was good, too. Listen, one last thing I just wanted to ask you to do. But what's the point is, what's the bottom time in America had no ending? It just left you there and that was in an ended. Well, he went into the garbage truck, they supposedly got him like a hoffer. Yeah. Anyway, what's going to ask you? I have no idea what he was doing. He was a little slow. You can't find it anywhere. The last temptation to Christ and never put on cable, they don't have it in block brush. The only place you don't even get that. Last temptation to Christ? Yeah, probably it. It any video still does not one of the change, not a goody. Two years like John Buster. You like the fall? Yeah, he's good. I think he's good. Thank you. And back to you. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady mobile implantation, hello. Hello. Neil, float this. Neil? I'm listening. Oh, two things. One, I don't, I think DeNiro is so tired, so over, but I didn't, I didn't enjoy always say the same rule. No, except for King of Comedy, Rupert Puck, and that was good. Ben Ceebeth. That was very good. Thank God. The other thing, I went to an Ivy League University in the 70s and the sororities were banned in the 50s because the girls told him killed himself because they didn't get the right one. These prevailed to this day because they donate more money and are the future leaders of the world. But the thing that was like so aggravating about them, they had their housing right in the middle of campus. They had their private dining halls, which were on the periphery of the normal dining hall, and they treated us at financial aid students like crap. Like they'd load up their trays with not three glasses but ten glasses of chocolate milk and put cigarettes and paper and just make it so disgusting. just treat everybody else like we're in the fraternities where the best, you know, we can get away with date rape and drag it first. And of course, if the Ivy League schools, those are my favorite. Those newly Ivy League schools when they all grow up around with their nose up in the air because they're too good for everybody else. I don't want to mention that the candidates went to schools like that. Wow, I'm so normal. So normal. For instance, schools like that were the two good for everybody else. And they're a bunch of degenerates and scumbags. Well, some of us normal financial aid folks squeak through there and came out and you know, listen to Neil and, you know, a prosperous and and aren't in fraternity. And so I might even learn to make a float. Yeah, but we didn't have floats at our school. I don't know. My dad fraternity is one who's good to remember. Yeah, I think I can't spread for this all float. You've got to go to you. Okay. You've got to go to you. Okay. Okay. I'll take it easy. Bye bye. Bye bye. 560, 50, 50, 50. Why do you think they use those Greek letters, huh? We know what that's all about. Correct. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hey. Yes, sir. Hi, how you doing? Okay. Just wanted to thank you for two things. First one is, uh, wanting the audience about the Blair Witch project. Biggest piece of crap I've ever made. Sit there in the theater. The whole two hours trying to wait till I'm going to happen and the ending nothing happened. Isn't that the sudden? I had to piss the whole movie. Right. And, uh, I waited for the ending and nearly ruptured my letter and got nothing out of it. The second thing I don't know if you warned the audience about is haunting. Another big time piece of crap. And I hope that uh, people out there don't go see it. And the third thing is about fraternity is you're paying for your friends. Where's the logic in that, you know, your bigger loser, but he else. And you go around, you know. Yeah, that's very well put. Just like that sort of fact, they got Christian me. People who are joined fraternity, they're obviously big, big losers who are desperate. They look at the latch on to somebody else with their money. Or with your family. You think you're paying for your friends. Right. And you go around, you know, gloating that you're doing that. That's real smart, you know. Anyway, thanks, Neil. Good show. Okay, 600 open lines. We got 13 minutes to kill here. We're going to make it. No, hang over. Show it to you from shoelas and jim added to 600 capital and a 10 and more of this. How's the wife starts all over again tomorrow? 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. That guy before that, that's floating guy. He was one of the all-time grates, you know. Just like I said, just like a little dog chasing its tail, round and round and round and the first amendment. And I just asked a once-in-a-one question, what is the purpose of it? Pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah-pah, and he's loaded away. Here's your field, be chillin. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Yeah, I didn't throw a call that fret boy, a douche bag, because I just graduated college. My roommate was in a fraternity. Right. And he was the biggest loser in the world. He's an asshole. Oh, I couldn't believe it. Yeah. I'm like, you, sir. I want to tell you something. You show me a guy who's in a fraternity and I'll tell you. He's an asshole. Right off the bat before even meet him. He knows it so far up his head. Right, that's right. And it's just like, oh, I have more money than anybody else. I can pay for my friends and my women. And I drive better cars than the president or our university. I mean, it's disgusting. Are we impressed? Okay, pal. Thanks, glad to have you. Have a great day. Here you go. We take grave exception to all you fraternity people. Okay, we don't want to put you in your place, but nevertheless, it feels real good to do it. What you're cratching, you'd be outlawed. If you people had any goddamn balls at these universities, you'd outlawed right now. I'm off of this guy then, crap. Who the hell needs it? And as far as you of Emma's concern, all right, okay. It's 11 before 2 at 5, 60, WQM, 5, 670, 560, 5, 560, on it. See, as soon as I even hinted, I'm going to the break. 45 people hang up. They weren't even on area. That's the new deal we got here now. You thought Roosevelt had the new deal. We got the new deal. And it's not a sweet deal either. It blows.