Well, Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rhyme Portner Trial Call 567-0560 tolls, waiting for David for a ride. Or pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil his guest callers or anyone else on the shows and not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions. It's a good part of it. OK! Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM. You've been a lot of bitch! With Neil Rogers on Sports Old Radio W2AM. Now go on Algo, Algo, you have never heard or seen him before. Wow! No, you gave me your nominations to be by the present. This is some crowd. I've been watching you during that Latter-Ranon television. And if I could have your silence, I would like to demonstrate to you the Albore Dirt Room of the Latter-Ranon. Latter-Ranon. No. No. I can go much at the top of your own. I'm the Latter-Ranon. And the Latter-Ranon. My God, you in time for us on. When you are alarmed, those often in the morning. Lock the radio. When one of your children reaches for zero-ill and creeps. Lock the radio. Lock the radio. Lock the radio. Lock the radio. Lock the radio. Lock the radio. OK, Captain, I know what happened to show that we have here in the day to break up on the neurotic sports cramp because these sports nerds have no life whatsoever. Minute after ten at five, 60s, but you can't be quite away. We're delighted to have some of these people that are so stupid, so moronic that they don't realize that they have their own tax machine upstairs with their own separate number. And amazingly up, it's the same handwriting of the clock factors. That's our poll question today. Who is sicker? The chronic colors who claim to hate the shows that they're crawling in due are the chronic factors who wait to hold radio station. Like Tracy Foster, obviously a phony name. Yesterday morning we had all kinds of factors in here directed to the worst team from Tracy Foster. You guys suck. There's too many spots. Papa, papa, never going to listen again. I'll tune in on draft day. See anybody who said they'll tune in on draft day. That should tell you everything you need to know right up front. But this morning Tracy Foster, facts is to the wrong machine to arm machine. And by the way, underlight it, any facts as you want to send to the worst team, send them to was okay because we'll read them on a year. The biggest race in NASCAR this weekend. You guys are talking, have time to talk about high school recruiting without racing. Francis turns over the reins and you guys are talking about FN Columbus High. Well, maybe they like FN Columbus High. Maybe there's a lot of FN going on at Columbus High. You think you're good, maybe from what we're hearing. Try something new, boo, just like you're not going for your fourth helping to fried chicken. Oh, he is getting monsters isn't he? He really is. He's just enormous. He's a sports monster. The booster. And that was like two weeks ago, right? One about two weeks. You could imagine in the interim he might have gotten even bigger. Try talking about something new and that goes on. Same recycled bowl. What is what it says here. Six to ten football football football. Ten to two hockey hockey hockey. Two to six name drop name drop name drop. I think suggesting that Hank is a name droper. Six to nine baseball baseball tennis against gambling gambling. No changes boring radio. The only thing that changes are the spots. Sign Tracy W. Foster and by the way, big O could you do a ten minute update. I need to Sunday shut up already. So at least it's amusing. I find it really amusing and here's somebody who claims that he or she or it is never got to listen again and has got to listen every minute. Talk about the swimsuit issue. Anything new it says. First of all, how can you knock them when you listen to the callers? Well, you have two formulas for the heat. You got a formula for you. Back to you. Yeah, that's your formula. And then here's a facts from the most chronic of all the handwriting facts we've ever had. I mean, go back to the old IOD and the packs and the little scroll. You've heard me refer to it with a little scroller. And this one is also addressed to boog shambi. Anybody out there? Okay, that's our pull of question this morning. Come on, let's hear it. Who do you like better on the morning show? Guilty or the boogster? That's an excellent pull question. Come on, let's hear it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60, animal, one line. We'll see if we have any crossover at all. Who do you enjoy better on the morning show? Who uh, brightens your morning better? The boogster or guilty? Not that we want to knock yelty while it's up there with a hockey team in Ottawa. So anyway, it's just going lose a few pounds. Boogey have no respect for your elders and about Josh Friedman this and Amma. And these are like chronic facts. You know, we've got chronic facts. Is that we get all the time? Who are also factoring the morning show? You're sick. You have no lives. Isn't it great that we have people on the phone and on the facts machine? No life assholes. I think I'm going to respond to my question here this morning. Come on, let's go. That's a very pertinent question. We try to think in the case. We have no crossover whatsoever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and palm 5, 60, on a mobile line. I'll grab them. This is just a quick mini pull here. Boogey or guilty? And they're all going, who? That's a minute. This is frightening. This is truly shocking. So they're all calling thinking they can vote off the air. What do you mean they're all calling? How many calls do you need? Both of them. Q, I, M. Yeah, I. Yes. How you doing? Okay. Is this new? Yes. No, no, get the nod. Okay, thank you. Q, I, M. Where the blues? Q, I, M. Q, I, M. Yeah, I vote. Yeah, I vote. Who do you vote for? Uh, booster. Like the boars, you're what about guilty? Yeah, guilty, all right. But I like to lose that. I like what loads to better. I like what I'm alone too. And you like him? Is that the orange hair that does it? I like going low on the air. Oh, I should. Okay. Thanks. Ha ha ha. Oh, man. You people are so goddamn recalcitric. Come on, lighten up. Loosen up a little bit. I know where we are. I know what's the pressing look out to. We don't even know the weather's pretty dead. These are, but we know where we are. But loosen up a little bit. Bastards. Q, I, M. Hello. Q, I, M. Hello. Yes. Uh, go these socks, okay? Yeah. Move all the way. They can. Okay. Did he say, Here's the gaggy socks. Okay. Q, I, M. Hello? Yes, sir. I just take the big booster. You like boob? It takes gross. Okay. Q, I, M. Hello. Q, I, M. Hello. Yes. Go ahead, sir. Turn it off. What a jerk. What a jack-off you are, pal. You couldn't even spit out one word. Come on. How difficult is this? This is an easy exercise. Let's go. Christ, we got a 50 million people out there with strong opinions about this. As if we have any crossover between these shows. Do you think we do? No, I don't. Q, I, M. Hello. I, I, I, I, we need a pool. Q, I, M. Well, that was boog. Q, I, M. Hello. Go, B, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I. That was a great job there. That was a nice, please. I've gone, pal. Excellent. See, I told you you guys can do it. So let me ask you, how was it? Q, M. Hello. Foker prime blows. Oh, they're all right. I'm afraid. You see what I mean? You see what I mean? You see what I mean? You see what I mean? There are some real sick puppy stuff up there. And on the fax machine on the phone on Uranus on your back door, There are every man who just glued at no life, not even a semblance of a life. 24 hours a day. They didn't even have time for like a little nap, a mini nap. Q, I, M. Uh, food for president. Okay. Boy, boog seems to be running away with this. I sure hope for guilty sick. They're not listening upstairs. The management types. Q, I, M, hello. Show you how bad they both are. I take a river. Q, M, hello. I've been for guilty. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Calling in long distance from Ottawa. Q, M, hello. They both suck, bring back so Henry. Q, M, hello. Neil. Yeah, oh, he must have heard. Yeah, oh, yes. Neil, I vote for Boog. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much. Do we have any calls for guilty from somebody that wasn't joking? No. No. I don't want to make him insecure with that scratchy, awful, uh, p.p. Best in poor city, his but man. In fact, uh, I guess I heard then this morning tomorrow morning, that's going to be the same view because, uh, Yolese on the road with the hockey team and defoses, uh, in rehab or on vacation, whichever one you want to believe, depending on how juvenile you are. And, uh, boy, one more day, I think could be like a Lou Gerard thing, you know, while he pip all along me, you're glove, and then Lou plays 50,000 games in a row. All I don't think, uh, anybody as fat as the booster can be getting up that early in the morning, like on a regular basis, do you think so? No. Wow. Although, you know, it's getting up in the morning. When you get up and do a morning show, you can be eating cheese burgers like by 730, like we used to do on Zeta. Oh, yeah. If you're a little bit creative, you'll find, in fact, chuck from the subset of I'm sure, or if we talk to them real nice on their behalf, they'll bring them all kinds of good stuff early in the morning. We could get booed up to like, alcohol steam, uh, size in by the end of June, I would think. So so far, it's a runaway, okay? This is just like a little sidebar. Because I think it's interesting to find out whether we have number one in across over number two, uh, if the jelly is really a universally despised, as I think he might be with that voice. It's not personal. It's a personal. It's like the thing with Sam, is that personal? Yeah. Oh, by the way, congratulations for the Neorodges rating party last night. Oh, 1996 slash Neorodges rating party. This tells me everybody had a good time. The food was great. The booze was great. And that there were some decent people there, except for a couple of them, including Sam, the provokes of man who continues to be anxious and phony and full of real smelly crap. Okay. Oh, God, Neorodges. If you loved George Martin's recent farewell CD in my life, featuring famous Beatles tunes recorded by such phone depths celebrities as Jim Carrey, Robin Williams, Goldie Han and Sean Connery, you'll have similarly flip over his newest last adventure. In my life, Volume 2, the follow-up to the original CD he had no business making him the first place. Here Jack Nicholson, I am the A-man. We are the A-man. I am the wall with Jim Carrey, King Choo, and George Martin's in my life, Volume 2, also Beatrice Sherylon. Hey, I'm the builder, you're the best. All risers. All risers. I'm the, The view of taste. Easy. Well, too. You like? This is all right. This is just me. Here is your George Cooksterbass done a Matthew Chandler Perry from France with their feet. More than only people. So what are you waiting for? Pick up George Martin's in my life. Volume 2, today. After all, it's easier than flying to New York to Sputon, John Lemonsgrave. This is Tom Brocott in New York. I read the news today. Oh boy. I'll see you tonight. Why the way? He cannot speak a lick. Is he is getting worse by the minute? I was channel surfing real fast, because I never ever watched the NBC night, not really know anything. Hey, I'm going to, you can't understand the word of this man is saying. That's our poll question. Who's got the worst speech problem? Gelty, Barbara Waters or Tom Brocott? Meaning. I mean, I'm serious. He's got the quagal is getting worse and worse and worse. This guy's getting paid millions of dollars. There are a lot of people out there get upset if I would even suggest that the guy doesn't belong on the air. He's been on there for like, what? Since before Dave Gerway was a baby about 200 years. He got me. Yeah, I don't know what. Not in the air. It's getting worse and worse and worse. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to, I want to cast my vote. Yes. Get rid of Joe Rose and leave Booster and Gelty there. Booster and Gelty. So a big note or a little bit. Big note. Thank you so much. The little dog with a big head. See, they're all over the place on this. I wonder why do we have to drag him in there? Okay. He can't help but he's a dumb ex-joc. He can't help but with a thick tongue. Who just doesn't know what I'm going to get out of the show when to do the last commercial break. He's got a few little problems like that. And by the way, speaking of us since they're in the same building in right upstairs. And since they're such a big note for a bunch of it's like we were talking about coming. I think I got a one of the calls and the two guys passed the phone back. No, you talk to him. No, you talk to him. Hey, Mikey. He likes it. You know, that kind of deal. See, this is supposed to be the Macho Sports Station. All these Macho guys. Yeah, right. And I think how rules they may have had a point. That's a big clip. You moron. What a bunch of pussy's, man. I mean, here they are upstairs. These new make believe. Funny, baloney studios, the Greg Reid slap together just in time for Super Bowl weeks. We didn't have to be embarrassed and humiliated with that toilet on Sheridan Street. And they still, you know, you tell me this. I asked you every morning because I'm not going to go up there. Every morning I ask you this and you tell me to say it the same answer. No. And the question is, have they got like like a real TV up there? Like the one that Jeff Cohen brought us? No. So they have the cable. They have their DSS to direct TV. No. So in other words, here's poor Ed Caput. I vote for Goldie. That's about Boogs. It's because he don't want to get up for it. And the morning, that's the only reason for that. And I don't blame him. But at any rate, the deal is that they got nothing up there. And Ed Caput's on there. Right? That was a gambling show. How can you do any legal gambling show with no information? They got a sports bar that's got the scores from last week. That's a hell of a sports bar, baby. Some, something else. No big deal with that. So I think we're going to have to step in and fill the breach because they're much up. And these up there, just like they're audience. Maybe we'll have to beg for somebody like our friends from digital world. Sad life. Digital world. Sad life. Since we love them so much. And they put a, we've had no problem. Here's since the first day we were on the air. Because before we came on the air, we put the word out. We were begging. And here was a, here was a pun. How long did it take? The first couple of days. They were over here slapping that thing in there. Right? Yeah. Before we got an hour all together. No, no, I don't mean how long did it take to put it in. But I'm just saying in terms of getting this done. Very easy project. Oh, we take care of it. Yeah. Jeff Cohen brings us over nice TV with a built in VCR. And a guy from the digital world. Sad life comes in. Give us a DSS. They hook it up for us outside. Look at all up in here. We've been going strong for 13 and a half months with this thing. And we thank them for few. Oh, two guys upstairs. I realize Ed Kaplan doesn't have the cloud. Okay. When you're working late at night. You're like a compulsive gambler. You don't have the kind of cloud that's in the daytime people do. But some of these people are such a bunch of pussy. I would be demanding. I would just call up anywhere. I'd call up clients to be able to say, hey, slap it in and send it a bill. That's all. Get it done. I mean, this is the nuts and bolts we need to work with. And I think we're going to have to step in here. Because otherwise, Greg Reed is going to continue the slippery bullcraft. They did with us for months and months and months before we finally started on the air here. It's slippery bullcraft. It's called lying. You know, he likes to, well, you know, I have good intentions. And I thought this and I thought, but it would be, but it would, it's called lying. It's called BS in your way through life. And being as cheap as you can until somebody holds your feet to the fire and says, look, God, damn it. This is what we got to have to do a show. We got a bunch of chronic gamblers out there. They don't want to hear stuff from that five years ago. They want to know what's going on now. They want to know that's really, uh, gloss to Anaheim 65 last night in that late game. Or five, four, five, four. By the way, speaking of the last night, and if you do have, I keep begging you people, especially you sports nerds. How can you live without the small dish? I look in a schedule for last night. It looks like they're hurricane leaf scan, which is the second last game ever. It may believe gardens is not going to be on. I flip on my 365. There's the awful, uh, Tampa Bay and San Luis and 365. There's the direct TV logo is on there, which means to me that they're going to be having a, uh, TSM, the sports network telecast from Toronto. And I said, uh, holy, Mac and awe is what I said. I'm going to be hearing Joe Bowen doing a leaf game tonight. And what, and what, and what, again, even though they lost, I understand the Panther fans are unhappy with us to be lost the game, because the leaf defense stayed home last night. But what a game. Please pass. Right for the light for Shepard. Shepard. Shepard. We will turn to the set. Shepard. Oh, really, Mac and awe. He takes it in the game before the rules. So I'm going to turn to the King and that was turned aside by Curtis Leicester. Denise. That was a good time. That was pushed me into the way. There came to the side. Where the hell? That's the kind of thing. The curtain's melted. There's no one. Oh, that's the kind of stuff that's melted. That's the kind of time to get away. On 3.5 minutes to that third period last night that I thought I was going to like lose it. The most stimulating back and forth and up and down on the label that we end the only way in the world I would have seen that is with the small dish. Why you people insist on being prisoners of the cable company or being prisoners of Greg Reed upstairs? I don't get it. If you want to have a life, get yourself a small dish. Do it right now. Go out of the house. Get in your car right now. Go to a client, TV Depot. What are one of your neighborhood, everybody in their brothers got them? They come in and stall it and takes 20 minutes a half an hour to install it. And even the people in those condo commandos bugging them. If it's on their own property, they just passed the law here a couple of months ago. You can still, they can't tell you you can't have it. And then you call up, in fact you're in Starrer. We'll make the call for you. 1-800-DV, whatever packages you want. You want the basic package. You want the sports package, the hockey package, the basketball, whatever you want. And there they are. There's all the games like one after another after another. There's all the, with an unbelievable crystal clear picture. Instead of taking crap from the cable people or your rabbit ears. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call and ask you if you've seen the articles for, I had the signal about the gay Toa-Covey and the fact that Jerry's a far-law has worked again. Not only have I seen it, sir, I talked about it yesterday on the year, but got no response. I haven't in my hand right now. Settle the picture and seen Jerry fall ball. They hit him on the national news last night. And he went better beat. But he's, as new tactic is this. First of all, he did the thing with the Jews and the anti-Christ. And that didn't go over to big. So we kind of backpedal the way from that. Now he's doing this thing in his magazine. That's published up there. The National Liberty Journal. And he said, well, I don't even know what I think about teller studies. But the people that write for me, I stand by them just like any other publication would, and that's it. That's right. And this morning, I guess he was on there doing the double-pop out Kelly routine. So you know, this shirt is going to be an inappropriate all being a good one. Well, who says he's got any credibility? He's a shester. He's another religious shester. And a bigot. And a hate-monger. And how can these people continue propagating their religious empires without spreading hate? That's how they stay alive. Absolutely. Thank you very much for staying that. And God bless you, sir. And have a great life. Tinky Winky. There it is right here. You thought I was making a stop yesterday, huh? And here's even a picture of Tinky Winky with his little purple thing. He's got a little purple thing. Not as big as Tinky Winky's, but little purple antenna. Maybe that's what they're supposed to have upstairs to pick up the channels. Let's get a Tinky Winky and sit his ass on a TV set. And maybe his little purple antenna will pick up all the goddamn channels. They need all those gambling scores. The Reverend Jerry Falwell says, tell a Tinky Winky is a gay role model. He's got the voice of a boy. Yet carries a purse. He's purple, the gay pride color. Now let me just say this to you. Because I'm not one of these professional queens that like you marches in the parade and has a rainbow effect flag on them. But I thought the rainbow flag was the gay pride thing. It's like a rainbow of all the colors. Since when did purple become maybe maybe some of our queens out there can form you to get me up to date. Also, it says the antenna shaped like a triangle, which is the gay pride symbol. That I've never heard of in my life. In my life, I've never heard that the purple triangle was a gay pride symbol. Falwell contends the subtle deep pictures. See, it's another one of those plots. Not that he's paranoid, but it's another part of the homosexual agenda. They're going to convert all our youngsters into homosexuals because they're watching Tinky Winky. I think Jerry Falwell's been playing too much with Tinky Winky. That's what I think. The subtle deep pictures are intentional and the statement issued on Tuesday said, as a Christian, I feel that role modeling, the gay lifestyle is damaging to the more lives of children. role modeling, the gay lifestyle. A spokesman for it's a bit the entertainment company. It's a bit the entertainment company, which licenses the telecubbies in the US said that what Falwell's newspaper described as a person is actually Tinky Winky's magic bag bag. All right, let's squeeze your magic bag. Magic. The fact that he carries a magic bag doesn't make him gay Steve right said, it's a children show folks to think we would put in sexual and you went to a children show is kind of outlandish. The British show aimed at toddlers beginning hearing on US public TV last spring. It is now as popular as Barney, a singing dinosaur who also happens to be purple. It's happening yesterday. Sam way ahead of these bastards. What have I told you for years about these speakers? Without some kind of escape code, won't we get to the Jews next week we're back to the facts. Then it'll be the shfartier, the week after that always got to be somebody. And then of course the Y2K problem, the end is near Armageddon is coming. And let's head for the hills and send me your money. All this crap. When is the public? When education first and then get over this crap. That's right. When it doubts your own mall out, start living like in the real world instead of in the Stone Age. God. Music Music Music Heaven, blood, head and be real soul. That's really good. Making those living tasty beef balls. That's really good. They all have your hands and their hands. And they might come from Stockholm. You know that no one will cry. It came from there. God sure, a sweet thing. That comes a show. And a, a baby. The dark, the sweetest thing. Be it really good at alpha sport. Oh, a sweet thing. And be it crazy about your sport. Oh, a sweet thing. Be like, drop wild, wild, wild, wild. And stop in three feet of snow. It's in fire in world war too. Speed up your sweetness, things. Oh, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a Oh, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a. Oh, aah, b, a sweet thing. 5002 and 560. So Tracy who is a stick chronic, Frank. She said this another fact about Springback Bob was Tuesday, no, today say about Bob was Tuesday. He's an asshole who rhymes with lucid sucks. So anyway, speaking of sucks, I'm going to tell you right now. City manager, Pat, Solerner of sunrise. He's an asshole. an asshole the biggest the biggest now first of all you know since we had the macarina open and the panters of the seed and started every time there's a telecast from there or uh every kind of show highlights on ESPN they'll say oh now let's go to the national car rental center in sunrise florida and of course the people there in sunrise they kind of like demanded that this be the they want to put sunrise on the map like there's somebody under the age of a hundred what was the last time we had a call from sunrise i was thinking that this morning when i was reading this crap in a paper and in the thirteen months that we've been on this radio station you could count the number of phone calls that we've had from sunrise on a fingers of one hand and even if you had like a bad accident still have probably a couple fingers left over because there's nobody nobody under the age of a hundred and sunrise summarizes basically a place for dead people in fact when the arena is full of uh people i was going to say hockey fans but that would be a joke when the macarina is filled with a concert of panter game that lowers the demographic in sunrise at least for a few hours i mean so dramatically it's it's incalculable but now because we've got all these blue nose communities you know it's coral geobals was first and then coral springs and a lot of others a plantation of course famous for it or you can't have a satellite dish you can't do this you can't do that and then paper pines did the same thing but at least on the same page in a hero world has the big article in the picture here about stricter sunrise sign code protested there's to the left of that it says pembroke pines city will listen to businesses on signs pembroke pines it leaves is given air to business owners unhappy with the citizen sign ordinance so at least they're going to listen to them instead of threatening them and saying if you don't like it here leave town go out of business go broke patch the learner i want to tell you and whoever else is conspiring with you in the city of sunrise you are the biggest bunch of assholes i have ever run into in my life and thank god that i don't have anything into any business in sunrise beer neon is gone and merchants who don't like that are any other provision in the city's new sign law in sunrise should leave sunrise to a boisterous business god was told a disweeks commission meeting city manager patciler no even asshole shot down business owners comments against the new sign law to the night he told them they can easily leave when they're leases in but that residents are here to stay and is there a nicer looking town is that incredible how about if we have an ordinance that all the old parts have to move out of sunrise that'll make it a nice looking and smelling town and will sure make driving through and around it a hell of a lot easier see sunrise is um if you look on a map like a real map sunrise like just around here in there like by me if i go up there and sunrise boulevard and go west like one block now i'm in sunrise i live in plantation in the acres so but on the other side of the street on sunrise that's built plantation but on the north side like where the arena is where the esograis mills mallet that sunrise so kind of like juts and creeps and sticks and it's all over the place but if you drive like you know if you go north of where i am to go like up knob hill or you go up open a to open park boulevard and the deeper you get into sunrise the all over and more impossible it becomes because there are all these people all these old parts in their jukenoo's driving around in the three lanes at a time going 50 miles under the speed limit who have no business of being on a road and they're not concerned about that spetzalernos is neon is godly and girish see i don't know about you i like neon i like neon signs i think they're i think they're sharp they're pretty and they stand out i say god bless whoever invented neon he says even the traditional neon open signs are banned unless they're under a non-transparent covered what it whatever that means uh and what that means if they're not under a non-transparent cover how they'll get anybody's him neon has its place he said exposed neon's place is in red light districts aha now we're getting to it when you know something pat evidently you never leave sunrise because the only red light district that i'm not ever seen Berlin if you others but the only red light district that's really famous that i've ever been in is one umst to them and are there any neon signs there no but the only neon lights that he thinks belong in a red light district somewhere where there's hanky panky going on like the old farts in the sunrise i'm gonna be like going out lining up in the stores because i think there's hookers waiting inside use the project to show pictures of sunrise business fronts with neon signs paint or paper flyers tacked all over the windows this is blight and this is visual blight and it's the type of blood the commission is working to rectify for ten years he's certainly told the audience which at times broke into the shouts against the ordinance the merchants had spoken out to commission meeting to oppose a six month old law that'll be in force with warning starting today enforcement the exposed neon band starts in august and there's a picture of these sun sent no stir the another the hairls story the marris red reggae she's the co-owner of one price cleaners on west open park full of art and it shows the fun of restore and there's nothing wrong with it but she won't be allowed to keep her big signs in her shop window under a strict ordinance and there's also a neon sign that says beepers all over that's got to go to the marris this kind of craft these kind of blue noses this is what southward is all about a lot of it's like the condo command mentality people that have no lives so let me stick let me be a big shot okay let me stick my nose into your business let me go and open up your mail let me just see if your car is parked exactly where it ought to be in the right way let me see if you're wiped your rectum this morning in the right spot exactly the way the log requires this is bullcrab just like that guy to call me a state says oh well this is America this is the land of the free and I just the oh yeah this is the land of millions of little dictators little dictators i bet you've had to learn how to like a butterfly i bet that's seriously i bet he's got seriously because obviously he's got an ego problem got a boss all the people around and of course when you're in a when a community or city whatever the hell they call it a place like sunrise at place that's basically a bastion of death he's paned ring to the dead old people that are his constituents the ones that vote not to the living and breathing people have a business that are trying to make a goddamn living up there let me say it again pet you're an asshole and anybody else that's sides with it are in sunrise is a major flaming asshole and shame on you shame on you hardworking people and invest all of their money and all their time and their energy and building a business and got to learn those it's a hard get with all the competition out there it's a hard damn thing to do and then some jackass like this comes along arbitrarily and decides oh well you can't do this and you can and somebody's best is by the way we'll be leaving to the water going out of business the mayor is by the way was pictures in heralds as if I take the signs done I'm gonna lose my business this will affect all the businesses in the city of sunrise but don't confuse pat cellar know what this is for you yeah in the slow they're you got you process I can go and do it except for the sun. There are pots of you that will never stand. Nothing throws under your shine can't you? If a no piss with sun, don't wait. Go again. We can't see that you're much widening. Let us know when it's stopped for me. That's why I would come up with a 5.50 WFM. Look at all the fast people this clown wasted. The new invention allows humans to live forever. Oh, you're young. Eternal life foot braces. Oh, this must be like the magnetic insults for your shoes. See how to make the eternal life devices. Patent pending here. Lower blood pressure, cholesterol, the energetic. Have a much lighter wall. It loose some weight back there. Unbelievable. A kind of chicaneary and quackery. You know something to that we didn't think of it. Somebody's going to make a lot of money. No matter what kind of bullcraft of the bigger piece of crap like these infomercials. How many times do I pull you? Like Ron Popeio with those things that cost them the nickel and for only 72 easy payments of 39.95 they can be yours. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah. Why don't you take a poll? Who's more annoying? Go over your bokeh Brian. The brown areas back again, George. Your buddies back again. What is his number again this guy that the bokeh Brian guy? Oh, the inside bokeh guy? Yeah. Because that's his second call this morning. Anybody should know that we don't do two calls in one day. Three or five. 305 80806 93. 888. Oh, six 93. So if you want to those people that likes the bokeh Brian or maybe you agree with this guy by bokeh Brian he'd probably like to talk to you because we shouldn't want to talk to him. He's wasting our time. What is the number again? 505. 888. 888. Oh, six 93. Huh. And 80. I think there's a tool for you numbers in it. Okay. We have an open line and date with that jackass just hung up 5. 7.0. 50 and 5. 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I enjoyed watching Katie Kirk. Grill Jerry for a while. I didn't see him. She realized that this guy probably never saw the telly to be so she asked and did you ever watch the telly to be? No. And he says, I've seen the telly to be and I don't watch it and I'm sure you don't. And she replied back. I watch it all the time. So there you go. Did you see the kennel club show last night? No. I was watching the maple leaves in her carolinalized and I'm watching a kennel to get a life pal. Tell me you'll win you have something new to say. The same guy get with a guy named dog show with a kennel club. Jesus Christ. Man. The fact machine loaded with the same direct the phone loaded with the same direct. Let's get some new living and breathing people on here. Okay. 5. 6705. 60 and pound five. 60 on the mobile one line. It's enough to make you want to puke all over your shoes. I mean, my shoes aren't right now. Sitting here with my titsies on this little thing on the floor or whatever this what you call this thing. But rest on a foot thing. Here's my me be pillow. Hey, don't forget about sunrise at the business letter and can be no larger than four inches. Yeah. You know, where I work. Pat Saluna got in. Exactly. If we're worked at if our business level or our science had to be four inches or what should we would be out of business within two months. Yeah. But you were talking about the gase flag and the sending order from the top. It's red or yellow green blue purple and some people put on a little white land of thing on there. Uh-huh. And what are I just get to saying about chronic colors? What are I just get to saying? Well, he moments ago. And here we are with again again. Again. Again. Again. Just like Fred O.S. said when he was sitting on the curb there and the guy father after Don Corley only got shot with five. Four. And he was rocking back and forth. So I was like, you know, I'm going to be a little bit scared for saving with his head in his hand. Again. Again. Because he was useless, you know, Fred O. Not dumb like some people say he's smart, not dumb. Jesus Christ. Here's a mobile and cool person. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. All right. One word for sunrise. Yes. Morrison's cafeteria. That's what they need out here. Yeah. They sure they don't have like one on every street corner. They don't really need out there as a funeral home. I mean, you're into it. They got plenty of those. But any other poll? That's like if I'm in on death road, do they want the electric chair or a boiling the brain? Yeah. I'll take poison gas. I'll take a booster. Okay. There you go. All right. And have a great day. Oh, thank God. A different voice there. We have an open line at Broward 5 6705. I mean, sir, if I wanted to talk to the same eight people everybody, we just went to hall of the guy name hall today in the same to juice. I'm sure Greg Reed would love to do that. Save all the electricity for four hours. Who wants me to somehow got to spots on or pretend to be got to spots on? Man. Get with it. Here's a mobile and less Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. First thing. I can clearly hear you. You got me a hold on. You know, something we've been talking about this for weeks and it just isn't going to change. I'm not even getting ready to par. Well, now is not important. What's important is when you run a hole. And I'm not even getting ready to do any departments. Got too many other fish to fry. We're probably taking at least five minutes to adjust that. I was about to turn the radio on and I wouldn't be able to hear you and time again. You said, well, here we are. But anyway, I'm listening. I think you really got a problem here. I'm like you. I'm doing no harm kind of guy. I don't really care what you do. Just don't bother me and don't harm me and my children. My problem is, is my daughter watches the tell what's up. She got all the tapes for favors, cheeky, weinky. Well, I'm probably going to be a lesbian then. Yeah, I know. And last Halloween of course, that's what she dressed up as. And I don't know where to go with this thing. Now, my son's eight months old and he's watching it too. Yeah. I just don't know what. This thick, this kind of jury profile. Bagwell, Parkwell. You know, how can you even say that when like you were saying he's never watched or whatever. But they don't even show anything sexual in the show. They don't even show anything. You don't even know at the time of seeing this is. That's it. That's what I don't understand. Everything in everything is subliminal. Don't you understand that sir? Everything is like a, it's a communist plot. It's a fag plot. I mean, when you're dealing with delusionary paranoid, less like cottage people like Jerry Falwell, who are met con artists. This is what they think this is what the best they can come up with. You know, he's making himself these last two weeks into the laughing stock. Not that anybody with a brain took him seriously for years since. I don't know. Me time is now the laughing stock of the universe. We'll, when the show is over. I don't know who he's going to sleep with, whether it's po or whoever. Yeah, but the thing is, they don't even show anything sexual. When the letters three years old, this guy is sure. I don't think, you know, I don't want to talk about it. That's going to be next week, pal. I would monitor that show very closely. It's going to be next week. They're going to be rubbing their antenna together. We have an open line of day one and a broad five six seven five sixty, Tom five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I get a request. Same as your quest. One note, if you can play some of the cars, they announce her for the penguins when they score a goal. No. Here's a mobile info, Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Just a quick commentary on that. My name is, yes. On, what's going on, my mom lives here in the states for 35 years until she moved to Europe. And she's over here now. She heard this stuff with Jerry Falwell yesterday. My cousins in Copenhagen, you know, their kids watch the telly-tubber studies and watching them for years. And she's crying. She's going, what has happened to this country? That's the American fucking wing. Right. Yeah. She goes. It's absolutely incredible. She's. Well, you know, there's a letter. There's a letter to the editor speaking of Denmark from somebody from Denmark. This morning, you need to do the hero to the son's settle about the monica gate penis gate business and about all the people in Denmark and most of the rest of the civilized world are in shock that this crap can be going on and to make it a big deal out of this and wasting all these millions of dollars on it. The world is just the, they don't know whether the laugh or cry. Right. They're absolutely dumbfounded. It's unbelievable that it continues. Anyway, I got to go back to work and let's live and go least. Okay. I'll have a great thing. We have an open line of day one in Broward. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Last game ever made believe gardens this Saturday night. You kind of a black coughs and the least early start. Six 30. The other special telecast six o'clock. Which I'm sure will be on a small dish. I'm positive of that. But that was some bonus last night. TSN on a small dish. A little bit of Carolina game unbelievable. And I'm probably the only person in this entire allosau flora who's seen it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, New. Yes, sir. You're a very sexy man. What is this? You're very sexy man. Yeah. Uh-huh. And also, we think of what those Carolina team. Do you think the fans will catch up with them? Do I think who's going to catch up with them? The Appetition. We'll find out. There's a great hockey call for you. Do I think Carolina team? Do I think the Panthers are going to catch up with them? Call up a later on. Okay. Call up tonight. They'll be making sports programs on the occasions. They'll be giving the odds and the biggest, the, whatever they call that. Open line of day five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. See, I know this comes to a great shock to you people. Sports talk is boring. Okay. I know that comes to the great revelation. It's boring. They're talking about, you know, the kid with a great arm at, uh, Piper high and they're talking about the odds and now they're going to cover and what's the number on this game. I'm going to tell you something man. It's it's ponderous. It is so tedious. Well, what's the formula to think the heat need? Which formula to think the, you know, something if those were the worst problems that we had in the world, if those were the things that really all we had to occupy our mind with was that crap. Wouldn't that be fantastic? They're trying to put in people out of business and sunrise. They're putting business people working people out of business and sunrise because they don't like their neon or their cardboard signs inside the window. That's the American fucking way. That's part of the problem of this repressive god damn backwards society that doesn't know where that's got their priorities upside down. That worships a god damn bunch of freaks. You know, last there, I'm from the channel surfing yesterday afternoon. Here's MSNBC and now we know where they're going now that the, because they're all showing in the tile because after tomorrow, I guess it's going probably be tomorrow morning. In fact, they were going to originally have it five o'clock tonight, but because these speeches are going on is a chance to make drag over tomorrow. And we'll have it like right live here on a year. The actual vote. As if we don't already know the outcome. So now they're moving on to Mike Tyson. And they got some illiterate dark-complpted box around here screaming at this prosecutor from Maryland, carrying on like a lunatic. And they've got, I'm sure you wouldn't know. You've maybe you've never heard the name. The word sugar writes for the boxing magazine letter. Here's one of these old time. Looks like a throwback like 50 years ago, okay. With the big hat and the glasses he's a silly person and his whole life is boxing. And he's never met a boxer who he didn't glorify glamor. See the gutsy sports people like co-sone years ago, they had the guts to say that boxing was barbaric and rotests. Even the guy like co-selle, he got famous because of his coverage of boxing and his association with Muhammad Ali. And despite of that he had the guts before he croaked to say, it's barbaric and it's got to stop and so much a crap. If you could just see this man, Bert Schürger would tell you everything you need to know about the sports nerds. Just to look at him, forget about what he had to say. Bert Schürger. I was never getting like a diabetic overdose just watching his push on there. A silly, silly person defending the indefensible. Forget about the fact that he was on probation from Indiana and violated his probation which he may get more. Just forget about that, okay. They're picking on him because he's my Tyson. They got his attorney on there. Another Jew attorney defending him of course. Which I was embarrassed by. Can beat that gator meat. Are you in search of a high paying temporary job? But sick of the rules and regulations that govern the civilized business world? Perhaps you should join the other thugs at the Latrals Freewell temporary service. At the Latrals Freewell temporary service, you'll be trained in the fine art of employer work and relationships by Mr. Springwell and Sel. The safety is in some big pack packet. Aigts is due to send a thanks ball. You just smile. Rift the machine out to the wall. Tell them you will too. You'll also be schooled in Mr. Springwell's revolutionary computer technique. That's someone Aigts is you if you know how to use with this. You reply. I sure say, I know how to throw you dumb ass out of wood. And best of all, the Latrals Freewell temporary service teaches all its employees. Mr. Springwell's time-tested salary negotiation method. What you get your hands running next? You guy, concentration. It's the best time to see things go white. Oh! Employees at the Latrals Freewell temporary service can make as much as $17.3 million every two years with five months off to run people off the road that's elected. Oh hey, wait, just get my towel. Kill you! The Latrals Freewell temporary service. Call today and when do his boxing career start by the way? It's 11.02 at 5.60 QM. We went into the break every line on the board was lit and I said to him, Plank, Plank, it was like playing Plank a lot of prices right. Watch him go out. Two open lines and day two and groward 5.6705.60 pound five. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Hallendale. Hello. Lady in Hallendale. Hello. Yes, man. I'm a child to tell you how much that I enjoy your radio station. Uh-huh. Well my boy for any lessons to all the time. It seems that no matter when I try to turn a channel, it always ends up back to you. You must be doing something right. Yeah. Why do you try to change the channel? A lot of my time to channel because I'm usually kicking the kitchen so I don't have to hear any big ones. Right? What does that mean? Well so, see my boyfriend and I want to ask him to marry me. Would it be in the stake if he could turn off your radio station? No, I think it would be in the stake if he said he would marry me. I think that would be the mistake of bad mistake. We have an open line in date, all three and braward 5.6705. And look at that all three and braward. We look at that totally. We're not going to get calls from sunrise or on this issue here. Because there are no people on the page of 100. We have no listeners and sunrise. But he wants to make sunrise the city beautiful. They're worried about how it looks about trying to put people out of business there. That's what I'm pissed off about. I don't expect that any of these people are going to be calling me. Why now should they? They're all over the 200 years old. It's a death place. But don't tell that to city manager, Pat Solar. In fact, maybe we can make a Mexican or a Mexican or a match. Should get married him off to sunny Rosenberg from Helen. I'm not sure. Sounds like a good match to me. We're talking crazy people is what we're talking about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I think I'm going my baby. Yeah. I think I'm going my baby. Yeah. How are you doing there? Okay. Last time I called you, I'm going to wait a trip to Italy. And I told me where to go, Florence, Rome, etc. And I had a great time since we were there. Now we're going to France. Why? I'm not. I know. I know you feel well. I've never been there. I've got to check it out. Go to Paris and I'm sweating on how that is. All you leave to the countryside or something. I've never gone to Holland and I was looking up a hotel called the Waste in the hotel. I don't know if you stay there you heard it. Never heard of it. Winston tastes good like hotel. We'll have a great time. We can't call us on our next travel log. We have two open lines today. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Let me. Here's a cross-bring. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hi. And you're there? Let me. Yeah. Oh, me off. Yes. Want to quit a little patience, sir. I have. I'm sorry. You're not calling me. First off, when you're on your first flight. When you're on your first flight. First off, when you're a full question. Anything that is in your life. You're better than guilty. Except you may be Chris Junohu. Okay. And second thing. I did learn once enough for you show. I finally learned why I'm the Senate. They even bother taking votes when the Democrats put in, you know, an amendment or anything that they want past, but the Republicans will never pass. I finally realized why they even put a tool vote. And that's because they put the motion in the basket. Have a good day, Neil. Open line and day one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump out. Now keep in mind he interrupted his very busy at work day over there, whatever he was talking about with up there in crow screens. He interrupted that. I guess they're probably making munitions up there or something like that. Oh, come on a phone and share that with us. Thank you very much, sir. Here's Volker. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. The bottom line for all of this stuff is. Brow and watch stuff. All the Tyson stuff with that virtue from a boxing stand. I'm ashamed to say. And everybody's out to put a fucking air pocket including our representatives in Washington. They're all about money. The guy who has all the power is the guy who gets all the money. I looked at the show all the time when I liked it. I'm not about to keep the pieces. I don't have any material. Okay. That's obvious. Okay. So, I'm going to start 5.6705. 60 and pump 5. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I think this is the week they ran out of material. Every week when I think that maybe they just completely went out. Then we had like a little lull for a few days. And then all of a sudden like, I don't really make a big comeback for like five minutes. Six cases of tie Floyd reported by the way public, don't panic how the officials say, how do you like that? In Miami date counties they call it. Why did they do that? Another example of how stupid it is down here. Miami date county. Does anybody with a brain call it? Miami date county? Oh, of course not. State county. I don't care what they call it. It's like Chicago Cook County. Right? Like Detroit Wayne County. Same kind of things. And concept. Stupid. Stupid idiotic. Now I read this in both papers this morning. I'm a little bit confused. I was asking George about it. It's a very delicate subject. It says tie Floyd is an infection of the intestines. And sometimes the bloodstream caused by salmonella bacteria. How is it spread? By eating food or drinking liquids contaminated by the stool of an infected person. Eating food or drinking liquids contaminated by the stool of an infected person. I don't want to get to graphic about that. But I'm asking myself, how do you eat foods or drink liquids that are contaminated by the of another person? I mean, do we have an epidemic of people in your lunch now? Is that it in your soda? Oh, sorry. Huh? Sure. So I don't get that. I mean, maybe is it possible we might have a little bit of a sanitation problem somewhere in date county? Uh-huh. That's what I want to sing a lot in parts of town. Symptoms, fever is high as 103 or 104 for longer than two or three days. The teague, weakness, stomach pains, headache, loss of appetite. Flat rose colored spots on the chest of abdomen. A dry cough, constipation. And rarely, diarrhea. If you have the symptoms, see a doctor immediately. And then check your, I would redo my diet as well as I think I would do. I mean, even after I got cured, if I had time for it, I probably rethink what I would be putting in my mouth from here on in. Because let me say it again, if it's spread by eating food or drinking liquids, contaminated by the stool of an infected person. Now, maybe they're not talking about that kind of stool. Maybe they're talking about like the one you sit on like in a bar. Huh? Because they, they're the old thing about picking up germs on a toilet seat. And we have these people. If that, if that doesn't bug the hell out of me, you go into a public toilet and there's some Jack ass has taken a whole bunch of either toilet paper or tissue and put it on the seat. Cause he's so paranoid. And then instead of like throwing it down there before he flushes and getting rid of it, he leaves it there. Right? Do you want to have to posky around with somebody's tissue that either stuck on a seat, especially after he picks his rectum off it and doodles on out of there? No. Hey, asshole. It's not the grass-有點's in the grass- by- to get what's the notion in the basket? We'd be rubbing on by Brown here. What's the notion in the basket? I have to try to keep my shit so, okay, let's not notice it in the basket. I said, I switched my TV and my legs, I said, Oh, I like to pass around this way, oh, he's so the notion is quite a too bad. Oh, me? I want you to look for like the wolf or my name is Paparol Bill. It's not the notion in the basket, it makes it more busier. It works the notion in the basket. I owe it my TV, it works the notion in the basket. Oh, much does it work the notion in the basket. I got my skin so people are like, I'm not sure if you can get that. 11.15 is 5.60. I don't want to get too graphic with this time for a thing. Let me just read one paragraph. I find a little bit just concerning about it. Maybe one of the reasons that a lot of us don't live in a day, a disease more commonly seen in developing nations. Isn't that a great term? In other words, in scumbag places. Typhoid, most often spreads your food or liquids contaminated with bacteria. Sicken's about 10 people here in Dave County, the bug back is a souvenir from globe trotting. As if maybe they got the trots. However, none of the people sticking with the illness in the past month had been out of the country recently. So if they had been out of the country recently in these occurred world nations, then they must have gotten it right here. Right in Miami, Dave County. Huh? Speaking of third world nations. Wow, anybody at about there's a, I mean, it's not there are only six cases so far. And they say, don't panic. But you better watch what kind of, you're reading these days, okay? Eat only good. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, I saw LNTIL for the first time in my life last night on court TV. How deep pressing. Ah, it looks exactly like Pinocchio. Yeah. With all the makeup you hit on. What was Alice doing on there? Lady television television course, Bonnett's talk show host. We're talking with Johnny Cochran about this, that and the other concerning the port proceedings, because the president. And Johnny Cochran, what is he got to do with it? Yeah, that's a show on question. I know that. Yeah, I was saying. I thought he was busy. I'm worried about what's his name now about, Tony Martin. Oh, yeah, for sure. I wouldn't know who that is. Well, I just wanted to throw something out for you. He's using all of your colloquialisms, all of your Yiddish and your symbol with family. Alice Correntello is still even out there in LA using all of my stick. I don't know. Were you aware that he was using your stick? Where do you think he started? Who do you think unfortunately put him on here at WDF? I don't know. I have to ask where to put him on here 20 years ago. I know. I know. I have to listen both of you for that period. But anyhow, it's kind of really strange coming out of his mouth. Coming out of a little wap like him. Especially on court TV, they were probably going, well, thanks for the good news, sir. And give your best to Alice. Oh, God, 2DFoodie Alice is out of again. We have an open line of date, 560, 560, 560, 560. All the great talent that's come out of this market over the years. All the great big gigantic talent like Phil Henry and Phil Henry and Phil Henry. I'm talking about around the rest of the country now. Phil Henry. And here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Did you mention Phil Henry? Oh, yeah, Phil Henry. Yeah, he's pretty good. Are you sure positive? Listen, I'm a board member of the Summer Shimmer Conmer. I'm a board member of the Summer Shimmer Conmer. I'm a board member of the Summer Shimmer Conmer. I'm a board member of the Summer Shimmer Conmer. I'm talking about four inch signs. Yeah. Each owner of the business in sunrise was male in their water bill, a little note of the cage. Oh, yeah, it says that in the story, but of course, nobody in their right mind reads the phrase. No, I think in with your water bill, they hide it and they're knowing that nobody's going to read it. Right, they talk to them. They notify people of the board of the meetings, the commission meetings. Of course, nobody's going to go to that either. Right. So now, well, yeah, they advertise it in the newspaper, which of course nobody will read those notices either. Nobody cares about that. They sent out letters to each business owner. And they cost them to. So now, that is, Greg, when we're figuring out that they're going to have to find it's about every business in sunrise on university drives. So they're going to have to come up with something else. Right. It's great publicity for each business. If I was the business owner and somebody came to my door and said, you got to change your sign. I'd be on the phone with the Harold in the other video. Right. So, I say that everybody in sunrise ought to go over and patronize the, what is this? It's a dry cleaning place. patronize one price cleaners. 89.25 West Oakland Park Boulevard. There you go. That's how you started out. This does going to get more publicity. It's going to be worth that fine that he's going to get every day. And then I can find him at the end anyway. Okay, right. If we need to complain to go to the meeting this time and let everybody know that. Yeah. Well, do you know where you know where Pat's alert on about that foreign cheese don't you? Have a great day. Look. You know, he didn't want any signs bigger than his. So anyway, oh, Maris, we're a de Maris. Whatever your name is, we heard we're on your side. She looks like a nice upstanding lady. Never saw a freight train dry cleaning. Men's work shirts laundry. In fact, I'm telling you what everybody in sunrise. They want to free plug on a show. Just drop me a note or a facts or a letter or something. Anybody that's gotten me on. I love neon signs. Anybody that's like neon signs is a moron. What's I'm not talking about, you know, big, glitzzy like those Vegas. They're going to be garrish. I mean, I'm a dummy in Vegas. You like that because it's part of the ambiance here. I can understand that. Although quite frankly, not really. I like big garrish neon signs. What's wrong with that? That's an A. Especially in a dumpy place like sunrise with all the dead people. How about the neon signs and sunrise lakes? Those old farts don't even even even notice them. They're all walking around with their dark dark sunglasses on. Driving their big continentals in the Cadillac. They're big zoo canoes. All of their sunrise lakes pull a bar. Everything in sight. Let's patronize one price cleaners. 8925 West Open Park, full of our go in there and say, Hey, we love you. Demers were on your side and say, just FNA to you. And especially just say the F-part to a pat saloon of the city manager and sunrise, a jackass and idiot. Two open lines in date, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's sunrise again. Hello. How are you? I'm a live in sunrise. And I agree with everything you say in. Yeah. And the thing is, I live off of sunrise, off of university drive. Oh, I'm good to meet it to get to work. I live off, two of the places I work are off sunrise, or university drive. And one of them I can walk to the third one I can walk to. The thing is, if every merchant and sunrise refuses to pay to find or refuse to take down their sign, what we're going to do. And then, look at all the revenue they're going to lose from licenses. And taxes, the salary's guys lease sunrise. They're their, their students themselves in the foot. If they are forced, they're never refused to do anything. Yeah. And leave everything in the way it is. What sunrise is going to do? They're going to kick everybody out. What are they going to do at the start of the sunrise, there's no neon on the sunrise, there's no neon on the sunrise, there's tons of neon on the sunrise, absolutely. And there's going to be more when they open that new, the new section. Yeah. You know, Walgreens, right on the Sunset's DIP and University has little sign in the window, there's open 24 hours. Take that down, see if Walgreens complains about that. Walgreens, there's, right on the, like, mushroom. Right, every street corner, there's a Walgreens or an echo, you're both. Right. And you don't think they're big enough to exercise a little influence on the, have a little palettes, that'll tell paths to learn the stick it. Absolutely. And they should. Right. Twice. Right. Okay. Good luck soon. There you go. He lives in sunrise, which we apologize to him for that by the way. I'm sorry. Because once you get, you know, there's that demarcation line uploaded this many times before, where you get, as you're going north on university, you get to sunrise Boulevard. And once you get north of sunrise Boulevard, the average age increases triple. The average age goes from, like, 40 to 120. Immediately, as soon as you hit that spot, there's that fun rockers on one side and a gas station on it as, and as soon as you get north of that intersection at sunrise and university, you can hear, oh, we've reverberating all, are just rolled on your window. Oh, here. You can smell it. Two open lines in day, five, six, seven, five, six, and pump five, six, on the AT&T line. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, you know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wasn't in Fort Lauderdale, Broward County, but I'm all the way out here in Plantation Broward now. Why don't they just call it banana boat county. They're on there. I mean, that's two words. She's out of fire. Um, I had a statement regarding your, your gambling situation. You've talked about that, Kaplan a lot. Yeah. Well, I don't know. It's not like a gambling show. Is a gambling show. No. I like a gambling show. It is strictly, positively only a gambling show. If you happen to be a fan of visitors in the squads, don't have a, you'll still find the squars out, but that's not what it's intended for. Yeah, I have my five ten dollar best. That's my idea of gambling. I'll stay small time like that. But, um, one thing I was wondering is, what about all the stock you have? All that is illegalized gambling. Yeah. I couldn't agree more, but like you said, legalized gambling. Legalized. When in the vat, it's legal also. We're, we're not in Nevada. Okay. So it's bugging out here. That the overwhelming majority of people who listen to the station for odds aren't making their bets on those cruise ships that go three miles outside the limit and bet can't listen. I'm not a goodie to choose. I'm all for gambling. I love gambling. It's a good time. Okay. But, but, but, but to go on a year and have gambling shows promoting illegal gambling. It's like the newspapers putting the odds on and then slap it as in the face and telling us, oh, well, well, most of the people who are sports fans and don't even bet they care about the points spread. I mean, that's the dumbest and most stupid idiotic thing. Yeah, that's true. I know. Nobody who's a sports fan stays up until 2.30 in a morning to find out if Philadelphia beat the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, Anaheim last night. They, you know, get up the next morning. They turn on their sports channel or CNN or RISPN. And they see this score. They're likely a few people like that. Yes. They're likely to be the people like that. If they're more than just a people like that, this radio station would have been off the year long time ago. We've been playing Hungarian the Zirka's the rest of the day. All right. Let's talk about something else. Um, uh, college sports. Okay. You always talk about, you know, if you're a fan of college sports. As you say, it's for amateur people. It's for the students body who go to that particular college or a competing school. Or it's for us for alumni to have a passing interest in. But people who are like obsessed with it, who are like adults. Yes, they have no life to array their juvenile. But I mean, the reason why I like college football, much better than pro football. Yeah. I watch, I watch these younger people out there playing the hearts out. And instead of being contaminated by these millions of dollars. Like, I don't know that. That's why they leave at the, you know, at the end of their second or third year and they go to the draft. And then like Edger and James, that's right. Cause he'd be going to make a lot of money. They're not contaminated by the sur. You're living in a, a, a self-dollusionary state. Right. College athletes. They don't get tainted by a fight. Okay. We have two opera lines in Broward one in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's. Got it. Great. No. No. No. No. No. No. Where I'm doing is going to be nice. tracking you move. Village down. Sounds like it's raising up. attacks. You know. There is paper. Uh-huh. A very little crow. Excuse me. You know, some just kids from along with the cathode. No. I do have a mother, I do have colonel in here. I want you all all for tonight. I do not want to see your smile. Because I love it and it's already time. Well, I'm too worried. It's not behind you. Who will love it and it's already time. I love it and it's in. I'm pretty wonderful. I'm a pretty wonderful 60Wman. How do you think how many college athletes you think will be playing whatever sport they're playing? If they didn't want to be corrupted by the big money or professional sports, you think there'd be any? No. 3 or 4? So anyway, somebody facts. I almost forgot about this. This is too good. Do we let slide so to speak? Somebody facts me a great bit. This is from the morning show on WBAM FM in Chicago where they play a game called Mate match. And what they do is the DJ on the air. He opens up the phone line and some Jack asked calls in. And he asked them when the last time was they had sex with their wife or girlfriend or whatever. And then they called up the wife or girl. It's like they have the dating game. They're asking whatever they call it. Dating game. So anyway, a guy named Brian calls in and they asked him the whole song of the dance about when the last time he had with his wife. Who's named his Sarah? And he says eight o'clock this morning. And her mother was visiting. But she was in the shower. They had sex at clock this morning. How long did the last about ten minutes? And he says, OK, the last question. The winner, if you win the contest, if he matches his answers, you get a all-aspects page. Try to get a Disney World. C okay, where did you have this sex this morning on the kitchen table? Is it a Brian's answer? Okay. Now that DJ calls up Sarah, get to her on the phone. Tells her what it's all about. I'm going to try to get that Disney World all expenses paid if he match Brian's answers. And the DJ says, all right, when did you have sex last Sarah? Sarah says, oh god Brian this morning before Brian went to work. DJ says, what time? Sarah says about eight o'clock. I think it's a sound effect. Think it in your right. DJ, very good. Next question. it last. Sarah, 12 15 minutes. B. J. That's close enough. We'll give it to you. Next question. The last question. This is a third and deciding question if they're going to win the trip to Disney World. Where did you do it? Sarah yells out, oh my God, Brian, you didn't tell him that, did you? Brian says, just tell him, honey. B. J. What's bothering you so much, Sarah? Sarah says, well, it's just that my mom is vacationing with a sand. She saw. Sarah says, Brian, no, no, I didn't think she saw. Okay, ease up there. Just you just messing around with your head. You're answer. You're a Lord. I can't believe you told him this. Come on, honey. It's for a trip to Florida. Let's go. We haven't got all day. Where did you do it? Sarah's answer. Keep in mind, Brian's answer was on the kitchen table. Sarah's answer in the answer. And just what? They got the trip. Sarah, for Sarah's ride. Okay. But I thought that was appropriate after Love Dugi style. I was nice going there. Sarah, what health? At least you gave him an honest answer. Back home, damn near Killed him. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Neil, yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Good. I'm fellow plant Asian acres, residents. Yes, sir. We're pretty close to sunrise. I hope I don't see Bobard Os. Yeah, they're contagious. I think, hey, I had a shameless request because I have some friends from out of town saying I'm like, I think I played Dick and Fiders for me. Okay. I'd really appreciate it. I will do it, sir. You guys. Thanks, Neil. See you in sunrise. See you. Okay. Watch out for Neil and Dion. He's going to be hanging around. I guess they could kick his ass out of there. Two of you have it comes back. Neil and Dion. There's another great role model for you. We have an open line of days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why will we stop? We got Hank Goldberg at two. I guess upstairs in the studio today without no TV set without no direct TV. And then we got the six o'clock tonight because Boog worked this morning. We got the Josh and Jason going to be doing a Kitty Esports slot from 67. 7 o'clock. We got the pregame path is at Ottawa tonight. A gigantic game, a humongous game. Panthers at Ottawa. You hear it tonight or just watch it on TV. Here's sunrise. Hello. sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, my name is Mike. I'm the owner of Quaint Faders in Quarplated, run university drive. Yes, sir. And I got a message for Pat Solano and his little Nazi cover. Yes. We're not taking our signs down. All right. Nice going Mike. They can do it. They can close it down. Whatever will battle it in court. Sir, we're on your side. I'm issue. I'll tell you that. What we will join in fight, scream, horror, yell, do anything. We'll have Houdou del Zavapak. Well, the reason we moved to sunrise seven years ago was the fact that we could put signs in a window because we were initially looking to call, springs and they wouldn't allow it. But we opened our business in sunrise. We've been here for seven years. This is the same city that forces us to buy two occupational licenses every year for the same thing. And we're just not going to do it. They can, you know, I don't have any harm, but I do have a professionally stencil window. Right. And, you know, with the elderly people, especially my business, that's about businesses, that's how the we do. Right. They can't see the start signs. That's right. You got a big big sign. That's right. Good point. And, you know, we've been publishing the community for seven years, paying taxes and we're not going to be forced to change our ways. Excellent. And if they want to close this down, they can close this down or we'll fight it in court. Okay. Good luck, Mike. Okay. Thanks, Bill. See how do you like that? We're doing it, baby. Fighting the fascist up there in sunrise. I am not. I'm not. I'm not. You're likely story, Pat, so I'll learn how you and your cohorts. Shame on you. Oh, the signs can't be bigger than four inches. The letters. Yeah. And this guy makes a good point. Those old people in the sunrise. It's got to be a lot bigger than four inches from the see it. I was taking a Lincoln Poppin O Park last week and it was an old coger at the year you're in a list to me. And I said, you see this? And he said, no. Under four inches. We have an open line and date one and a Howard five six seven oh five six and five five six the on the 18. Well, it was a little survey. I was doing because I knew it being psychic. I knew we were going to be deeply into this. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. Just a quick quick thought. Why the universe revolves around you. You know, the big sex survey that came at yesterday. Yeah. They said no response on it all by the way, none. They said something that you've been saying forever. The American people are like the 13 year olds. All they ever do is think about sex that they never talk about it because they're afraid to just like a 13 year old kid. We would find out so much more about our sex lives a little bit more open and out of all. Baby, because they're something because they've been brought up with his puritanical ideas and this business of its dirty everything sexual everything about the genitalia is dirty sex is dirty your penis is dirty or vagina's dirty. I mean, this is crap. It's total crap embarrassing. I got to change yours real quick. I know your big hockey fan group with the maple. Yes, sir. I am peeing my pants right now reading about Harold Ballard. They have the 10 most infamous moments in the maple. We've got in history. You know, he asked Roger Nielsen to stick a paper bag on his head because he had fired him during midseason. Didn't have a guy to replace him and he said Roger, listen, you got to help him. Yeah, you got to come back. He said, he said, do me a favor. Put the paper bag on because everybody will be known. You want to know who the new head coach is and then you'll take the bag off. Roger that. That's Harold Ballard. You know something that Roger's case. He would have looked better. We're going to make him take them. Because, you know, he's a real ladies man. I understand. Harold was. No, no, no, no. Roger, that's what I'm reading. Yeah. What I heard when we were told when rumors said that, I sell out of my team. Was that incredible? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Listen, last thing. What is there was a real ladies man? By the way, not the not any more, not too good now. I'll tell you something. Hotious, more history than baseball basketball football put together. That's right. We're so excited to find a lease came on last night on the small disc. They had all the even after the game was over there. Another half hour and all the stuff. In fact, tonight, if you got to big this, anybody's seven o'clock on CBC, especially on the last game in Italy, gardens come out Saturday. It sits here that he took the gun dolla and dismembered it and threw it in a trash bin base. Where he had a burnt. I believe it. And that's false to show it was so outweighed that he called Clarence Campbell to say, You got to tell us, got to stop it. They even think that the banners that were hanging up in the in the rafters that he gave the painters to use his dropcloth so they can paint over. Yeah. That's very good. Got a freak. Okay. Thanks. Don't have a great thing. We have an open line of day, five, six, seven, see that there. Watch that game last night. Here's Maple Leaf Gardens, which still looks pretty good after all these 68 years. And it's got all that class and all that character in that history. And then you go to the macarina, which is brand new and the shiny and all the problems that we've talked about. Nobody cares about. And it's I'm picking this last night. Nobody there. If that place is there for a hundred years, it will never ever have any character in any class and he atmosphere. That's all history. That's all history because they've taken it away from the people in this story that there's not even the ability for it to create that. Because there's different people in there all the time. Because it's a big, expensive corporate to and by the way. You know, I'm an interesting. How about only how about inside the macarina? How about on the windows there? How about a big neon signs that I got with a shovel on that turf and area? Huge neon signs, huh? You think Wayne's gonna sit still for that? No. Don't take any bullshit on there. Hey, hey, hey, oh, Spike. And you know what, when I'm driving them root, I'm W on a hop summer day. Me and the list is always stop-addictions. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything from fruit to vegetables, homemade pies, but there is nothing like their signer. Hey, that rat, honey. Dickens signer. Yes, sir. Why, even though we were late in Richard last Sunday, she had to have a little Dickens signer. She says the ring of the black. Even mom ministers, this is black and Joe is a little Dickens signer now and then. Hey, why don't you bring some home and I'll protect your plastic rib bottle. That way, you don't stay fresh. Or, you can let sit a while and have some hard Dickens signer. It's good, it works. Good and dinner. And there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens signer. Dickens fruit state. Just a fruit nine W and cut through road six to nine. Open 24 hours. Because I have to read. She's a summer night. I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot Dickens signer. It's all 46 to 5. 60 WCM at the risk of repeating something I said yesterday, but I'll do it anyway. I'm an anyone who saw this story. This is because I've got it in my hand in the story too. This fallwell story with this teletov. Because it's got a picture of a tinky winky. The Reverend Jerry Falwell says teletov. Tinky winky is a gay, roll model. Anybody who would see that somebody a public figure would make this statement for public consumption or would endorse a statement written in his newspaper is National Liberty Journal. And then defend it. Would say time for the rubber coats. Time for the white guys. I'd like to light the white guys. You're the dark guys. Usually it's dark guys, you know. I can cool who's next member that why is that? Let's have big black guys there to restrain all those out of control white folks. Here's having a chair right. Hello. Hello, ma'am. Yes sir. I know. Wait for that guy. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. What do you call me accent? How long you work on that? Open line of day one and a broad word. Five, six, seven. There's so many pathetic sad people out there. Thank God. We've got these shows. Give them an outlet. I'm serious. We're doing a tremendous public service. You don't realize. You're even going to scratch the surface of it. What a enormous public service we do for these bastards. We're going to have a pathetic no-lives low lives. We're waiting for an eternity. We just sit there holding it. And then they're on for like three seconds. And that's their three seconds of fame. Why? You're gone in. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Sure got me. Well, I don't even know if I'm going to be able to come back in here tomorrow. I'll give it a shot. Open line and broad word. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. The pound five, six, the only 18-tea wireless line. Sure told. Haven't seen her too. Here's water. Hello. It's not a right. Oh, the way of the old people was climbing in there. Like give me the whistle. Okay, like I said to open line. You couldn't even hear him. That was the best part. He's doing his stick and he can't even hear it. And he's in water here. Like he's got some claim to fame. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only slice to another. There's one white guy in water here. That's good. Just to be a token, I guess. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes. I am. New, how are you? Okay. You know, why don't you talk about some hot, daily topics like, you know, some sex or some, you know. Yeah. Why don't you talk about this? I mean, I want to talk about it. I want to talk about it. So you're obviously, again, you're another one of these people I've been talking about for two days. Now, we'll listen to the show, but for whatever reason we haven't figured out yet. But you're not happy. You're not happy with what we're talking about. You're talking about the show. What are you talking about? What would you like to talk about, sir? You talk about politics. You talk about sports. Why don't you talk about some hot, daily topics? Like what? Like what would you like to talk about? Like sometimes I'm like a month ago you were talking about, you know, sex, had with us is panic. Or sex. Or why don't you talk about what about sex? Sex, what? Sex, what? Sex, topics, about sex. Such as what? Are you under sex? Do you not get many of that? That's a problem. You turn on your radio to hear about sex. No, I'm in that. That's not the case. I just want to make your show a little bit more interest. Oh, you want, well, I guess what? Here's a way to get a show. You don't know what I'm going to call it again. That's the way to do it. Long we head. We have an open line of date. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 and 5 6. He wanted to make it a little more interest to you. No. Terminal. And in fact, I'm going to tell you the guy that was making gutterable sounds from Waterhill. He was great compared to your call. Right? Here's a crawl spring, fellow. Yeah, I knew. Like we need help. Like I said, like all of a sudden this week, I've said a search party out to find help because we're dying over here. That are ratings party for this station. Based on my ratings and I need help from this laundry. I go ahead sir. Hi, Neil. I'm in call Springs. A lot of time listener and listen to you at home and I was a fan of your team. You showed him. Sorry to get over here. Yeah, I was the reading. I said college for that. Yeah, I'm just calling about the center as issue. My partner just called and I have a story in the center. I call coin traders and. I'm just called in. Yeah, yeah, I'm calling as I heard him on the air. And we have to say that I think it's a joke. It's a scam. That that pulling this if people want to live in a city like Carl Springs and make it that way. I just moved the call Springs. I mean, why are they trying to turn every average city like so. I said to sudden that's that is not average city would be a major compliment. I would think, you know, I mean, I realize they geriatric paradise. It's like an outdoor funeral parlor. I agree with you. I just have one thing to say about pets learner in the words of the hammer. You're a jag off. He's an asshole. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's a last call for coin traders. By the way, okay. They're teaming up just a little bit. But like I said, preplugs ready, buddy and sunrise. It's got your knee on signs and your other signs that they're pissed off about because I'm pissed off. Even though I don't live in sunrise, I'm pretty damn close. Open line in date one in Broward. 560 50 50 60 pump 50 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Here's higher. Hello. Yes, sir. This is outrageous about Jerry father. I'll talk about Pinkley, Winkley and all this crap. Yeah. I believe that if you remember quite about two years ago, he was talking about the same thing about Bernie. You were saying that Bernie was a representation of the devil. And he was supposed to be representing some type of devil's red. I didn't think he was purple. I thought it was a part of the red. Yeah, I was a big joke. I thought it was beat red. This is outrageous. I believe that that is going to the point that he's saying that it's sending in the windows to turn three or two and three euros. Yeah. This is outrageous. I mean, I'm 56 years old and in a fact, and I didn't realize that a purple triangle had anything to be in a fact. Of course. And what is the purple? I have to do with any data. The purple is for royalty. Yeah. And now a purple is automatically. Wait, wait till he hears that record by Shabwelli, that purple people eat a man. That's going to put him right over to you. That's what they're going to come to the butterfly net. Have a great day, sir. God bless you. We have it open line in date. Yeah, I didn't know nothing about no purple triangles. Huh? Purple is the color of the, uh, Fag. It's the, uh, almost sexual agenda is it's a purple thing, okay? Just pound it till it's purple, baby. Yeah, I mean, I'll just tell you how he knows keeps getting just like bubble. We're doing back in August 17th. There's no keeps getting bigger and longer and bigger and bigger. They're having another, uh, grab ass meeting here next door and, uh, Lee cut was off his head. That's getting a little bit louder and a little bit louder. Wouldn't you think now that everybody else has gone basically from down here? Wouldn't you think that they've gone? Wouldn't you think that they find like some plate like down like I said weeks ago? Kid carries office, wait on the end of the hall. We can't hear nothing that's going on in there. So he's not in there anymore. I don't know. You're missing my point. I'm saying, why can't they go down there? Take their wears down there, move the desks, move furniture? No, no, maybe move some chairs would be alright. Don't have to actually move the hour day. See, that's the other thing I'm trying to figure out. Are they actually building, constructing new offices for them upstairs? They must be because obviously the whole concept of this is knowing what a cheap past company this is. They certainly don't want to pay any longer than they have to for the office based on who on a second floor. So we'll be up there in no time in our marginal new studios. On by the way, refrigerator Bob was here yesterday. Was astonished in how small these rooms are. Couldn't believe it. It could get smaller because on TV, I mean, you know, that visual, TV always pays tricks with the, you know, that TV is nothing but a visual trick anyway. Because it made to look bigger in the police, you know, they're looking here at the marginal equipment and the size of these two rooms. And he said, oh my God. Wow. Can't get over it. Yeah, they're getting a little lost back there. That won't let start. We have an open line in date, five, six, seven, over. And I see they shut up real quick when I do that. But why are they in there? But why are they in there? But both they, how many times did we repeat the same stupid thing over and over again? The walls here are like paper, Michelle. They're paper thin. They're like onion skin, like foreskin. That thin. And so if they want to hold their meat, let them hold it down a hallway. Out there in that middle room, there where there's nothing in there. But a bunch of old, uh, douche, whatever that crap is in there. Here's a mobile info, a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Would it be nice to have purple rain for Jerry foul. Oh, my purple rain. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. A dead guy, by the way, was absolutely right about Barney. I had forgotten about that. So I think what is it with this guy? He's crazyer than a bed bug. And the people who are his disciples are crazy. And a bed bug. Well, it's like that hockest poke is old black magic. And those are the people that give their money. The reason I called and let us not forget, this is the same guy that condemned Orlando to fire and Brimstone a couple of years back. Remember, uh, you said Orlando was going to be destroyed by floods and tornadoes because it's similar. That was Pat Robertson. I thought this was foul. No, no, that was Pat Robertson. Another crazy bastard. Oh, God. There is a brother's an arm. I think you don't know. I'm picking on Orlando. I'm good. I've got a four year old boy. He could care less than tell of W's. Yeah. Yeah. Well, if he's dead, if he comes home, starts carrying a little purple person. No, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay. Yeah, see, see. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We have an open line of data. Okay, everybody's a bag. It okay, just for the benefit of Jerry fall well. We're all baggage. George is a bag. I'm a bag. Greg, read is a bag. Everybody in the world is a bag. Okay, except Jerry fall well. And who the hell would want to touch him anyway? Maniacs. We're talking crazy, crazy people. Just like this. Why two kids. It's a good thing these are all things. They're all coming up. They're all popping up. The same week. Oh, the end times are coming. We better go out there and stock up on our toilet paper and our bottom of the water and our can goods. Even though it's only for more the 11. Just once. Just once in my life. I'd like to spend like about six months. In a place with sane people. Which means definitely not in this country. See, I really blew it when I had that opportunity. My seven months paid vacation. If I would have been smart. If I would have been smart. I would have made arrangements. People like, you know, forward me. I bills. Taking my check and account forward me. The checks. And just not come back here at all for those seven months. And if my mother would have had a problem with that, you know, taking care of the dogs for that long. A period of that mouth. Those two words keep coming back in nursing home. Keep popping into my mind. Oh, and on what it is, I wake up three in the morning and bend that. Look around on those two words keep coming at nursing home. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. I'm screaming that I'd wear back then next time. And I thought of my job thinking that still cool. Only like I thought of my job thinking that still cool. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. Only like I thought of my career. Now, come on again. Until I saw this really life watch my career. You want to see the no longer girl. You, when no black女. I don't get so afraid of that then. You don't have to hear the names on my perfectly four complete death I want to give a very strong apology to all our right wing friends out there. My sympathy not apology but my deepest sympathies because what are they going to do now like after a five o'clock this afternoon or for an happens tomorrow morning and they take the vote which we already know is going to be probably on both counts both the allegations no. Then what are they going to do? See somebody faxed me and owed here saying well the best way to silence the fall walls and bakers these people is for the media to ignore them wrong. Absolutely wrong. No the fact in fact this should have been on the front page. What incenses me is that it's on the fourth page and little tiny article because the oughta be dragged out of the closet and shown for the answers that they really are. I mean we're we're talking crazy people exploiting other folks because they're terrified of death because they're terrified of the gammel and the boogey man's out of the bed. That's right. The devil made you do it. Just like Mike Tyson says you are who is? Oh you're jean Robinson. I get them all confused you know after why? They all be kind of like blending into each other so to speak. You jean yeah the devil got in my head. Maybe that's why there was all that pressure in there huh? Score scored. Here's a mobile informe or cello. I know. Customs about Reverend Jerry. You may I don't know but you may have something in mind with this purple triangle thing that he screwed off historically which is that the same way the Nazis made the Jews were yellow stars. Homestead of the word or gay people in pink triangles. They're not exactly purple so I don't even know if he knows that but if he if he does he's got it wrong. You know. The other thing is I just wonder if the word gay would offend him if we were to invite him the florida so he could gay cock and off in y'all. Okay okay and have a great day. Thank you very much. Chuck Chuck from the sub center just brought my meatballs and cheese and onions. My aunt can lunch. Which I thank him for feudsley for. Dave County's dead which we already with already knew that. Well, I wanted to run and make sure to check there because they don't want to get that typhoid. That story is astonishing to me. Again right so right in the middle of my lunch just showed up here it would be a bad time to get back into that story again. Great. Man am I looking forward to this. I like the cool cuts that that the chef's salad whatever you called it. That was very good all. I think too many onions yesterday. Too many real hot spicy onions. Wow. For every hot. Huh? They were very hot. Yeah they were very much. I love onions. I'm a big onion man but that was extremely okay. Open line and brown and all three in date. Are we going to go back to this again today? Yeah. Looks like it. 567.0560. Pond 560 on a mobile one line as the search for colors continues. The search is especially for new colors. Who might actually have something to say. Even if they don't have anything to say. How about a search for new factors also? I mean it's just so ponders talk about stale and old man. That's the deal in this town. Stale and really. Oh. Oh. 560. 560. Pond 560 on the mobile one line. The facts number by the way. If you want a factor in your new factor. Facts is anything. No matter how ridiculous it is. 305. 650. Oh. 190. But would that be a breath of pressure instead of these same? I mean you think that the colors you hear the repetitive voices not just on this show but are all the shows. It's always been that way for years. But the facts machine just spews out the same on ending sea of never-ending crap from the same people. The same half doesn't people basically. Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello. I need to. Okay sir. I need to. How do you think you're going to adjust for the injury to match the right time? Why do you throw your asking me to be a wise guy? No. I'm not interested. We don't talk about the he on this show. Is it a sports talk? No, it's not. This is not sports talk. Of course not. Is it a laundry show? Which you already knew that? Yeah, yeah, right. Like we story. I didn't know that. What a jackass. Open line in the Broward 2 and date 567. See what I'm saying about the sports colors? I'm serious man. They're even on our worst days. Like yesterday, which was right in the running for all time. On the worst days, there's nothing that we hear that's more pathetic than these sports calls. How do you think? I don't know. I'm an even if I were interested in it. Which I'm not. How do I know how they're going to do? What was the point of talking about it? Sit there and grab yourself. Okay. I even feel good. But you're a bit more productive. I think I got a call before. Do I think the panthers are going to catch Carolina? How do I know? I know. If I knew that, I'd be on a cap of gambling show. I'd be plunging my brains out. Stitagon all the sudden because the damn dowels up 80 points or whatever it is. How's the market doing? Let's call up Rick Rally and see how the market is doing. Now is up 71 million as they're up 63. All in an Allen Greenspan with a big nose. He's not going to try to say something good Allen. He must have because it's going up for change. Thank God. Everybody go out and buy stocks. Okay. I'll give you a list. I need the money. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hey. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Here are fouls. Listen to a point. I mean, doesn't he realize that he should focus on like barbing in can. Those two dolls would have him a premarital sex for 20 years. Yeah, they're doing it right. And just just for the year lines light up. Aren't you giving away like 23 tickets for the next Panthers game? No. Never played a big foul. Okay. Little life. Open line and day one and broder. Oh, this is good. I'm sticking with my meat balls and shoes. Oh, she sends me about 15 pounds of it. It's great. And you see, I love you. You're the best. But not quite so heavy next time. Okay. Like I said, there's about 30 pounds of it here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 1. There is. You know, it's having up to kill a horse this amount here. I mean, kill on us with kind is don't overdo it. So we'd have especially in my case. I'm still a whole poor. He's side. A little bit. I'd like to move Shambi with a little on the poor. He said, that's one thing about working in this place I never realized with all the other problems they got here. Makes me feel almost skinny. Yeah, you're about average. That that's right. In fact, I'm lately. I'm like almost under average as far as my rotundabies concerned because we got lots and lots and then when we saw the beast mice, they're what do you call him the the freak? What is his nickname? The beast? The beast. Yeah. The will the beast? Man, oh man, he's just a monster in the industry. Where would they find all this fat? And then when they brought you a fire in here, oh, by the way, there's John Pena. Thanks for the old sale copy, John. This John Pena's well, what a comedian he is. It's high fops and stuff from a year ago and put it on a new sheet with new date on it. You're not full on May, John. It's a good guy, but he's a sales hole. So he's just a little crap. This is an out. This is unbelievable. This is old, swell. I could recite this verbatim from whatever page you copied or off of. Well, at least it's only four minutes long. Thank you. Thanks, honey. There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do with home. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a deep deep deep. When nothing's compared to the marvellous feeling of making butterflies stick to the ceiling, smoking in the bathroom, making out in the home or hitting the fat kid with a speeding dodgeball. Yeah, I remember that. That's the old favorite one with a fire alarm. Roll up the toilet with a cherry bomb. Dice the frog in biology class. Find yourself a nerd and winching in there. But you'll be a hit in chemistry. When you make the class of that chameleon, please start a food ride to milk out your nose or when you're going to school, what anything goes to stay in school, go out on your own. There's a whole lot of stuff you just can't do with. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a deep deep deep. Search all around, but you won't see a seat in the boat with a deep deep deep deep. Prop 15 with 560WQ. I'm maybe it's just me. Maybe it's only me and George because George is the anti-sports guy anyway. He doesn't like sports. Hate sports. Watching. I understand. Okay, that's what we're talking about. But I bought my life in a pretty big sports fan, but the dialogue, if I and I use that term loosely, the dialogue that I hear, these idiotic stupid, idiotic repetitive calls over and over again from the same 150 or 200 people. Well, what are your thoughts on? What do you think Pat Riley can do? Would that hear? Probably. What do you think Jimmy really is thinking about? Very, very sad. It's not to make me cry really. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Don't you think that every cross bigger than a pickup cross should have one of these house-my-griving times in the back because I'll tell you. I was head of self-duty on 95 this morning and it was pouring rain. I couldn't see a darn thing. I was doing 55 and the big old truck passes me about 80 miles an hour and this is about waiting out. I mean that'll be a log attack. That's one thing. Another thing is is it true that you little goverment interest in the month of present? Is it true that he's what? He's going to run for president with the... Okay, they have an open line in day one in Broward. 560 and 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Here's my mebe, Chelo. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay sir. I was reading an article a couple of months ago about North Miami ordinances and I was about a dairy queen and I passed a dairy queen to Amillate F. Are you over there? I know two dairy queens. What's that? Yeah. No, no, I'm not a queen. I'm a king. Hey, I'm pretty sure anyways. They were saying how you need to say that they wanted him to take down that cone and he was a saying, well look, I know it's a dairy queen and people think I'm a national chain but I own this story. You know it's a franchise story. You know? And he said, I'm going to lose my shirt. He said, and I mean he was very he went over like how and you really can't see it unless it had that cone out in front of it. Yeah. Yeah. They had to take down the cone because you can't have a sign over, I think it was like three feet or something and I just thought it would be. Next I'll be trying to make and get rid of the cone and pizza law. Well, I thought I thought it was absolutely ridiculous because you really it would blend right. You couldn't see this place. And let me just tell you this, all of this crap. I mean, I can understand if somebody wants to put up some gross test monstrosity, especially in a residential neighborhood, but why should anybody care as long the things are attractive as long as they look neat as long as they're interesting. What difference does it make? I agree and it's not like it's like I've told you a million times before. This is the land of people who have nothing else to do so they have to run around, try to make everybody's life as miserable as possible, trying to impress this with what big shots they are. Well, I agree. So I guess some naked pictures out there saying, oh, we saw smuck here and I mean, that I don't care. Right. You know, but you should they should be able to do what they want, but you got an ice cream cone and they're like well, it's over three feet. You said that's how people know that we're here and I agree and I just don't think it's there. And you know, one other thing? Yes, sir. Same with your question. How much thing? All right. What is it? 560 W. A. Two a.m. school broadcasting? I work on it. All right. Thanks. Have a great day. I'll think about it. That's our other poll question today. By the way, which comedy bits of the audience destroyed by requesting them over and over like a gun should be good for example? And like Jack into box in the bridge tender and young Neil and Ross to do, to install. Oh, well, that's ancient. They even forgot about that. We're going to make a list in the check it four or five hundred times as he used the naughty and nice because a lot of these things are very, very funny, but somebody's mad at all my in laws on my town and they did well. Good. Have a great time. Okay. Open line of date 5 670 560 Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Here's my any, hello. My any. On time first time. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to comment about the show here. Two thousand listening. He had George on. Correct. For a half an hour. Yeah. What's up with that? What's up with what? I need to work. How long have you been with you? What does that mean? The guy does not know how to put do a show. Yeah. And that's your opinion. If you're working with you 95% of the other people seem to be I heard most of it go to the doctor. I thought he did just find it and bother me. Oh, it's not like the mother's brothers. Meaning what? Or so in other words, there was a half an hour that George did a the show. Okay, that you didn't let had to turn a dial. Yeah. And what about it? That's just I think, you know, it's awful. No, no, sir. Let's say it again. Sir, let me, let me say it to you again. If you had to turn the dial and you did something else for 25 minutes or whatever, actually, what if you took the spots out for like 20 minutes? What difference does it make? Is that going to disturb me? The third of my day. It disturbed your day. Well, all right. Let's hear how. As whole. What a jackass. See, this is what we got out there. You just served his day that he had to turn the dial. He's chronic too. No, he's just he's he's he wouldn't even dignify him. I call him a cry. He's just he's an asshole. Exactly. Just your ordinary pedestrian asshole. Not clever. Not creative. Not amusing. That interesting boring. Your boring sir. And the only sad part about the thing on, because I heard it go to the doctor is that George was talking about the thing with a swing clubs up there in Broward. Nobody would talk to him about that either. You had like what? Maybe one call about that? Nobody on the air. Sure. Yeah. Got all those calls off the air because they didn't want here. They're all about it. But I mean, just in general, you see all the people that sit out there all you phone is just like with his penis gay thing. When are you going to stop with this balloon? You already passing judgment. I can just hear it now. All the most couples that are going up there and then there are swing clubs. There are a bunch of purverts. Why? Nobody's forcing them. Nobody's dragging anybody in off the street. If that's their thing. If that's their bag. What the hell difference is it make? They're all adults. They're pant ago in there. Why should the government or any other grandstander be concerned about what they're doing in there? Like Ken Jenny who's a major major piece of crap. Here's a mobile in the cables. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know how you doing with that? Okay. Neil, you know the city of sunrise. So, funny. You're hot. The terrible. You know, you got to, can you laugh the amount of corruption that they participated in in the, how's your amount of doing by the way? You had no. When they built sawgrass mall, you know, it is a Paul the people. And the other thing is, can you imagine trying to start America today with the rules that we have? Everybody walking around with this. You don't have to pull it right. Right. That's right. Well, I think the government last night. He probably his horse probably was dropping two big bombs on a, on a cobblestone. Yeah. I mean, he gets to a point where it's absolutely ridiculous anymore. And finally, Neil, I don't know what's in the air, but somebody's called us. I don't have to be in your position. Have a great day, sir. Any. The remuneration is well worth it. We have an open line of day one in Broward, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. They'd see it like for that other asshole. And of course, that was all contrived anyway. But like I've always told you, you don't like this show. Don't call me to tell me about it. Just find something else to do. You don't like when George fills in. Fine. When he fills in like when I go on vacation very soon. Then find something else that doesn't terrify me in the least bit. And not one of those people like I've always told you, if somebody else is on here, I'll promote them on any station in the market. When Rickard says, went to mornings, I'm the one that promoted them. That's the only promotion they got. When Brooke, the battling Brooke, when she went on in the afternoon, they brought her back. I'm the one that promoted that bitch. Okay. And I don't operate from paranoia. We've been doing just fine here for a very long time. And I have no reason to believe that we don't. That we don't. That we want, I don't know. I'm off this whole of food like I said. Because right now I'm concentrating on lunch. No, seriously, that doesn't bother me. Like like for each, just stopping thinking of the logic of this, for each complaint that we got out there about while they didn't like this, that I said or they didn't like George beat on this day. If we're going to change your programming gear to everybody out there, they'll never please anybody. Yeah, that's it. Let's have everybody call in. They'll be programmed director. Well, should we talk about this? No, no, no, no, not that either. In fact, we can just spend four hours every day talking about this stuff. We shouldn't be talking about like that. Horny Laundry had the coat earlier today. It wants me to talk about sex. What's there to talk about? Quite frankly, talking about it is the American F. And if I'm doing it, that's more interesting. Talking about it is boring. People that aren't getting any, those are the ones that talk about it. Lot like kids in locker rooms. They talk about it. They're not getting any. The ones that talk about it the most, they're the ones that are the most desperate. So anyway, here's my, my, my, my, my, my, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I think I got was a jerk, man. Yeah, and George does a pretty good show. Yeah. I've heard some of the shows that he's got. He does fine, okay. And I'm the one that's got to decide on it. And he does just fine. And if I'm happy, then everybody else on it. If they don't like it, then I have to listen to it. Yeah, I've heard some of the shows he's done. And they're not that, I mean, he's my ego. Yeah. There a lot of, like what I wanted to say was, I think Jerry Fallwell is Satan. Starting to think he's the anti-cred. Yeah, okay. Thank you. We have two open lines in date. Five, six, seven. How come the specs in this town are got nothing to say about anything? I mean, well, why seriously, why don't they have anything to say? I mean, we know they got not a cone. That we got two very definitive, a very good one yesterday. Very infetit, not a cone. We'd like the emphasis there on the last syllable. Not a cone. But other than that, they got nothing to say. And by the way, there's some of the worst offenders on these sports shows where they're stupid, stupid, any other calls about the heat. Jesus Christ. What is wrong with you, people are supporting a bunch of seven footsparks is out there putting on a freak show, slam a jam in it. Okay, that's not a sport anymore. That's a joke. It's a freak show. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, my lawn will go beyond that. Yeah, whatever you say. What was that? He said he had a good time in Vienna, something like that. Open line of date, one in Broward. Five, six, that's he what I mean? That bears that just what I said. He's not a little Julio. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the animal boom line. Really? And pretty much it'll lack education. Could that be it? Maybe like a lot of dumb silly immature spicks out there. Yeah, I must be it. I'm not saying that the only ones were gets stupid calls from a boy. The percentages are just staggering. The little guys that make up the stories with their fantasy stories and just it's sad. Get a life grow up already. Grow the F off. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Any other moves to genus behind the Don Chilocard? Do you know who this is? What time? Who is this? What's the difference? Why? Uh-huh. That asshole again. Let me say it for the eight million times. We're not going to talk to you. If I had a sit here and talk to myself and I had a read from the Bible. If I had to recite my bar mitzvom after, over and over again, we aren't talking to you. Okay? You're an asshole. You're an idiot. The audience is offended by the fact that you will refuse to stop calling. And very soon we'll start putting your number on here to jackass. What a piece of walking crap. We have an open line of date, 5 6705 60 pom-5 60 on a mobile online 1226 at 2 a.m. I'll tell you what thing you want to make a fortune. Just get a business where you find people a life. Seriously, just open up a place. Get a big neon sign unless it's in sunrise and say find a life place. This is where you come to find a life. In this time you'll have a line up for hours every day. Morning noon and night. This is the meal Roger show. This is your brain. Any question? Do you like chili? Really hot chili, then you should try omelis du really? Fucking hot chili. That's right, omelis du really. Fucking hot chili is so hot. It's guaranteed to burn the rough of your fucking mouth or your money back. Thanks for the hot of telepeneos, spices and peppers. After just one bite, you'll say, wow, that's the hottest fucking chili I've ever tasted. That's omelis du really. Fucking hot chili. From the makers of good, good, chaturin, thick and so. Pick some of what your fucking groceries are today. Remember if it's not omelis, it's not that fucking hot. No doubt. 1231 is 560 WCM. We got Hank Goldberg coming up at 2 o'clock. 6 o'clock. Very briefly Josh and Jason, the fulfillment hour because of booster. Got up this morning. We literally and he's busy eating right now. And then 7 o'clock to pregame. Panthers at Ottawa night. Any interest in that? Big game. No. I didn't think so. Sorry. Open line of date. 560, 705, 60, 560, Unimobile one line. See, I thought I was the one. I was supposed to be the whiner. I'm a melcan tent. I'm always unhappy about it. And at the meantime, this is the biggest bunch of unhappy people down here. You're running here for like 20 minutes. And right away, wow, that ruined my day. And I had to turn to duh. We don't care if you turn to duh right now. Doesn't bother me. I'm not going to lose any sleep. I got a nice free lunch sitting here. I put a nice big fat check in the back yesterday. I just spoke to my lawyer who's coming along a lot better by the way for those who don't norm. And we got another big fat check from Miami to pay us off for all of that deal to the end of May. Life is going along fine. I got over my crud that I had for eight weeks. Thanks to my good friend, Dr. Pascoon, yacht, Derek Cleveland Clinic. I really, really, really knocked him Pascoon, knocked by the way. Good guy. Call me yesterday at home to give me my butt. Test results. Said you're going to live. The only thing that brought over there in the land. Look at how she booked it up. Look at how they booked it in my boy. I know he didn't. He said, look how they mastered her in my boy. Look how they mastered her in my arm, my veins. Talk about the purple PNA. And that ties right into what a Jerry follow. Like I said yesterday, I got a purple armpit. Ow! Or whatever you call that, not an armpit. What do you call this side of the elbow? The inner side of the elbow? Yes, sure. That's it. Uh-huh. It's purple baby and the elbow too. Because she stuck me good. I think it was because I was, you know, white. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami, hello. Hey, Neo, how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm just calling to say a little comment about that stupid dirt back this caller. I got a boy, George. He was nothing better to do. And wait on your whole just waiting to get answered. And then, just say, oh, George did a, uh, a disgusting job. Well, how do you like the, uh, 25 minutes you're a jet about the perverted sex or whatever you were talking about? Oh, man, I would, I would rip this head off right away. All right. By the way, you and George do a great job and people to go work and I love you, you know. Okay, good job, babe. Okay. Okay, baby. See, that's my kind of spec right there. He's friendly. We have an open line. Oh, they're all friendly. They just don't want the world to know it. That's all. They're just a bunch of pussy. I mean, if you're going to be like a real man, stop being so afraid of your own feelings. Okay. Every time we go out and do those appearances, we go to Kendall. We go to South Miami. We go here with, and, you know, and the overwhelming majority of these holios, they're covering in the closet. And one of the reasons being, oh, well, if they happen to look good, I'm going to talk about them on a year. Dan Straight, like Jose, all of a sudden they run. What are they running from? What are they running from? If somebody looks good, then I mentioned on a year boy, that's the so-and-so looks pretty good. Huh? Then they're boyfriends, or T's, then, you know. Exactly. Well, that's fine. If you, like I've said before, if you're born looking good, there's a price you should pay for it. And that's the price. And by the way, there's screaming, that's starting and I'll be here. But he's wrong with these people. I mean, I always thought Lee Cutler was a pretty decent guy where he does look an act a lot like Tom Denner. But I thought, but there's something that he sells holes there next to her, man. Louter and louder and louder. By the way, guess what we haven't seen for days now? Oh, bad boy. How about the thing that he, uh, come back? The thing is not coming back. Oh, once he hit him, good. Seriously, it, when the book, when the chapter is written, about our days in this place, the fact that Greg Reed came down here and stood in this doorway yesterday and tried to justify the idea that anybody in this place would hire the thing. That to me says everything you ever needed about this company, okay? He must have worked real, real cheap. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Do you just dislike all Latin? No idea. Well, why, why do you think, uh, always thought to, on people, whether they're, they're Cugherner, just, anybody is panic origin. Why don't you do that? Well, then I just get to send it to the last caller. You're like, wait behind the time, sir. The last caller was a Julio. Yeah, I was a good guy. Yeah, but then why do you have to use the term spec? Why not? Well, why? I mean, you know why, no, you know, you know, you know, again, this is like a chicken in the egg like you're chasing your tail. Why not use it if I can use the term spook and fag? What's that you have any problem I use in the term fag? Sure. Why? Sure, because it's demeaning into Greg. No, it's not. It's just a word. No, it's not, and that's why I use him because I'm more use him at renders than meaningless. If he sensitizes people, it makes them realize that words are just words, even little kids, though, that sticks and stones. You know how that goes, sir. Don't you? Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So what's the point? The point is, a lot of people don't like it. Yeah, you know, something, let me say it again. If you don't like it, don't listen. If you're offended, don't listen. I'm not going to see her at Panda based on what you're, you're a definition of what I can say or shouldn't say. Sir? All right. And have a great day, hey? A lot of people don't like it. I'm going to tell you something, sir. If I've been doing a radio show for 23 years in Miami, based on what I thought people would like, I wouldn't say the one who offended religious people. The one who offended Jews, the Julio is the black people. Well, what's the point? It's a radio show. It's entertainment. So that's our poll question. Would you rather be thin-skinned or dark-skinned? That's our poll question today. That'd be it. Man. And you know something, we've got to end it. Tremendous number of black people listen to this show and by the way, not African American, because they're in the same thing. And I don't seem to have any problem. They don't use the word Schwarzscher or Spook, well, look, but that's the point. If there were people, our people, sir. And one of the most uptight groups of all by the way are the Hispanics in South Florida. The Spanish American League against saying this and against saying that. And oh, you said this and you said something about Rosamro's and Adana, Iliana Ross, Lightning, who's an asshole. People are people, sir. There's good specs and bad specs and fat specs and mediocre ones and dark ones and light ones and big ones and fat ones and skinny ones and beautiful ones. That's it. That's the real world. So I hate to break the news to you. That's it. And if you're out there, people out there to emotionally immature to handle that, then find another show, turn on Dr. Laura. And here are beat up on men. Here's Coconut Grove, hello. Hello, Neil. Hello, sir. OK. Surviving your day, I see that. Ah, yes, I'm having a great lunch. Oh, my God. A lot of crazy people that I like and I love these. Oh, my God. See, what's wrong with people today? Oh, maybe Castro has the woodpecker going again. I don't know. Oh, my God. Uncle Bill, just cut home and I saw in my backyard what seems to be a red balloon. Well, it's a red balloon with a fine Scotch state to it that says, of course, my cat can get off the phone. Go, go. It says the juice made of crucifix. They made Christ carry it and it they killed him. And he worshiped it. What a shame. Two Corinthians four four. Oh, my God. Now, tie to that. Look, that's, listen, they tie to that balloon. Here's Tony Orlando. And, uh, to the exact, without yellow ribbon. Just red ribbon. There's a little more. I kind of, it's not a purple ribbon. No, no, no red ribbon. OK. Otherwise, I, Jerry Powell will drop the balloons. Hmm. There is a sign inside a cell phone bag. Talking about the army get and all the, you know, fills of the world and all the catastrophes. So maybe you should give me the phone. I think he's stucking on the toilet paper. Yeah. You know, I mean, for what this is, we're going to die in a couple of years. There's a huge asteroid that's going to strike the earth and all the, you know, kind of decent. And then every time I got it, that's a good news. So that means they don't need your money anymore. So keep it in your pocket. Oh, I just have a good time with it. What's wrong with people today, man? The word is crazy, sir. Oh my god. Amazing. Religion is crazy and don't forget. That's the American fucking way. Exactly. You got it. God bless you, sir. Have a good day, Neil. OK. No squeeze it too hard. Uh-huh. And the balloon either. No, no, no. OK. We have an open line in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in bon 5, 60 on a mobile one line. 21 to 1 on QA. And we're having a great day today. Oh, kind of day I like. See, I like talking to a lot of crazy people. We had some good this last guy's a good guy. That other Julio we had for three, four. He was OK. And then in between we had the other guy who's very bad. A lot of people are offended, but no crap. Well, oh, man. Oh, if I would only know that, I'd still be doing those boring new Triton shows I was doing 15 years ago and make it about 15 grand a year. If I was lucky. By the way, if anybody wants to know what a nice guy I am, I stored your norm can't. OK, just mention that in passing. OK, everybody thinks I'm a miserable son of a bitch. It's a radio show. I happen probably to be one of the nicest people in the world. I'm probably too nice. I'm a fine good guy. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm a shy, good professor of beautiful films. My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like pearls. I don't even have enough to factus world. I tried to be with loathings and technology, but it don't get no bigger than a doll. There's nothing I can do. No. I only got a 3 and 2. You'll be disappointed when we reach my house. Because you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse. Because they ain't no big Mac or like a happy new. You can't more than a second from your high heels. You're fair I was in the pool. You're cute. Because I only got a 3 and 2. Sometimes I'm not that I wonder if it will ever grow. If I was a homotech who I couldn't leave and push in your school. Ooh, it looks like Mr. Peanut with other things. It got capillaries instead of things. I took a circulation with a thinking ring. For Halloween I'd like to like a bubble wing. It's in a suction tube. Because I only got a 3 and 2. Even with a metric rule. I only got a 3 and 2. Have them guys. You got a 3 and 2. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got a 3 and 2. Something you're hunting. Yeah, you got a 3 and 2. In quality not quantity. You got a 3 and 2. I think it only finds a 3 and 2. What are they singing? He's got a 3 and 2. I think that's what they'd be singing. Stay away from him that time for it's going to burn bad. It's a 1246 at 5.60 QAN. Great lunch today, Chuck. Can you see? Oh, a little bit too much, but it was your great. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just wondering something. Have you ever played in these courts? Have I ever played any sports? Yes, when you're younger? Yes. You're having what's on? Baseball. Baseball? Yeah. OK. Why? Why? People that criticize something usually have to have a son of a four. Meaning what? Well, you could have signed a big hockey fan. Does that mean I was a hockey player when I was a kid. Of course, I have. You're right to play a sport to enjoy it. You're absolutely correct, sir. First of all, when you say when I'm criticizing things, I'm talking about the people who are talking about these things. I'm not criticizing the sports for say, although there's something that I don't enjoy like the NBA, for example. But nevertheless, I watch plenty of football. I watch tons and tons of hockey. A little bit of baseball. I'm getting fed up with it. I'm talking about the discourse that goes on about it, sir. OK. You think that when you hear the calls on this radio station about sports, would you say that there's a high level of conversation that goes on? No. No. Absolutely not. It's a very embarrassing. I love listening to the Hank, but listening to the people have called in on it, show. It makes me want to. Great. Wasn't that clever? Oh, my God. That was so clever. Cool. Cool. What? Cotton, I see. Here's another sports nerd. OK. That's his idea of being clever. He says, go yourself because he's a, am I a supporter of the first amendment? I'm also a supporter for taking our license. OK, sir. Do you understand that? No. Think so. Two open lines a day, five, six, seven, five, sixty, and pound five, sixty on a mobile online. She's got God and taken a little shot. He's got to start out the money. Do you ever have a plan? He's sports. You know, we know you're a pansy. You give her plan. He's sports. You ever wear a jock strap because, you know, I hate to break the news to you, sir. The entire world doesn't view life through your eyes. I know that comes as a great shot. And in fact, that there's some jackass like me on your expressing a point of view that just might be different from yours. Oh, my God. I guess you're too emotionally mature to handle it. Like I told you the other guy. A lot of emotional cripples out there in the naked city. Here's the lady in Evan's shirt. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Hey, I spoke to you a couple weeks ago when I was sitting in the back of my head her. It's, it's, it's, anyway, that's here I am. Remember me? Are you better? Uh, oh, much. Oh, good. Me too. Oh, isn't that nice? Yeah. We should go out. No. But no, I know. I know. You haven't changed your mind about that. But um, I think you think you're very carefully. You want? I've been listening to you very carefully. Yes. And I think the reason, uh, you, you have, the, the great appeal that you have is because you are looking for the truth. You're an intellectual. I'm not looking for anything. No. No, but no. I'm not looking for anything. Great. Great. Great. But you, you are the great addition of the great rabbi. That's what it's for. No. No. The great rabbi that studied the Torah is where idiots. They were reading bubble mice. He's very tales. I'm absolutely the anti-adventy. The antithesis. The antithesis of both them. But so close. Is there a way? No. You don't think so? No. Let me see it again. No. No. Well, I, I think the reason you're, your disillusioned because you're. I'm disillusioned about what? What am I disillusioned about? I'm not disillusioned about disillusioned. I just talk about things the way they really are. I'm not disillusioned. No, but I'm disillusioned. I'm not just kind of a jaded view of life. I did what I tell you the way it is. That's the way it is. And you're telling the truth. Yeah. So what's the point? What am I doing? I do not know. I do not know. A lot of people hate you for that. Yeah. Well, what do I care? And I love, I love you for it too. Because they recognize that that's what you're talking about. I'm just a radio show. Let me see it again. We're not changing the world here. It's a radio show in a very, very dead-ass place in South Florida. Well, maybe because it's, the whole world is going crazy. And this is a symptom of it. Okay. Feel better. Tell the call us back when your head straightens up. Woo! Woo! We have open lines today, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 5, 60 and a mobile one line. Okay. Actually, you got a little head problem. Gotta understand. Here's Vointin' Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, now. Yeah. Sometimes I feel like this dancing me by. Today's my birthday. Yeah. I'm getting old. You know, I've seen a movie. I'm going to. Yeah. Thank you. I've seen a movie about a year ago. It was a porno. It was two of your favorite people. Yeah. Ron Jeremy and Kathy Willitz. Woo! And she was talking about she in the movie while he was doing her. Yeah. Anyhow, he was talking about how many times she was doing people a day and you were off by about four people she says. Anyhow, I have a requested, vulnerable. You're not going to have a, if it landed this call, sir, maybe we might just get it. I'm sorry, now. That's not going to be sorry. It's just your terminal. Well, you might have woman that preceded you. What's it? It's a real tight race. Nippon Tucker. I know that's a real shot. But think about it. That's why I don't call often. Good. But anyway. One of those ass songs with the peanuts and stuff in it. One of those ad songs. Ass. Peanut in your ass. It's one of the songs that they talk about passing peanuts and stuff. I don't know the title of it. You haven't played it in a while. That's interesting. Peanut. Yeah. Okay, pass the address. Never great to have people with it. You found. Don't do this again. Whoo. We have an open line. It's Broward all three and day. It's starting to thin out again. Here we got an hour and eight minutes to go. It'll two o'clock. Gonna make it. I don't think so. You might have fined somebody. Don't you understand? Don't you care? No. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Come on. Let's all be politically correct. Let's just kiss each other's ass. Let's do a Larry King thing. Okay. Let's just talk as hard as we can. See how it feels. Here's a mobile and cool person. Hello. Hi, Neil. Wow. You're having a tough morning and beginning or after. You're going to go hitting a wonderful day. Here. What could I do for you? Let me tell you what I'm a f**king proud Colombian. We should have remembered that guy that Gringo guy that everyone wants to know why I'll tell you talking f**king about. Yeah. The evening has about four miles. You're going to know why you know what? I would just love to just stay with him for a couple of minutes. I'm sure you know what real Colombians are all about. But in any case, I didn't call you for this. Yeah. I love hockey. I love hockey. I got to United the whole time. Let me finish. I'm Colombian. I love soccer and July mat. What hockey was all about. Yeah. Love hockey. Love your beautiful leaves. But I like. I guess the pantees because I live in sunrise to night. I don't know. I've seen them for the past two, three years. And I like the guys. What can I say? That's okay. Anyone. Anyone who doesn't is more gunger, especially the Jamaican. Really doesn't know what life is all about. Another one. See, I have all my things written down before. Good. I know that if I'm not enough, it's my pretty good. Why don't you write it out? That's good. A little listen. I don't know what women it's good for you. I know. I know why these sons over here don't like you. I really do. I really do. I've been asking. Which assholes are we talking about? I'm talking about women. I'm talking about Colombians. I'm talking about Americans. I'm talking about all. I'm talking about all. I'm talking about me. Listen. I like you. I love you. I like the only people I hear in radio is you. You know why you make me laugh. The thing why they don't like you, they take you seriously. Yeah. You're a nice guy. I love gay people. I have gay people in my family and all around. Since I never even knew about now. My family and my friends are here. Listen. I went to my country after ten years. I've been there. Found out that most of my nephews and nieces were doing it. They were doing it behind my back. Right. Each other. Anyways. They're happy now. I love that. They were doing it in the back. Yeah. Probably. Yeah. Well. Okay. Little kiss. Okay. Okay. We have an open line at Broward. 5. 6. Can't we all just kiss and get long? 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. On the mobile one line. 6. 5. 7. 9. 9. 9. 6. 6. 7. 7. 6. 9. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. 9. 9. 10. 9. 12. 7. 7. 7. No. But as the car and her vagina she's in all mine. I like it. I like it. Well, you don't know where her stoke goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or animals you need for. And then I can saw the turn, see her back, means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go in blind. Now please, then he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical joke. It's a commercial noodle for an exploding, loaded for Monica with blowing rings. There's a garden, Monica's vagina. All right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's on mine. Poor people feel that Hillary's been made up of a fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A family linking bedroom she worked morning. All morning, how old was doing her with build-o bond. Bill's a garden, Monica's vagina. Start looking. She lets out a gigo. Every frigging time he makes it way go, Monica is not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina she's on. She's on mine. Oh, can do you think? Yes, does matter. Oh, yeah. What you gotta do is take a sip of it all. Happy Christmas, friends. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. How's that brought to you by the way, anybody listening? No. Thank you. We have an open line of day at 567. See that particular bit. I can play that every day for the rest of my life. It would have ever get old. No, no, come on. No, good. Seriously, it's just, it's just so great. It's just such a classic. It's just so brilliantly done. It's just so even though I hate James Taylor, I hate James Taylor like poison. If I ever hear fire and rain again, I can't even hear I am. I could be in the middle of like anywhere. I could be right in the bosses or official of the music fire and rain with James Taylor, Power 96 by mistakes. If they change the floor mat. And I heard the music laughing on the hall. How many sheets? Okay. Two open lines today, 567560 and Pont560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Carl Springs, hello. Yes, ma'am. I just want to know, are you a Howard Stern wannabe? No. It's consistent, but that's what you want to do. No. Why do I want to be Howard? I'm doing very well on my own and long before I ever heard Howard was also doing very well. Well, you sound like that. No, I don't sound at all. You can't take any criticism. Let me say this. You can't. First of all, bitch, I'm not interested in criticism. Okay. This is a radio show. This is entertainment. I'm not interested in your critique. I couldn't care less about what you think. And it's been interesting. How many of the women? You know, we've had some wacky guys like we always have. But is it possible that we hit one rational woman here today? Oh, God. One of the guys are as crazy as a bed bug. They all sound like they're all flipped out this week. I'm not interested in your criticism this week, heart. Howard does his thing. I do my thing. Still Henry does his thing. Everybody's got their own stick. Okay. And the fact that you don't like it, let me say it again, which I would still have a run here. But obviously, I'm not going to listen to her crap. Why would she be listening? Why in the world could she possibly? And I'll tell you why because she knows in a part of her brain that the things that I'm saying that bother is so much they happen to be true. And she can't turn it off. We have a whole segment of this audience who will never put it down in a diary, by the way. This is our closet audience. The religious nuts, the right wing nuts. Well, whatever the hell I happen to be. These sexual Puritans, I mean, the combination of all of the above. Oh, my God, it's just a horrible what he says. I ain't to break the news to you sweetheart. Number one, it's a radio show in number two. When I say it, you can take it to the bank. Here's a mobile in the tabernir, hello. Mobile in tabernir. Hello. Yes, sir. Let me say it again. Yes, sir. Mobile in tabernir. I can't reach you, Neil. What do you mean you can't reach me? You can't hear me? Yeah, I can't hear you. Okay, call me back or not. Open line of day one and brother. You can't reach me. Sure, darm is alligator arm. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, we're during these have a fixation with rectums and partying. No, I don't view. Obviously, you do. You don't have any, I don't have any fixation with anything. The user. And here's a, here's another guide at on happy. Sir, let me ask you a question right up front before we continue with this very good conversation. Why do you listen to this show? Because you're front to listen to. Okay, thank you. Two open lines in date, 560, 70560. And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't have a fixation with anything, sir. Let me see it again. I know this comes in the great shock. It's a radio show. I'd be like that. Oh my God. Wow. What a concept. Another guide with no material. Here's Naples. Hello. What? Naples me? Naples you. Oh boy, I'll tell you. Okay, first of all. Calm down. Just forget your address. The best card of all time. Yeah. That line. Let me see the box art can fill the great line. The voucher that is one of the great lines of history. The American winner. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That guy who called you up. I hope he still listened. He's still stiff. Which one is that? You moron. What difference? He's... Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Oh... I tried to tell him to calm down, but he just couldn't do it. Oh boy. Wow. I'll tell you something. Yesterday, I tried to, uh, really get a work up. Couldn't do it. No. And today, they're already worked up. Man, oh man. Whatever energy they had, we pressed yesterday. That's pouring out today, maybe. Oh, man. Woo! Heavy. Doody. Yeah, that bitch that called before she was the winner though. She was the best one the whole day. We've had so many, so many special people today, but she was the best. Are you a Howard Stern wannabe? I mean, you're so negative and you can't take any criticism. Whoever heard of anybody doing a radio show, any person in his or its right mind, ask your people to call up and critique their performance. You're critiquing by the fact that you're listening. That's your critique. And if you're listening whether you want to admit it or not, that means you like it. Whether you want to admit that or not, you can't deny it. If you're listening, you like it. Because you're doing it by choice. There's eight many other pieces of crap you could be listening to right now. We're doing right now. We're thinking right now, we're taking a good nap. We're going out in the sun of getting a good melanoma started. But no, you're choosing to listen to this. Nobody's holding it gunpoint. Almost March 1, it'll be 23 years of it on here in this time. Never once heard of anybody held a gunpoint for the listen of this show. Never one time, not once. So that's your critique. If you're listening sweetheart, you like it. I love this show. Bar, you have sat this gusting pig. Oh, finally there's a miraculous new drug that will help you lose weight. For idiots. And now you no longer have to blame your time, right? For your old decidance. For idiots who's designed to melt those pounds away without the need to exercise or die it. For idiots cannot be used if you have hypoglassemia, diabetes, cancer, domain poisoning, Romanenitis, brana diolia, alatosis, all levels we need, smugma, psorogosis, ceparilla, glaucoma, lukewarms, toe-cheese, ceparino cheese, rinshins, blue cheese, aint, pimples, a third eye, vaginity, red blood, and emy Hansen CDs. Side effect includes vomiting, schvissing, the green apple quick step and certain death. But you'll be thinner, ask your doctor for a survey. By the way, that poker Brian, he's the best, you know. What's 13 at 560? Oh my God, these people out there, man, these people are beautiful. You're just beautiful folks, you're the best. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's get that, he's poker guy calling in again. What was his number? Here's a lady in poker, hello. Hi, Neil. How's your name? We're a lady on here today. Yes, I am. I've been listening to you since I was 19. I'm now 33. Oh, hi. And you are great. Yes, I am. You say something, you back yourself up, you don't go over the wind blows. You know what you want and you're glad to hear. I know what was unless it feels good. That's right. Yeah, it must have flown up your skirt, right? I'm sorry. But I called because, I mean, I just came home from work from lunch and I heard that woman on the air and I just, she's a bit. Now, which one was this? We had a couple of hours during lunch. Oh, the Howard Sturton want to be lady. I thought she's a lot of be lady. She doesn't know that Howard Sturton's got 100 writers. I mean, you have, you're just doing that off the top of your head. You know, bam, bam. I don't even dignify those colors anymore. I used to get so much of that crap. I changed my X15 years ago before I ever heard the Howard Sturton show. I've been on an errandist market for 23 years before anybody who ever heard Howard Sturton. He's doing great. He's got his thing. He does his thing with like you said with a whole circus of people and writers and everything. And that's fine. This is a show that's on in the middle of the day. It's not the morning anymore. I know she doesn't have a watch. But it's not the morning anymore. Exactly. In my last thing, I wanted to tell you that I went to my first Panther game on Monday night. Right. Again, the blues. Oh, sorry. Well, we don't have a watch. I don't have a great time. Right. I really did. And I'm going again. All right. Have a good day, Neil. You too. Bye. Bye. Yeah, maybe if your team loses some times, at least it's an exciting game like that. At least Carolina game. Last night, like I said, I'm the only person that found it on the small dish and probably the only person in the world that saw it down here. Leave pass. Right. For the show. Stop. We're going to turn the set. Stop. Stop. Stop. Hold it. You're not going to. He keeps it in the game before the break. Sunday in for their gang. And that was turned aside by predecessor. Denise. Another father. After Jeff, push me a little way. They're a king to the side. Where the hell? Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. See there. Go ahead. On my team loss. On the most exciting sporting events. And the history of the human god damn race. The crowd was ballistic. Job bull was on the verge of losing it. It was a back and forth. And back and forth. And up. And that was great. And these people thought you think that that seven foot sports are concscore 30 points again. New year. I mean, what the people of this town know about sports. That's the main reason why they can't talk about it. Because they know nothing about it. You know, like I'm here a lot of our people out of one of my nice and proved by name when you weren't here talking on the air the other night. Was it last night talking to one of our boardops about how he was watching the Princeton Penn basketball game? Oh my god. And I think what some of them had a bet on it. See, you know, there's GA gamblers anonymous. What we have here at a QA, which is very bizarre. Maybe the only station in the country. We have our own chapter, which is called GA Junior. We have GM Junior, which of course is Sam Duce back the promotions guy. Who thinks he's the junior general manager. And by the way, you're a liar, Sam. Okay. We had our own little kangaroo court near and the Jocac Stelokam down to be on a shadow without your a liar, Sam. But hey, we're used to it. Here's a mobile in Halea. Hello. I'm going to the other. Yes, sir. Hey, you haven't. He touched our edges a second ago. He's been on the air in 22 years. You got an anniversary coming up this month. Our first, yes, March for 23 years. Yeah, it's always a day after my birthday. I'm always the one who calls the wish you happy anniversary. The day after my birthday. I keep reminding you that you're 14th anniversary. Yeah. You're 14th anniversary. You had all your boyfriend in there. I was one of them in the studio on 79th street. Oh, my boyfriend? You're part of all the guys that you like. Who are you? You're playing his friends. In fact, with the exception of Gilbert. He was in there that day. Oh, yeah. He's my boyfriend. You remember that day on the 79th street? You had about five to six guys in there. One food, bunch of pizza. No. No. Well, if you got another one of those, go on. We just told me on the desk list. Don't you later. You were there? Yeah, yeah. I did there. Okay, I'll see you. Okay, I have no idea. Do you remember that? You do remember that? Well, who the hell was there? Oh, bunch of people. This fits mostly. I bet you referred your editor Bob wasn't there. He was here yesterday, by the way, when we do little interview firm for about the Temploid TV. Good guy. We want to start a little refrigerator, which we still haven't either run by the way. Thank you, Bob. You're a good man. Good luck. We got our microwave. It's interesting about this. Hand me down the studio that we got here. We got the Sylvania TV with built-in VCR from our friend Jeff Cohen and Pete Salaf. Thank you, Jeff. We got this. What? Use. What do you mean? It was used. I can't. I cannot believe that you said that. So is the refrigerator and so is the microwave? Are we going to, oh, you boy, you're getting bad. You know, let this guy do a half hour on a year the other day. And all of a sudden he's bitching that the TV was, and it looked like brand new to me. I'm not saying we got a Sony 52 which X VR and here like I have at home. But the studio is probably a little bit too small for that. Don't you think? No, no. God. So Jeff Cohen provided us with the TV. The people at the director digital world digital world. I can, I got a metal block digital world. So I'm like, oh, by the way, here's the deal. I'm so sick and tired of waiting on Greg Reed. And these other people around here are such a bunch of pussy. Some of them talk a good game, but they're pussy. Okay. I will pay. Seriously, I want you to find out when to show in today. Find out if they've made arrangements to put in a direct in a DSS upstairs in their studio. And if not, I will pay out of my own pocket. I don't want to be reimbursed. That's how embarrassed I am for a multi-million dollar company that's got kiss pumping in the money form. Power 96, pump it in the money form. And if we're for all the money, we've got to pay to Wayne this place pumping the money through for them. And it's so goddamn cheap that they want to make excuses and keep stalling. You find out from digital from our friends over there. And I would not look for a freebie. I'll pay for whatever the dish caused any installation up there in the attooner. Okay. Because you know, I just came into this little windfall last couple of days, whatever it is. And it's not even for us. We got our own here. But like I started saying, the refrigerator was given to us. The little microwave we got. These people provide you with absolutely the big nothing. Nothing. And then the big guy with a bad hairdo, the Greg, the Greg, the Greg's there comes down here. They've got the balls to look at me straight into face. And she, I don't understand. We built on this beautiful new studio upstairs. They're bitching about it. The audience doesn't see the walls. I know that comes today. And the show, the guy who knows a little or nothing about this business, the audience can't see the walls. It's like when we first moved into the passion. And they built us that beautiful, palacial studio. Remember, we were the most of our cards, by the way. But in spite of that. And nobody could see it. Much of it was superfluous. In fact, when Buddy Bud came in that one day, remember that. And I gave him the little tour of the joint. I said, you know, I hate to break the news to you. But they wasted a lot of your money because some of this stuff looks really great. But we never have to use it. We don't need a dad player in the talk studio. He said, what's that? Here's a curl table. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. How you doing, everybody? Great. I love your show, man. I just got to tell you your show. I just got to tell you your show. I just got to tell you your show. It's the first one. You're the only ones that like this show. Yeah, forget what they always say. The show. The show I tell you, buddy. Yes, sir. The only religious right people. They got me going crazy already. I'll tell you the truth. Have you been living just wrong? Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. My dad's a priest or whatever. Whatever you call, my girlfriend. You know, I come with him. I think you know I come. All these little cherry fly will butt lickers. All right. If they can hear me, hear me out. You guys are all abroad. They're all frauds. They all want your money and they all want to say, yeah, we're going to heal you. Get the. Okay, great. That was caught up by then, surely. Certainly. Well, I hope. Okay, what's your caught up? 560560 and pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Hi, Mr. I just a worry. Yes, sir, Mr. Caller, how are you? How are you? Uh, need to make a comment regarding, um, Nick Alvarquez. Nick Alvarquez? Yes. A friend of yours. Long time. Nick, I mean, okay, whatever he said, okay. We have an open line in date 560560 and pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in tabernir. Hello. Oh, wow. Yeah, well, they're wild today, man. They worked up. The jungle juice came in the shuffling cable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a kid even on a hole in the city. Yeah, you're getting extra entertainment because you're on a hole in the trouble. Anyway, you can't believe them. Yeah. Didn't back to these guys, you know, these guys have called on on these sports shows. Yes. I've never been a sports fan. You've turned me on a hockey and I've carried over the list of my games. Yeah. But these guys, they call up these shows. I mean, I just can't listen to them. It sounds, you know, you heard a verbal in the court. This is verbal masturbation. Well, you're right. That seems actually correct. I mean, it's like a radio circle, sir. I know. I just don't get it. It's on earth is boring. And it's sad. That's why I haven't had a chance to listen to much to the other sports talk stations around the country because you know, I live here. But if you were in a market where the people really knew sports, where they really understood it, they knew the names of the players. They really knew what they were talking about. Then maybe it might be pretty entertaining. But as soon as the call star man, the quality of the, what's coming out of the speaker, just the generates so rapidly because it's the same tired garbage and the same in ink. Hey, you think Levi's going to win 20 games this year? I mean, even if that had been a rational question from like a living and breathing adult, how to help is anybody know the answer? I mean, like you said, middle masturbation. What's the point? You think it's going to rain in the next hour? I mean, it's the same kind of thing. There's no information. It's like they all practice with Mr. McAfoon in front of the mirror and they're all auditioning for some announcer post. I don't so really correct. I don't get it. And a second thing, just here on the news yesterday that we're talking about this while back, there's a South American country that is putting out a moniker's the guard and it's got a likeness of, got a moniker on there, yeah. And there's some, I mean, it's amazing. Yeah. Well, what's how you use that word? I have a great day, pal. Okay, thank you, Neil. Okay, here we're just saying, watch where that scored score. It mode goes. We have an open line too. And let me say it again. If she would have just dry cleaned the goddamn dress, we wouldn't be in this mess, okay? In fact, I'm going to tell you something. It is all these experts up there. I'll tell you what would have solved the problem. Forget about even getting to that point. If she wouldn't have been such a bitch, if she would have swallowed, am I right? There you go. If she would have listened to Dr. Ruth and swallowed, then we wouldn't have had no mess on the dress. We would have had no DNA evident. We'd have had no cancer. Star anymore. This has been all over long time ago. And the people at CNN and its name is NBC and CNBC. They'd all be pissed off and Fox News that work. So I guess it helped you economy. By the way, Alan Greenspan, what's this had something good to do with the Nasdaq? Is up 60 was up 70 something. And the Dow's up almost 194 points. Let's hear it. Oh, thank God for our investments. Okay, just keep going out there by and stock. Don't worry about whether it's really worth it. Not just keep buying and buying, please. I hear that Hilton hotels the best damn chain in the world. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey Howard, I mean Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. As one or when you go to the Panthers Toronto game, and how can you do you root for? Okay, we have an open line of day five, six, seven, five, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T wireless line. Four, Saint Lucy? Well, I hate this show. I hate you. But I listen every day. Uh-huh. I don't understand what these people say. They come, they say, they hate you. They hate you. But they listen. Yeah. They gotta be listening. Next day. Maybe. Open line of day one and Howard. Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, six, and five, six, you might probably, you know, used to be like an normal guy until Greg moved in next door to him up there in Port Saint Lucy. That would put anybody over the edge. Yeah. He used to be okay. Here's open par, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. A new listener first time caller and we're actually down the radio before. When you might be our best caller today before this is over with sir. All right. Um, the channel 4 has this program on tonight. By the way, it's been a channel 4. They knew news team they got. Oh, my God. This guy they brought it on. And this angel are ready. How do you just like her except for that thing on her lip? But Angela ready used to be pretty good news. She is doing the same. Vitis dancer with team now. And she caught it from channel 7. They really bite the big one. But go ahead. Um, they were doing the thing on, uh, whatever his great is about, uh, what, what the problem. Yeah, they've been doing it all weekend. Yeah, tonight is the, uh, the language barrier, which, uh, and people more people speaking. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Yeah. Um, but anyway, uh, but I'm probably, uh, but I'm probably, my problem is, um, you know, that they, uh, they just, they just can't speak English. You know, that they, they, they, I feel like I'm sorry. I feel, uh, I feel like it's an invasion of America. They, they, they want to, uh, retake America, uh, at least the Southernmost part of it. Um, uh, they come from Mexico, Cuba and, um, and Spanish. They want to, they want to remake it as if it was, uh, as if they never lost the war, you know. But, um, well, I think, my last comment is if they can make a Mexican show, I was speaking with, they can make a human speaking with. No, no, no, okay, speaking English. I'm a little scared. I'll read the letter to you. Tell us the little ego. Ask the came you'll be this. We have an open line in Broward, five six seven, five six. Well, just he'll be that on Oakland Park. Okay, just stick around up there by the saw, I guess I'll find a lot of people spitting with. But he have a heart or a liver. No. Then the general heart still gets it. Takes that you know, he relax, I'm a dad, Specific, no room is no wonder the shonda, They six clarity of my gut, that's a dream level. This fluorescent activity, Ovaldee, Dr. Juan, he's been to the neighborhood. He should tell me my dog. He's Queen and Mr. Neap<|sv|>ita, Her soul left as her dog. As a usual kid about the battery. Yeah, Mama, but Mama will shut the lock and navigate. Camera will put these dimities and rules. Gets gotcha gotcha, so it don't does the entire job. Waaaaaah, we're burning. That day they give into the night game. Too big they can throw out a bro. Very simple days and set the drug stall. You're a... You're a... The toy of Endora, a green horse. Sense and lover is dead, not ecstatic. Robert doesn't aim to play. Triaminicusolics, no dos dee, no robots, Autos heatcrests. Calolutional trend, raising that tag and that late text. Calcinics, date tag, as I can. Nighttime, my laptop. He's a collager, it's also right. And he does set the whole week. Y'all, night will try to minific and fail. By the term of seed, they're bad just six. They're the different kind of a year group. You can keep an important job on us with the names. A day big is into the black game. Too big they can throw out a bro. Too the full name set the drug stall. You're a... You're a... You're a... Why do they take it back to music? It's those dumb names. With all the names that fail five years. That's their cold, under the wall's breeze. All right, let's play. We'll be looking for something. Okay, what's your day three? We all be looking for something. I guarantee you that. Find it yet? No. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. No? Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Great. I can't afford to say I love your show. I listen to you every day and night. And I've come to one conclusion. Yes. You don't have an antenna. So you have an idiot magnet. And I'm going to hang up now before I become a statistic. Okay. Open line of bribe. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. So anyway, that's what we wanted. Idiot magnet or a satellite dish. One of the other. I'm serious about that too. By the way, when we do move up there upstairs, whatever we need, I'm going to pay for it. And of course, people are saying, well, you're pretty dumb saying that. Well, I got a news for you. If I don't get it for myself, we'll never get it. Because Greg read, see, I know people. I have friends. I have relatives. A lot of acquaintances during the course of my life are cheap. Not necessarily bad people, but cheap. But I'm going to tell you something. In my lifetime, I've never encountered anyone as cheap as Greg reads. And he can blame the bees, ladies. I mean, seriously, if he could blame them, which he won't do openly. But if they're, if they're the reason if they're that cheap, then what does it say about him? Let me ask you this. Do we have petty cash in this place like we used to have an IOD? Do we have such a thing we do? How much could it take? How much could it take to buy a satellite dish? And have the engineer install it. A couple hundred bucks. Some of the places are practically giving them away. Like 99 bucks with the rebate, because they're erected. You know, the people just subscribe with. They want to get all the new customers. I haven't you have the dish. I mean, this is a man so unbelievably cheap that it makes a lot of people change their to. Whether it's if you're using that expression getting jude down. Yeah, he's he's going to change that expression to getting goi down. That's how cheap he is. Seriously, all over the world are going to be said, Oh, gee, they really goi me down in that joint. Here's a lady in cross spring. Hello. Uh, yes. I'm the one that caught you. The core of the how it's turned. Why are you calling back a second time? I don't guess what sweetheart wants a king always a king. What? I think no second calls for anybody. Even real colors, even good colors. Okay. And isn't this interesting? She's still listening. Oh, man. I'm having a party in my pants. She's still listening. And also I should have seen on there how many minutes she held on again. The second time. I got to this for a lady. There is nobody. I mean, nobody who's got anything important up to be a lot of the call to show twice in one day. Here's West Palm Beach, Ella. They're going to know. Yes, sir. Uh, in regards to the call to the little while ago, even though you don't need anybody, certainly this to say this, but I think George does a damn good job. Yes, he does. And furthermore, I appreciate the fact that when he does what he does, he doesn't try to be you. He doesn't try to be anybody else. He does his own thing. And I enjoy listening to him. It's a lot better than listening to a guildy. For example. Right. I agree. And George has thank you so much. And thank you so much. It is a lot. That's right. I was thinking that the other day, drive it. It's funny. He mentioned that. I was driving up to the doctor. I'm thinking, boy, even on his worst day, George is a thousand times better than a guildy. And yet, it's interesting. Even though we took that little mini pool to be in the show today, the sports nerds like I told him before if they had a monkey. If they had a chimpanzee on there in the morning along with the default and the little dog, they would, hey, a chimpanzee doing this. Why? What do you think about that? He came to Marita. It doesn't make any difference. It makes no difference when the kids like six to seven. And they're good guys. Josh and Jason, they're good guys. They're like, what? 10 years old. They're young guys. And they're like, well, what do your thoughts? What do you, what is your take on? I mean, you think they're going to cover the spread? I mean, it's one thing if you have a gambling, a sports gambling problem. But if you have a sports gambling problem, you're that desperate that you're asking eight year old kids what their thoughts are on a game that you're about to bet on. Trust me. Please call the man with a butterfly and it have yourself put away before you really wind up off to us. Okay, do you know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm not going to. I drift. Please. Opaline and Broward. 560 and Pont560 on the 182. Wireless line 22, Piltut, and Hank will be here. Then we got the six o'clock. Josh and Jason. Right? And then seven o'clock. We got the scalding. Freedman. Yelding. Josh. Freedman. I want to say this to you. I was thinking about this also. So you, I don't know what's gotten in use since we came into the, probably a little bitterness in this place which I can easily understand with all the along kids around here. You have to separate personal from business. To show he did that I commend him on that night. He did a good show. It was a good show for getting if you can separate if you forget that it was him. You didn't listen because you're not interested in sports. You know, listen to this station. I happened to be in the car. I heard it. It was he did a good job. I think it's all the credit in the world for being a good, good guy on the air. And it's thought's a pretty good too. There you go. It's just that we separate now. That's business. Okay, personally he is anxious. He's fatty, smells bad. He's repulsive. The most of the people in this place. So we can put him in a hermetically sealed studio and give him some maritime every non. We like Josh Green. And I don't dislike him to begin with. It's just that George has such an intense dislike. I mean, a bitter hatred, especially after he slapped all those chicken livers on the board. During the week that they were down here. I mean, just lunged all over our equipment in there as marginal as it is. I just thought I'd set the record straight. 21 till 25 60 QA. This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. They're coming this summer to a theater near you. It started out as an innocent weekend, wrapped in trip with the guys. Until. The liverance. 90. 90. 90. 90. 90. 90. Deliverance. 98. He's in a hot, no TV stars. They make the jump to the big screen. The liver study. Sorry, Kyle, Kenny, and Parkman. I'll keep the noverance. We like to take them. And you know, either my head. I say, squeal, bad ass. I'm not thinking anything. And I don't want to help. Watch your bullets. Take turns on the self-park. Oh my god, they're from a Kenny. Deliverance. That's summer. Okay, 144 at 5. 60 WQM. Where are we going next? Okay, see, we got some ladies on here. Maybe they might be like real normal people. Here's the lady in Northern. Hello. Car and meal. Usually I'm working. So I don't get a chance to call you. Yeah. And I missed the very first part of your show today. But you sound to me like you're really feeling better. Yes, I am. Judging talent in your voice. I feel great. And not to change the subject too much. You had been talking about the famous restaurant on South Beach. You know, years ago. Yeah. And I wanted head. Did you ever go to the Royal Hungarian? Which was a course you Jewish West Bank? No, I was over. I remember the Hungarian charter that was on this cane in about 120-15. I've had. In that area. In fact, I'm one crew to write the used to be Rocky Rossi and he's which is with the attend in place. Right. And then it was the Hungarian charter was across the street. They're both very good. Uh-huh. But years ago, I worked there. And after a mom and pop died, the sons took over. Yeah. And once, in the course of the war, there were little beanies. You know. And I was raised outside Detroit. And I never really seen Jewish people too much. So I came to Miami. Uh-huh. And you said, oh, yeah. It was funny because soon as the parents died, the kids blew it. After they went to college and they all used education. Well, they probably took the beanies off too. That's what did it. Yeah. It'll get you every time. Okay. And just real quick. I listened to you. I have a tiny little radio. I can put in my pocket. Right. And in my buildings, it works. The ones that have the little light bulbs. I can hear you. The ones that have, I was going to say neon. But it's fluorescent. The long ones. Right. All around. Yeah. That messes up. That messes it up totally. So in sunrise, if they wanted to do us a public service. Forget about the neon lights. So let's get rid of the fluorescent. Let's do that. Have a great day. Okay. Bye. Okay. We have an open line of day. There was nothing like the famous on Washington Avenue. I'll tell you that right now. Don't let anybody study a lot of bill of goods. Okay. We're not in business anymore. So it's not like a free plug. But God, do I wish they were. That was a place. That was those with the days when I first came here. 76. When there was still some remnants of life in this town. When it was still a small to you place. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Me, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Go red wings. Yeah. Okay. Go red wings. Goodbye. Open line of day one at Broward. 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and steward. Hello. Hi, oh. Yes, sir. Hey, I wasn't steward. I'm in Jupiter now. Anyway. Next up. You're in it. Right. Anyway, last week you were talking about the Petri oil. And I didn't quite hear if you had ever gone and. No, no, no, not Petri. Tea tree for the tea is in Tom. Okay. Tea tree. Tea tree. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And the purchase account was one of those orthodox. Oh, it's probably some of the hockey game. And of course, being as cheap as he is, turned me to five and I have bugs for a little bottle. And I'll tell you, man, you open that thing up and it smells. I mean, you say, wow. But it didn't do a damn thing. Oh, really? No, because my doctor, he told me it was an allergy to my, it was allergies to my head. I had a bad blood pressure medicine. He gave me a different drug in just a few days down. Feeling great. And the tea tree still smells bad. Oh, all right. But if you got anybody, if you want to chase away any pain in the as in Truders, let's put an open bottle. That's why you're in. You'll be alone forever. You know, one other thing. Now that you're over there with with the Josh Joe rolls and Deforce them. Did they let you shower with him or what? Not yet. Not yet. No. Okay. There's still upstairs on the third floor. All right. Okay. We're in fact that when Ray Whitney comes in, we have a special shower down here that he and are going to be sharing. We have an open line of date, five six seven. He don't know yet. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile and bokeh. Hello. Lady mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. I want to tell you that I'm a long time listener. First time caller originally from Copenhagen. All right. We love you. What a great plan. I'm a seasoned ticket holder in section one fifteen. I'd love to be able to come out and say hello to you. Well, do it. I'll be there Monday night. section one. 101. My husband got me addicted to listening to. He's a great guy. He's another one of those requests. We won't talk about that. Oh, my god. What up? And from Copenhagen. Thanks about it. He's not. Oh, I think. I am. Are you better bring me to the at twenty first century? He thinks about it all the time. Won't talk about it. Well, maybe just doing it is better. Okay. I'll see you Monday. Bye. Copenhagen is a real place. Real people. The Danes. Great things. We have an open line in date five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen. I'll tell you what thing, boy. This audience sure had a big turn around today. They went from a coma yesterday and just. Be one of the baby's court. Why all today? They're on fire today. Don't ask me what's in the jungle juice. But it's a pretty damn good. Now that bitch, I mean, at the lady that called earlier, the call back a second time. And you can't call twice a one day. But it would be real interesting if you'll call me tomorrow. What? Why you're looking me with a quizzical look on your face? Seriously, I would entertain her called tomorrow briefly. Because I'm curious to see whether she wants to apologize for the error of her ways for the idiotic low test unacceptable thing that she said, which we know. Be on the shadow about anybody with an IQ larger than their offum size. No, that's a bunch of crap. That's right. Or whether she's going to continue even if she would tell you follow my thinking. If she would make the effort to tune again and still call back. See, let me say it again. Anybody who keeps subjecting itself to something it doesn't like. It's fine's offensive. It's obviously either a massacist and idiot or both of the above. Right? Yes. 242. In fact, you know, I would just take all of the above. All of these things. And so I'm together.