4T, 0560, WG2AM, Miami-Port-Lotterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, the top-and-needle called 567 0560, toll-free, per day-to-rower, long-town 560 on your cell phone, the opinion of Neil is guest-polar, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beef and Grot-Naskery. Now, Neil Rogers, on sports radio 560, QAM, the middle-ass insist on me talking about this lumpy dialast, I know that all of the American dollars on the water company, we are 22, say you were alive! You have me take you down to you and she's daily on the water, strawberry peel, while making a drug deal. Yes! And nothing seems to dry am I? Strawberry, we have forever. Living is easy for sports, gross. Who puts the bad news in the sea? I'm not sure if you can get a drug deal, but I'm not sure if you can get a drug deal, but I'm not sure if you can get a drug deal, but I'm not sure if you can get a drug deal, that's not what you need to do? All this strawberry mess.. No, where did ya as the mintm JUDY stripe retail contains Yes. And all the little bit will bring better flow right. To get real high and grab a bat. Uh-huh. Let me take you down here. It's�ian who has strong every feel. While making drugs, he has never done this to me. Drop every breath for ever. Drop every breath for ever. Feel properly, real out for ever. and then we're in a fight. with a ring or to grab some. And come upour love for them. To a büyük and a strange gun for this, A champion for punches. I learned. Oh, right. 10.04.5.50 WQA. So what will paint Stuart's final word? I just want to tell you that all the national Americans and all the other ones have come to me. We are 22. Thank you, everyone. What a sense of humor. I got goose out with a laugh. Nothing like that. So I always say. What are some of us to talk about yesterday, I noticed that. Of course, there always cats always got their tongue miscred. But now that the whole rest of the country is in the upper about the Jim Gray thing is they should have been yesterday. Well, they were. The rest of the country was and I noticed now this town's up and on a bandwagon. I mean, Jim Gray needs to be. He needs to be put in a rubber room somewhere. The country needs to be protected from Jim Gray and all of the media. He's just an example of how dangerous the media are. For example, I go home yesterday afternoon. I flip on CNN and he got this bill. I read you in your guy who's a young kind of puggie guy. He's a friend of the family of painstower. And he comes out to read. Of course, all the media are out there waiting breathlessly. This is up in Orlando, it pains to or it's home. And the media waiting breathlessly, there were microphones for this statement. It comes out and he reads the prepared statement about the family and this says this. And this one says that and the police pray for the family. And that's the best thing you can do. And it's a hard time for all of us and we're trying our best to get through it. So here come the stupid questions. Well, how does this affect you personally, Bill? How do you feel for and he's trying to get there a lot of there? And I'm screaming at my TV said there's nobody there. I said me in the dogs, but I'm screaming at the TV. Turn around and walk away. Please. Please. And this is my advice for anybody in the world. The next time the media start asking you a bunch of stupid and intrusive questions after you said, are you going to say, or maybe you had nothing to say, turn around and walk away and tell me, get the F out of your face. And he says that I have no more comment to make. That's what the family has to say and those are my comments and the best thing you can do is pray for the family. And he turns around and start. Well, talk to us, Jam about talk to us about the talk to me about. And you just want to take up. And blow those assholes away. And that's what I felt. Blow those media bastards away. Much of media, a bunch of grave robbers. A bunch of grave robbers, that's exactly what you are. You people in the media, like I've said for years, like Jesse says, you're dangerous. You're crazy people. And that asshole, I called right before the end of the worst team there about what you know, he did but on the big. You know, there's a thing called the down report. That the late baseball commissioner, Bart Jamadi had with all these out. Why don't we just to see what's in there? What do we just see what's in there? First of all, the allegations allegedly are that he bet on baseball. What was it? 57 times for the two times. But again, a bet on the Cincinnati Reds, what he was playing for the Reds, but are there any allegations that he bet against the team that he was playing for? No, no. So even though it was certainly an appropriate to be betting on baseball. There's no allegation that he fixed any games is there. He threw any games that he tried to make his team lose any games. So what's the big deal? Oh, he gambled. He got your drill strawberry. Who opens him out by the way? He says, we were pretty much all disgusted with Jim Gray, so Janky's outfielder, a drill strawberry. It was a night of celebration for Pete Rose, every player who ever plays, cares about Pete Rose. It was an embarrassment. It didn't set to well in his clubhouse. MSNBC, which of course is just an appendage of NBC, the guilty party. So last night in this montage of news, whatever the hell they had that Brian Williams crap that goes on for hours to kill time. So they're going to give us the big load on on this thing. And about America's up and arms and Jim Gray did this and Pete Rose say that. And so what did he do? Is they show about 10 seconds at the interview? They just slice it down. They don't show you the fact that Jim Gray asked the same question. And then they just moved on to the next segment was. Because they too got in embarrassed. To admit that it was the peacock network that's blushing. Every color on the peacock is the same color of blushing red. From this grotesque performance. How long you penalize a guy because he's got a gambling. He's still got a gambling problem. Everybody knows that? He gambles his guts out. Like I said the other day, see me pop at a park every once in a great while sitting there with a big stack of hundreds on the table. Trying to impress everybody with what a compulsive guess. He's got a gambling problem. And again, when you put it in a proper perspective of athletes at America over the last 15-20 years, is a gambling problem of big deal. Oh, especially when there's no accusation that he ever met against his own team. Oh, no. And I don't even like the guy. He gives me the creeps. I try to give him a winner, a pop at a park that night he's up in a clubhouse. And he looks at me like he goes and lets out and I know how much on some other guy damn horse. I give him a $27 horse and would buy. But I don't know. But that's okay, Pete. You're an expert. Just keeps tearing up the tickets. That's his deal. It's his money. If he wants to set a bonfire and is back yard. And burn his money. That's his business. Did he ever steal a freight train? No. Do you rob in 7-11? No. Robbing your money? No. No. And what he also say this, which I know won't sit very well in the sports nerd station. What's the big sentence about painstores? Well, I can't say yesterday after a really idiotic call. I know there were so many yesterday all over this station. After a particular idiotic call. Oh, Hank, you were an expert on sports. Share with us your thoughts on painstores on this terrible tragedy. And Hank said, in very accurately so, it's sad. When anybody dies it's sad. I didn't know the guy. It's sad. What is the being a sports expert? How did he do with that? He was a golfer. It's sad when somebody dies. He was a golfer. He's dead. John Shafi, the former governor of Rhode Island, and senator for 23 years. He died yesterday. Of course he was an old guy, 77. Anybody care about that? No. That's on page three. Painstores on page one. And there it is again on CNN. There it is right there. There's a plane in the largest. And now the California in San Jose. Yeah, there you go. Come on up to after 10 at 5. 50 WQM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAN, B3, acquisition, and structure. It's just right here. Come to me, my child. B2B2, right? Send to me as online. Come drive your home. With me. You can trust me. I'm a priest. It's the lynched that I could do. It's just what to be nice to you. Some socials with the measure. Say, you're right to have some young parents. I don't know. You're right. And here's my magic, lynched. He's not. He's not. To you. Oh. I mean, I already have the responsibility. As an old church, you will. What's the name? I'm a church. I'm a church. What's the name? I don't feel. I'm a church to get to the church. I'll have to decide. Or somewhere in the house. There's a chance for me. Oh, oh. I think it's the third age. I had a kid get a chance. I was like, I'm really messed up. If they show that, what I think with you. I was only being nice to you. This will be with you, my child. God be your wife. So, that's 15 to 5.60 WKOM. Anyway, of course, the hero with the pro-Indecan, one of the most stupid pages I've ever seen in my life, Danela Bastard, rose shouldn't apologize for his play. And then he goes on to talk about the column below, which is Greg Coatex saying, rose is appearance with self-serving and ripsp rose and as. And the contrived contrived pro-Indecan crossfire, bunch of crap, as opposed to saying, well, here's our columnist and let him write through on opinion whatever it is. Even though they don't have much credibility anyway. This is just another classic example of what's wrong with the people in the media. You're sick. I don't have a lot of people in the media listening to this show. You're sick. You're a bunch of great robbers. You're lunatics. You're out of control. You have no credibility. You're nauseating. You're disgusting. The whole thing is just how much controversy can we stir up. How much publicity can we get out of this? As opposed to having any basic common decency, which forget about that, because the media have any basic... No, no, no. Zero. Zipity, you do that. Which of course goes back to the whole thing with Ken Star and the whole. Bubblegate thing. The penis gate. Like it was somebody's business that he was getting a couple of blow jobs and doing phone sex with Monica with that anybody's business besides Bubba and Hillary. Yeah. Of course not. So we had a spent $18 on $47 million by the way they spent. That's rounded off to a nice 50 million. So let me say it again. John Chafey, Rhode Island Senator dead at the age of 77, a heart failure. He was Governor three times of Rhode Island. He was in the Senate for 23 years. He died. Now he was an old guy, you know, 77. That's maybe old enough, maybe not. But he's dead. That's his with his death, nobody in the lost of front of the Everglades. More of a few moderate Republicans left. Not one of those polling right wing miniex. That's on page three, eh. But on page one, eh, ghostly air tragedy. Now see, this was a major story. But primarily for one reason. And that was that here was this pilotless plane floating along up there in the sky. Even though of course it was only a small plane, a little jet and that wasn't like you're, you know, 747 or an airbuss or, you know, any big commercial jet. But nevertheless, it could have landed anywhere. Could have crashed into a populated area. And it would have hurt. And it muttered her somebody. That's right. What had hurt bad. It wouldn't have hurt them because they were already dead on the plane. That's why the Pentagon was involved. And that's why they were up there waiting to see if they were going to get orders from El Presidente to have to shoot it down, depending on where the thing was going to crash. Which isn't it amazing? Maybe God must have been looking. He wasn't looking after the people in the plane. But he was looking after the people on the ground. Well, you know, he can't do everything. But out there in the wilderness, not even an Aberdeen South Dakota, but like out west of the city, you know, the middle of the Yenem spell. God said, let it land in Yenem's belt. And, poof, it landed in Yenem's belt. Yeah. Crashed right into the ground. In a nice soft mushy ground too. So it just went right down in there. So it didn't go splattering all over the place. And possibly hurt anybody, even the cows. Nice going, God. Thank you. But so that was the big part of the story. Was it a big part of the story that was painstewed? I mean, low. I, I hate to break the news here. And I want to sound insensitive because like I said before, it's a tragedy when anybody dies, especially somebody as young as he was. But unless you were a golfing person, I mean, I know who he was. Only because you get inflicted with the names of golfers all the time, because this crap is on TV and, certainly, George had no idea who he was. My brain filter works perfectly. How do you like that? I bet you there are a lot of people in this audience who never heard a painstew it into yesterday. Of course, there are a lot of people in this audience also never heard a John Chaffey. Who? Yeah, right. What was his head to cat? Age. Old age. 77, I think. I mean, like I said, I want to sound insensitive, but what's the big deal here? This reminds me of Princess Diana and mother, it's sister Teresa. Whatever her name was, mother, sister, she was a mother. You know, they die on the same weekend. Mother Teresa, who's a ring of up old bag, she gets like 15 seconds there on CNN. On headline news, maybe, with Lin Russell. Princess Diana, oh my god, it's going on and on and on and on and on and on for months. It's still going on. There's still not going to try to come about Diana. Anybody talking about mother Teresa anymore? No. No. Who allegedly was doing all these good things, you know, like preventing people from having abortions, enforcing people to reproduce like cockroaches, things like that. But at least she thought she was doing good stuff. But she was a wrinkled up old bag, kind of like Senator Chaffey from Rhode Island. Who's a wrinkled up old guy, 77? Probably didn't play too much golf anymore. So here's a guy to play golf. He gets killed in a plane crash and like just like with JFK, Jr. The other four and maybe other five, they're not really sure about this Bruce Bolland, who was a golf court designer for Jack Nicholas. I'm not really sure if they figured out yet if he was on a plane or not. But so the other people that were on a plane, they're also dead. Am I correct about that? Including the palace? Anybody talking about them? No, because they didn't play golf. They weren't golf champions and they didn't were knickers. That's probably the most important part is they didn't wear knickers. Now seriously, if I were to tell you that a guy who wore knickers got killed in a plane crash yesterday, and didn't tell you the name, what would be your first impression? Knicker lover. Right, exactly. In addition to which, here's a guy whose final words were, No, I just want to eat the house, then all of that. All of that, so Americans, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them, all of them. Come see, we are Chinese too. There you go, we have a sense of humor. By the way, how about some sperm donors out there? We're going to guys want to donate some sperm? Come on, here we go. Scored, scored at any internet. Auction of all very eggs on internet ignites firestorm. And of course these are beautiful. I'm looking at the one. She's beautiful. I'm looking at Jesus Christ. Did you see these pictures? Two out of the three that they have pictured on here. Oh, my gut. I look like good times store hookers. I'm sure it's just a bad photo. No, it's not. The one in the middle, she's pretty hot, but the other two. Good. God. The one on the right looks like Rosanna on a bad day. And she wants to sell her eggs. Chicken little could sell those eggs, but are in this bitch. Anyway, on the internet, they're off-shining off over an eggs. The idea being, and from 15 to 150 grand by the way, for the privilege. And they say if people want to spend 150 grand for the eggs of a gorgeous woman with an IQ of minus 10, then there you go. That's what the fertility experts are saying. That's up to you. Now, let me ask you, are they are any brilliant people donating their eggs? You know, people with a brain? People like to introduce something? No, it's only important that your kids look beautiful. They can be dumb or done sawdust, but it's important that they look great. What do you say about that? Oh, right. Yeah. We like good-looking people. We don't care about smart people. We don't admire smart people. We don't encourage smart people. We like beautiful people. And I'll echo that. I like beautiful people. Young and dumb and full of fun. Yeah, that's what I always say. Here's a mobile-in-for-laterdale, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. How are you doing, buddy? Okay. I want to talk to you about that few rows thing, man. Yeah. Think that a child is in a jerk, man. You think what? I think that a child is in an interview with an asshole. Some journalists, I thought it was Jim Gray who interviewed him. You said journalists. Oh, I got a reporter from CVS, and we're going to go. From NBC, the asshole. Yeah. He's not a journalist, he's an asshole. I think it's okay to smoke crack, but it's not good if you get a better couple of books. I mean, hey. Right. You know, you can go to the Hall of Fame if you smoke some crack. Yeah. But don't let the kids start trading their baseball cards because they might get expelled from school. And don't forget about beaten up your pregnant wife or girlfriend to that. Exactly. That's all right. Okay, have a great day. So there's a guy who was touching around the edges of it. Was that the journalists from CVS? Was that who went? No, he's close. He's warm. See, this town will catch up. They'll get the information about a week and then they'll be talking about a week. At least expect it to be all foaming at the mouth. 560, 50560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. America was pissed off and fired up. The calls were pouring into NBC to the local affiliates to the network. All over the goddamn country. And what's this town got to say about it just like the usually just like the painstower depth yesterday. Eeeeh! That's what they got to say about nothing. Well, Hank, you're very intelligent. What are your thoughts? Share with us your some perspective on the death of painstower. Oh, yeah. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, you know, I just wanted to get your take on me. I'm not as much state a Joaquin game at Neil. What can I do for you, sir? What's your take on it? What can I do for you, sir? That's it. I just want to get your take. Okay, take this. Take two in college in the morning. Okay, pretty weak. 567. Are we on the year today or what? Not on the year? 560, 50560. And by the way, where the hell is Maddie Bell? He's an asshole. Where the hell are the real ratings from yesterday? Where's all the stuff that I'm supposed to get here? When the rating book comes out. We kicked ass here in midday. Oh, morning and afternoon. What a kick to ask you said they got all the commercials. Nobody's listening more than five minutes a week. What a kick to reassess. And Maddie Bell, he goes out to lunch when ratings come in. And our program directors going around the other day. Eeeey. I want to guide them numbers in quarry minds. Want to know about that. Minus Q will number and he has to know with the babbling bro. I want to know about laughing. Did they show up at all? Here it is. 10 30 the next morning. And do I still have the stuff? No. Only here at 2 AM. God, this place is unbelievable. Jim Mandage talks more. Oh, right. And right here. I'm sports radio five six. You eight. All right. Okay. In blow. The American Cheesecast will remind you that everything takes better with cheese. I hate broccoli. Except when my mom now cheddar cheese on top. Then I even ask for seconds. Yes, there's nothing like cheese. It makes things taste terrific. I'm a sideshow geek in a circus and I ground glass for a living. My secret. I top the shards with grated Parmesan. It tastes great. And the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right. Nothing. Top things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese. My husband likes me to, you know, do him. But I hate the taste. So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese. It goes down easy. It's not makes it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So, whatever. Don't forget for cheese. What is it? 1231 already? 1031 is 560 WCM. They're still hot in the Chinese about the automatic advance or emergency pressure. About the alert jet on CNN on and on. Hour after hour. At the risk of starting in 10 to the for the 20 million. Time. Let me say it again. I'm not moved. I'm not. I have no feelings about the death of painstores. Do you have any feelings about the death of painstores, by the way? I think that Chinese impersonation was really pretty funny. No, I'm serious. It doesn't phase me. It said when anybody dies. It was an accident. It was tragic. But how about the other people who died on it? It weren't famous golfers. See, this goes back again to something that I keep preaching and preaching in your life. Anybody out there. Your life is just as valuable. It's Princess Diana. JFK Junior. Painstore. Anybody. Oh, no. We're not famous. Oh, so if your famous your life is worth more. And some shrunk. Like the people that got electrocuted in that hurricane Irene. Seven of them, by the way. Tom Jickus says it was just some heavy rain. Immediately to great job here. And as usual, Tom, you're full of crap. Here in a business section, Irene's told us to made it at $600 million. Crop damages extensive. $600 million. Over a million people were without power for some for a lot more than a day. And Tom Jickus says, Oh, it's just some heavy rain. Immediately to wonderful job. What are you all worried about? They did a crappy job. In fact, here's a letter to the editor in the Sun Center this morning. It says it was obvious by 10 or 11 a.m. on October 15. That hurricane Irene was coming our way or released a lot closer than anticipated. Because of no hurricane warning being posted. Many employers would not let their employees go home. Nifey and say is employed by UPS. They kept them delivering in that hurricane. One of the four cases of the National Hurricane Center said that they were not going to put up the hurricane warning because of what only confused people. We've had two close calls this year. Floyd and Harvey, we were prepared. This time we got a storm and no one was prepared. Not because of the complacency on the public's part. But because the National Hurricane Center did not change the watch to warning. Says, Jeannie Sanders and Hollywood. Nice going, Jee. Junine, whatever your name is, nice going honey. Can tomorrow's though in a Harold writes a letter to be edited this morning. Short and right to the point. This is excellent. Maybe one of the all-time best letters ever written. It says if our city county state and National politicians were more concerned with what was going on in Miami and Miami did county. Instead of what's going on in Havana, we'd all be better off. Don't a third world city in a third world county deserve a third world world airport. Nice going, Ken. And the answer by the way. Yes, they do. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Why does that? Somebody will call us today by the way and tell us why we're wrong. Why we should be very upset about the death of painstauring. And what a great guy he was. And he never stole a freight train. And what's wrong with where Nick is anyway? Here's a lady in Naples, hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. The same thing about the media is that the poor family has to have their TV off. Otherwise, I got to hear it every three minutes. Yeah. But I think that families ought to stop sending these folks people out there and feel obligated to make some kind of a statement. I'm going to tell the media to bug off. Obviously we're in mourning now. I'm going to try to do things. And if you can't figure that out, then you can be on the storm. I agree. And about Pete Rose, I'm surprised he didn't punch that guy right now. I would have loved it. And about a 90's series. What a, he was very good though. He said, well, I'm really surprised when you do it. You know, that you would ask me these questions. Yeah. So he was trying to get that over and over. I know. I know. Anyway, I wonder the FQ, my no biggest would be mobbed at New Year's. Do you think by the 7th there'd be a lot of rooms open and very gone home? Oh yeah, there's always a lot of rooms. They got so many hotels now and biggest. They're always around. And I've taken 200 hours on trip and Fort Laudon. Great. Do it. Take it. You'll love it. And when I asked that, he said, did you know that the coach is at Laira Prey's as a wife, Peter? Yes. After up. The manager Bobby Cox. Okay. And then the changes subject to hockey. Hit the park. Go to the park. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560. Well, what was she trying to say? Oh, I thought that one was an interpreter. Well, she's over in Naples. She's under a lot of pressure. A lot of gypsies over there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm embarrassed for you, people. Okay. I'm really embarrassed for you. Erie, I'm looking at the, I come in this morning. And I look at her phone. I got like two lines of little. The therapy talks station of any kind across America is inundated with people. Even people who can't stand peep. Even people who don't like baseball. Even people who care about the world's serious. Even people who like Bob Cosstis, which I can't find any of them. And they're outraged. They're just nauseated. They've fed up. They're disgusted with this. With the media's insensitivity and feeding frenzy and just a fixation on embarrassing and humiliating and degrading. Everything that it touches, bringing it down to the lowest common denominator. And here, eh, same old crap. Nothing moves these people. Nothing. If I try to move a goddamn mountain in the Elves with your toe. Here's a mobile and pooper city. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I'm down 25 pounds on the AT&T. Thank you sir. Great. Exactly. I wanted to talk to you. I'm tuned in very late about half time with that boring football game last night. You know how it anybody watches that? I tuned in. How could anybody watch the Falcons in the Stealer of the Falcons? And by the way, another great game, 13 to 9, by the way. Exactly. There's at half time they start showing a United Way commercial. Yeah. And who's talking in the background about family and how much he does for his community. And how much he loves his family? Who's that? Raid you cannon. The same Raid you cannon that was the red to down here for picking up a $20 war. Yeah. From the Falcons. For the Falcons. Who gives the crap about Raid you cannon or painstew it? Or Pete Rose. Then why were you watching that game? I just, I don't get anybody. How could anybody be that bored that they be watching do that game? I don't get any channels on the dish. That's all I was doing. Don't do it again. Listen, one last thing. I know you know the answer. And it's father and me. I think it was like 1975 in an all-star game where Pete Rose ended a guy's career. The catcher. What was his name? When he smashed into a line? Was he Raid Fossie? That's it. You're the best. Have a great day. Thanks. Raid Fossie. What was he gene Robinson by the way? Yeah. I didn't ring a bell. I mean Raid you can. I know Papu can. It was right. You gene. So here's a guy that told me how boring the game was and he doesn't watch it anyway. But he happened to be channel surfing and doesn't even have the name right. I'm sitting here like, who the hell is he talking about? It was you gene man from the Falcons on the eve of the Super Bowl. Oh, like I said, how is it possible to have a sports station in this market? Would be like having an all-is-really station in the middle of Nigger Rio in Africa. I just, I don't understand it. I mean it doesn't make people bad the fact that they know what to do about sports. It just makes them less dimensional, I guess. You know, that's a kind of way to put it. What do you say, Papu can and picked up a hooker in Miami? Is that what he said? Yeah. And she turned him down? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What you're very knowledgeable. George, you know a lot about life. What do your thoughts? I don't think Nick was going to appropriate fashion statement for this day in ancient. Now let me ask you, I thought he was Irish. Isn't that a Scottish thing? I mean, I realized that the Scottish invented golf. Was he Scottish? Well, it's fired out. There you go. 21 before 11 at 5, 60, WQS. Tonight, you hear it. Or fact, radio tell you who you are. Just that, go shit. Kuku, baby, let's turn this mother out. Top, match rapper is on my TV. No one heard of him before all the name is pop daddy. I said that, pop the match of rapper. I'll be here that long. Not a lesson, learn to sing not right up against song. I said, pop the match of rapper is all over MPB. Only because of one shut-lo-forious B.I.G. That's not how I made peace of oneself. And making it this way and wrong. It's not your dead best friends. The King, what's wrong? Stoke, dog, dog, dog, dog. 10, 24, 5, 60, WQS. Pop Lincoln, fact. I think I'm a good close person. Pop Lincoln, because he keeps sending me those hotel books four times a year for free. So, just got a facts from America worst. America worst. Rome is still available. 50% off New Year's, 99 in Vegas. I'm assuming he needs New Year's, 2000 or whatever it is. Why, 2K? 50% off. I don't know because a lot of people naturally are terrified. They don't want to go anywhere on that because they're afraid they're going to go up through and do a painstool in the sky. Because aren't all of your planes like hooked into computers? I mean, when you turn on the ignition, aren't they hooked into computers? No. And I think I'm like follow up on the sky. No. On New Year's, even stuff. It's a same computer you got in your car. Yeah, probably. That's right. Maybe the steering column a lock. Oh, by the way, got my car for yesterday. Thank you. And thank the 50 million people I called my girlfriend Greg Nelson over there. Yeah, he calls me home yesterday. I've had 45 million people call and say you're all upset about the vet and what can I do for you. And I said, don't worry about it, Greg. I had a tote up the street here. They took care of it. They replaced the steering column lock. I got it back. It drove all the way from there to my house to miles. Do I have it today? No. I don't want to hang on to push my lock, okay? You get a new part in there. It's going to like ease itself in. It's got a break in. I don't want to push my lock this year. Maybe next year. Maybe for why 2K I'll drive that one. We got 600 open line. Yeah, every day the same thing here. I think if they can just load us up with spots like the morning show, I can play music. Oh, by the way, speaking of music, bulletin. Spireport, power 96 yesterday. Bravo wall stars. Thanks to me and they're saying, oh, it's another kid curry discovery. Yeah. That's okay. Now we're even for the back two boys tickets. Okay, kid pops whatever your name is. See what I don't understand. I just our program director just came in here with that usual with it with another schedule. He's putting these schedules in like do I care about these schedules? No, no, there's anybody care about it. Oh, really. When you come right now, it went to the same old stuff or here every day. But that's his big thing. It's the, you know, make make a busy work kind of thing for our program director. And I said, do what's this story on these ratings? I mean, I don't get it. It's now almost 11 o'clock in the morning. The day it's like 24 hours later. Anyone. Like that. See, they're right. They don't speak the language at all at all. They don't speak the language of broadcasting. Like the ratings came in. Aren't you people concerned that you're software, you're hardware, you're in between where you're underwear. It didn't work. Aren't you concerned about that? No. I mean, don't you want to make a little bit ever have somebody get them all together, which we'd like to have them here on a year. Especially acquiring minds. We've been building up to this moment. They want to know that big number on wins three to seven in the afternoon. They want to know about very jackasses favored Waffen that had 45 front page stories in the hero that promote them up. Waffen did they show up anywhere? And I can't give it to my audience out there. They want this information. They don't give a crap about painstores about P-Rose about Jim Gray. They don't care about it any of that stuff. Do they? No. They want to know a broke out like a point to zero zero zero zero zero zero zero. That's what they want to know because they're much as say this like me. We'd like this year to point to minus something. Miner. First time in history of arbitrage minus in front of the number of minus 82 for that bitch. That effing bitch. Can't get the number. He's a well, maybe you'll have to go over to Kusen when I'm off. Oh, don't do that. Don't put somebody all the trouble to do that. I'm sure somebody over there like Bob McKaweb is bad. Wait, I'm sure he could probably get on it and the guy named Fax two. Fax is over the right stuff. Well, we got this, you know, we got a little bit here. Why should we go beyond that? Why should we make an effort? See, that's what gets me about this place. Why should we actually make an effort? Why you such a prick that you want to force us to do something? That's why in sputty or gigantic numbers. You know, Greg reaches to me yesterday. I go and after the show to take a leak. And I hear somebody is in one of the, I thought it was you. I thought it was you. I thought it was you always taking crafts in there. That thought it might have been George. But then I thought that's not George. Somebody's making like a lot of those bulk of Brian noises. You know, in there. I don't know if he's not really quiet. No, I know. Well, somebody was not quiet. I don't know what he was doing in there. He's side that. But in any way. So I finished taking my leak and before I can get out of there, the door opens from the, from the, from the turlet and outsprings, Greg read our fearless leader. How do you like that? And he's going to, Eeeeh. Oh, great book now. Did he come in here? Because he assumed, of course, I've left by this time. In fact, maybe that's where he was hiding out until the coast was clear. He's looking at his watch to see it's about 205, 210. Coast is clear. The fact is gone. Now I can walk around a building. I don't have to congratulate him on a great book while the rest of us went in the, I think because of our 85 minutes spot breaks. And he came up with one of the most incredible lines that I've ever heard in my life. He says to me, you know, people think it's easy to get ratings. He says until we brought you over here, we didn't have any ratings. And I thought to myself, gee, if that's the case, how come I have to have a nervous breakdown and threaten to walk out for you to do anything in that studio? When does that goddamn 800 line come in? Why is it that every time we ask for anything, no matter how inexpensive it might be? It requires like a major. We have to have meetings. The lawyers have to get on a phone back and forth. But we didn't have any numbers over here till we brought you over here, and you know, those are the boards from our thermos leader after he said, eeeeh, that. And I thought to myself, gee, you sure have a strange way of showing it. Just like our program director. See, that's one thing in the other stations. You can say what you want about boy Gary and about Steve Nickel. He's an asshole. Well, you can say that. But when the ratings came out, if they had a stand on their head, because it's part of the program. Not only for the audiences sake and for my sake, but everybody in the business to insiniv under ratings conduct, because this is the only place where they're fine out how they're doing. Their management stock got to tell them, oh, by the way, speaking of how they're doing, I go and hold me yesterday, Hank was into a commercial break after that brilliant call, by the way. Oh, you know a lot about sports, you're very knowledgeable. Hank, what are your thoughts about paying stored in this terrible tragedy? After that brilliant call, Hank blowing that guy off right till he's so, so they go into a commercial break. I figure I got about 10 minutes now. So I flip over to us, Meg Moradio, Meg, my FM 103.5. And just as somebody predicted yesterday, they're playing, oh, if you got it on there. Oh, I don't think I have actually, I mean, you're playing, you're playing, you're playing, you're playing. You're reunited by peaches in her. Oh, my God. Peaches and squirms. And this station is getting a freaking number in this market. They're number one and men 25 to 50, 40 after them. And they're number two behind my action in midday. They must, they must have given diaries to every flag in the market here to get this one using. Get out of here with this crap. We are family, baby, with two bees. Jesus, crap. I mean, it was okay, and it's time. And once in a great while, I like hearing some of that stuff again. Once in a while. But a steady diet of that crap. Oh, my God. That's, I guarantee more effective than the actions. You'd be two can your guts all day here in that. And all of a sudden, this meteor, first time clear channels ever done anything in this market with even a minimally impact. Rick and so, it vanished from the landscape. It disappeared. The psychotic bitch, Jesus, although we can't even get enough pages to find her number. It's probably the birds you got, or why she's on my back pages somewhere there. Can't find a goddamn thing. But finally, they hit the jackpot with disco. I'm sorry, I'm not fine. I'm not believe it. Oh, pain. I was going to do a good thing there, and you scoop me up on it. Rick, here's Carl Spring, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, just a little word of warning to the woman going to Vegas. She did say she was flying America West. Oh, did you say that? Yeah, you know, you were kind of talking about it. You were kind of talking over at the end. When you said, oh, go for it, baby. Good luck. You said, like, yeah, America West, I'm like, oh, geez. The worst. The American worst they are. The absolute worst. They make American Airlines seem fantastic. As far as the rape you can and guy, I mean, not only did he get that wrong, is the guy been using Robinson. But geez, I mean, rape watches career didn't end because I mean, he was never the same play. But he still kept on playing. The things that he was trying to enjoy, rose or playing, tell Facebook on bone them over at the plate. Hey, do you have any, yeah, I don't know what that was supposed to prove. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, remember, like it was yesterday, they showed us it we made in times he stood in an octagon flying. Yeah, and I am, and what's the big deal with that? That he was a hard-nosed piece of crap. That was the way he played again. I've got to have him to pee off the like four times on the brave series. Right. And you have the sports page in front of you, the front panel. Yes. Or a section. All right. You got to go to two cage two feet right inside of the. Yes, sir. Middle up toward the bottom is his boxing, Tyson's North Perth remains in limbo. Right. Tyson's purse. It's a pink one too, I understand. You go all the way down to the last paragraph and look at the name. It says meanwhile, a sexual battery lawsuit has been settled out of court. Lately, why two said he's superior court. One word. Lately, why two said, J.E. J.E. Superior court complaining against Tyson was scheduled to go to trial, but party settle a matter last Friday. A sexual battery lawsuit against the female photographer named Lady Watusa G. All right. How you been doing, Lady Watusa? And I'll never understand. There are still fans, Tyson fans out there that will stand by this guy. That is correct. The second coming, you know, I, the guy, that he lost his title in 90. So that's not. He just, he's a scumbag. Forget about losing the panel. I, the scumbag that keeps putting on all these shams in these scams. And people keep paying to watch this crap. And it's a, I mean, I mean, I happen to have show time. I've got the small vision that's part of the package. So I turned it on because I'm not spending any extra money to watch it. And it was like, I don't think it's unbelievable that this stuff happens. I mean, how come on the interview Mike Tyson as a literary z. Is nobody gets up in front of him and says, hey, Mike, you're tied to being a scumbag and doing all of these grotesque barbaric, unacceptable things. How come nobody ever says that they're him? Jim Gray wasn't around. Oh, yeah, that's right. But you got warned. I, you know, something I'd like to see Jim Gray do that. Tyson and T. Tyson just knock his head off. Well, you got warned by the official during the round about hitting on the break. And the official said no more Mike, you're going to lose the point. And it's right enough at the end of the round. I mean, I quit the Tyson fan for like, a rate of fans. You know, the team doesn't have anything to 15 years to fill. Very side people. Okay, pal. Thanks, I have a great thing. How's the Eugene Roberts I mean, or maybe can't do it? You know, the guy kept saying, and I'm sitting here like, what, you know, what is he talking about? Who's that? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, while I was slimy, got 400 open lines here again today. No waiting. Here's South Miami. Hello. South Miami. Yeah, South Miami. Yes, sir. Yes, nobody brought up the little fact. Just think about the, uh, National Outcry from all the rich golfers. If the plane had been going towards a large city and they had to shoot a down. Yeah. Oh, yeah. We were talking about that before the show started this morning. We would have never sprayed down. How come they have been going there in a rescue? I mean, all. Yeah, they wouldn't know if they were dead at the time. They would have just said, oh, they're, they murdered them. And can you imagine everything that would have been going on? Yeah. I mean, even though they were dead, how dare they shoot them down. Exactly. That's all. I mean, are you upset that painstower does that? Doesn't bother me. Okay. Thank you. I mean, you know, I'm not doing this for the purpose of being insensitive, but I just don't understand why this is such a major story. Why it's on the front page? Why we've had about 24 hours of continuous coverage about this. I don't get it. He was a golf guy. And a good one. Okay. But, uh, how about if he would have been a bad one? How about if he would have been a golf guy that wasn't quite so famous? The media, see, it used to be like, well, you know, we don't always, it's a chicken in the egg. It's the media, you know, molding public opinion, or they just reflected. That argument is law. That's long since over with. Okay. The media drags the public around like a bunch of sheep by the nose. Oh, this is very important. You better pay attention to this. Why? Because we said so. Oh, okay. You're right. He was real important. What was in there? Four minutes before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. Hey, Captain, nose the scores. Learning a hand of a last 10 in. We've done only on sports radio 5. 6, 2, 8, and. WQM. My heavy, good body dance. We're on a two-way trip. We're on a two-way trip. We're on a two-way trip. We're on that back and back, all the gears. Come on, we'll see how it goes for. These are my kind of guys. What the hell are they doing anyway? If a man we down to die, really, James, I want more to support. Good point, real high. Whoooo! When I listen to this sport, I mainly boys won't get my attention. But we'll really get to admit to this, George. Let's bring you high boys who'll get the other action. Well, I hate to listen to it on QA, but that dragon back on again. I'm going to miss here and straight in with boys from this high. Now I'll have to get deeper as I continue in. So I'm going to press all the macho friends. Check out Chris Morey's eye to help a player decide. Yeah, there ain't nothing like that. The macho sports guys, as boys has some practice. They were 12 years old. Yeah, and I learned that. Yes, then, I'll be close to the radio and press the sound. And there's lots of stuff out there, really mixed my balls. Morey, and that girl, man. He's smarter than my, he's a retro. Yep, yeah, yeah. It's 11.025. Maybe they can get more and more on laughing. Maybe they'll get number with that. No, so here's the big thing in the hero this morning about Barry Jackass. Barry's beginning his fifth season. I heard it guilty. I've prevented lady about this this morning. That's going guilty. Beginning his fifth season covering the hidden, including a second his primary beat writer. Underlined the beat part, a former adjunct professor about the University of Miami. Oh, God. Oh, the pain is so great. I think the last gallon of flem is on the way out now. Oh, my, God. He also covers broadcast sports for the Harold and two national publications. He has broken dozens of stories over the past few years, including John Henry's Biddy by the Marlins. It leaves out the part about Don Smiley, Barney Marlins. I was on a front page 500 days in Rhode Island. I left that out. Oh, yeah. The renaming of Joe Rodriguez State, in the warding of MLS and WNBAT teams to Miami, several heat stories, and virtually every major local sports broadcasting story. Like the Elijah's in Asseline doesn't carry all those press conferences, even though the station never had any numbers until they put him on the air. What's the story with these numbers now? He's going to go over to kiss and get some. Why does he have to go over there? He might keep nobody over there. Why can't Bob McHade do it? He is going to do it with their finish and their music. We're getting it. We're getting it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. They're finishing their music log. Bob McHade's dropping a little ball of ball over there now. How do they do by the way? They have any number? No, I never even look at them. Not usually before share. They always have the same goddamn number, because it's the same those pickers. It wasn't like the shot kick in music yet. How do they do? How do they do? How do they do? How do they do? How do they do? I'm just guessing three five. It's all the three five. I don't know. Oh, my god. A five point. What? That's in men. Men 25, 54 midday. They're number seven, baby. Drop in from number four with the same number. I don't get that. I don't understand that. But nevertheless, they're kicking some serious. They're shot kick in some serious ass. But they're at kiss. They're working on the music log. So, Bob has to go over there and do it. And has to open up the door to tell us. I'm going to go over there and get them. I'm doing something for you guys. See this? I'm doing something. Yeah. Is he doing something? No. He's not going to make it up to the stupid schedule. No. So, very jackass who hasn't covered by the way anything that has to do with this radio station. It was busy running that front page stuff and it had all about laughing. A station that nobody can hear and nobody listens to. They left that out again. Didn't they? No. They left it out. Expoblessists for Baptist given 21 months in prison. Right. Tampa, a former publicist for the National Baptist Convention USA, was sentenced on Monday to 21 months in prison for failing to pay taxes on more than a half a million dollars she received while working for the group. Bernice Edwards 42, also must pay a hundred nine grand of the IRS and serve three years of supervised release. Edwards sawed the nasty West District Judge Henry Lee Adams for leniency because she's a single mother to four children including an infant. Oh my god, those two words are reverberating through my aching brain. Four is a Baptist's novelization. Huh? What if the Baptist knew about that before they hired? Four is a serialization single mother of four including an infant. I'm very remorseful of the action that I've played at two and take full responsibility to set on how we can make it. Edwards have been lucky faced up to ten years in prison and a half a million dollars in fines. The judge ordered that Edwards undergo mental health treatment and not open any new bank accounts or have any open in her name. Edwards was co-defended in the trial of Reverend Henry Lyons 57, a former director of the Baptist Convention now in prison for him bezeling four a million dollars from companies doing business with the organization. All right. Those good old Baptists who are busy trying to tell everybody else that they're going to hell. I'm back to those Baptists are going to hell. What do you think? Yeah. Can we have anybody by the way calling tell us why pain store was important yet now? Five out of five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line. Here's my email. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. That's pocket change compared to what Trinity took ten and a week. Oh, I know that. Oh, he's got a lot of transmitters to put up. My license is to pay people off for it. A lot of transmitters to put up. I guy called you yesterday. It was my father. He works for GM. Specifically works on technicians and steering columns. Yeah. Come on you to about disconnect in the battery. Right. I talked to them last night and he wanted me to give you a message when you get your car back. I got a fact. You got a back. Uh, did they tell you what they did to it? He said if they didn't input them replace the ignition switch and the steering column off, if you'll have the same column over. They replaced the steering column lock but not the ignition switch. Well, they said more likely you have the same column over and over. Are you serious? I'm serious. Are you sure? I'm positive. If he's listening to you for three years. What are you? That's what he does for a living. I'm going to have that problem again. That's what he said. If they didn't replace both items. Oh. I can leave my number with George and you can talk to him personally. But that's why I don't want to talk to him. He didn't depress that thought it was all done with this crap. And he said if your car messes up three times the same column, you can't, they can't. They do have to give you a money back when you're in the car. Yeah, but I haven't taken it in. This is the first time I took it in. Oh, the first time. The show is how stupid I am. Uh, because I have seen it a little never happened again. I don't want to scare you. But here's what he told me to tell you. Yeah. It hasn't happened yet. He says there's a possibility you could be going down a highway. I'm not highway. Yeah. And that's during column could lock up. Really? Yes. Because you're having that problem. He said it. Yeah. Yeah. So he wanted to know that because we want to, I'm getting rid of it. I'm not going to, the last next time I drive it, I'm going to drive it up there. Go back on, I'm getting you a 2000. I'm going to get rid of that thing. Yeah. Well, it is a birthday next week. The same is yours. Yeah. I want to tell him that. I'll be birthday. And I was going to send you a magnifying glass for you. I'm going to find real numbers. Well, if I had the pages here to find it on, I'd have it for him. But our program director is on his way over to Kiss Right now to kiss it. Sorry, Neil. Thanks for the band. Thanks for the warning. I'm getting rid of it. Thank you. That convinced me. Just like when the tow truck driver showed up there at the GANS station, Amical on Sunday night. And I pulled up over there in my blue of hat. And I said to him, I said, you see, I always pay to have a spare when you got a Corvette. And he looked at me and he kind of went like that. Pretty good guy. 560, 560, pound 560. On the AT and T wireless line. So yes. By the way, pizza locked in I'd six day to clock. We'll have the best of Neil and all that stuff. The CD, the cassette and those keychain buttons. Yes. My best close personal friend Bob McKay called and said he's going to infect over what he has already printed up right now. Yeah. As soon as he's done with that log, which is what's tying up their computer and printer. Yeah. They'll print out a bunch more stuff. Whatever they have. Yeah. So why is that locked out of gover? They're just in the middle of like he doesn't want to go today. He's not looking at nothing else going on. Why? No, I know you don't want to say anything because he's listening to the car right now. And he's probably, you know, cheering up a little bit of my saying this. No, he's like, I liked that. He's a good guy. That personal, it's business. He just, uh, useless. That's no, that's bad. Is that a bad word? You said that was being exaggeration. Would that be a bad word? Useless. I'm not going to stand for that for five 60, W. W. There's nothing wrong with that. I'm going to stand for that for five 60, W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. I'm gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who's gonna be the one who I want you The one with the bullets. Now that we're shooting waiting, continue at the morning and the afternoon, are being purchased tremendously by the horrendous formatics and those long, long commercial breaks. And even though they're cumous and crazy, which means we have more people listening, their average quarter hour share is falling dramatically, both in the morning and Hank show, because the length of the listenership is windling, because people can only endure so many of those 10 and 13 minutes breaks. You think that we can expect to go toe to toe with Greg Reed and the win on this? On behalf of the telephoto. You think he's going toe to toe and Greg on it? Oh, come on. Just do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We've had 70. It's been pretty quiet week here this week after the last three weeks have been smoldering this week. We've got to come down a little bit. Okay, don't overdo it. And what are we getting that eight hundred line in by the way? Yeah, I know. So this week's our time to discover this. Well the garage is getting the music on power 96. That's what I hear. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He would know the goddamn marble all stars that they come in here and each stuck their finger with his back dome. I like it though. We tell you a lot of that on a squeak. 5, 6, all of a sudden you did have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and huge boobs and pump 5, 60 on the AT&T waters line. That's what the kid said. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, and there. Yes, sir. Call on about paying Stewart. Yes? Very upset. And you want to know why he's an important guy? Okay. One not only a great golfer. Yeah. Two a great family man. Uh huh. Three a born again Christian. Most important one. Definitely. Oh, why is that? Why? Because, you know, if AC is like you dying and playing crash, I'm being really tears. But how about if he would have been Jewish with that? I've been okay or Catholic. Ah, wouldn't have been okay man. Okay. Thank you. Okay. That's good. I think that's everything we need to know right there in the nutshell. Isn't it? Right there. He doesn't have it. We should be celebrating. Oh, no. That's what they said. They said he's with the Lord now. That's what his spokesman said. The Bill Curry Jr. What are the guys? And we said, we, you know, he's in a better place. Robert is handicapped is up there. Oh, no body. 560, 70, oh, I'll turn to play golf without a body. 560, 70, 50, 50, 50, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T while I was lying. There you go from one of those good born again. Christians, baby. That's the most important part. He was born again. That's why I said. If it's an atheist or a Jew or some Catholic, or a Buddhist or Hindu, they don't give a crap if you croak. But if you're a good born again, Christian, it could tell just by what he said there. Speak for itself. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. I'm just going to tell you why he was a great guy. He was a great guy. Yeah, he was. He, after a couple tournaments that he won in Orlando, I think I believe it's father died in cancer. Yeah. And after he won two tournaments, I think the person was, I think, 450,000 for each he, to ball that money and keep paying for himself and donated to the cancer society. And I think what gets lost in the whole fact is two weeks ago, I believe it was, the media crucified him for what he said. I think he made a comment about the Chinese. Right. Yeah. And I think everybody did that kind of shove their lip right now. I mean, when he said, I just want to tell us to know that all of the American government on the one of them, we are Chinese too. There you go. You mean that? Yeah. Yeah. And I think we're also getting lost in the fact that there was five other people on that plane who nobody kind of. Well, let me ask you this. You remember the seven people that got electrocuted here in town because of Hurricane Irene and they walked in the water and they had their Belmohar line. Can you name me any of those people? Yeah, I couldn't. Can you think anybody in this audience could name me any of that? I couldn't name you in those people. And you know something maybe they were pretty nice people to some of our kids. They were like three kids in that one family and they were all dead. They might have been a real nice kids for all. We know. Does anybody know who they weren't? No. No. See, this idea that because somebody famous died, somebody who was a golfer, I mean, he didn't change, you know, I'm sure he was a very nice guy from everything I'm here but he didn't change the course of human events. You know, here's John Shafi, even though he was an old guy. He was a governor three times. He was the senator for 20 years from Rhode Island and nobody even knows who the hell he is. Right. What's wrong with America, sir? Right. And I don't know if you know who the agent who was also on board who represents some big name, athletes including a couple coaches. I think Bill Taro was one of his clients for the Pittsburgh Steelers. I don't know if that gets mentioned to much. He was also on the point. Well, I haven't heard a word about it. Yeah. So I like that. I guess maybe he wasn't a good guy. I guess not. All right. Next talk. You can have a great day, pal. Thank you. Yeah. Just because somebody is a celebrity doesn't make their life more meaningful than yours. Oh, my God. There's another one of those crazy things you keep saying, Neil, you keep saying stuff like that. You're going to burn in hell. Just because you were a celebrity. I mean, famous, I mean, if it's a famous world leader who affects like millions or billions of people's lives, then okay, of course, it's a tremendous news story. You know, when what's his name when King Hussein died, of course, we knew he was dying anyway. He was doing like a Hubert Humphrey with his public dying with cancer. But when he died and by most accounts, he was a pretty good guy, especially in a part of the world where we have a lot of crazy people, a lot of extreme. He was a moderate guy. Never stole a freight train. Never stole any halivas with they tell me. And there wasn't anywhere near the Simis if you've pardoned that expression when he died as there was with painstoward died. Do you think if you went out there to the day land right now? And you asked 100 people just at random who was King Hussein of Jordan? And they would look at you and you know, and the probably would go, like that. And day land, that's not fair. How about the song right? Oh, that same difference. Is there any place left down here? Oh, no. Like I said, who went out of homestead? King Hussein, what's that? What's that? That a candy bar? Here's a collar in Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. Hello? Yes, sir. Help me hold guard. I'm an old Koodle in Miami Beach. That's what it says here. Old Koodle in Miami Beach. That's exactly what it says. I was serving last night and I saw a couple of you were serving in Miami Beach. And old Koodle's serving. That's why we like it. And I saw a couple of comments from this guy. Great. So I think that he thought his questions were timely and perfect. Yeah. Well, he's full of crap. Yeah, he maybe he could have been a passenger with Mr. Stewart. That would have been good. In fact, maybe he could have replaced him. Maybe so. God bless you. God bless you. And I have a round for you for you. Bye, thank you. There's a good point. Maybe he should have been on a plane. Jim Gray. OK. Is there anybody opposed to that? No. OK. Let's turn the clock back about 20, six hours. And change the passenger. Change the composition. In fact, let's just put Jim Gray under by himself. And anybody who's apologizing for him to including our let's see, who was it that wrote that it was the best interview we ever saw in his life some asshole. Murray Chass, baseball writer for the New York Times, the best TV interview he's ever seen. Murray, you should rotten hell with Jim Gray. OK. You should've been up there and had God damn plane on that clear alert jet. That's right. But most of the critics really ripped him in ass. Bob Raceman of the New York Daily News that it was a case of a reporter trying to become the moment and make himself bigger than the game. Phil Mushnik of the post called it a mugging. And the overwhelming majority of people in the half a brain said to you, OK. Of course, Jim Dowdy, investigator who's 89 investigation led to the ban and that famous dog report, said Gray had more guts than they got I've ever seen. I mean, here's the guy that they bring in finally after 10 years they say, OK, we know everybody the fans love it. But that we have to be good to issues where against gambling because it makes us look like a bunch of crooks, which most of us are anyway. And to give them a big old vision and now we have to analyze the old vision. They were really, they were really cheering for the martyr Pete Rose, not for the athlete. That's what Greg Coattex writes. Anybody believe that? Oh, of course not. He was great. OK, he didn't just get 3000 hits, which is like the benchmark for the greatest baseball. But he had 4200 and some odd hits. He was a hard nose, tough plan, mean ass, impossible to get out God damn ball player, which is what it's supposed to be all about. I mean, if you're going to take all the scumbags out of sports, OK, I guess most sports end tomorrow, this station will be playing Hungarian melodies on Friday. Yeah, if you take most of the scumbags out of sports, and then freaking Daryl Strawberry, he's got the goal to open up a mouth and have an opinion on this. How comes Jim Greta walk up the Daryl Strawberry there? And the Yankee dugout and interview him and say, hey, Daryl, how many times do you think, how many more chances do you think we're going to get? You crack snorting a piece of third. You scumbag. How many more chances? Then of course, we all be sent. Nice, fine Jim, because you'd have a point. Here's a guy who had a gambling problem. Ooh, wow. I wonder what will happen if Jim Greta interviewed Ed Caplin? Huh? Talk to him about a guy with a gambling problem? Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. A couple years ago, speaking about Jim Greta, I had the unfortunate pleasure of meeting him. I came up to him. I don't know. I don't know. How are you doing? I watch MTV. I think you do a good job. He's like, yeah, yeah, thanks a lot. He walks out like he's a star. He's got a star, he's a little damn interviewer. Yeah. Come on. Did he did this? Or he just wants some say in big time, doesn't he? Big. OK, thank you. What he's saying, I wasn't paying any attention. Oh, I sure hope that Bob McKay isn't dispatching it to the same stuff that we got yesterday all over again, because that's what it looks like to me. That would be really bad, you know, and if that's what he's doing here. This place. There's just no hope, you know? There's just no hope for this joint. They just don't care. I've told you that for two years, and everybody thinks that I'm joking that I'm making it up, and it's show material, you know? Oh, that's really great show material, Neil. They just don't care. Oh, Olivia, anything that has to do with this business. I think if I stay out for a couple of months, they might start caring. Starting tomorrow, maybe. 26 after 11 at 5, 60, WQN. She takes short garrisons. I'd take four points. Oh, right. Oh, right. There's no hope. That's what I'm saying. There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope. There's no hope. Everywhere you go, Europ�le, we met with a lot of friends. There's be no hope for others'. I think we'll have a little gap between time and time. Guys, let's start start. I hear all yesterday. I hear air Sis, I heard something coming out of the same area. To ease our Black deserts in Arizona, don't worse off, let's take our Blue Jungle with the clothes. I don't have to push, I think good troll when I move inside the side of the toilet nose. I never have to spray, it comes out of holes. It looks a little like the two zeroes. I'd wait to build that, it's way to the light, for Jesus Jesus, you can get us tell you why. I don't see our burning calories, but you never notice a big red ring. That's why the red guy who sees you see Xer's eyes and the fun when they move into the bomb, move into the other two. Hey, let me out of here, you're in the man, but, oh, come on, do it! You're looking away with me? Shut up and stop it! Get out of here, shut up! I'll kill you, get out! I love it, 32 at 5, 60 WQ, I've got Hank at the cool city of day. The Booster is 6 to 8 o'clock and then we got World Series again, number 3, get it over with already, okay, please. Stop the pain. Raise at the Yankees, 8-11 tonight. And don't forget, Pizza Loaf, 6 to 8 tonight, I'll be there, Georgia will be there, Volca Brian will be there, if he can get a cab ride and a bunch of others. In fact, all you reporter ratings come by and give Georgia a bunch of cramps tonight in a bag. So anyway, I knew Bob McKay, I had a feeling Bob McKay would do this right not half fast like they do around here. He is passing the entire rough thing. And here's the first piece of information, okay. From, in the morning, 6 to 10 AM, I'm looking, he's got all the pages on here boys and girls, all the way down to stations that I haven't heard of yet, all the way down to WJNO in Palm Beach, which isn't even in this market. There are number 35, they have an average quarter hour share of, of, 0.2 is Waffen on there at all. And the guy I'm a show, he bought the farm, is he on the list? No, did he make it? No, make the cut? No. Does he show anything? No. A point one? No. Maybe you're looking too far down. Persons 25 to 54. This was those station that was on the front page that Barry Jack asked the award winning highly touted in this morning's here, Barry Jack asked, wrote a 75,000 part series on the promote weapon to see if they couldn't suck somebody audience away from us over here. Did they show up at all in a morning? No. I don't know. I'm scouring over here. I mean, here's WWF. Radio F, here's WMVM with a point nine. Here's WACC, and that's that action that was beginning to live. Whatever that is, they got a point six. The cat with their, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo. Whatever that stuff is, point five. WJNO, that's for an area. Oh, boy. Well, that's not in this market. He's got a point three. Don't buy a house in Palm Beach, Mike. I mean maybe he did go to fear. I hope we like Mike. Do we like Mike? Yes WFBA. I don't know what that is. I have no idea what that is WFBA. I'm even I got a point three Does WFAF end the fans today show up at all? No. Well, that's way to the midday numbers finish here, okay? Maybe those two great guys those two very and oh here they are right here Maybe those two very entertaining the funniest guys in the history of sports talk radio sitting the schlepple whatever they are midday Maybe they showed up in here. You think let me take a look down here Oh by the way, I don't want to mention a Rick and said number do I know huh? I mean we still are here I pick you got to I better oh Person's 25 to 54 Rick and Suds went from the spring book a two point This time they got a one point one Oh boy A one point one Okay anyway get into midday By the way persons 25 54 we went from a 5.5 to a 5.7 this is persons men and women Which of course we have no one we actually went up but we dropped from number two number four and guess who's number two? Where's that music? Yeah All right just goes back baby Only in my end only the banana republic baby this was making a gigantic comeback Kill it Thank you. Yeah, they're number two in persons 25 with a 6.3 share anybody By an at oh no they're by the audience Okay, so let's take a look and see. I'm sure that those two a very entertaining Jews in the midday must begin the big number They're on wafin. I mean highly touted by Barry Jackass and by Tom jica to that letter he put in there that he made up I don't see him on the second line. I'm looking to every page here. Then I'm gonna say here's W avs Which I don't even know what that is a point nine some ethnic piece of turd Here's W acc with a point five here's W j and O from Palm Beach with a point three W j and A with a point two W w w f e r r u f with a point one and w f b a no speaking in laser I don't know what that with a point one so they they got a less than a point one. What's less than a point one George 0.000 How do you like that And this is the radio station that Greg read five a lawsuit against study like that. He's so concerned Oh My god, can you imagine you equipment we could have in here the money's gonna waste that that's stupid lawsuit A station that's not even on the dial I've never met one person not one who has ever listened to that radio station not one Zipady do da the same number of people who had diaries for them none zero FBA was Spanish elevator music now. It's radio Disney. I don't know how you did the old M must be Our friends watch George nice gone Scott you got a point one. Let's hear it. Oh point one Radio Disney 567.0560 560 do it in the espaniol get a big number. Okay, espaniol radio didn't he well he used to work at a Mickey Mouse station Here's for yeah, this one for about a week. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello. How you doing? Yes, sir I'm 20 years old and I've been listening last year months and I think he's a best there is yes I'm here and I'm hopefully one day I like to meet you for a formulation on you Uh-huh, I really think you're a track. I think you're a cucumber would be good. Okay, start off with a cucumber practice No, maybe you ask them our weenor would be good practice. Nice perfect 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Where I was lying 22 till noon a Q a m this is five 60 cuaマ just, 4 30 alischesz see you A I want to bang you in the blood tonight Go for the fill, Bradley Hey Bro Got All right Yeah, we need him badly. He's gonna win the race. People love him cause he isn't out of control. Did I mention that he isn't out of control? He played for the day. He doesn't borrow a stick. Yeah, we love him cause he isn't out of control. Yeah. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Yeah, he's not alcohol. I say it one time more. We love Philharmon. Mostly cause he's not boring alcohol. Well, I'm just a real brand man. Yeah, I'm just a real brand man. Oh, okay. It's 17th of June at 5.60 WQAM. Oh, here's old Captain Dave from somewhere. Mobile in the Gables. Hey, yeah. What's going on? I have to move it a little bit. Yeah, I'm a little short on cash. What are the months of those to me? I'm a rich bastard. Don't be so stupid. Good. That's what we're running. Like I said, I could use a loan. What? Did you say you called the bear cause you're gonna from me that money that Stan owes me from 20 years ago? And you said, would you speak in Russian this digital phone is cutting out? Yeah. Anyway, you know what's how they all do you when they're talking about money? Yes, but anyway. I got a quote for you to talk about what's happened. What crap is about famous people? That all about, I just ran into this yesterday that you would like it. Just yesterday, I read it on my computer. Uh-huh. The Ralph Lawdler Emerson said the fact that some people have celebrities proves how goingable the rest of us are. Yeah. Isn't that a great quote? What do you like that? Yeah. Ralph Lawdler was 150 years ago. Uh-huh. How about you get them, Chris? How about you, he's real dead. Yeah. I think I was just coming to say, hey, because I hadn't talked to you since October. So what do you do in these days, Capreta? I'm working at a radio network and I'm looks like I might be a traffic guy. A traffic guy, all right. Oh, right. And I'm acting in a post-over CD out that I was going to bring those send you guys on. Nathan sent it to us. You told me that to come to the street when I wanted it. Why you are? You're almost as uptight and sensitive as a remor. Gosh. It's a little joke, Captain Dave. I wasn't taking the sense out. I'm not the one who's been here anymore. I'm a Buddhist. That's good. That's excellent. And I wish a lot of people would have given the crap that I was a Buddhist. So what do you think of painstooler? Are you all broken up about this or what? Well, I mean, a pilot, that's kind of obsessed with you to hear anybody dying in there. Yeah. So I'm three weeks away from getting my private. My private. Excellent. Well, maybe you can take Jim Grey up there for a little test light over. Please, let's see. After all these years of flying and flying, I finally have. I'm going to be able to take you. Yeah, you were flying. Well, we were doing a show on Zeddy. We're flying most mornings and we didn't even have a plane. They sound. Well, let's, I'll tell you one thing. I'll give you a little tip right now. A little inside track. You want to get it back on top. Disco, baby. That's the one word you need to know is disco. Let's try to select a place. I'll explain disco. Yeah. But you know what? What did after the NLA? I was going to go through the same station and I've been wondering when the working out in the park. I must have been out of all the one that had in the country. It was funky. It was black and it was really, really funky. Yeah. And some of the other ones like the one that's supposed to be good. So well, I just wasn't that impressed with. And the one in my Angeles. It really took the first year. It came out in the year later. It was dead in the water. Yeah. One of those is it's like disco itself. You know, it's a passing fat. It'll be real hot for about five minutes. And then you know, that's the day. No one will 3.5. Yeah. It's grown. Oh, let's see. How many of these are some time when you're a board terminal, okay? Should I, what is it? Should I bring some food? No, just get you a new phone. Okay. And maybe we'll talk to you again someday. Okay. Yeah, they remember. I thought I was innocent. Okay. Remember what's his name? Henry David Thurole. Let's write the board. Or Walt Whitman. Yeah. There you go. See ya. Say goodbye. Bye. Bye. Okay. We got 600 open lines after that. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 9. 5. that that Felaccio boy over there like if I'm not sure you instead pal but anyway one is it I said for the Felaccio guy over there I'd like to to not get them out for you for a couple of golfing reader cup ticket over there but what that guy's thinking about you shouldn't be calling on sports talk show that's for sure isn't the sports talk show sir well talking about sports for what I'm doing right to show this is the sports talk show this is a well show not a well what I'm going to do with the conference to sports day and would be handling for a peak roll that's not sports that's that's a that's human interest okay well that's fine we'll go on with every what you want to call it but also gambling can be called a business there's a lot of people out here that you know they live or died by this game and you know Pete Rose could be one of them is not a problem or anything like that it's a volatile market it's a business it's open seven days a week 24 hours a day it's a more probably a dollar industry right and you know to mention that some respect for that I just wanted to call and support that I don't think it's no major deal about somebody making a few waiters here there and I'm not saying again he never bet against his own team it's not like he threw games like the nineteen nineteen black stocks a dollar was a big scandal that anybody accused him of a betting against his team and trying to see that his team lost that would be a that would be a scandal that probably he'd never be forgiven for but nobody's even ever accused him of doing that exactly each is into a for the interest of of the game and like I said a business I mean it's just like making a major investment in the stock or anything else why would me that I say he's got a gambling problem what what does the big deal with that there a lot of people of yam and problems are some people of the drinking problem that doesn't mean it's your modest sports yeah there's plenty problems with people with 20 problems it exactly sure I'm always had 85 chances he was out there a he was a thing the line up the other night he was playing exactly I didn't get like I said before why didn't you great forget about Pete Rose money over the act he dug out and give a grilling the drill strawberry he got a standing ovation for that I I agree and there you go right on the field as you're looking at it in Pete Rose now you do who'd you rather associate with some of them have a little gambling problem or somebody that's a co-captic I would rather associate with a business man that's involved in the gambling industry personally as like you said you she peep rose over at the pop in the park I sheeem up the Palm Beach can't a club right on that's a good question and all their time that I bring up I see him I see him up at the golf screen park up there the third club I mean those in his ass well yes I don't know so he wants to lose it like I said it's his business that you praise God damn business and that is this get cut the guys and slack already for Christ 8 he's a human being in every store for a train right put a put it in all things right I've got less you sir and I'll pray for you business man is your business man all these are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line is just no passion in this town I've said it a million times I'll say it again that guy at least had some passion nice going pal at least that guy had this some strong feelings about something I guarantee they didn't get any calls from a soft affordable I want to call the police and I said he called and be seeing the Yorkers he was pissed the gym great and then it worked easy only one doesn't happen down here because they're not highly motivated about that has no there's nothing free in it for him by the way Pavel Bray better be playing tomorrow night I want to talk about those maple leaves I have gone cool joe for nothing shut out over wounded Dallas team last night will take the two points thank you looking pretty good we want Pavel back in line up tomorrow against those pathetic islanders this is going to be real interesting because even at home the owners don't draw flies and on a midweek night game Wednesday night like Pavel's gonna play okay I think I hope just keep saying that okay maybe some people will show up here's a mobile in North Miami hello Neil yes sir good morning sir Wednesday loves and kisses to you I just wanted to say goodbye 20 years of my life down here you have been an inspiration and I've listened to you almost every day mm-hmm but I'm leaving and I'm moving where you go well whether I'm I'm I'm to embarrassed to tell us lost Vegas oh well what's wrong with that well I don't know I'm I'm not a degenerate game developer I'm he's stretching my attention but I do like the devil and you're a businessman like his last guy so yeah I like the last guy no I was I was offered a job out there I'm in the I drive a limousine and I was offered a combat area and I'm why I would think that the great job by Vegas driving a limo with all the big shots in the celebrities out there that would be great to be very lucrative I just hope I can stay away from the tables and from the slot machines you know you know I won't just do a reality but just do a lot of buffets you know well once again thank you very very much and leaving on the 15th of next month and uh look me I hope to see out there I'll be at the blasio all right best the luck pal thank you sir okay we'll look him up for a limo with the blasio five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami hi how are you okay sir hi Neil a couple things this Pete Russ thing this is a stick I used to watch him when I was under he's a greatest baseball player I've ever seen probably and um he didn't set on the game like he said and you know what is an OJ Simpson in the Hall of Fame yeah okay so she can kick you but that's a murder or the football football you know what I mean you're about drug addicts you're the one on the diet that you never you never you know I'm trying to we know we know we can talk to you we can go but did you hear that thing on uh it was on the EID network news that American Airlines there was a FBI B number and rape on the plane and the FBI came to the airport tried to stop the plane asked the American Airlines to please stop the plane and they told him that's I saw that and we talked and they let the guy go and now they can't find them so they're going to get flying so I thought that make you happy to know that American Airlines can be hit with some major fives probably working as a ramp right over the MIA right now oh yeah probably put your hand really on the couple that likes the heck okay pal have a rate life whatever you said okay 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 4500 open line here today again no waiting real deadly way you can see it's gonna be this way all week long can't you you can just feel it you can smell it in this time they go through these cycles no matter what the hell it is all I'm asking is a very simple question why should we care here about painstewers that other than you know it's unfortunate when somebody dies before their time maybe it was his time that's what the religious nuts always tell us God it was his time so why should we be sad about it then here's a mobile in western hello yes sir I got a of your two topics today agree with one and disagree with the other the first is Jim Gray that a balding turd who's never I don't know what he's ever done you know never put his you know is asked on a line and never hard knows nothing um it's asked those questions of key rose which we've already been over it you know this is not something that happened two weeks ago right he should have stuck that microphone and is you know what yeah and I mean there was Robert from the bed who does blow and she thought his wife Jay Howell and actually ain't he had about eight chances these were all the time George Steinbrinner got banned from baseball he's back in everybody's been giving you yeah except him but what I do disagree about is the painstewer um I mean it is disagree about what I've liked that you know this was you and your producer George that went down on a flight yeah what would the story in the herald view about George's career and it would be about you that he started his career down here and it ran for several years and he was a successful radio celebrity I mean no offense to George but the story wouldn't be about him yeah it would give you a more northern variety so I mean to I think other people would be a little bit more about him than there was about the other four or five people that died on this plane there was like nothing yeah I mean they mentioned their names but what you want to the you want to run the cover of you I say today on Joe Smith who you know is how about the local papers given us a little more information on the people that died in hurricane Irene the people that got electrocuted yeah people die every day and I mean it doesn't and I mean are they important yes but even important people like you said I mean it's Clinton went down in you yeah of course a strange story of course nobody would it what's it gonna affect if that's the least come nowadays it wouldn't affect anyone you think it'd be economy follow a sudden you know you know head down some other way you don't you don't see the difference between the president of the United States getting killed in the plane crash and a golfer yes I do but I'm saying they're both figures that people know I mean not everyone of course no thanks to I mean I did this it pains to have his finger on the god damn button that could blow up the whole world you think that he's got a stum on it no I mean come on you are we in the cold water still then that's not the point the point is he didn't we just find out that you know the Koreans are testing nuclear weapons and god damn Pakistan get out of here pal you're you're bugging you drive me nuts so there you go pains to our for president of two late dammit he'd been good I like that outfit only one South Florida radio station has the house the york listing to it at golfer week they happen to to do sports radio 560 q a m with a gas in the dead jackson girly sort and some one deux hatır I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the world. I'm a big fan of the right-to-spits. I've been emailing on my brand new computer. People who have tried to work with our commissioners to other white meetings that are known at work have seen this song missing someone like the store. I've given them a book to make up my own employees and experience this history. I've worked with this song so it's gone. I've got my dumb eyes. I'm working out this day of a cloudy days. The busy year was a vail, sense. I've got my voice down here. Can I sing or what? No, not a lick. It's a 12.25. Anyway, so I'm looking at here. Thank you Bob and K. And they could've told a client, what's his name? Brian Bluff. So I'm looking here. Let's see, men 25. 54. This is the entire week. WFBA again, which is that Mickey Mouse station. They got a point three share in men. That's it. That's the bottom. Oh, I see. No. All but by the way, here's the good news. We found that the babbling Brook. Persons 25 to 54 when he afternoon. In the spring books, she had a 1.2. In the summer rating book, the babbling Brook has got a zero point in eight point nine. Nice guns, we are. I thought she could bring under one 50,000 watts. They got a 1.1 in a morning at a 29. In the afternoon, in people 20 in our target demographic, persons 25 to 54. All I can say is, oh my God. Wow. I'm telling I'm getting so tired of seeing this every time six seven lines lit up, we go into the break and then there are one. Then there are two, which is that this audience has got no patience. God, dammit. They got important stuff going on. Did I believe that? No. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile inform order, Dale. Hello. Anya. Yes sir. Building a target about a pink tour. You know, every time we went to the doctor, I mean, he was one of these warning guys. I always talked about with Jesus. Yeah. But when they interviewed him, you know, once we'll interview a star, if they come in check, and they usually do. But once while they will, he never talked about how Jesus helped him come in the first. I don't understand that to you. No. Do you know what I'm saying? So, I'm saying he used to bother the phases for the flight yesterday. Pretty sad they went aboard again. Christian dies, you know. No, but you don't think he never, these guys never, if you see the football, whatever, all they do is talk about if they went. If they would, they never talk about it. Right. They never bring it up. How Jesus didn't help them come in second or lose or whatever. That's what it bothers me, you know. The revolution really has nothing to do with it. How come the God that doesn't get beat to it, doesn't say, God damn God, you know, something like that. I know, but you, but you agreed to do him saying that. Don't talk about it. That's correct. They don't bring it up. So, do you like Jackie Mason? He's okay. For an old man. He's coming to town in 10 days to the comedy club, my enemy. Okay. I can't wait. Have a good time. Bye-bye. Yeah, he was okay about 100 years ago. Jackie Mason is still doing that same old type stick. And his TV show was out about 500. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, wireless line doesn't catch their fancy day into this stuff about pain, Stewart about Pete Rose about Jim Gray, about all the other 8 million things that I talked about here today, including the Baptist, stealing money. Oh, by the way, here's the good news. Broward may lure the Latin Grammy awards because after all, we can't have no Cuban performers in Dave County. That's right. And Michael Green, president and CEO of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, said in Los Angeles last week, we will not hold a Latin Grammy show where Cuban artists cannot perform. So, that leaves a Miami. Yeah, you're right. So, maybe they'll wind up in Broward or somewhere else or maybe in LA. But certainly not in Miami. No, no. No, say, I'm being clear, so I'll key. You're right though. I can understand why nobody talks about that because it's hopeless. It's what's the point. So, banana republic, it's run by a bunch of crooks and there's nothing we can do about it. Except when they do try to put one over on the public like that election lies to you like, we just make sure everybody goes out and votes. No. And then, of course, when Mayor penis has to run again, they'll all vote to him too. Get somebody else, some other crook in there. Nice going. Babbling brook rhymes with crook is 0.9. 50.1. I guarantee you, I could have my little dog farting in there for four hours to get a bigger number than that. I guarantee it. Oh, here's Larry. Brooks Olfroducer, I want to ask. Here I am. How are you doing, Larry? I think, put me, that's me. What is it? I don't know what you call me. Manic pushing? Is that what that hurt you to call me? I don't even know who you are. Manic Larry, Larry Baker, the Brooks former producer. I have no idea who you are, Larry. I have a match you, do I know you? I don't even know who you are. Exactly. So, how could I have called you anything? I just called to, uh, to rejoice. Yeah. Open up the old dump, there you go. Yeah. Are you celebrating being out of that station? Or just a great 0.9 share that broke out in the summer book? Combinations. Of course, it's your fault. You do realize that, Larry. I always come back. Every time she's got a crappy book, which has been every time she's been in the market, it's always the producer's fault. If you were to just line up some good topics and some good guests, and give it her some food, for thought and some better wax. She doesn't even need any extra food for thought, if you know what I mean? Obviously. Yeah. But, uh, yet my fault is she said the effort. Right. Yeah. Now was that a set-up thing? Was that like a... I don't know if I'm going to play not a set-up thing at all. Yeah. I was just... Well, what kind of a bitch goes on here and says that man doesn't dump herself? He didn't realize she said it. This she didn't? What kind of a station led her back on the air? The very next day after she didn't even realize she could do something like that? Didn't even get suspended? Not even suspended? Not even suspended? Not even suspended, sentence? Not even a slap on the big fat ass. Oh my god. Correct. So anyway, I guess... I believe the margin of error according to arbitrage is like a zero point 80, so even a mistake could get a zero point 80, right? That's correct. That is absolutely correct. So probably if you subtract the mistake, she's got a point 1. She was very supportive throughout the whole issue. Obviously, yeah. I think I got to call and say how you're doing, call me at the radio station. So how are they doing over there at queer channel, by the way? It's a mess. It's all, it's all syndication. Yeah. And working for the anti-Christ over there, Dave Ross. There's only people's error. Right, all people's error. Now who was it that's far, he was at her, was it Pete Bolshevich? I guess it's suspended by people's error and then officially terminated for talking to the press by the interview, Dave Ross. Oh, oh, by Dave Ross himself. Wow. That's something you can tell you more. And during the meeting he had with me, he wanted to know why originally when Brooke said the F word, why I tried to make up a white lie as to possibly that she might have dumped the word. He said, why would you do that? Why would you make up a lie to management? As a Dave, you spent your entire career lying to everybody. That's how you got where you are. Right. I was protecting her big sad ass. That's what I was trying to do. Underline sad ass part, yeah. Right. But he didn't understand that. Well, congratulations, Larry. It's always all the people that get out of queer channel. You generally don't have a big party. I think you should be there. Matter of time, I would imagine that, you know, I don't understand how. She's down to, by the way, one live endorsement for show. She used to have 12. Oh, hey. Well, not too many people want to show that's gotten invisible audience, I guess. I would just bet because they tried $7,000 for a 13-week contract. Why would you spend your money on a show that has a point nine? Yeah, exactly. Good point. Did it. Well, let's celebrate best to lock you in congratulations. Thank you, Neil. Yeah, I'm on a restricting support. That's what you do, too. We'll need it. Thanks. Okay, there you go. That's Brooks Olprodoser. He said he just passed the makes of him sick to his stomach. He said, and a no talent slut. Nobody just said, nothing like that. And so it only croaked. Pretty sure he said that. And he said he wished it was her up in a plane instead of poor pain stored. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the eight. In fact, hankses. We don't want her up in that plane. We have a vestant and tristiner continued good health. It's 1109 here at QAN. This is 5, 60, QAL. The sports leader. We have no reason. Sports radio 5, 60, QAL. This station stands for nothing. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. We have no reason. phones.陀 Bin switch. Now.�� y cucumber. Yeah. in t semester.�� y cucumber. mentally less constable.ن e 21.시<|cy|> allele a strive to win men to win. YOUFUL KW men like 2554. Here you go, 10 a.m. The 3 p.m. W.a.f.n. To the show off in the book, men 2554, the answer is low. Wow. Okay, 3 to 7 p.m. Come on. W.a.f.n. The fourth intensive station with front page stories by Barry Jackass and the full way that they hear from behind of the show off. If you can have more than a point, you know. Wow. I'm trying for him. I'm looking. But anyway, then look in 3 to 7. I do see under men. I see the book Daniel's story continues. Larry will be happy to hear these numbers. Where the hell is that? She's a weight on there on that page. Where the hell is it? Jesus Christ. Where the she's vanished from. Way way down. 3 to 7 p.m. Come on. You can do it. She's beaten up by stations that are side off the year already. Wow. 100 WDR. No, she sure is holding on that page. Where is W? Oh, and by the way, cost it. No, here. A little cost it. Note on the page that we got from the afternoon. 2554. I don't think that's not listening right now. You might go in and punch Bob McAze lights out. Knock his wig off anyway. Yeah, he's circle. Bob McAze circles on the page. They're oops. The fact that, yeah, oops. The fact that case had a 5.2 in men in 3 to 7 p.m. Hank had a 4.9. The only difference being Hank is non 3 to 7 is on 2 to 6. And I'm sure he had more than a 5.2 from 2 to 6. Right on. There you go. See probably edge. Yeah. Nice try there Bob. You can't fool the old the kid or like me. So where the hell is she? 3 to 7 p.m. 2554. Where is this guy, Dan pitch? God, almighty. Where are you? Are you in hiding now? I would be two with a number like that. Sweet, aren't? If I'm just placed a guy, Dan thing. 2.5, 1.2, 1.2, 1.2. Here it is. Oh, that's not it. I'll find it. I'll eventually get to it. Oh, here it is. In the letter book, Brook Daniels, then 2554 had a 1.9. In the spring books, she had a 1.7. In the summer book, she's got. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. Oh, that's not it. A 0.9. Oh! Dropping from a 1.7, which I'm much to a 0.9, is like losing 50% of the audience of the share. Pied for 20 turd in the market. You turd exactly. Wow. 50,000 watts of pure unadulterated drift trap. Nice going sweetheart. And let's just say, if you too honey. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Pretty weak bunch of calls here today. Pumped in these numbers, pumpin' it, pumpin' it, even an amicoat the other night when my car wouldn't start. I wasn't pumpin' it as much as this. It's pretty weak today. And yesterday too. We're taking a little rest. Here's Carl Springs, hello. That's really nice, huh? Hello? What's nice? What do we missin' out on here? My little 7 year old just walked in and he was just came from the Broward Commission's meeting. And he won the number one pump for the EverPolite. Nice going, pali. 7 years old. Give him a pat on ahead for us. Yeah, well. Don't be a smart ass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to say, yeah, what was that, and you say people are on hold on for you. Say your listeners don't want to hold on. No, this gentleman held on for 23 and a half minutes. God bless you, sir. Thank you so much. You're about to be on the guy that cares enough. Now these people all of a sudden, the last year or so, they got real busy, you know? Not me, Neil. I'm a hangar owner, pal. Good for you. This painstower thing? Yeah. I'll get a little born again, Christian, stuff to everything. That's not why. You know why? Because he gave back. That's why. Yeah. He did a lot of charity work. Like you. Yeah. What do you think would something happen to you in the other 50 years? You think people are going to miss you? You give bad. I'm not a question. I'm missing you. But you give bad. I think it'll be on CNN. You give back. You get the community something. I mean, you take and get back. And that's what this guy did. Take a lot. Give a little. Take a lot. I take a little and give a lot. Oh, that's right. I don't know if I take any. I don't know if I get any. But I think that's the biggest reason. And while I miss him, that's because he's a great guy for a great. I mean, he was a great, he's a nice person. Yeah. I bet you John Chafee, the senator who died yesterday from Rhode Island. I bet you was pretty nice. Sure. I hear. I don't think I don't. But nobody. There were like 10 words about him. I'm a little. I was all dead long. You know, you've had plain. It was a painstower. All day long. But you know, you mentioned the seven kids and why they don't make a big deal out of that? Yeah. I think they don't make a big deal out of it because they're embarrassed. Who came on before those kids died and said, don't walk in puddles because there's live wires. Nobody. That's right. One stage came on and said that we were going to have massive flooding and that people would be without power for like, you know, be too days. And you know, you know, your, your cause were a couple of them were beaten up down. No. I know the first ones who said that the tail of the thing looked like when it was down by Cuba, that it's the tail of the thing looks like it's going east. Yeah. So, you know, you know, you know, you got 20, you got 20, you got 40. I mean, I wasn't here. Thank God. I got that a lot of here. I'm sorry, I was just saying, you know what you're always taking a smaller than the rest. That's right. And I am. Okay, if I'll have a great idea of how much we're hanging out with. God bless you. I'll pray for us. Okay, there's a guy that waited 23 and a half minutes just for the privilege to come on here and say in a few words. Good guy. Got a bright little kid there. Where's the these people? Look at that. Every line was looked there for about two seconds, right? They just won't wait again. And you know, it's going to come to the time in about three months when I hang it up and you're people going to be, Oh, gee, I wish I could have stuck the needle before he retired and about a month and a half. We'll be at the pizza loft in the United States day to clock and based on this response I'm getting here today. We should have a real turnout. You know what I'm saying? Two or three. Straggers. The guy with the eyes will be there. Oh, don't say that. No, please. Guy with the eyes. We don't want to see you. We don't want to see you work. No, he doesn't need to be there. He was already at the sawgrass. Okay. He already got his stuff. He already did his thing. We don't want to see him. We don't want to see him. You know, who else we don't want to see tonight? That's it. And a guy with a fatty pack. We don't want to see him for about 10. Block. Then we definitely don't want to see him unless he brushes his teeth. No, we don't want to see him. Which is not in the girlfriend. No, definitely. Oh, don't want to see that. Whatever that was. No, we want to see some new and different people. You know, it would be nice. And by the way, if you bought the best of any effective CD, which if you bought the original, they do probably do. You can take it back to where you bought them. Especially, or you can bring it by tonight, we'll swap it for you. And say hello again. You know what I'm saying, Jacob? Maybe, Jay now. Let's make a list of the people that we do want to come by tonight. Like Jacob and like Jacob. And that blonde with a tan. And the blonde guy with a tan. That's right. The blonde girl with a tan. I don't know. You can have the blonde girl with a tan. I'll take the blonde guy with a tan. And the guy who's the, the, uh, fight pack and guy. You can come by again. And by the way, the kid that called before like I said, practice on a button mushroom. Okay, it'll be closer to the truth. 560560 pound 560 on the, yeah, he maybe can write a zotobiography. I affiliated the button mushroom. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, can we go to the Pete Rose interview by Gray? Yes, sir. When you yourself don't like someone and you're against them, you put your backbone on the line. And stayed it over the year. I want to see how many people in sports in all different sports will be, will refuse to have an interview by Gray. And if that takes place, I inside of a month, he'd be out of a job. Good. And that should happen. I should all just say, Oh, did Jim Gray because like so many people have said, there have been, he's given a, Pete Rose has been interviewed by him a million times. There's a time and a place for those kind of questions and that kind of a discussion. This was needed at the time of the place. And anybody with a half a brain knew that it didn't even have to be brought up on education. This wasn't the time to bring it up. This was a celebration. This was a special event. The fans were into it. They were excited to see him there. There was no reason to have to beat him over to Henry this again. He's already beat the beat enough. Fifty million times with this. Right. I mean, I feel I said about 12, 12, 12 feet behind you at the hockey games. And I, and lots of luck to you. And let's hope all those play in the Marnite. I doubt it. They've been stringed us along every game of the phone. It's not that. It's ridiculous. I know it's starting to have that feeling, aren't you? Thank you. And have a great day. Yeah. See a lot of us are starting to believe. I don't want to choose the organization of trying to lead us down to Garden Path. But it would be nice to know for sure. And of course they keep saying, well, only Palm L. Those one will be back. You know, for 10 million here, it'll be nice for you to tell us if you've got to be back. So a lot of people who want to recognize might not show up there tomorrow. And I'd like to be there and see the most exciting player in the world. But we like to know if he's going to be back. He practiced yesterday. He skated like the wind. Great. That sounds promising. We want to know, is he going to play tomorrow night? Ecriring minds want to know. Before they lend their tangible, a very expensive support. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, they don't like a lot of these things. That's over the years. And I'm glad I always bring these things up. Things that make people very uncomfortable. Like about why guys in sports, pat each other on the air. So why they can do that. Why didn't do that? You know, it's a faggy thing. They won't talk about that. Like a fraternity thing. And like this thing about celebrities. When celebrities die, whether it's sports celebrities or Hollywood celebrities. When they die, it's a big song that's on the front page. When people are probably contributed to hell of a lot more to society. Like Senator Chaffey. When they die, it's like, ah, who cares? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Figureport. Yes, sir? I thought North Park wrote a good dream job. I thought the street in Sheridan. Two tickets on a motorbike. Okay, thanks, Paul. There you go. Four-worned is four-rorned. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. It's just a desperate last couple of days. I mean, what am I going to do? I guess a little music might have. It's a shit-for-just. Up-reot. Or 96. I thought, Bob, get Dury. He's got his stuff on it. Let's hear it for the show. We're from San Francisco. Yeah. Like I said, he wouldn't know the goddamn Bravo All Stars from Mushy Pupic. 26 pass-known as 560, WQF. The Neil Roger Show. Two sports radio. 560. You. Hey. Wanna LaLay Pop, little boy? There. Sports work? Outputs. Good point. Good. Good. The dollar is a guard over the tap. Go. Oh. Keep there. Honey, come on. Go. Go. Oh. When you pick him up, that gets you to ride it. Go. Hands up. Oh. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. That's the hands up. It's your close-on genius, isn't it? I've got to take it down, I can do the space. It's gonna perfect room, blood is bad. It only bad spell, can you tell where it's at? Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. That's the end of the window. The girl's to handle this big backpack. She know how to make the ball bed dry. Back to the chase, the shower in the house. Who would be the skis? I'm not the towel. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. Back to the dream job. Okay. 12. 32. 5. 16. 12. Plus the overall audience in the market. Radio on more. That's why I don't understand how we do this. We're up against all this ethnic crap. We're up against FNs that people can actually hear inside of building. We're still kicking ass. Can't get any calls, but we're still kicking ass. Of course, it's been away for 23 years. While you're still intimidating me, nobody, they don't have the balls to talk to you. Because you make so much sense because you're so macho. Yeah, they're afraid an old tag like me. How do you like that? They're too late because they're much of pusys. Well, you know, he was a born again Christian that pain's through it. You ate the issue. You got a born hell. Yeah. 5. 6. 5. 50. Watch any one thing. We're sure we're wasting a lot of good facts paper. Nice going. Okay. Kids had a good book. That must be why he's in such a generous mood to help us out. Because he knows how we inept we are over here. Look at that. I got about 600 pages in the scrap right now. Most of which I didn't really need. But I'm scouring. It's good that I have every page because I'm looking at each and every page. I'm looking high. I'm looking low for WAFN that got a front page story by Barry Jackass and Harold. What a big competitor they were going to be for QAM. Are they on here anywhere? No. They went on an August with that sports format, which means two-thirds of this book. Two out of the three months they were on there. So if they had anything, they'd have a fraction. They'd have something. Is there anything on here? Did they take the reason on the year? No. That's a kind of competition we love. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, I am. Yeah, near. Yeah. Then they took to the fact that the title was on that plane too. Or is that just, yeah. Yeah, that was I play it. Oh, God. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. He's picking up space. He's breathing. He's picking up space. So what do you say? Let's for LISOM eggs. You want to for LISOM? Some good looking eggs or some ugly people's eggs. I still say, I mean, how about somebody with a brain? How about somebody who looks good and is also smart? There are such people. Believe me. People who actually look good and who have an IQ bigger than their thumbnail. The, you know, the prospect of this whole thing. Let's procreate. Let's reproduce the human race on the internet. Let's just sterilize everybody else. And we'll just, you know, for the human race on the internet. We'll be real picky and real choosing. I get to pick by the way. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. No. We're saying I got to say about people. I was a Jim Gray. I think Jim Gray gave people an opportunity to not maybe say, I admitted gambling or just maybe I made a mistake. You got to look kind of look at it that way. No, you don't have to look at it that way. He's going to continue denying it. He's already asked a question. Eight million times. You know, to me, Pete Rose, you know, look, he was a great player. We all loved him as a player, but he's a degenerate gamble like fat head, Hank old bird. And that was so. So what about us? All right. So why? He wasn't there for their gambling. It wasn't a casino last night. It was the world series. No, I know. I know. They were celebrating the best baseball players of all time. The point at the point that you made that. That making less. Does that make him less of a baseball player? No, it does. But you're right about where he took the time in the place to ask. He rose about it. And over and over again, when you went out, but he didn't come the first time that was it. And we'll find us something else. You think he rose as closer now to the whole same close to Jim Gray? No. All right. And let me ask you. Who cares? What difference does it make? Oh, the only difference it makes is that is. Don't probably going to be off president. Yeah. I don't know. The polls aren't looking good now. Gore is starting to pull away again. Oh, I love you. Okay, see. Gore is starting to pull away a big lead yesterday. This said. Five. I have no idea. Maybe actually he ran over and shook somebody's hand. I want to parents. And the fact that he was motivated enough. Actually, he won a few yards. Maybe that didn't kid at these actually still alive. And it's, oh yeah. I'll go still alive. Maybe we'll hold for him. Like this reform party, boy. Not Donald Trump. Pat. I never met a Nazi. I didn't like Buchanan. Ross P. Roll with the big ears. And of course, our buddy Jesse, who unfortunately, you know, we had great hopes there. Lasted about five minutes. It's like everything else, you know. You think the massage come along turns out to be another figure. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. How are you? Great. Hey, I just wanted to call on on a some great in P. Roll situation. I've only that. Really Jim Gray's objective there was obviously the better his career. But I just wanted to get your take on the whole thing. Your well-spoken gentleman. I just can't understand baseball's philosophy relative to P. Rolls. You know, they can let a courty howl back in and a Darrell's strawberry. And you know, it was proven for one hundred and a 40. 40? Not 40. You know, he's not a player. He has a deep out. But anyway, it was proven also a whole week. You can listen correctly that Steinbran had a tie to the mob. And you know, they let him back in. So, I mean, I don't think I'm 28 years old. And I don't think if I was to be 90, I don't think I'm still a player. But I mean, I don't see anyone else ever get 4,000 hits in baseball. Correct. And I think it's completely foul. For them to be playing this out the way they are. I didn't think you're. You could go to Bud Seed like that to commissioner baseball. He's a major asshole. And the hall of fame should be for accomplishment on the field. Not for whether the guy was a scumbag or not off the field. She had nothing to do with it. Well, just because he's a gambler of making a scumbag. I mean, I don't know, I agree. And I don't see anybody saying because O.J. Simpson murdered two people. He should take him out of the football hall of fame. And well, so what's one thing got to do with the other? Yeah, it's true. Exactly. Okay, thanks, Bill. Scrooge in gray. Have a great day, pal. You as well. Yeah, let's put you in gray up there and a goddamn lyrg, huh? Just just for a couple of minutes. 5, 6, 7, so the report from the rankings that Pavel Bury may play tomorrow night as a game time decision. The big sparks are Peter Whirl. It looks like probably will play right ahead. It can won't play Ray Witton. You'll play there. You go and I's gone. Oh, that's my man. What do you have in for lunch today, by the way, speaking of Ray Witton? What an embarrassment. What a joke. Another bride. The beauty queen. They all agree that he is the men. They all agree where he is. They won't forget his. They're dating my son. Oh. Where were you and whereabouts of Dampens? Many fortunes. Louder than rotten, any two yards breathe, Anyγani, I'm my grandfather, my mother. Why do you act this way? We'll have to eat here for me. When I leave you in jail today, You do and laundry and dropping stuff, But in a prison, You're over to the world. No. In the club, in the room, There are both of them, The date and time's done. Well, 45 at 5.50, The WCW got a heck of cool city. The WCW is the number 3. It'll be over before you know it. See if they can eat any more embarrassment on themselves. Here you go. Seven of midnight persons 12 plus. I'm looking for a way for it on here at that great signal. They're on here at night. No. I mean, not anywhere. Not an demographic, not a fraction, not one tenth of a point. Nice, God, very jackass. Nice going to front paced at the Miami-Hero. Just like John Smiley was buying a Marlins. Did he buy the Marlins? No. Nice going, Harold. You wonder how come they got mistakes on every guy to the page of the paper every single day. Glaring mistakes that even a few year old child will laugh at? By the way, we got our buttons. Our keychain. Yeah. Oh. I was right. Can you hear that? Oh, right. That's what we call. And if you're holding down. Oh, God, God, God, God. You repeat the same thing. All the drops are on here, by the way, that I gave them. Yeah. Oh, there's a page. They only hit five. They got them all on here. So we'll have those that pitch a lot tonight along with the best and you'll see these and cassette and stuff. And based on your tremendous response to the ad, but you have like six or seven people there tonight. When you know we're out of business now that that disco stuff is back worth. Where's the woman? Oh, yeah. Hey, it's not pretty good on AM. I mean, how much is this so sour? That's just going to be this so bad, you know? That's wrong with that. Here's a mobile-inport. Oh, but that was that. Mobile-inport, Lauderdale. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, I'm sorry. I said line up point, but I guess you got me now. I'm from Cincinnati. And I agree with everything people are saying about the roads, etc. That it should be a very, very square. It should have nothing to do with this personal life. I don't think I guess I don't get it. That YP kept hanging on to the fact that he says you've never been on baseball. And I think what he should have done. He's not using the aisle. I think he's in denial even now, but he's got a gambling problem. Right. Exactly. So what I think he should have done is just admitted that he did it. And they would have felt sorry for him. Well, he didn't like everybody else's had problems before like, to be how. Yeah, that's probably that's a good point. I mean, you know, what he did? What's he gaining by holding out? No, no, he's just a hard ass. You know, that's just his nature. Exactly. But, uh, all by the way, I think I think your next broadcast should be from like polyester. Something like that. Okay. See ya. Polyester's. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, Robles Lund. Maybe we ought to have a parent someplace where they can come the food, you know, but they have to have any teeth. I don't think Jeff puts any poly them on the tables and pizza law. Those are not. Not yet. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I've got a couple of problems with this, uh, great story situation. The, uh, Dicomndy, see the sports executive city back in, uh, 100% on the interview. Mm-hmm. And I guess he'd forgotten a couple of years ago, NBC was, uh, fixing fights on Saturday afternoon. Remember that indexing fights? Yeah, remember 40 got, uh, in trouble for that. No, I don't pay attention that. You're all there's to take any way. So what's some unique about that? Yeah. And then what about, uh, you know, these guys are crazy. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Anybody know what he said? Oh. These guys are crazy. Something like that. He said he was crazy. Was that what he said? He told me just give up. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, well, it's just circulating to me. You know, I come any every day for some mental stimulation, mainly for that big paycheck, which, uh, you know, stimulates my wallet, my bank account. By the way, what have you had an investment advisor that, uh, like, Oh, I don't want to go into it on the air, but I'm getting really nervous. You know what I'm saying, Walter? I'm getting real nervous. No, no, when you have your life savings tied up with a guy who just, uh, is like evasive and you can get, he just, uh, I don't know. You got a whole bunch of money you want to invest. You want to put in there and, uh, he just, uh, I don't know. Of course, it's through my great bank up there. Oh, God, we need mat back at my bank. That's what we need. I shouldn't be saying this on a year. We need mat back. My close personal friend. It wouldn't be happening like this. Here's Carl Sprint. Hello. The old good afternoon. Yes, sir. The old there's a good side in the bad side. So there's not the going to the, uh, in the, in the, in the party, uh, you know, I'm talking about the cannon. The, uh, the good side is the hill skim off so many of wrigh wing quotes from George Bush. Maybe that for sure I think we'll ever be elected. Maybe. But the outside is for will be elected. Yeah. I'll say why, why is that so bad? Well, because the bad of them, I said much rather see Bradley get elected. Well, I'd rather see a, uh, much rather see a camp. Well, I'd rather see, I'd like to see whichever line get nominated has got a chance to win. I'll put it that way. Well, I think, you know, the king has a better chance, I think, of, um, fighting, um, uh, uh, Bush than, uh, Bradley has a score. I think it's going to be. Yeah. All I can say is got to help us serve with all of them. That's all I can say. Yeah. I'll see it at the social event of the season tonight. Okay. Social event of the season at the pizza locked in Davis six to eight o'clock tonight. Does that tell you everything you need to know about this place? Uh-huh. Social event of the season is right. 4800 open lines. I'm sitting here just waiting for a real big tremendous outpouring here today. Is it going to happen? I don't think so. Really, they all went to Vegas. Me, they're all just, I mean, seriously, they're all just none of this go now. That's it. We're done. They're all listening to some kind of smug more radio. See, I mean, anybody that's going to try to pedal that to me that the heterosexual men of South Florida, 25 to 54 years of age are listening to disco music. I would, I would raise one eyebrow way up a year all the way to my forehead. And say, uh, sorry, all the way through like that song. I'm not going to have to go outside because it's winning. Right, thank you, my mom. Hi, hi, we don't let the girl out. Oh, here we go. I'll look at that whole bunch of lines. We can't even be anybody on there. But at least they're making the end of parents. Can't get line eight, ring in OK, may. Yeah, that line is working. I just want to make sure, could we, you know, just one time just to make me feel a little bit better about my life. And what were they getting that toll free number in here? Have we heard anything about that? Oh, that's probably my bluff left and what over to the kiss. So we have to kind of avoid that again. That we had the memo from him the other day about this was the week we were getting our toll free number. So all our good friends out of time can call in. We might actually have some calls on his show as opposed to having to wait to the rest of these boneheads, which for a hundred years here have never had anything to say. How can you live in an area where there's four million people? And they have nothing to say. And please don't tell me it's my show. I mean, I listen to the, those calls on Hank show yesterday. Do we ever get that one by the way that I want to get? Why not? No one is here yet from the Henry Gover. Show. Why not? Are they on busmen's holiday today? Maybe they're over there at kiss. I'll have to get the numbers. No. Maybe they're kissing it over there. What a place this is man. You talk about a busmen's holiday. All you guys out there that I'm employ. Get a job over here. Okay. Just get on the payroll over here. Once you get on the payroll, I check shows up here. Be an element. Whether you do or not, next no difference. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Yes sir. I guess are coming on the, on the store and Jim Gray and of you. Again, I agree with you. You've said it in the past, but, uh, TV media, dictating to us who are going to be our heroes and who aren't going to be our heroes. Going back in a little further, you start with Richard Duh, Julian today when it, uh, that bobman took place in land. There's a roll call. NBC network at its finest. Nailing this guy. Right. To the, to the cross and everything later on, they have to settle with them because he's sued them. How much did he get by the way? Do you have any idea? I'll set more than several, enough to set by his own town become a chair. You know, really? Yeah. Well, great. I hope they put it on their night and you and I killed a couple of people. Well, I'll tell you what. And then you've got this, then you've got your come up to this, this, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, bobnots looking at, uh, Jim Gray. Yeah. interviewing, uh, uh, uh, uh, heroes who, by the way, for a long time, I was wondering, uh, well, this guy deserve to be out for now. But this, well, he's done this. This guy deserves to be automatically cannonizing put in, you know. Right. And going on, uh, hero further. Yeah. Just got a lot of these in my hero. Again, again, with, uh, uh, you got, uh, uh, uh, Stewart dying and they're canonizing him and then you got JJ, uh, uh, uh, rather John John was, uh, and by the same token when he died, they gave like a short blur if they had to watch on C. Spem was that astronaut who died in the motorcycle accident, uh, out there in California. And again, back to it back to the, uh, Yeah. The media decides who's important and nothing would John John would JFK Jr. That was the most, I mean, this thing yesterday was pretty vented. It's pretty light right now, by the way, the aerospace medical association guys on right now. Right. And they're going to milk this for another two or three days. But that thing was JFK Jr. Here was a man who, um, a lot. Here was a guy that was born into millions and millions of dollars who never did squat, okay? So contributed nothing who was a shadow of his father and the rest, most of the rest of that family. And, uh, oh, she is like, we have to be in mourning. The whole country is in mourning because John John died. I mean, this is craziness. It's absolutely, and even the first two mentioned, I was one thing I gave a music that I don't listen to the worst of you. But they mentioned it himself. Where was cost us in mourning? Just following on the foot of a few of that. Not a word. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. Like D.F. They both worked like that. A big load in their pants, but the cat had their tongue in. Exactly. That's what I wanted to run across you. And I think closing, uh, had, whose humble request one was, uh, ex-lath and, uh, the mommel song by Silvester. Okay, pal. Thank you. Have a great life. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Well, sign up for people in the media. Scroya. Okay. Scroya. To you. Okay. That's my comment. Is there anybody in the media we like these sides then, rather, I like that. And he's okay. Except that he, you know, old and see now keeps standing out there in the rain. Every time there's a big hurricane, oh, where can you send me now so I can stand out there in the rain and get in the mommel. Uh, I think he, I think that's what he wants to do. He's just, uh, get, turn on the mommel and have it written that he died in some of a big hurricane. He got blown away. And what's the frequency, too, by the way, Dan? I can't have. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Is that me? That's you. Excellent. I don't get it. I don't get the chance to listen to you very often and I'm not very good at doing this. But I'm just wondering, I heard you mentioned the newer, you know, and stuff, and I don't understand the rationale for building the new basketball arena. There was not. I will not. The only rationale was that Mickey Harrison, Wade Hyde, Pinger, a couple of hard asses, so they couldn't get together on, you know, collaborate with you building one arena, so we have to have two. Because I mean, I drove by the old when I've never had them inside of, but it looked far. Yeah. And now we have one other one, two blocks over. That's absolutely correct. And the taxpayers and the taxpayers and they're going to be subsidizing the shortfall on that arena and the upheep on it from not to let you tell it down. So I understand all there is to understand about this. That's correct. But what you see is what you get. And the answer is Mickey Harrison runs, they've county, he's got the mayor and the hero in his pocket. Okay. And have a great day. He's on a little bit shocked to hear that. Well, I'm sorry. You don't mean I can carry the way. Four minutes before one at five, 60, WQAM. Kim Bocaford talks for blank and right here. I'm forward when you're five, 60, QAM. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. Absolutely. He's a gentleman. He's a rainbow board. But. Oh, you. Come on. Rambo's still alive. I want to make movies for him five. My life in going great plan to Hollywood's broke. I was fortunate to leave. I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis in it never ever grew. Rambo's two was an 85 late. Rambo three was an 88. Sure is. And two is. My gun. I just not make movies with my son. It may be safe. He was in Rocky 5 and daylight in total movie. I was a big taxi for I mean. I got to get a loan from the power queen. I got to have another movie. Or brother show like you're not me. I guess nobody had the spot caught in. It was still good. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is the flag. Let me get down. I need to make Rambo following. Five. I got out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue. Keep it. I like comedy. Action. And drama. The only thing I will agree with sex with a lot. Give me a break. For goodness sake. I just want to be out open. I can't get out Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man show and book kept it. Basically I'm not on a point. You see. I don't know if they're catching what I mean. I got to get a loan from the power queen. I got to have another movie. Or brother show like you're not me. I get so much of a spot caught in the air. It was stuck. So I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got left is the flag. That's why lady to gentlemen. I need to make rainbow. More. But I'm so happy. Okay. 102 at five, 50 WQM. So I'm looking at 18 to 34 persons. I'm thinking that maybe a lot of young guys, sports nerds. And I'm looking on the list. Did they make it here? No. I wonder if Barry Jack Ash is going to write this. And he's right on top of everything. Right at the hill this morning. What a astute cover. He is a sports broadcasting market. The fact that in the first rating book, even though they were only on two thirds, that'll be the excuse. But you know, two out of three months. If you got any audience at all, it's going to show up with something. If you had a one share, two thirds of that is like a point six or something. Am I right? Uh-huh. Yeah. Do they have it? No. Not in any demographic. Not anywhere. They don't show up. They don't exist. And they were on the front page of the goddamn hero because they hit us like poison. And it was because Barry Jack Ash hates us like poison. It resents the fact that everybody on this station now, even including guilty, our Ripeneman asked for what he deserves, which he's a puts. Speaking of putters, by the way, in Jack Ash's and our local newspaper, Sherry Winston writes this horrendous. I mean, awful commentary for this come sentinel. Remember the once you wrote a couple of weeks ago that he said, turd. Now she's got a column today. Let's build a bridge between African and American. You know what I say to that, Sherry? No. The column is about Saturday's groundbreaking for the African American Library Research and Cultural Centerman for Waterdale. And she goes on to say, every so often my eyes would rest on the African American. On the words African American, the assign. Thinking about the Times Readers Road asking no lie blacks just can't be American instead of hyphenated. Letters to the editor blasting hyphenated Americans. Man, I hope those readers, those writers were there on Saturday. Hope they saw what I saw. Regardless of race, Africa is part of every Americans past. Like in Georgia's case, I would agree with that. I never lived there. You did. But isn't this incredible? Africa is part of every Americans past. Seeing how the community turned out to honor the library, how black and white said, side by side and all of what we all stand again. I had this thought. What if people stopped looking at the hyphen between African and American is a divide? And instead use that as a bridge. Maybe with that in mind, the new research center will be a place where we can all hob knob and get to know each other. I mean, why do we want to be like Africans? Other than South Africa, are most Africans like illiterate? And don't they have like rampant disease and overpopulation and live in squalid conditions? Aren't they what we might refer to as barbaric many of them? Oh. I don't get that. Why do we all have to be part of someplace else? Why can't we just agree that we're here? Instead of worrying about what happened three hundred years ago, and who was brought here in crates and argue about all of that crap? Why can't we just be here now? Instead of tying us to Africa, to Israel, to Ireland, to some other guy at the plant to Cuba? Oh, excuse me. Oh, sorry. Now I'm really getting carried away. That's the only way to solve the problem. Get rid of the hyphen is right. Sure, right. Again, it's usually your full of crap. And I don't think how many people in this audience relate to Africa? Can you name any people in this audience? One who relate in any way shape performed to Africa? I mean, maybe we got a couple of people when I was Safari because they're, you know, boring people. I know how to have a good time. I need a lot of country. But that's about it. What's that? The hockey guy that you're always talking about? Javod, Javod Day Neil, David Jane Hill, or Javod Day Neil? Javod Day, who was on Shaco, the Shmata, the, Well, he's got his Shmata on, yeah, he relates to it. Is that Shiki? Here's David, hello. Yes, sir. I'll call about that fruit cake and call to you about a half hour ago. Which one? He just wanted to hit on that, uh, what's going to hack? So he called you up and, you know, hacks at the generate gambler. He makes a million dollars a year. Yeah, that's his money, he's gambler. That's his business. He got hit on anybody here for anybody. He's doing okay. And he's picked it home. Oh, did this guy, he's probably got two nickels to rub together because he bet angst game was night. Yeah, he's probably rubbing it right now. And then see you. Oh, my god. He says, I rub you. Yeah. Hey, get easy. Yeah, better watch it. I got that 20 year old kid that wants to, uh, Falaid me and in this guy, better, I better run my car. Thanks a lot. Better watch that crowded pizza all tonight. But, the way is the girl going to be there. Uh, just asking, five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the eight. How about your Jacobs shows up tonight? You don't even know who Jacob is, do you? Well, you know, he wears the nearing in both ears. You got a girlfriend though, you know? What should look like? I don't know. Maybe you can find out. Maybe he'll bring her tonight. Oh, I hope not. Nothing personal sweet heart just, uh, bug off. I'll run their parents. Here's Holly, would hellow? Hello, me. Yes. You know, uh, these newscasters are like getting on my nerves pretty much. Uh, one of the just getting the Ricky Lane show in the Jerry Springer show and just come by and both of them. That's all a sin crap. Come by news. They're asking for the question. They're out of control. They're crazy people. And plus it's like, not necessarily the keep on talking about the same thing. The worst thing about planes crashing like with this golf star on it is not the golf star dying is how many times they play it over and over again. And guess what? You see things like that? Yeah. The people from Lear and here's this guy from the National Transportation Safety Board. They wanted to lie about the ATWJ at the crash down in the York. And over this guy that was on a million times, he's on there again from the interiors. Speaking of the song of the dance. I mean, you know, I'm at a plane crash. Crap happens at crash. Why do we need to have like a post more to them now for the next week on why and how? Well, what does this have to do with anything? It was a private goddamn plane. It was a weird jet. It's just, it's okay to say it once, but don't say the bouncing times. Well, I'll just keep in mind. I get a lot of time to fill. I'm not a dash, you real quick. I know that that up. You're doing your, your big thing with disco and everything. Can I give you a quick or a disco part? Yeah. Just a new roshy disco roshy disco roshy. We'll book it down. Oh, oh, oh, oh. All right. Okay. God bless you. Sir, we'll be playing that tomorrow. We're going to do disco all day. Holy, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh, oh. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. This thing will work to God, I'm wasn't. I don't like it. We'll get a good one. No. One of these days when you know Greg's in a good mood. See if we had a real engineer. He would find out for us how much those things cost the voicewriter. And then we would then we would. $1000 video already find out. Just more or less. That's what all those things. Well, you know something. If Greg read you on a screen for it, I'll buy it. If I have to buy my equipment, we had to provide our own TV set here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite. This thanks to the door on the satellite. So we'll buy our own goddamn voicewriter. I'm not going to wait for this cheap prick. Well, as the nervous stand here a couple of days ago, oh, we're not cheap. You know, whatever it takes. Yeah, you're full of crap. You're cheap. You're cheap. cheap. cheap. cheap. Stick all the money. God damn John Henry's pocket and Wayne high. Think of multi billionaires. Stick all our money in their pocket. But for the people I work here. cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, can't get squat. Gotta work for the bear bones here. Even though what's his name? William Shattner would be embarrassed never saw bones like this. What he did? And I'm an attempt to 1 in 5.50 QA. And I'll for the talk. We know Joe, in 2 sperm. I'm tired. I'm so hungry to be asked. My eggs. First we got to get to the unit. How far is that? Well, pal league. We got a way to go. First we got to go pass the example again. Okay, one 14 at 5. 16 WCM. We never had one call on this thing about the auction of a very next on the internet. See, that's a good topic. Because they're looking for a beautiful women. Beautiful models offering their eggs for sale on the internet auction Monday. Touching off a fierce debate over the ethics of what's being called Darwin. That is very best. We're going to engineer. It sounds a little hit-lary in the media. Isn't that sound out of the way to you? Yeah. Maybe we should have the area in race. And Pat, you can't even be in charge of the whole goddamn thing. Sounds good to me. Have all these blue-eyed blonde hair, beautiful people? Starting to sound even a little better now, isn't it? And maybe they'll also open the pizza loft tonight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. New. Yes, man. Hi. I want to talk to you, but... You got to your whispering. I can't hear you. How are you? Yeah. I don't want to talk about how not interested, okay? In him or his wife, or you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile-in-four-loader, hello. Yes, sir. You know, unfortunately I listened to a rookie in the afternoon since it can be on 8 hours a day. Yeah, you're the one. You're the one at something? I'm the only one, yeah. Thank God for you, man. She'd have a big fat. Oh, I was a producer, Larry, so she's got a big fat. That's something. Yeah, I caught a lot of couple of seconds of that call. Yeah. If you kind of know something exactly what happened? What happened with one? Like, why you're not on the... She said the F-word on the air. She said something about the F-word parking lot was flooded for the bed mid-learn concert, which of course was totally unacceptable. And she didn't dump herself and he evidently was either picking his nose or whatever. And he didn't dump it. So instead of her getting suspended or can't, he gets fired for it. First he got suspended and then he finally told him, often he got canned. And good for him. You can't get fine for that when you, you know, the thing to word on the radio. I don't know if somebody was taping it, which I doubt and said it but that's not the point. I mean, the point is you just don't do it. And she should know better but being what she is, but they don't do the thing. Especially when nobody's listening. Well, that's true, but it's hard to get fine when there's nobody listening. When there's no tangible audience. But I mean, how many words can't... I mean, you guys are basically borderline of all the words you guys actually sound the radio. I'm not really... I'm not really... But I'm borderline. That's like being a little bit pregnant. How can we be borderline? You can't say them or you can't. But it's how many words are left? Like, three words that you can't say on the radio. Still seven? Seven? Same seven from George Carlin from 20-some years ago. The FCC hasn't graduated yet. It all depends on how you use them. You can say pussy, but it just all depends on how you use it. Yeah. Like most of these people are a bunch of pussy, you can say that. Oh, hey, I call them around. Just like pussy galore. I call them up yesterday. I want to talk to after about, you know, what's the deal between you two guys? But how we went on in the on? Yeah. So, see, that's another one of those shows where they're screening a goddamn call. Yeah. Well, that's bad radio. That's probably where they got a point nine, you know? Plus the fact that she's got no talent, but other than that. Have a great day, pal. All right, thanks. Hope you and Brookhaven have a good time together. There's somebody at least is the Brook Dang. Oh, let's get some straight guys who listen to radio smegmo. Okay, to that disco music. We had that one guy yesterday who said he had a wife. I don't believe him. No, I can't stand it, please. Oh, I shouldn't have had it. I was feeling better to have him. What's the time on all things you didn't need? See what? God damn it. I'm going to invite all the Puerto Rican terrorists to come out tonight. If you don't get the ones that bump it just let out of jail. You don't cut the crap. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless. So, don't let me forget if you got more of those things. Those things actually help my son is, whether this is allergies or record or whatever. It's taken like forever for this to go away. It just drags on with a scratchy throw to net. But those damn things are a fantastic. What were they telling all sign-ups and two-conductions? I don't know. They're telling all sign-ups. They were great. God, they were good. I'll go get a little sleepy right now. So, I'll see ya. Here's my any, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This is a straight guy that was in the 3D of Schmiggler. Oh my God. I like disco man. I mean, we do put the same 35 songs over and over. But, you know, it's not bad stuff. You like disco? Yeah, man. That was the one I just said. Don't you worry about stuff, but there was some really good stuff. I don't worry about you being angry with that. Like a regular diet of disco? A regular diet, man. But it's, you know, change a pace here once in a while. How do they plan anything besides this go? Uh, no, it's mostly 70's. That's good. Yeah, I mean, yeah. You know, but anyway, the reason I called it, I've heard you mentioned Jesse Vincura. Yes. I agree with you. I think it's a shame. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I can't really get a candidate that's, you know, some of the libertarian, you know, looks. They're in my private life. They're out of my economic life. Right. That's right. You know, it's a shit. Well, don't use the word libertarian because they're about your assholes. Well, yeah, but, you know, I'm a personal liberty, you know, right. But anyway, I think that he is too, but the problem is that he's in a clown party. And he should disassociate himself with a, he's not doing it. He's in a clown party. You know, right. So if you want to go back to his professional wrestling days and discredit everything that he's done in the last couple of months now, he can go ahead and do that. It looks to me like he's selling out. Any guy that's running around with his arm around Donald Trump's shoulder. I mean, what does that tell you? Yeah, I know Donald Trump. And the fact again, to talk about how sick the media people are, keep saying this, and nobody responds to it. How could any person in this country seriously consider the Donald Trump could be a candidate for president? He's never been elected dog catcher. He's never done anything. And he's going to be the president? The bad for me. Oh, but you know, I think those religious comments to just even throw a made even though I agree with them. Yeah. I think that would happen. If there was 20% in the polls in his own state. What's that? 20% he went from 73 to 50% approval rating in his own state of Minnesota. Of course. I mean, if you're a partition, even if you think that you just don't come out and say it, you're a third thing, 70% of the, No, I'm okay. I still, I still commend him for that. It took a lot of balls to say that, but the fact is it puts him in a position where he's, you know, he's, on untenable. Yeah. He could have done a fixed election now. But then there's a thing, you know, another, there's rainbow colored facts flag. Yes, I do. Do you want to go to those on your car? No, I don't. Okay. I'm running. Why do facts need to put that on their car and front desk. There's a number of the same reason that board again, Christians put the Jesus crap on their car. I have no idea why anybody has to flaunt whatever they're religion. There are sects. I don't understand that. I have no idea. I don't need to hit a sexual fog in my car. Well, you better start. You know, whatever. I just want to ask you about that. Not for me. Okay. I don't know why do you mean it's a, they look at for a date. I don't know. Yeah, these things will go. You're right. With our crowd. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Oh, by the way, speaking of a fag, I almost forgot that's the way from Toronto. Where the hell is that? Saw it on the CBC yesterday. Same sex couples, glad it same rights, etc. sexual in Ontario. And you want to know why? Because the Canadian Supreme Court said you will do it. So, I think that's the way to get back in the, the spring, they gave them six months to pass a law, giving, and they're not calling it gay marriages. They're just giving them the same rights as heterosexual couples. Same rights, and responsibilities, no matter what they call it. And Ontario, they passed the yesterday. It's about the protest in my carousth and some of those assholes. They said, Oh, well, we really didn't want to do this. But the Supreme Court said, you better do it. We said, okay. And they did. See, that's one thing about the Canadian Supreme Court, baby. They don't scroll around. They don't have a bunch of right wing fascists on a Supreme Court. Like we do down here. Thought you hypocrite. Like, they got them currents Thomas that fully pieces of crap. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, him. Fuck this. There we go. Hey, y'all. My name is Lance. You Jean Thomas. Friends of course, you're nominated for this Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people who's out there. They think, just because I'm going to be a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as if I had a pen joint. Maybe the singer said, you're an horrible, y'all. They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got it, much. That dude is quick and get out of here. I want to sit y'all straight. When I start reviewing the law, I know just reviewed the law. Yeah, y'all. I'll be talking and I'll talk it to the East. I'll talk it to the East. I'll talk it to the East. I'll talk it to the East. And I'll talk it by the North of San Radeal, kind of. I'll be talking. That's so bad, one y'all. That's so good. All right, here we go. Number six was more bullet-spaving. And then you talk about love tonight. But these don't talk about shit. Love of that. Please don't talk about being in there. And all of them go close. You're a bullet. Thank you. Now, there's not one of those songs that I don't like, but I'm in a mood to hear that stuff. Maybe a couple of times a year. A steady diet of disco. It's not pulling me guys. You're not pulling me. This whole deal is rigged, okay? It's rigged. There are binary audience. Maybe who knows what? Where these diaries fell? I have no idea. But it's just cannot be. Almost every screaming floating queen in this town got a diary. And his listening to us. It's smegma 103.5. That's got to be it. Here's Tampa. Hello. Hello, Leo. Yes sir. Oh, glad I got a whole lot of the afternoon. Long time listener first time caller. I'm glad I tell you this story real quick. I'm walking through a bunch of cubicles at ESPN and Bristol Connecticut. I'm sitting there. I hear, hey, I want to go play. This guy's got you up on the internet. Yeah, he's real player things. And I live in Tampa. I'm listening to you when you were. That's the issue when I guess it was here. I get John every day and it's just great. Just great. And these morons don't have any idea how many people across the United States listen to you. I'll be drinking off the water. Sure. If you had any idea, I've been begging and pleading and squeezing with these people for an 800 number for two years now. Finally, after threatening to walk out just about, they're finally putting one in one of these days. It's supposed to be this week. And they're so terrified. It's got to cost enough. You know, everybody in their brother, every little business has got a toll free number. You know, but these people are so afraid. It'll cost them a few hundred dollars extra on their phone bill every month. They're just on. Well, these are the cheapest people on the face of the earth are the beasley people. Okay. Here's something for you, Danielle. All right. You ready? Yes, sir. Don't easily get me a horse. F and possibly another. Okay. Bye. Bye. Nice from Tampa. What do you want? I like Tampa. You know, he's good guy, but he's from Tampa. We've got that Tampa sound. You don't talk about? No, no. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. We got 45 open lines here today because they're all listening to God damn this go. Yeah. Crazy people. That's what you think you got to lick baby. We're kicking ass. The book comes up. We got a nine point. We got like a 10 something in men. We're still kicking ass. We're number one by a million miles. And these people are playing hard to get this week. Am I going to get upset about it? No. If and right, I'm not. I got that big chicken to back. If I could ever get a hold of my investment guy, Walter. What's that all about? I mean, you know, he probably left the town with my money. Maybe you should start doing your own day. You should start doing your own day trading. Gay trading? Maybe we'll do some gay trading at the appeal tonight. No, I shouldn't say that. I'll scare Jacob away. Love you, Jacob. Now he's okay. He's flexible. Remember that song been me shaved me. Anyway, 26 past one at 560 WQAM. Oh, I must be getting better from this thing because I'm certain to think about that. Jim Mandage talks sports weekend right near a sports radio 560 KAM. Holy Macaron, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. You're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Don't you love Bill Bradley? Don't we need Bill Bradley? He's from the 60's. I'll wait for that gift for him. Don't you love Bill Bradley? Yeah, we need him, that day. He's going to win the race. He's for love him cause he is the now-recording. Did I mention that he is the now-recording? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. He's a legend that he is the now-recording. He played for the next. He doesn't borrow sticks. No. Yeah, we love him cause he is the now-recording. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Not alcohol. Yeah, he's not alcohol. I'll say it one time more. We love Bill all night. Mostly cause he is the pouring out for a goal. Well, I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. Right. Mark Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. I'll just rock Bill Bradley. Kill it. Please. God burnt out all queen. Five, six, seven, over five, 60. to burn out all clean. No. Okay. Now, you only always clean that I love as you go. There you go. And Charles Nelson Riley. Yeah. Selling models, like, are there any models? Have you ever been interested in having kids, by the way? No. Yeah. You're a part of it. Especially today. I could not have the temperament for it. I'd be on pins and needles 20 hours a day. What about marriage? Have you ever been to this day marriage or legal? Would you be interested in that? No. You're just right too much. You know, that's the problem. You're like up straight men who don't want to get married or have kids. Well, what's wrong with that? Why does everybody, well, why do everybody, why do everybody, all people have to fit into a mold or plenty of straight people that don't get married? Yeah. Well, those are the smart ones. Right. Anyway. But you know, that is an interesting question. In fact, one of the papers I was reading a couple of weeks ago, they did a poll on that. Why men get married? And it isn't, you know, it's because they want to have kids. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And then after they have the kids, then they start screwing around, you know, or before they have the kids. They're while the kids are on the way. Usually. That way. There you go. I'm not going to say too much about that. Okay. That's okay. Wait till we get a divorce right, then we'll do a real story. Anyway, if you were going to have, let's say that you were going to have kids from one of these models. That I was going to donate my sperm to fertilize the eggs. Yeah. So would you choose? But model would I choose? Yeah. I think Brittany Spiritsons, good to me. I could have like 600 rock groups, with a little of some back groups. I could make a fortune. And what if you're going to have a good one? That's a good one. Don't you think if we had like 600 Brittany Spiritsons running around, we could all hear Rich Riel fast? I maybe we could introduce them to the Miami Police Department, or we could like Farmer Mothbound, or in Kendall, put them to work in a young age, you know? Well, if they're that many of them, maybe the supply goes up the price will go down. Uh-huh. And I was thinking, you know, Claudia Schiffer, who's ever, what if it turned out to be a guy? What if you had Brittany Spirits or Claudia Schiffer's, maybe it turned out to be a guy? What an ugly guy that would be. If I had him, yeah. Well, what am I? Yeah, that's true. Okay, have a great day, pal. Tell me something I know every morning when I look in the mirror. Okay, so I'm well aware of that. Because God works in mysterious ways. He makes beautiful people. And then there's all the rest of us. Damn God. Five, six, seven. Of course, you do understand that if we all look great, there would be no beautiful people because we'd all look like that. So there would be everything is relative. There's like the overwhelming majority of us. And then there's those goddamn beautiful people. The very small one out of 100, 100, 200. Of course, here in South Florida, like I said, one out of a thousand. Have you ever noticed that by the way, how come there's so many ugly people down here? That's why enjoy going out of town so much. Going to like real places. Seriously, you know, I like it mixed the rest of this look better at least. I don't want to, I'm not going to look at that, but it no matter what. Okay, I could be in a leper colony and still not look too great. I mean, the fact is that, you know, it's uplifting. It lifts it right up like whatever your pants, it's uplifting when you're around a whole bunch of young living breathing, good looking people. And there is a dirt of such people down here. It's like, like if you ever went to a dolphin game, there's like 75,000 people. Most of them are like a bunch of drunken, right next, you know, and they're like, yeah, they all look the same, like a bunch of mouth readers. And you're looking around in the crowd for like somebody that looks human, male, female, something in between. I mean, it is like all the same. 95% of them are growth tests. What's your right? It does make you feel better about yourself. I personally prefer to go somewhere working like in Toronto. You know, you're sitting there at Pizza Pizza on young street downtown, sitting having a nice big slice in window on the little chair there. And you're watching all the people walking down young street. You're just, you know, you're drooling, it's not because of the good pizza. It is the pizza, by the way. But you're just going like that. Yeah. Or like an Amsterdam, you're walking up and down the dam rack. And you're looking around and you're saying, Jesus Christ, here's a Margate, hello. Oh God. Yes, sir. I had a confession, Neil. I listened to the book. Oh. Wow. We got her whole audience here today. What is he like about that show, sir? I, well, I was just too much of a name drop in that for me. Yeah, he does drop a lot of names. Right. I was just having dinner just the other night with some famous people. And they mentioned, thank you. Drop a lot of the name. Oh, did they? And he said, let me tell you about the time Larry King and I were having dinner. But anyway. Let me put you in. And there, but I was listening to the show where she cursed. Yeah. And you know what? I didn't even realize she cursed till like 10 seconds later. Mm-hmm. And they fired her producer for that? Well, he was suspended and then he mouthed off and told him there were a bunch of assholes and they said, okay, you're fired. Which, you know, he, they wanted him to be the fall guy. Because they're producing no matter who it is. Always has to be the fall guy for her on professionalism and her dismal numbers. And the fact she's got basically no audience. Well, I put her in a category with a, that chick's in motage, you know? Right. That's right. Very good. You know, and I think that's a lot of people around her. So that, what was making a book so probably the same way. They're listening to what they want to admit it. I don't think so. Are you in other words, you think she's got a closet audience? I think so. People who wax their pubes, I don't think that that many of them are in Joe Costellan. If you got people calling you're so saying, and that they're listening to them, I'm sure, you know, she's got, she's got some closet listeners. Yeah, we got two so far. Two so far. Yeah, we're working on them. I'm glad to have you. I didn't even will do that to rest of it. We'll find out all of the book Daniels listeners. Thank you, sir. All right. And he brought a big kiss for us right there on the old wax spot. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless lines. Let's hear from all the book Daniels listeners. Let's hear from all the people who are not listening to us right now. Oh, I don't get the lines going. Because of all the people with a closet audience, I'm still going to say if we ever, ever, could you just want to act your book or all the people who really do listen, but we'll refuse them in a minute and certainly would not write it down. The people who hate me like poison. I mean, just in total, all the religious freaks, all the homophobic assholes, we'd have triple digits. I guarantee you that right now. 22, before 2 at 560, WDQAM. Sports radio, 560, you say ham. Freedom and safety. Obey me again, give me any day. Obey me again, give me any day. I'm prostitution girls, you see my craze. I'm so swollen between my side, I am. Women's reticony, most every night, I'm prostown. And this is why I'm a honor of my jewelry. So that can get you something. Now, Kostonh оружio uno. I вони bad Russell and say no-oisy yes there. I think that I might have to move on to the day. You're so slow. Go on, if you want to move on, go to the rainbow thing. That's your car and you talk to her a lot. Oh, that's all. How can I mean, of all the things, there are all these other people wearing their religion on their sleeves and on their bumpers and all this other crap. I guess that guy was just trying to prove it just because he listened to that smuggled 103.5. And he really is straight. Do we believe him? No, he's got a rainbow flag. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Don't forget, peachy loft. 6th day to clock tonight. Best in the LCDs. Because that's these fancy new key chains with a good crap on them. Like that. And whatever else we can handle between 6 and 8 tonight. Maybe all the good looking people come by tonight. We can start a little thing of our own reproductive. What's wrong with that? Spurin bank. A little gene pool. Almost guys named Jean, I found it pretty ugly. Not necessarily women. The things are how they spell it. Here's a mobile and four-later nail. How are you doing? Pretty good, sir. As listed earlier when the Horn again guy called in about painstores. A long time ago, yeah. About 100. Yeah, I had an appointment. I had to take care of, you know, you got to work every now and then. Anyway, I would like to tell him that he can kiss my Jewish rectum. All right. That if he is such a big fan of Jesus, you got to recognize the fact that we had him first. And the Christianity is just the sequel to Judaism. Yeah, they still all the good stuff. You know, like the Yomukah, the Bini's all that stuff. It's Judaism with more hats. That's right. And the reason that there's a scam. And it's a scam. And a dress, you know, at least the Jews were better dressers than these are Catholics. Yep, no doubt. And the reason that they're so damn anti-Semitic is they're trying to kill the messenger. We brought the messenger to them. Yeah. And because of that, they're trying to make it look like they were original. Well, I wouldn't go into a large jet if he's going to be flying and I would say, that's my best. I mean, either. They also, on Pete Rose. Yeah. Pete's the longs in the Hall of Fame. If they threw everybody out of the Hall of Fame, it had done something wrong. Right. There just be a few, you know, two gooders and Bible thumbpers that would be in the Hall of Fame. How serious, by the way, I really don't know, is Denima Clayton the Hall of Fame? Because I mean, he's not, he was the last, pretty to win 30 games. I remember they were very vividly with the Tigers. Because I lived in Detroit at the time, but he's not in there. Of course, he was one of the biggest scumbags. He's in jail again, you know. Yeah, you ripped a bunch of people off the bat. All right. How pretty much is his only accomplishment. By the way, the agent was killed in the plane with a painstower. His name was Rod to Robert Srayley. Okay. And he did represent quite a few of the NFL coaches. Well, how come we're not here in at least a few more words about him? Well, I guess because he didn't wear knickers or something. I mean, why can't we hear a little bit more about it? I just, it just gals me the idea that somebody, especially the guy, okay, he was a very good golfer. He never stole a free train. A lot of people liked him. But Jesus Christ, what makes his life so much more valuable than the other people had died in the plane? Because he was born again, you know. Oh, that's forgot. Maybe the other guy was born again. And that's why, uh, there you go. You know, no one, no one hears his cry. Must you not Alzheimer's. You know, okay, I'll pray for us, pal. You take care. Zagazon. Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, he's born again Christian. That's why it was important because, well, if that's the case, well, you're worried about he's with the Lord now, okay? Lord said it was his time. So what are you a bitch in about? What are we supposed to be all broken up about? Here's Holly with, hello. Any other? Yes, sir. Okay. How did you say, uh, that, that new station magazine? Spagma? Yeah. Kick the ass boy. Really? Well, position in the market. In 25, 54 men in the afternoon, number one, in midday, the number two way behind me, but never less number two. They all over the place. They just went through the roof. Well, you know, I happen to be straight believe or not. And I do like that station. Oh, oh. You're listening to disco now? Well, let me say this. So, right, no, let me try to get this. So, in other words, enough time has passed since when the Fags were responsible for disco music and it was their thing. And now, I guess you straight guys figure, we won't remember that it was supposed to be a fact thing back in the 70s. Yeah, I think you're probably right. I think I got my thumb on it. Yeah. It was literally, yes, sir anymore. Well, when I was growing up in the 70s, I was a teenager then. And I was primarily a rock and roll guy. And I was one of those guys just just to just go. But you know, you know, man, George is punching around. That was him, not me. That was because your plan stuff at the back in the phone coming to do that. Go ahead, sir. I was like, you know, let's align. Hank is right. Hank is right. Hank is right. Hank yesterday was having a fit because these phone lines of screwed up. We've had more school and around, these phone lines than this radio station. But all the other guy that plays the network put together times 10. And you people at Bell South, okay, that are playing fast. Or whoever the hell it is, this is going to stop now or it probably won't. Not here because these people don't give a crap. It's unbelievable. It's just stuff that goes on. I mean, you could hear that. Somebody's interrupted right there when I got them phone lines. But of course, we got, you know, people in management here were busy going, I think. You know, everybody's forceful as a guy damn mushroom. Man. Get with it, okay. Come on, block give it a program. Get on the home of the phone company. Give them what for. It's right in a couple of good lawsuits. They suck. It's 11 before 2 or 5. 50 QA. And by the way, how's that guy damn 800 number come on while we're at it? Any more information about that? Oh, God damn it. You can't complain about the speed with which they do things here because quite frankly, there isn't any.