And Neil says right way he had nothing to do with that. Oh he is okay. Well if he denies it's fine. Yeah, it's kind of hard to take a dump on your standing up guilty. Oh is that what happened? Yeah. Well as you saw me taking a leak there, but I did. Interesting. Well no, but I had actually left and then. No, you hadn't left. You were standing right there. But I figured you know that's interesting. What are you hiding? Wait, and by the way, you're off the hook. Because wait, and you had the fact is just thinking about default and his appearance at the annual Florida Classic this year. What's that? And his feet. Well, I'll save it. Yeah. It's great. He's not going to piece together living somehow. He's for you, I've been. All right. That's going to do it. Yes. Jeff free forest. Oh wait a minute. Creep. Oh. You got to admit, Neil. You have to admit that both campers take an over the whole title. He's on every show. He's on the list by the way. Local celebrities. Yes. He's on here along with Luther Campel. Oh, and can we? Well, Luke's going to be there. Keep fires. 12 buckly. Jeff de Forest. Mark Clayton. Oh God. And Roy. He's got to mention the gun show appearance today. Anyway. You're in some pretty good company. I cannot believe you did that. That's going to do it for a few years. You went for the gun show. He was real cheap. Hoping shotguns. I mean, come on. I wonder he's on 400 shows. Well, we see you find out when it's a few. Not much of a good. Anyway, we got Jim Manis coming up with two of our Kimball. Yes. For a six of our. The Marlins in the San Diego podries. I apologize for the bathroom discrepancy. Oh, you know what? I didn't know. Now you're going to back out this thing. Yeah. So you're. But he's going to likely. It's not like a tour. What's it? I grew to the end. I'm going to delete. Oh, my. Is there any way to pin it on your body? From sales within or again. Come on. Well, I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. This is. For. Radio. 560. WM. Miami Fort. L. Sports radio. 560. W. 2. Miami Fort. L. Toil free for David Broward or pound by 60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil his guest callers are anyone else on the show. Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast group. Now. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio. 560. Q.A.M. Another break already. In the middle. Oh. Oh. Oh. That was your. You're. When you come through their back door. It's all. It's all. It's all. They're headed by the pole. They met the deal. What a. What. It. We're. One. We're. We're. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Exactly. Chando. Right. Right. Right. Right. At the. Right. Right. Right. Alright. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right! Right There. Right. Right. I can't see. Oh, the little devil. See, but what a way to go. I'm so happy seeing you. They were so much a happy when you come to the airport. They were so much a happy time. I can't see you much a little when you're in the air. We found out yesterday. I went with five several things. First of all, the Ricky Martin no matter how you slice it, Ricky blows. You know, no matter how you define that, he really blows. And number two, people are obsessed with that business of, you know, speculating about celebrities and about, are they straight, are they gay, are they, are they? And, you know, the reason we do that is because it's fun. It's fun to speculate, even though, of course, most people will never really know for sure, except in a few cases. Speaking of knowing for sure, in a few cases, talk about beef hole. Man. So we keep getting these faxes back here from, you know, people are just too stupid. I guess to figure out, oh, this is from that more by the way. Good guy, but evidently not bright enough to figure out. This is our fax machine in here and the sports holes have their own fax machine. Hey, that guess what? Get a life sweetheart. This is to Jeff DeFlorist, Ray DeFloric Classic. Jeff, thank you for participating in the 16th Annual Florida Classic. This year's Master of ceremonies. As we previously discussed, you shall receive a fee of $500 on the live set performance. A tax please find a schedule of events and a list of celebrities scheduled to appear on Thursday, May 13th. And it's got a list man. Wow. Look at this list. Dick Anderson Kimba Boak camper, Bob Reginski, Terrell Buckley, Kail on a unable to attend interroction, but he'd be there somewhere. Keith Bier's Luther Campbell, and it goes on and on. Don McNeal Ryan McNeal, Don McNeal from the Breakfast Club, Earl Moral, John offered all. And Don Schuil, a Lamar Thomas, and it goes on for Ricky Martin. They'll all be there. And deep hose getting 500 bucks to appear. Okay, there's, oh geez, am I turning up the pages for the, huh? Hey, we don't pass these along. We're not the serving as a guy named Fax service for the sports nerds on this station. Okay, sorry about that. Not 500 bucks. So when you stop and figure it out, deep hole must be knocking down. You know, some pretty good books. In fact, I have in my, maybe during the next break. I can go into my briefcase because I didn't plan this today, but I just happened to come in this morning and find that facts. And I haven't a briefcase. Deep hose is a copy of his original contract, we left I OD member those days. Any of our veteran listeners out there, member those days when he left. I OD kind of like disappeared in the middle of the day and stay as good close golfing, buddy and drinking, buddy, Steve Nichol even got turned out. I'm like a worm and came over here two a.m. I have a copy of that original contract. So we could kind of like sit down and figure out what the TV show on, not these got that show on whammy. He's got the one on the sports channel, the dog racing show, the, High-Li show, the celebrity golfing, the thing at in between half times at the, PB Park at the dolphin games. This is a man. No, I'm wondering he's got a rough marriage, you know? He's knocking down like 14, 15 different jobs. Just the squeeze out of living this poor bastard. That's why we need to, and you notice every day he gets, I wouldn't be surprised by the end of this year that he puts the books to the shame. He is growing like topsy man, like a world like, like, you know, what is the opposite of anorex here? There must be something, there must be like a clinical term where you just blow up like a balloon. Am I right? Gluttony. God, almighty, he's just the only sports showdown. Is that what you were thinking of? Sony sports showdown. That's one of them. Well, that's one of his 45 50 jobs. Like I said, I wouldn't be surprised if he's he can out about 100 and a half a year with all those, 40, 50, 60 jobs he's got, easy. Maybe 200 a year. And then he's got that Saturday morning trade-out show here on QAN. That's the, yeah, Sony sports showdown. Oh, that, that's what that is. I don't know. I don't listen to, do I listen to my ready for it? No. I love that promo. So are you ready for the, and I was, no. No. I bet you're ready for this, though. Star Wars. This is the first thing I saw on the fact that you've seen this morning. In fact, this was just before we had the, you have to force that embarrassing fact that said, I'm just $50. Star Wars. This is from our good friends. Front road ticket brokers. At least they're my good friends. Durses he don't like him because they don't get a main ticket. Haven't they ever gotten anything for you? They gouge me. What do you mean by that? They gouge it to me. For what? For us to be belly tickets for really suck. Ballet tickets. The wife and kid wanted to go to the Nutcracker. So I got really good enough. Right. And I paid out. Joe. Joe Costellus is he taken to the Nut Shaver for a lot less. You paid up the ass. Back home. To go to the Nutcracker. Well, good. But I made a money. Go to that. Travel. Anybody would go to that suit. I want to let you all craft deserves to get ripped off. Anyway, can I do this thing, please? For a road ticket brokers. In adventura. Has got a special deal for all you Star Wars people out there. It says, and I don't have no idea why I'm putting this on here because they're not a sponsor thing, but maybe I'll get some pretty tickets someday. To something I want to see, which is definitely not Star Wars. Oh, come on. Don't you want to see Star Wars? No. No. Don't you have an interest in? No. Even if they brought back Mark Campbell with all the pieces of his face put back together again. Or can you imagine what he looks like now? God. I bet you he's left here as where his back goes to be. He's got problems for Mark since he wrecked up that car. His. In fact, I understand he went back in a closet. Oh, there he goes again. You people you think everybody is. Yeah, we think everybody is. Pumpkin. Anyway, you can purchase tickets for opening night for Star Wars. When's they May 19 that 815 PM or Saturday May 22 at 915 PM? Seats are 20 dollars per person. All tickets are for the all new beautiful AMC theaters at the adventura mall with stadium seating and movable armrest. All right. I like the way that I mean, that's underlined an exploration. A movable armrest for you fat. Yeah, for you fat slabs or anybody want easy access to the person next to him. Call me. I'll be one of the first to see the movie that we've all waited 15 years to see. Haven't we? No. Well, some of you. And here's the numbers for a proper ticket brokers. So I give the number out. Even though they stiff you on the aballet tickets in day 305. Oh, well, I'll just give out the toll free number from anywhere. 1 800 4 4 6 ticks. T.I. X X. 1 800 4 4 6 8 4 99. 20 bucks a pop and you can get opening night tickets for Wednesday, May 19, Day 15 or Saturday, May 22, 9 15 at the AMC theaters at the adventura mall with sea star wars. Am I going? No. Are you going? Yeah, you'll go. Maybe they'll make up for the aballet tickets. Maybe they'll look up for that. Sure. Why not? I thought they were our good buddies for a row. They're your good buddies. I can't. I like them a lot. Screw you. 10 minutes after 10 to 5 60 your small potatoes. 5 60 W Q a m. Iranian Pavel 10 ... That's the last row, the wealthy just choose these fair games. Ah! Oh! Go to the conc seat That's for the big pagodane ball. It's their 50they won't bite the phone. Oh Dave, long! Thelauf goat who needs candy up may roll. That's probably due now. Like thaté€” two way in through the bat to give it a stop, There's no better time Stop Whoa Good daddy, yo That's fun That's fun Oh, be your one Wendy, jump to the fair again Oh Whoa Here That's fun We'll get a fuck What better you know we want Stop Whoa Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah That's fun We live for We know what you do to the fair again Now Stop Whoa We're gonna do We're gonna do We're gonna do We're gonna do We're gonna do We're gonna do I don't want to say this any hype and problem Because of course we know this absolutely No hype involved in that That's so worse Think any more than Ricky Martin by the way Before I get into Star Wars Let me just ask you this This is very disturbing to me I have all this money tied up in the other market Mutual funds and stocks I don't think about it I mean absolutely nothing Although I'm doing pretty good I must be lucky Sometimes you do bad And now the sun to make it come back But like yesterday I find out that the street.com is an IPO You know Is going to be on the market And it's going to go through the roof There's no question about it Okay Initial public offering IPO You know what that is Do you actually know No seriously so anyway I knew I was going to go through the roof And it opens at 19 But not for the public Maybe somebody can call and explain this To a more I'm like me in the rest of us too I don't get that IPO There's only a certain number of people that can buy it When it first opens Like at a very low price Like this opened at 19 Then went up to 73 and closed at 60 At like leveled off at 60 Wouldn't you like to buy like Something at 19 Even if you had a hundred dollars Or like you know A hundred 90 bucks, 10 shares And sell it at 60 for 600 I don't get that Maybe somebody who understands A little bit of something about the market Explain to us this whole IPO business We got somebody on there Hello Yeah I want to explain about the IPO Please Okay the IPO whatever An initial public offering First comes out It's a Delphi and on the right So the other writer gets it at 19 Right That's price he's putting it at But for the public So the other writer then shows it to the public Secondary market Added it from price So probably go out to like six years Something like Right Particularly one right So that's our work So the investment banker On the other writer he He tries to lift And then that's for the primary market So like we're building solutions Big financial guys Right So the other writer So the small the pons like us we get to share Right The second day market's called Okay thanks Thank you Thank you There you go That's very simple again the small people The rich get richer in a rest of us get Grab You know sometimes it smells real bad Like the one that we were talking about before That's that sucks That blows Just frost my ass a little bit Okay You haven't got a try to make sense It's like the race track It's like everything else Where does gambling involved? Where's of course what the stock market is all about It's all an insider's game And the rest of us were just a hanging by our thumbs IPL my big fat ass Okay Yeah that's right you could have bought it at 60 And so maybe my luck I could have bought it at 73 and sold it at 60 Okay a bull crab And of course Robert Rubin is resigned As the air is going to resign as the assistant Whatever it'll use At the fed What tell us is tight? He's the treasury secretary That's what he is Sorry about that Even I know that And he's going to be replaced by Lauren Summer So we got a Jewish guy that everybody likes Being replaced by some boy And now everybody's nervous The market took a big tumble Initially and that's making it a little bit of a comeback In fact that that was down 95 The next step I have a buck But in the beginning And it goes to show you Like I've said for years It's all so such bull crab You know All emotion Just like the thing with Star Wars Just like Ricky Martin The whole world is based on hype People get all panicky It's why to K It's the end of the world Whatever it is It's that Pac mentality again It's not like calm, reason, rational Especially when you're talking about something Is important as money Which tumble is the most important I would think money, cash Like our life Something like that You think there's something A little bit more rational involved No, it's all strictly Wild emotion And his stereo and the Pac mentality Oh the market The street is psychotic Because Bob Rubin is resign The street, okay On the street Here's Hollywood Hello Good morning Yes sir The leech should have won the game last Now you know that Okay, whatever you say You're a jackass See I'm not a cry baby Okay, yes Pittsburgh got a crazy goal And the puck still hasn't gone across the goal I know something When your defense plays his pull is the leech And you blow a one goal lead three times in a game You deserve to lose the game When you have no defense in your own zone And what they let guys walk in When they let the fence been Bobby Dollus and you re-slegar walk right in On a defenseless court as Joseph twice Is score two of their three goals two of their four goal Whatever it was Then you deserve to lose See we don't cry That's one thing about the leech about the organization About the fans, about the players We're not a bunch of cry babies Like they are in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia We don't cry So I'm not going to A number one I'm not going to play any highlights That's for damn sure Because we did lose the game And number two You know it's one game They still got a ways to go I am crest falling on a heartbroken And I'm the press in psychotic But not surprised Because when you got that young defense That just a man, a man, a man At Thomas Cobbler This kid's going to be good But like Don Cherry said last night Just stand there and watch Okay Tomas got for big issue Go out there and hit the guy Or do anything to get in this way Just kind of stand there like in Prozen suspended animation And then get out of his way To make sure he's got a real good clear shot God But we're not going to be cry baby Just because they got a fanton goal last night That's the difference between people with class And people are always crying like that How do you like that? Wooting us Is that the press in? Oh God See these people are we hit like And it's not just me and George It's a whole audience They hit you like poison Just the sound of your voice Is enough to make them all over the living room Carpet Here's a lady in North Miami Hello Hi Good Morning View Yes man What happens in the IPO You have two things The enderider gives Some shares to their big clients And number two The company itself Decade to the other writers Who do they want? The other writers to give the initial share So it's an inside deal It's all fixed It's all fixed The run this side You can buy it at the 19 or whatever The stock is you talking about Yes And then at one point Did they decide it goes public? Well it goes public after This is let's say you have a million shares That they offer Right Once those sort of amount of shares are distributed The IPO then it goes public And then it's a bit But how do they determine it? How do they determine it? Oh yeah You want to pay you know It's like you want to share And this is okay whoever gives the moral cell to It's like a market It's like an auction Exactly Oh my god What kind of a crazy system is that? It's crazy Okay thanks for the bad news See you all come back See you soon glad I didn't get all excited about this week.com Cause then I went got an all pissed off and went on the shape And figured I got screwed over real bad You know because if I could have bought it 19 bucks a share Like you know a slipper like me I could have bought what? 10,000 shares Not that I would have At 190 grand then the end of the you got 600 grand That sounds pretty good to me But that's just that's just the way it goes You know like I said the rich kid rich Everything is on the inside It's like when we're public industries We're started there three or four bucks a share And Shula you know he got on the inside And Dan Marino Danny boy All the guys who are already millionaires Wayne lets them all on the inside And then it goes on a market like 25 or whatever it was Or in fact it was more than that Number before it split I think it was like 30 And then of course right now It's in the toilet By the way speaking of being very happy because it's not important That you succeed but that your enemies fail Packs in deeper and red ink That's right Even though their revenues went up and their ratings went up a little bit First quarter revenues went up to 51.0 Went up 64% But First quarter loss widened from 4.4 million last year To 25.1 million this year Losses So forget about how much revenue they had They're losing their ass Buddy bud I love it Even God Jesus and Moses can't turn that thing around Probably could turn that ship around Probably those goddamn Italians built about ass backwards Whatever was he said Fony, phony, hypocritical, peace of third from New York New York Buddy bud, pack God What did the minted soul let man is Oh if you can you gotta give me those peaks of pony shares What is that? What is a peak of twang? Oh by the way nice calm about the ratings again Tom jick You know something I think that we ought to have a new contest Since you already got you $200 You're a employee of the month thing long since The new deal is which will appear first Bluff Lindsey's new desk Or the article by Tom jick about the rating Oh It's see there's no embarrassment factoring this market It doesn't make any difference that the thing came out two weeks ago Chickas in no hurry He'll get around when he's good and ready And of course, this thing is well nobody really cares about the radio See any real major market in the country real underline Even like in Batavian New York They write it with an everyday video column every day Two three times a week Whoever heard a reading a major market newspaper And forget about the television part I'm talking about a radio column Once the last time you read a radio column here Except that you know Mike Reniri went to a JNA because Tom likes Mike E. Mikey Which I'm not don't be grudge Mike E. Anything you know More power to him It's strictly a question of who does Tom jick alike Who does the guy over the Harold what the old name I can't even think of his name Terry Jackson is that it? Terry Barry they're all Andrew Jackson Andrew Jackson they're all named Jackson Jesse Jackson Michael Jackson God That's what they write about whenever they get around it What if they're interested in then they'll write it It's like Rick and Sud now I'm assuming the start of a list come out sometime this week So it's being threatened and the fact that Rick and Suds moved the mornings up on i and z to the highest They've ever had since since they became the stupid talk network and they drop the on-news format Is he gonna write about that? No, of course not because he hates Rick like poison So it's whoever Tom likes then he'll write about it And he won't mention the fact that at night we had our lowest ratings on here because his buddy adds on their night And he goes to the try together and he fills on his show there So it's just a cluster for a flycat tell you all the time that's what it is Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello, yes sir I wanted to give you a little bit more straight information on the IPO question. Okay An IPO is an initial public offering right a private company that's doing public They want to sell shares to the public What they want to do that's a raise capital. Yeah They get together with an underwriter who helps them set the price that they think represents the company's value If you're the owner of the company you don't want to sell shares cheap You want to raise as much money as possible right so the underwriter and the company determine what value they think they can move the shares at Yeah, they're for the value that it comes to the street is actually pretty close to what the company thinks It shares are worth And if you've got an IPO that comes in at 19 yeah, and goes out on the street at 60 The public is paying a hell of a lot more than the people who run the company Think it's worth you wouldn't want to give away something that was worth 60 for 19 if you own the company No, but that's not my point though, but the point is that there are extra number of shares however they may a number of I'm looking at any article or some or however many shares they were in the beginning that were the sold at 19 Right, well, what happens is you've got two kinds of a plough offerings You've got a best efforts offering with the underwriter There's look I'm just going to put it out on the street for you and I'm going to take a commission And the other is the underwriter says I'm going to buy all the shares from you. I'm going to give you my money up front And then I'm going to take the risk of whether the street wants this or not Yeah, we're all getting a distorted view because of this dot com stuff But the fact matter is there are thousands of IPO's every year Most of them come out on the market place so for what they were originally priced at and then go down in value It's only the frenzy is it's going on right now, but he wants the pieces of the internet There's a stereo right like most of these things are going even the internet stock a lot of these things are going to end up being down Once people realize who really winners are over the leisure right, okay, good question The guys that get the first shot at the underwriter's IPO For the people who buy stuff from them all the time. Okay. Well, I had a lot of advice I had to break anyway, and he finally said crap. Thank you sir. That's why he's 7550 QM1. Hey new Fuck you Yeah, don't take a pic okay because then people start talking about it all over town 1032 to 560 WQM this stock market stuff. Well, I don't want to start doing a Rick Riley show We'll have numbers like they do Oh, sir. I mean it's very boring and it's yeah, and all of the prospect of being a get a day trader Is really no seriously. I can't tell you the number of times. It's like the thing at the track. I'll be watching races on the on the satellite from some other track where I can't make a bet And the number of winners that I've picked strictly either by picking the driver or whatever it is the name of the horse. Whatever all the time happens frequently But actually, you know, going to the track and vet in your brains. That's another story And it's the same thing with sitting at home and watching CNBC and you see an morning. Oh, I know that's so and so whatever That stock is going to be it's going to go through the roof today. It's like what IBM was not a 90 bucks a share And I said to myself 90 bucks. I mean, that was back in October when everything was going Fuck you were all panicking and selling like crazy And I said to myself, I should just punch my brains out of IBM. How could anybody not believe an IBM? I mean IBM is like mom and Apple pie and that's the and now it's like 216 bucks a share Huh What a schmuck a well there's another one. I was down to like 76 bucks a share Now it's like almost double that So I think it would be a lot of fun to sit there at home all day, you know taking a lot of medication of course Plunge in your brains out. Can you imagine the stress can you imagine your blood pressure just skyrocketing as one day you just oh my god Everything goes through the bottom the bottom falls out Anyway, there's a couple of letters to the editor every day. We I scoured the letters in both of these so-called newspapers never failed to come up with some really bad ones like the first one And then a really great one like the one this morning. Oh, God is a good letter in here Here's the bad one first. Let's see get this out of the way. This is in the Sun Sentinel of course from a guy named Dick Hackmeister in four-laterdale. You know the hackmeister? Why opposed pro life tag he says? I mean, is that like, oh my god. Yeah, what kind of a question is that? How sad it is with a recent Colorado school massacre and the Girl Scouts anti-violence drive to read some of the people who are against life Public messages extoling death seem to be everywhere. Oh, one governor boots wants a pro life message on Florida license tag the pro death people object shame on them Says Dick Hackmeister shame on them shame on you you jackass you dick See this it's always the same message. They always pretend it's like prayer in a school they don't understand Don't confuse them with the fact that they're offending people with the with the pimp with opinions that don't but they don't agree with That have no no place in government sponsored things whether it's license plates or public classrooms or any other place They always pretend they don't understand this don't confuse us with the fact because we're just trying to save everybody Against life against those bad these are the fetus hunters again. They're obsessed with fetuses. I didn't know any fetuses. Got shot in Colorado by the way Did you What all letter that is another one of those obnoxious idiotic pathetic one dimensional But here's a great letter to make me feel a lot better about life. This could be the best letter to the editor I've ever read in my life and in our local papers From holly dordy and sunrise. This is in the heraldest morning and Leave it to somebody who's a freshman in Piper high We love Piper high by the way WKPX number one radio station town Oh And the heading says religion not the issue I'm a freshman at Piper high school and sunrise I would like to object to the may six letter that said that ever since religion has gone out of the school system Violence has come in I'm vice president of my class a good student and involved in sports I also happen to be an atheist I have never committed an act of violence religion is not an issue in this recent way of the school violence Lack security and fader to notice at risk literally kids is the problem sign holly dordy and sunrise Let's hear it for holly okay. He's got more brains than a lot of our heralders put together And like any 50,000 or elders all put together Oh, if we just had the 10 commandments up there on the wall if they all just pressed like a bunch of monks right Yeah, they all were like the monks maybe they could go around molesting the other kids. Maybe that's what they might start doing I mean talk about this him the the kind of mentality you're dealing with what kind of juvenile narrow little kind of minds Are you dealing with when people come up with these cliches as answers to grow test societal problems? You know if we just put our heads together and prayed Yeah, that'll do it Pray to that God it's busy that SNM God, you know, that's busy doing those tornadoes at Oklahoma and Kansas and everywhere And of course every now and then somebody gets saved so it must be an act of God because the good stuff That's God the bad stuff that's nature or maybe even the devil the devil done it Nice going holly God bless you sweetheart. I'm talking about God yeah, the only God that we know Holly Dority I'm saving that I'm saving that litter if we only had more letters like that if we only had more people who were honest More atheist egg whatever to hell. They are I don't care about the label more people who know it's all a pile of horse crap Who would speak up, but it's always these other right-wing good-day two shoes with our simplistic answers and To try to shove all their burberry tails that everybody else has got them throat That's what America has become In fact somebody was on their day of day and said very accurate. I think was dick abhard That's what the Republican party has been taken over by I told you that back during all that penis cake crap The Tom delays and all these other right-wing fanatical lunatics they've taken it over It's not even a political party anymore. It's just a goddamn religious subject is what it is 22 before 11 and 560 WQM you know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers Now we see the president getting ready to deliver his address He's in the awful office with the gold rates behind him and he is preparing to address the American people Music please Mothel of arrogance. I have the boy at our forces the put up a fight in a place called We're all the mess Don't you just go right there and close a low work on a blow away Serbian Muslims in the KLA Slop over my low subject is mad because his nickname is slob Later up closer low precast and book yet the county and glad go back Romania bogiaria growlania her scogenia Adriatic he is me and Kozobo That's where I told Beethoven. I'm playing to and go and I It's a Youtemore 24 a May Lesson America 10 404 five sixty wtill you mad dog mandits for Hank today from to the six that we got both camper with six and then we got the Marlins who want to game last night anybody interested in no okay Marlins at San Diego 10 o'clock tonight so yeah Hank's up in Baltimore at the Prignus I'm gonna get into that in just a second by the way but everybody is someplace else the little dog is up in New York for the NYX heat game I've come to a great conclusion it took me all these months how long have we been here let's see 12 and 4 is 16 it took me about 16 and a half months to reach the conclusion that I'm gonna allow us to announce in just a moment which George will fall off the chair when I tell you this but before that here's a fact this received from our good friend Kenneth over with all points limo service is member of him yeah just give him a referral this morning well it says today I received the call from one of your listeners who was in need of a limo for Saturday night you guys were kind enough to recommend my company to be able to provide him with limo for his wife's birthday for this Saturday I just wanted to drop a line of thank you for the referral and extend an offer of a complimentary ride to any of the three local airports for either you or Neil of course when you ever gonna fly anywhere when's the last time you flew somewhere they just knew you're about two three years ago two three years ago I'm a slipper you know that I know that I mean isn't that embarrassed I've got people coming in from out of town it'd be nice to pick them up in a limo I'm not talking about picking somebody else up I'm talking about having you and your family being whisked in a limo so you can get on a plane next time you know I pay a surprise tickets for the ballet I can take a little okay anyway it says Neil shouldn't be parking is vetted the airport any how he says so anyway this is for our good buddy Kenneth Halpern at all points of the most service we love them I almost tore that up don't do that say that got to stick that in your pocket keep it so anyway I've come to this incredible conclusion I know this is this is gonna sound insincere but I say it from the bottom of my parts yeah I was at the contrary to what Gelldy said they're at the end of the show course he's got to make up these stories because you know it's contrived controversy and the who the hell cares about that stupid scroll ball you know and somebody did take a really nasty one out of this morning but nevertheless so I come in the building I take a leak in George's in there with Gelldy by the way which is kind of interesting although they were like you know different parts of the team from George's Washington's hand and Gelldy was washing his off they were doing and I'm taking a leak in there the conversation was about somebody not getting paid for doing something or whatever it was being expected to do this or the oh and by the way speaking about that had something to do with the panthers that Gelldy was doing and yesterday as I left here Hank was out in the hallway procrastinating again getting started for the show he's in the hallway and he's out there with Mike Hansen Steve Dangerfield from the Panthers organization and their I am walking on the hall of Hanks is oh here comes Mr. Hockey now and of course they were like you know I mean they've been very nice to me Mike and Steve they've been great to me they brought me that the panther Jersey opening night Steve Dangerfield helped me to get those great seats where I am now in the arena and the brand where arena you know but they hit me like poison anyway because it's it's a panther thing you know so I didn't waste a second I mean I started writing about how come you guys are like you know sending us the select to seat things and the new prices which are a little bit higher but not too bad and you're not asking any questions about what we liked about it and they say to me oh didn't you get the question there I said no we must have left you out somehow if you're reading they left me out so then I launched right into the thing about the goal lights and then of course the second later I get on the elevator go down they're just getting on the elevator so they had no choice they couldn't escape me and I'm going bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap you like that about the goal lights about being able to see the red light and they're asking me well which ones do you think are the best ones yeah how serious they were serious and I said all the ones that they had at Maple Leaf Gardens you know where the two red lights when they flash around and green oh yeah well I would be good so I think maybe they might actually do something for next season I just mentioned that in passing and then also in passing I was a tell him I was at the air can of the center in Toronto and they said oh yeah how did you like it and I'm telling him comparing the two places and about how the food is much better up there but that we got a better arena much wider aisles etc and so on and they're asking me why I was there I said I was there night the least beat the panthers 911 and they said oh and they ran out the door what did that have to do with the old head and do with guilty again talking about all these things about knocking paid for certain things but then we the three of us got into a conversation in the toilet about this place which I think there's something you know there's a connection there being in the toilet talking about QAM and there's a really whole evolutionary process that they are I could probably spend the whole rest of the show which I won't do a monologue about the way that this place is developed I'd have to leave certain parts up you know what I'm saying roll I have to leave certain things out like about who's got naked pictures of whom which we already know by now but the fact is that I can't get the words out I can't say this no seriously I I said here this morning thinking this I know this is going to be a complete turnaround and you're going to think that I'm saying this to stir up something but I'm not this is the best place I've ever worked now look at George look at that no no and you want to know why I know why no no it is because see I never understood how good it was until this morning thank you Gelldy see Gelldy you can understand why he's so grateful because he's working here and they leave him on the air and everybody's going hey look look at him a little in the day just he just keeps burrowing his way along you know collected a paycheck having a good time you don't say you can't complain about the management here because there isn't any they leave you will not leave you leave you alone they just and look at that just as soon as I said that Mr. Bulbas oh nice knows today by the way finally he'll look they are oblivious I mean they just they're gone you know you go out of town a couple of days as long as the spots get on the air they don't care about anything and Greg read his mother right now yeah that's right he said we don't care just get the spots on here get those checks in here and look at his guy he looks like he just swallowed a god damn durable either through his mouth or through his back home somewhere it's true this is the best place that George and I have ever worked we didn't understand that it took a 17 months to figure that out because I'll tell you what also inspires me to say that this morning I'm watching CNBC and there's a thing that are about Cox Broadcasting just bought some big cable company for 3.2 billion dollars okay this is the same Cox Broadcasting it was whining and complaining about how WIPE was like you know not what was losing money and it couldn't make it work and they like they sold us to a grave robbery to pack them they took all of our lives and they just threw us to the wolves the same Cox Broadcasting that they think they're our good friends over there you know Bob and Cheryl all those other lunatics 3.2 billion they bought some cable company they don't give a crap about people I'm not saying here that they care about people here they just they all they care about his getting the spots on here but they don't care about anything here that's the good part I mean it's nothing anything they're just here it's just a club it's just a fraternity it's evolved in this that's why air that's why everybody's been able to set up their own little empire here because it just happens this place is on you've heard a Jefferson pilot this is autopilot yeah this this company is on autopilot it just happens by itself everybody in their lucky to everybody shows up maybe they can carry shows up he grinds through that power 96 that crap machine they got over there oh my god they got every ethnic uh... young and a whole deal and the Schwarzer in town listening that crap hoochie kuchi music they're cranked a cash do there it's unbelievable and then bomb the k-cranks up that country that shot taken crap over there on the kiss their kiss in it another cash cow to money is just pouring through there and then over here of course the last comes in here in citizen is a little high chair next door which is a beautiful desk by the way I complimented on this morning walking through there he sits in there is high chair looking at those porto pictures be gave me yesterday and that's it and we just call coming every day and they could happen in the money you hear these breaks on here we got commercial breaks longer than some of the programs on this station and the money keeps cranking through and cranking through and they don't spend and he certainly not on q-a-n still don't spend the time he can't complain about our promotional budget we don't have any look we got ready to him thank god what was that he got a phone call and he actually took it wow so like I said I know and the money they pay a lot of money not paying you a lot of money but you're doing okay you managed this last year you all live yeah look at the fighting more between whammy and all the other shortage stuff this last year you managed to fake your way through a reasonable year don't forget all those high price appearances and all those high price appearances like your bigger parents down at home that last Saturday where we had the big people show up that guy that call yesterday you know so I hope that I don't wish anything bad on anybody in our audience okay even the assholes but you really ought to go to a church or show or you ought to take up religion go to the Buddhist place go to see your neighborhood monk because that's bad he had his wife and two kids in the car could have been a force him could have come and seen you and if you would have had four people down or you would have thought especially if they would have shown up late you would have thought well let's say at least it made it worthwhile somebody came by down here in home stead they would have gotten all the price that and you guys would have gotten all the price you could have spun the wheel to all the prices were gone even though it was probably a bunch of crap like we usually give away so this is a major bullet in the arangers is just discovered like a year and a half later this is the best place I've ever worked in my life see now that it was finally we don't have to at least I don't have to sue many more to try to get my uh bonus check on time I've got them trained I've got them conditioned and now I realized that all the preconceptions we had before about the way the business is supposed to be it was never that way anyway the other people just put on a big act like they really care like the sales people cared over there at the back and no it was the same bosos or that it cost broadcasting the day give a crap no that fact it cost broadcasting all we ever used to get was oh don't bother us we don't have time for you guys we're doing the selling to hurricanes in the bottom that's all we ever heard from because we had we didn't have separate the sales departments over there for sports and the talk shows like we do over here it was all the same people oh no bother us we got all this stuff to sell so we can like hope to break even on it in a cost broadcasting is got the host but to buy some goddamn cable company for three point two billion dollars today after they sold us down the river and little bob meal comes down here from Atlanta wow we sold you to passion and we couldn't make a dime with you bastard and I got better things to do than come down here and tell people on a disoldest stupid radio station like he's so important little shrimp to feet tall little Napoleonic piece of crap and by the way Bob and Cheryl I'm not calling him any more to wish him happy birthday because you guys think you're gonna buy this station some days since you're not the games that people play the little manipulations and little you know trying to like you know don't try and give me a song to the answer you care about my life now thank god that I'm here look how much better I'm doing on this station than it was over there at WI yeah we had thrill and we had you know we had a we had stuff that was who cares about that why how should I care about that tools doing great in Los Angeles he's making hell a lot more money than he was ever gonna make here he's heard 50,000 lots all over the guy damn oyster new S.V.A. he's legendary he's doing great we're doing fine I'm maybe maybe I've been born again maybe that's what the deal is seriously I've had a readbirth all thanks to taking a leak with guilty in the amends room that's what did it thank you guilty I even take back what I said about him I mean still sounds like a little pork but nevertheless he's grinding it out he shows up every day except of course when the hockey teams on the road he's doing his busmen's haul of in getting laid a lot on those road trips but nevertheless so who might be grudge him okay so yeah you can't that's the problem you become conditioned you become conditioned into thinking and and for me that's bad because I'm the one that's always saying don't be intractably you've got to try new things you have to keep an open mind but unfortunately after a very long time like the first 200 years in his business I have conditioned myself in a believing that things are supposed to be done in a certain way like you're supposed to care about the clients you're supposed to care about all these things and here we don't care about anything except get the spots on a year bringing as much money as we can that's it that's the beef we need philosophy that's the beginning of it and the end of it that's it it's like DNA Stu no harm very simple we got a new attitude right we got a whole new attitude here baby yeah we're kicking ass thank you guilty now you talk about unlikely huh is that unlikely or what the guilty would have ever been been the one out of the mouths of the bays out of the mouths of uh squeaky babes he ain't no babe I'll tell you that but nevertheless thank you guilty for giving me a whole new insight as to what life is really all about and you know some of these people that are always saying well what do you belly I can but you're right you're right no seriously like Monday you know when I mentioned the checks and Miriam was in there within five minutes and I had those two big checks including the bonus check which you saw that once it was like right through the envelope I took home more money on Monday than a lot of the then probably most people in this audience will take home any year right so what am I complaining about but what audience what do I care if the spots get on or not I don't care conscience who needs a freaking conscience I'll give an example top of the part they don't care that's an expo right here they don't care they they they they they have an attitude just like we do here that's why life-competal park we don't give a crap we don't care we'll pay if we're to do the spot just put about your stuff on here what we do happen have something special tonight that's right tonight is made tough so check out the special harness racing discovery night party at Pompittal harness I don't have to grow up I'm a done's new up kid I can always feel myself or something bad I get it's on the people when I kill everyone it's cool stuff my dad said it's okay I'm excited for side by right side by the MRA and let's be be a done's there run kids he's a guns are us kids I call them how to shoot we're evenly loves the side of what no wait that kind of cute I'm a hummus I don't see red neck with the side I don't think it's a nice I'm alive time member of the NRA that's why I've already seen guns arose in the world I'm glad they're going to run one of the two at five sixty what would happen to the overhead here while I was doing that spot something I've you know something I think it's an active oh god yeah something happened in here I think that we're having like a a non-religious experience here today man the evolution of WQAM is we know it today and we got screw-in back there and sales she runs her little empire because this she can because nobody gets in her way because she's got the pictures and we got the water not seem back there she likes bosses everybody around and bitches everybody around and like siphons out the water right outside of the building because they don't have collagan over there for those four bansons like we do over here because she can because she's got naked pictures so everybody here basically thinks that they run a place because nobody really does that's why it's become what it is but the good part see when we were downstairs on a second floor that wasn't too good because it was like a mystery you know but now that we're up here there's almost there's not really a wall but there's almost like a dividing line the way things are built the studios for us and the sports nerds are all like on one side and then like way down the hall there's like a separation point where they got that power 96 production studio where Johnny a himain is whatever his name was jam and Johnny was cranking at those few days he was cranking at the music to and then way over on the other side you got all those other people with their titles all those important people like Ray Perry and screw-in and the water Nazi and Greg Reena all of those people so this is great we got Jeff Cohen is gonna take a nice shower first before it comes over here thank god I don't want anybody ever coming in here smelling like the nephew did the other day by the way oh and Eric's poor you know we were talking about you this morning Joe poor shelter Joe costel oh maybe that's why you're so uptight about feet yeah I mean if you think he's uptight about feet you should have seen that expression on his post when yesterday he saw those naked pictures that we got in that package all those guys with big oh my god especially the mama tray and his head on it what do you know which head I'm talking about I mean you just sheltered it's so sad that you're so American forgot it's supposed to be a tad it's you're not at all a tad it a tines would never have reacted to those pictures the way you did with such like a gas you know just ran out the door like you're speechless you're gonna get gainess on him gainess as in Greg Luke as in Greg Luke how'd you like to have a picture of that huh I hear you feeling to well I wouldn't have the heaven Greg on you but at any rate no seriously they're just so many Americans just like poor little Joe costel or so uh ain't over ten of it so sad good guy but just uh needs to to get out a lot more get out of the house you know I mean you know and I realize you don't want to shave your nuts out in public so you can still do that in the house but other than that get out of the house walk outside sniff the diaphytals check out what real life is all about he is so freaking American but even Joe would agree now I think that this is the best place to work in the world even though he's not making any money he's on the year now on Saturday morning even we got screwed over by somebody by the salespeople but he's on the air there with every single show what what's not to like here we got free food come in today again from a ponytail all the food you could ever want to eat we got the guy coming with my what's his name Mel no he's not coming I uh gotta show you in on that what does that mean I'm not getting my things today not today well I got news for him I'll go out and buy one man then do that what what is it why not I'll tell you during the break no tell me now I'll say that doesn't decide it they were wanting merchandise leaving the store unless it's pre-paid so the guy uh this is window this morning before he had to show up to work to bring it down to you so it needed be paid ahead of time but like I like I said like I couldn't have given him a credit card number and I said we will if we call you with a credit card number or if Boca Brian goes down there with a check and you still bring it today and he said no I can't leave work so I can't Boca Brian do it I don't know I haven't spoken to him yet well why don't you call him that little lard s pc to turn okay that ball hit a geek I got his check anyway that's in center for him to come down let him pay for it now reimburse him I got my check don't screw up my day now Jesus just when I finally hit the high I finally hit it I'm finally on top of the world I finally after all this time realized how great things are and now you're gonna screw me up with the CD burner ain't coming today I'm sorry I want it now I'm out one of those people like when I decide I want to buy a new Corvette I'm not gonna sit around away forever I go down a loopback rope I see what they got I call up first I call my good friend Greg Nelson and if they well got when I want I'm down there two hours later they got all the paperwork done here you go here is the keys have a great life I'm out there on the road singing the song that's the way to do things not dittler round and drag your feet let's get with it okay I'm real disappointed with those people that mel guy down there what is the name of that place that bogus place sand ash sand ash sand ash Jesus Christ what kind of a deal is that if both of Brian's listening and I'm sure he is you better get with it mister okay are we had a great reduction in that those extra funds you've been getting from this place mr. triple differ sand ash fam i see i don't understand that they should call up our good friend Kenny at the limo company and put the dancing in a limousine and said it over here don't want to thank since I'm giving them free publicity and by the way john penis why you were here i forgot to mention thanks very much for not helping me get any my good stuff from appliance TV people and the same goes for my good friend Yuri sarner that was talking a good game out there smoking a faggot two days ago sitting out there on the stoop but never came in here to get that things straight not about that camcorder everybody here talks a good game see there i am again i'm backsliding stop doing that okay you just decided how great it is here i mean just the fact we got a few assholes around here let me expect we got a million sales people they brought a new sales guy in here this morning frank if you met frank yet he seems like a nice guy at least so far course after couple weeks he'll be an asshole because he well it goes for the territory selling here and it'll probably be hanging out with a Peter Leonard guy oh it is that guy give me the creeps if you met him you know what's on the talking about doesn't he give you the creeps ooh god slimy okay what happened bokeh bronzer that melons an asshole he's gonna talk to whoever he deals with its emash with a good guy who can make things happen and oh yeah right and if he think of a blind jack don't want to go to screw up what and if he can't accommodate us today he will drive down here and bring it himself okay today today well like like he's doing us doing me a big favor no he's just saying he's a guy out of the gutter i took this kind of a dumpster he had a gun to his head in the dumpster am i right the most depressing human being on the face of the earth and like maybe he'll do me a favor okay and drive down here from bokeh like in a hill interrupt his busy agenda his busy schedule for the day man like i said things are pretty good but they still could be better oh man when you're surrounded to see that's the problem it's time slow everybody is real slow they don't know about hey hot to a kill you out no they don't know from that it's uh the heat's always good excuse i don't think it's that anything do with a guy damn heat could be 20 below zero it's still be slow nine minutes after 11 and five sixty but the kill this is the defining moment in my life this particular day right at town made 12 1999 i don't know what it is must have been taken a leap with guilty this morning i mean i didn't expect it for him to hold a form even morning sun five sixty sports vag radio will never be the same starting this Monday it's the damn steward and Brian Andrew show all we're buying we insist this soldier and Howard's line oh we're fine and i am Monday through Friday only on five sixty w q a copper Let's go to the first five. Come on! Let's go to the first five. When it was easy to break out, then the new boat needs to hook it by five times. When it was that trove and driving, trying to hook it by five times. If we're going down, we're going down. We're going down, we're going down. Come on, come on, come on. Let's go to the first five. Let's go to the first five. Let's go to the first five. Let's go to the first five. Let's go to the first five. Let's go to the first five. Roll! Okay. I'll lose a lot of balloons and everybody out there is vocal posture. That's all. Fly and fill it in and spread out to the center of the road. Yeah, there's my quick panic. Oh! Okay. Okay. Okay. So I'm interesting. See that's another thing. I left off the list of the great benefits we get being in this neighborhood here in Little Jamaica. Is we get all the free weed that we want? So I hope in the first of all, I'll get this envelope here from the Petra View in High Lea. It's in rest two. WQAN is in Neil, Caraville Rogers. So automatically, whoever addressed this, he's an asshole. Probably she in this case. I hope in an up and here are four complimentary tickets to strap yourselves in. Right in here, to the catch show at the date count of you through an expo center. The catch show may 22nd and third 10A in the five feet. I'm sponsored by Frisky, no less. Is that incredible? Anybody want to go to the catch show? Oh! Anybody want to go check out all the pussy at the... Oh no! By the way, speaking of that, there's a grotesque story. I don't want to waste a lot of time on this, but being the dog lover that I am, being like a real human being. See real people of dogs. People that are like, I don't even know how to explain people in the catch. People like us who are anti-social and therefore they gravitate toward catch because catch a anti-social. But there's this horrible comment. Thank you, Clark Spencer, by the way, when I first saw this in a hurled this morning, I thought, why is he wasting all of this time on his hearts and flowers to write about this poor little dog Benji over there? But then I read the story, and I thought, you know, what all the other crap that they write about and the 500 articles about that bad boom ball that they're playing now? This is a good call of my Clark Spencer. To show you what a bunch of assholes, especially Ken Dunno over there at Calder Race Track. I want to say this to you, okay, Ken you're done. You're a jackass. Ken Dunno, Calder? He's an asshole. Yeah, always has been. Always been a real jerk. And the Churchill downs people had ball called a race course. What this article is all about is a 17 year old mut named Benji, who's been hanging around here at the track for years and years. He's like the track mascot and he's, you know, a great little dog. And it all, it's a race track everywhere. There are dogs around horses all the time. The most amazing part about this is that they've got cats and goats. It says, which are in much higher number than dogs it called or as in most race tracks. Cats are valued for keeping a lid on the road and population and goats are favored by many trainers as they're coming in for overly nervous horses. So cats and goats are okay, but they want dogs out because Churchill downs, they had an incident up there with the Churchill downs or whatever. A dog frightened an injured or horse up in Kentucky, Churchill down. So therefore the owners of the organization who just bought called a race track decided that dogs are bad and should be allowed at the track. Every racetrack I've ever been at, there's dogs all over the place. And here's this poor little Benji who was been hobbling around after hitting run accident back in the 80s on three legs. Where everybody loves over there and they want to kick the dog out, they want to force them to take the dog off the track, which George Julian, the trainer, which him and his wife owned the dog, take care of them. They say that removing him from the environment where he's like, you know, probably killer dog. 17 year old little mutt, isn't bothering anybody, they want to be moving from the track. This is the kind of assholes we have running around this town. And in Kentucky to a Churchill down, but I hope that somebody pees on your parade up there, okay, Churchill downs. God, what a bunch of assholes. So, and in perfect for this town man, I'll tell you when Churchill downs bought called a race course here in South Florida. They fit in like a rubber glove. Just like all the condo commandos kicking everybody out because they got pet suit or kids or whatever it is, at the Florida FM mentality man. I certainly don't want to make a cause to live over a free legged dog called a president can done said, but if you make an exception for Benji, then the next step is the free Benji mode is that every person back there's going to want a dog. Why is that can you jack ass? Why can't you just this one time even Michael Corleoni made an exception one time in a godfather? Why can't you do it Mr. Hot Shot? I say that everybody ought to like make this into a cause to live either saved the dog there at the corner or just stop subsidizing them over there. Screw them. Of course everybody stopped doing their anyway right? Especially now that Harley is running. What am I so wound up about today? Must have been taken at Lakewood Goli this morning. My life is just a, now what's the deal with this thing? Have you got another call? I've got a, they have it. Who has thing? A plant's TV? Our great problems. You can apply to TVD Poles. They have a single recorder by pioneer. What are you doing in single recorder one that you can't do from one to the other? No, in other words you hook it up to your stereo. I don't want that. Well, that's all they have. That's all they have. Yeah. So the search continues. I mean, I'll call you. Well, you know what? No, it's not a search. It's not a search. What bothers me is that Sam asks is got what I want. It's not a search. They got it. Didn't the guy yesterday go out of his way to say, I got it. What do you want? We'll set it aside for you. Isn't that what he said right here on this guy named Heidi Wader Joe. That everybody in town is listening to. So you don't promise me something and then like shine. I don't care what the policy is. I got the best guy named credit in the world. I got a million credit cards. We could have given him a credit card number. If the guy don't trust me to give him a check, what you see right in there. Here's the moment when this door is conceived by checkbook. What are these checks? What's on the right in any bad checks, okay? Mr. Hotchon. Kha. You try to do business. You try to give somebody your money. And here we had people calling in yesterday. And with all these other deals saying, Oh, you should buy the other one. Had to touch here. Whatever it was, the other one guys said. We had a half dozen people saying, Oh, this one is cheaper. And it's much better. And this is, but I had already made a deal. And being a man of my word, I figured, okay. And also being lazy. You know, the course of the Easter's distance. Bring it over here's the check. And let's get the deal done. Give me my guy damn CD burner. So I can go make my CDs. And listen to what I want to hear instead of a bunch of crap on FM radio, which blows in his market. Everything's a big song at a dance because everybody talks. But everybody talks to the big game. Well, it comes to producing. Yeah, that's what you get. Here's a mirror, Mar. Hello. And you guys, guys, been on there 50, two minutes. That's all right. I've been rambling on here like a maniac. Bapapapapap. I'm not a control. It's funny. I agree with most of everything you said. Affinating. I just want to add my two cents about the IPOs. Right. Every of the other colors were correct. I just wanted to add there is a securities and exchange commission rule. Yeah. That the initial principles, the people that get in it, you know, the, you know, the local arts. They have to hold the stock for 90 days after the IPO. So if it goes to 60 or 70, whatever they can't get out. If in 90 days it goes down to a dollar, you know, they're stuck with it. Right. So that's an SEC rule. Yeah, but most of these recent ones, as you know, most of these internet, I don't know. I don't know. They've gone through the roof. They started four or five or ten or whatever. All right. It's one yesterday in 19th and they got 150, 210. It's ridiculous. Well, like you said, that's the history of the maniac. I mean, I wonder if you're like eBay and some of these other ones. What they'll start it in Yahoo. I mean, they were, we're talking, those two guys that started Yahoo to one or Asian kid and the other guy has part of it. They, they were like couple of college guys. I know. A couple of goofballs. They had a piece of, and they're billionaires now. Right. A couple of Yahoo's. Right. I just wanted to let you know that they, you know, you said, well, the guys get res well, they do their net worth does. But they have to stick it out. So they have to stick it out. Right. All right. Thanks for a good news. Well, at least maybe there are a few people getting burned by it, which we feel bad. Speaking of a CD burners, you'll have it by the end of the day. Yeah. Or to other. Well, based on who? Vocal line contact real contact is there. Yeah. Yeah. How we did this. That's how this is contact. Yeah. Just connection. Yeah. Is there. So either he or Boca Brian himself will bring it down here to you today before. Why does a Boca Brian just pay for it? And maybe he has got big plans today. I don't know. Oh, really? Yeah. But that won't be the later night I would think. He's not like Tony tail. He ain't doing it in the middle of the day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And let's get back to that great letter in the editor. How come we've had no response from our atheist out there in Radio Land? The Holy Dory? Here's a girl. She's a freshman and you know something. I give her a lot of credit because in this god damn country that everybody's intimidated by these religious assholes. Very few people have got the guts. They've got the hoots, but even come out of the atheist closet. Then any other one you can think of including the moment we're talking about yesterday. That's the biggest closet of them all. And here's a girl who's a freshman at Piper High who's a great student vice president of her class, a whatever she is, and she's an proud atheist. And says cut the crap with trying to blame everything on taking religion out of the school because it's a bunch of bull crap. Where's all of our atheist out there? And who want to congratulate Holly Dordy and say amen and god bless you. Oh god. Right. God damn it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T one last line. But you're a... Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, okay, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey I saw you just crazy, stop you, what if you really are as good? You just gotta tell them what you wanna do, so now they feel like they're having fun with me? I always try and say they said it but I didn't catch you, probably so we drown in love with you, well I could have asked you to do it for me to have you, but I had to keep in touch. So, what did you say then to me? And it seems as though just since I spoke to you last before before the last commercial break, it seems as though my good close friends at Sam asked have had to change your heart up there in wherever the hell they are. Where are they in Margate? Yes. Yeah. They've had to change your heart. Oh, I did have to just give Georgia credit card like my American Express platinum number for over the phone. Now who's bringing it down? Is Mel bring it down? No, we'll be bringing it down. Mel himself will be bringing it down. Who am I impressed? Am I impressed? Huh? No. After they put us through that exercise, like I'm some kind of a guy damn deadbeat here. Oh, boy. You talk about some people I need to learn a little bit about doing business. Those people up there are Sam Assen market. It wasn't up to Mel. I'm not playing with Mel. I'm not playing with Mel. I'm not playing with people at Sam Assen market for putting Mel to the ringer. And we wish him luck in his new job. In fact, maybe when he leaves here today, he can go like star on his new job. And don't forget the discs, no. Don't forget those discs, okay? I want 30 of which I'm not looking for a freebie. He's all paid for whatever. I can handle it, okay? I can squeeze it out in the cash too. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. I'm going to be waiting 55 minutes. Sure. If we had a metal, I would send it to you. Well, this story I'm about to tell you. You're like that's why I held on. Okay. First of all, yes, that met a one of our loan forces. My eye had it. That has absolutely no business dealing with the public. First of all, this guy's teeth were just pictures. All saw black, brown, purple, red light. Like, crummy stuff. It looked like the guy just finished eating a egg and ham could start. I mean, this thing was still disgusting. I couldn't stand and look at him. On old one? Uh, like a saw saw. A hack saw? Oh, a hack saw, yeah. Yeah, it looks like. Okay. So, I mean, this guy's keep with terrible. Why is he dealing with the public? I have no idea. I mean, can you imagine this guy has to get somebody sick of you? Okay. Well, listen, thanks for waiting 55 minutes to tell us that. Can you believe that? 55 minutes is guy. Wait, did tell us about hack the wife or whatever. He was like hack Wilson. Whatever kind of husser I he was talking about. And he don't even know what husser I is. Well, it's a miracle. I can say that with all his cheese and my throat. For my great lunch from the world famous pizza lock, which I've known to sit in here eat what? I wouldn't get carried away. It's very, very good. Don't don't say awesome. I mean, just it sounds so self serving. I can say it's awesome. But if you say it sounds so self serving. Pizza lock is great. And we got a nice green lunch here right now. It's a matter of fact. We got eight million open lines. By the way, so this is the only thing. Like I said before, everything else in my life is great. This is the best God damn place that never worked in my life. They leave everybody alone. What do you look at like that? Look at look at look on his face. You haven't heard the story. I had a re I would have a born again experience this morning with guilty in the T room. Not that kind of experience. I've just been there taking a leak and he and George and I had a little bit of about a 45 second conversation that converted me to see the light. So for me almost a year and a half of being in here. And I realized that my way isn't necessarily the right way when it comes to this business. I mean, like the right way, like doing real business. This way is the better way. You get paid a lot of money and you come in and you do your thing. You go home to a clock and they just pay no attention. You show up whenever you feel like it. Oh, I'm going to take two or three weeks off. Okay, have a good time. Here's your check. No, seriously. That's the way it works here. It's great. Oh, Joe Rose is going on New York for a while. He's working for channel 6. Thanks going for ESPN to the greatness. Okay. Have a good trip. You know, see you in a few days. Let me get back. That's the way it works here. So the only problem I got is about dead head audience, which is it's the same on any station. It was the same on I. You were spent like 10 years begging for calls. The same on Zeta when we had that ask. Show going in the morning there after the novelty in the first couple of months. This phone with dead is a door even I and Z when I started changing the format there in midday after the first month I remember sitting there talking to myself. I'll after our belly. It can bitch in and carrying on. It's not the station. It's not me. It's this town. That ain't going to change. So what am I getting excited about? I don't give a flying crap if anybody ever calls their show again to be honest with you. Because look at where that seriously. What what difference does it make? Am I going to get paid whether they call or not? Yeah. You bet. Does anybody here pay any attention to it? No. They care. They couldn't give a crap if it's a fact. You know something they wouldn't like if the phone stopped ringing then it could take the phones out. That's right. Look at all the money we could save here. Don't let Greg read here about this. If I want to clock the phones will be gone. Oh yeah. It's a talk show but that don't mean we got to take phone calls. Hey good thinking boys. Let's get the phone company on a line. That's a sure way to get rid of those pinning ass phone problems we've been having. Just take the goddamn phones out. Oh. God. What a concept. That's the way they are. And what's wrong with being cheap? What's wrong with being a cheap. That's what I always said. Long of the paychecks come through as long as they cash. That's all we care about. Lot of free meals like our friends at the pizza loft today. And I'm giving you a 20 or 30 free plugs and why not. In fact, I think you'd love the phone calls. I'll just hit here and give everybody free plugs. Like if saying ass shows up today. And I unit turns out to work good. Unlike that crappy a cancord of that Gary Sardagami that intervened in ways about 25 pounds like you can get a hernia lugging it around. I don't say I tell you I want the lightest the most compact the most lightweight one that money can buy. Price is no object. You don't mean I can afford a few extra bucks. Okay. I'm not trying to do or go anybody down with a price. Just give me one at works. And you leave it to a needle nose like Gary Sardagami. He brings me this, you know, in a beginning I thought it was okay until I lifted it. And then you see in the camcorder too. God, then it's like having an extra piece of luggage. Who the hell wants that? Who weighs like about 85 pounds? Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Mobile in Davy. Fifteen minutes and nine seconds this guy waited. Maybe Greg heard you and pulled the phone out. I had a Greg disconnected the phone. You're right. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. Can you tell me? I hear you. Hey, what's up? You enjoying your lunch? I'm so far so good. I would go up a minute and have a chance to eat or be great. Great. Great. Well, let me talk and you go ahead and... Go ahead. Okay. Yeah, that's the shame you had an Arnold Rolls capsule a while back. And who brought the food? Meaning what? Oh, I'm Murray used to bring it. Well, somebody else brought it. Murray bringing it in. Oh, my Hudson was Hudson. It was Hudson. Oh, right. I like Hudson. Yeah. Hey, Nate. He's a nice guy. Yeah. Good. Nobody beats Murray. I'm next Murray. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm from North Miami. I lived down from where you used to live. Between life? Yeah. Yeah. Member Paul's drugs? Yes, I do. A little, uh, I remember very well. Uh-huh. Yeah, they're gone too. Yeah. I used to buy my stamps at Paul's drugs. Me too. Me too. I'm a member of Murray's pizza. Oh, my God. I had the most delicious... I'll tell you a lot of things. Jeff's calling Jeff Cohen's lucky. They're Murray's pizzas out of business because that place was dynamite. Oh, absolutely. We were one of the ones who got the bomb. They were there across from the flea market. Right. Well, you know what happens. Since all the shparks have moved in there to North Day, that everybody else moved out. So all the places who went out of business, Paul's drugs has gone. Mary's has long gone. Yeah. Yeah. Had a lot of a rib shack places up there. I don't know. I even bought a cute barn went there. A barbecue barn went bust. Well, they're there, but they're not on the same people. Yeah. Although that wonder watermelon stands don't pretty good. Right up there by the Golden Lady dinner chamber. Oh, they're doing that. Yeah, this spaghetti bowl. Uh-huh. The major elections in North Miami. They have to have a reelection on Tuesday. Yeah. But between the Celestean and Frank Walland. Yeah. We'll see how that turns out. Okay. We'll see how that turns out. Let me ask you something. Including, yeah. You didn't close. Tell me. You had mentioned earlier that was a cat show. Yeah. When is it, please? I don't know. I threw the crap out. Oh, no. I was going to ask you. Bonnie's second and twenty-three. Did they count a youth fair? Wonderful. Listen. If you're not going to use it, pick it. Bonnie won't be for no one to find. Can I, I want you to stop and think about this. Okay. I have like a couple of calls on the board. Three at the moment. Okay. Three. This, this broad, this bitch calls here. Pretending to be like, oh, might you remember this, man? What all is verbal for play? Which I should have known that she had no material. What is she doing? She's stuck it around for the free cat show tickets. Lady, I hope you wind up tomorrow with 25 fur balls deep in your throat. Okay? Or something even worse. God. Story of my life. Like I said, I'm all hyped up and I got my self-convictivity in this So great. But these call this time. See, that's the one I can't change that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T world of slime. That was one of the most shameless piece of direct calls I have ever had in my life. Unable, unacceptable, unbelievable. Lady, if I had 50,000 tickets to the freaking catchel, I still wouldn't give them to you. Okay? Bitch. Well, seriously, that's a, that's a bitch. If you look, if you look up the word in the dictionary, her post is right next to the words in the dictionary, she's a bitch. 20 till noon if you, I am, you know, provoking. Hey, buddy, have a heart or a liver. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Hey, my words go wrong into a day when I'm in this one time of this train. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. I've appreciated it if you were educated with all the old ads like. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. You can have more of your in the shelf's light, amen? It's easy or that way. One by X, and C, two last. So don't fall from now. Two guys, first, two stars, and I'm slowly and speed up all the limb by the last. What's about to go? Let me go. Careful. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Go tell, my body is filthy, can smartly relax meolic. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. It's you, okay? What are eighting? Like, when you get so used, Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shub, those blood deeds up my ass. Shout, darling. Sebastian Haller, Best Defendantå­ and Preså¯æ˜¯, Again! Shub! Okay, one police story's on here now. Okay, Jeff Cohen is in here telling me all of these ass stories. I mean, right in the middle of my lunch, just unbelievable. This guy's getting laid more than any 40 of you guys put together, but don't stop coming. Okay, we got 400 open lines here, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, well, let's take it all back to this place, sucks. Okay, is that Mickey happy or you're, oh, okay. Here's a facts from Bob as in Bob and Neil. It's as after this horrible tragedy in Colorado, lifting all these simple, mostly right wings, solutions involving God and Jesus and the 10 commandments and also at the other superstition. It's so refreshing to hear that they're irrational and tell a young people like Colleague, Piper High, right Bob? I hope she stands by what she said in a letter. We'll not allow anyone to call it a rectal and judge me with any religious BS, the inevitable consequence of this letter, of course, that some Christian asshole, most likely someone more than twice a rage, will respond to Holly's letter when a very condescending manner with more religious Bible verses and simple answers. Horrible, Holly says Bob, but the only one that has any response to what our callers, they're non-plastic, I know nothing to say. So like I said, like my mother always says, life could be beautiful but innate and this job could be sensational but innate because not of inside here but because of outside, because of these phones, because of this audience, because of these deadheads. 560, 7, oh, I got news for, I don't care though. Like I said, I got a whole new attitude, but I always like that, Mickey, I've been wanting a lot. Especially the song he does on his album with my gun, couldn't seem as well at a paper sack, he's stuck in gun in his back though, and he can't like it, but it couldn't seem as well at a paper sack. We thought of for me cover some of it. This is the way, listen to this, listen to this, just so bad. There's anybody who thinks that this guy can say. I mean, it's like a joke, isn't it? Isn't that like a put on? What kind of a voice is that? The knee careful, I mean, that's unbelievable. He made it like I told you yesterday, you laughed, the knee-mixer and weaky sound like hercules. He does. Boy, boy. The careful with my. And this guy's making millions. There's hope for all of us, okay? I think they're disconnecting all of goddamn lines as I speak. I think I give them a good idea here. Look, I got two calls on a board. Here's a mobile in Davy, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Anyhow. Yes, Ryan? God, these people are taking us to the limo in Davy. Yeah. And we want to tell you, we'll come to you also when we stock up cars with. Okay, great. Thank you. Here's a mobile in Weston, hello. All right, Neil. I want to need to want the pussy to get to know I got this guy wants a free plug. Yes? You're a last call, sir. This is it. This is the end of my life. It's also when I find a guy to like it. It's job now. The audience crashed out just like they always do to you in this town. They turn on you like a rent like a cornered rent. Yeah, you know, I was going to my first intro was going to be. You know, you really need to like your job when you get up on the morning. You need to have a good positive at it. Right. You seem to have that at the beginning, but it's these people are just calling in and making your life miserable. They're not, they're not even calling in. My question for you, Neil, just curious and I might be. Stupid or something, but how do you guys get your ratings? How do you guys kind of make quality to ratings every month as far as they pick a motto ahead? Well, you always seem to be getting good rating. Because I'm lucky. That's right. Because I know the guy that picks he feels about he feels the change. He knows which ones of the enc out. Well, they send diaries that arbitransants diaries out to a various parts of town and people fill them out and if they feel like it and that's the way they do it. Really? They just mail them to people? Yeah. They call you first and they give you like a buck or some stupid thing like that. And then if you happen to be an ethnic, they give you like two bucks or five bucks to make it more likely you'll fill it out. All right. Thanks, Neil. I appreciate you. Okay. God bless you, sir. Okay. The audience is automatically, is that a bulletin? Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. They got nothing to say about Holly Dornies. Letter to the editor. It's the best letter I've ever written. It gives me hope for the future of the human race. And this audience has got nothing to say about it. They got nothing to say about poor vingy this dog. You know, see, that's what's wrong with you, people. You got no heart. You have no passion for anything. Here they want to kick this little seventeen year old dog off the ground that called her because the people that run it now from Churchill bounds are a bunch of great robbing assholes. You show me a person that doesn't like a dog and I'll show you something that belongs in a box. I'll tell you that right now. Including the assholes at Churchill, Bound and including Kenny Dunn at Coutter Race course, shame on you sir. Probably scared of your own shadow. He don't want to step on anybody's toes over there. Of course, because you don't want to get canned by the people and Churchill bounds. It's probably going out of there anyway. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Uncle Meal, from GameZil, how are you today? Okay, sir. Hey, I was that last guy was stupid by the way. I just wanted to make a comment. We're talking about day trading earlier. Sorry, you're a show. Yeah. I wanted you to know I am my excuse to day trade out. I was sitting in a hotel room on a Friday afternoon with my laptop. It did this day trade made 11,000 or made $8,000 in five minutes. Right. Eight minutes. So I thought I was a day trader. Monday I lost $11,000. Oh, right. So being in the Yangman. It was an interesting experience. It's the old in and out. It's like in your bank account. Did you get to watch that lease game last night? I watched it. I saw that Phantom first school, but I'm not going to be a baby. When you don't have a- It was an exciting game. It was a, it was a, it would turn out the first perid was a co-man. I like to perids were great. And you just could feel that leaves are going to blow up because their defense is young and inexperienced and they just a friend and they're own in, but, you know, it's only took ends to one. That's it. You want your buy out stock today? Yeah. DMEC. Drec or DMEC. and entertainment coverage there. It could be bought as shared by one of their one of the large retailers in the okay I'm hopping right on at 50 grand. The word okay thanks pal. Okay there you go D.M.A.C. hop on it guys. I think that's what we ought to do and there's nothing wrong with that. See I was reading about that thing. We discussed this once on a year about the laws about whatever they call that about goosing stock prices up hyping and if see if you if you are involved in that business and you don't if you don't reveal that you have stock in a whatever company you're promoting then it's illegal in the SEC steps in but if you're not involved in the business if you're not a broker or somehow involved in securities then you can go on and perform one thing you want. I said that's what we ought to do with the show instead of wasting our time trying to get rational calls since we don't get any any huh. Is let's start making a lot of money everybody let's just start goose and up a pick a stock every day and we'll just uh... whatever. We'll just pour that thing to the top. Push it up there huh. We'll get on the internet and start giving bogus tips like they do. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I really thought I was out of the woods here today you know. I really thought that today was a turning point in my life until I started looking at this phone until I'd bitch called about those cat tickets. You know I could say I had I found four sheets of god damn sharm and toilet paper slightly used on the floor here and within five minutes somebody would call say well you know neogram up through all the toilet paper in a little box and it's getting really ruffle here and we feel like the two guys in that but like commercial you know paper or plastic you know this bottom talking about yeah and how about the can we have that toilet paper. I'm serious there's all there almost nothing I've ever said that came into this place that somebody didn't want. No and no matter what it was we had like that one brought I got that old bag who's calling up and she doesn't even know what would you have in a way. Here's a lady mobile and cross bring so I'm a first time caller all right and how are you great I'm not calling for tickets and calling to tell you how the native great that we need we need we're the whole of the eighty of the god damn it and so to speak. I'm calling to tell you that I enjoy your show I'm calling to tell you that yesterday you said you were taking a code in shower by yourself and I don't care if you're not straight or anything up I would have given you how to get any day okay and I don't know little nervous when you're on the radio for the first time yes and I like the show and I'm very happy with this new goi down because I happen to be Jewish by background and I'm tired of people only saying to me down that's right let's goi down so that's a good one and I like that and I hope those two things that call in with things other than the broken teeth on officers and whatever it is to call or and happy so just do it same to you see all right take care by five six seven oh five sixty worth the atheist out there in this audience don't tell me that I'm only heeding around here me and George because you're in the goddamn closet isn't that the problem aren't you in the closet? I've not seen that this is the problem the only people that speak up at this country are the right wing the the phonetics the phonetical Graham any orthodox you as there's crazy people but it was like he's a countenner that crazy David but everybody else is back like the cats got their tongue at the god damn catch-o and Dave County anybody want those tickets by the way oh God I can't believe that I can but I mean that she she she brought it a sucking around to a new level at broad I mean starts with that little small talk all this boring stuff about Paul's drugs and stuff people I mean Mary's pizza went out of business twenty years ago honey as far as took over North Miami a hundred years ago so I should have suspected but they all been in such a good mood in the middle of my lunch today she coming with my guard down with my right guard down so how's Joe Costellon how that he and Tommy had a free lunch is he feeling a little bit better about life and he won't actually a childish next time he sees naked pictures of guys with hangin out there's slap happy yeah they're slapping it here's Holly would hello yes sir hey did you already talk about that Ricky Martin little right yesterday I don't know about anything about really I guess you did it and I guess it was in New York at Tower Records today I don't know he performed a song I guess out in the street or whatever and like a mini riot broke out yeah maybe they were pissed off maybe they heard it they might they sent a noise pollution people and they might have been hey did you and I'm sure you already noticed that and why am you so desperate now they put 10 on every night at eleven I haven't noticed because they don't watch way me I have watched it since our show and all and I don't want you anything I ever watch and there's more couple once in a while out of a statistic thing I'll watch a Marlon and you're two right yeah I don't watch you right hey you don't have that greeny picture that they got on there you know you don't happen to have any duplons for that I catch a yes I do hang on okay yeah send that guy a five hundred duplons for it okay for this catcho oh lady you are something honey you're you're the epitome about what this town's all about can I have that for free I don't care what it is how about that toilet paper he was joking about if you really got it well take it it's slightly used but it's recyclable oh what a place four minutes till noon at five sixty q a m no fuck and take it out by lubricated food stew. Give me an air-wrecked sign and nail me through the wall. The REPT I owe hands, I wanted to drink your ball. I want to love the coffee, but just do it slowly. And that'll give it a blow. Here's a morning, isn't it? And take it to every Sunday, so you take up and a song on a rack on the surround, you're closing too. And make your wonder where mixture will be smooth. That song will arrive. And your song is Circle Sight. E-R-E-T-B-I-L-N. I want a drink of all. See, I said it all the time. I was just going to let him sit down and tell me what's the meaning of my song. And I first got the call as a rubbing back to reality, because the phone is dead as a dornal. I mean, how can I get the phone to ring at some sponsors place when I can't get my own phone to ring? Do you know what I'm saying? So what's all this Todd's wrecked, expect? Yeah, here's the latest episode. And see, this what happened when you got a place like this, there was nobody running. And you got everybody running around in the hallway. Talkin' up a blue streak, like Todd's wrecking ourselves to the apartment. And of course we know about him. He's a hassle. That's an understatement. In fact, you know something, that's an insult to the word asshole that took kind of a connect Todd wreck with the word. Just to give him an idea, the kind of, I mean, we got some good salespeople to John Peanus. I give him a little bit of crap, but just to keep money's those. Brian's a good guy. Anybody else that we like? Adam. Adam? Adam? Adam? Adam doesn't sell this show. I'm talkin' about people that sell this show. Do we have any other salespeople in this building who sell this show? I don't think so. Huh? I can't think of anybody. So at any rate to make a long story sure, I mentioned the other day that this Todd wreck keeps bugging George and running around to rest of the building asking other people to intercede with George to get tapes to these commercials. We don't do tapes, okay? We don't make cassettes. In addition to which he can make all the cassettes in the world, and it's still like going to get the phone to ring at any place, whether it's Coligan Water or any other sponsor, okay? Now I didn't realize we had a problem because the Coligan people came to land home last Thursday, which he made a big project out of, and a big song that it did, and came in here and I asked them a very simple question, you were a witness, and he went through this long, convaluited thing about the agency, this and Bappa Bappa. I mean, I thought I was losing my mind. It was like if I asked you, what day the week it is, and you went into the Kettis burger dress. You know, it just, it would make any sense. And so now come to find out that he's running around the hall, why just because I've ripped him an ass on the area yesterday, which if he's going to be a salesholder around here, he should get used to that because in his case he deserves it. But running around a hallway about I'm a strange guy, and I'm this, and I'm that, and the Coligan people haven't got one phone call yet, and I suck, and no, or, right, if I suck, then let me ask you something, Todd, what do you waste the year time selling this show for? We can't bat a thousand. I liked about a thousand over the years. We've had some sponsors on that we've never been able to work for whatever reason. We've never been able to succeed for him. Nobody bats a thousand. Anybody that's been listening since I came on here in a station, 99% of the people that were on here when I started, they're still on. Am I right? Yeah. So I've been doing Coligan what two, three days? Yeah, a couple of spots. Well, you know, maybe he doesn't understand advertising, but there's like a residual thing. Maybe he doesn't understand that. Because the last water people I did, which I won't mention, their name since the route of business, unfortunately, were bought off by somebody else, and were owned by a win. Remember the tremendous response that they had? I mean, unbelievable. In fact, I still have the letter from them. Kissing the all over every part of my body. They had phenomenal response, but they understood that advertising was all about that there's a residual factor involved. But how can you be a salesperson and not understand, but how advertising works? Unless of course you're full of crap. So rather than running around the building, telling everybody also will listen since they have no effect and no impact on this show, why not tell me what's happening if there's a problem. Wouldn't that make more sense? Yeah. I mean, we've got a re-veaccumulated as strangest bunch. I mean, this Peter Leonard again, you were out taking a leak or something. He come in here before before the show started when Scran was in here having my picture, her picture made with me, which I have no idea what that's all about. Maybe once he likes pictures, you know, he's got a drawer full of them in there. She's got a drawer responsible, you know what I'm talking about? I mean, the pictures. And so this Peter, this creepy little Peter Leonard guy who looks like he just like a slime ball, like he just crawled out of a dumpster, like he slept in there for weeks. And he sticks his head in the door, oh, you're really smoking, you're that same ass sucking crap again that he was giving you the other day. Oh, tell me, he's really smoking. He has smoke this. I think he's smoking. Back to tell me he's oughta start sharing with us, okay? Must be some pretty good crap. But, of course, Todd Drec is concerned. I mean, hey, you know, you, you will reap what you show so or whatever the crap says, whatever that old saying is that old bubble my see. You want to deal with people like a bench, honestly, and openly, and tell me to lay it, let's find I'll see what I can do for you. But if you want to run around the building, backstabbing and stabbing in a back and tell me everybody what a piece of crap I am. A piece of crap, okay, if so, so the morning show, so the Humper Show, okay? Go call on at the beverages place, beverages and whatever that place was, before it's too late, it's too late. You know, all these things. God. You do the best you possibly can, you'd like, I said, you try to be a pro. And then like today is the first day, when I don't give a crap anymore, just like they do. Why should I have a different attitude? Here's a David and Pomp and a why are we doing names, David. Hey Neil, how are you? Oh, that no, no, oh, see what I mean? And I would go, I was on top of the world. All of you people out there that think I exaggerated about this business, the highs and the lows, the ying and the yang, the ups and the downs. Oh, my God, talk about manic, the pressure would no ups. Why are you on the phone, David Horr show? I'm just calling the- What in God's name do you want? I want to know if you're going to celebrate the return of the world's most famous doctor. What in God's name, what the F.R. you talking about? Your friend's animal lector. What does that mean? What does that mean? I just want to know if you were anticipating those books. No. No. Okay, that answers that. What am I going to get some information from you, Ray Brauber's over there? Walk it, James information. Yeah, I got information. I'm going to talk about information on races. I'm talking about information. I'm going to let's go on for this bus. You know, like Carol and at Hot Shot, you brought in from Chicago and you and the other Gray Brauber's over there. I guess I'll have to pull a page off the program at the track tonight to find out what the schedule is for the rest of May, won't I? No way. I guess maybe you will. I'll even show you I will. Okay, David. Talk to you again someday. I'm not not too soon. I'll click good, but he's learning. Don't ever call here again. Don't. Have you ever met this man? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm going to tell you you're in for a real treat someday. When the dining room. Oh, boy, I'm telling you you have. What was, what was the character's name that Bellalagosi played in Frankenstein? He was the, uh, Igor. Igor. He makes Igor look like Ricky Martin. Okay. David Horrishow. And the most annoying, the most liked like tonight. Remember when Channel tended that ass sucking piece that Diane Magnum and they followed me out to Pompatil Park. They sent a photographer out there when he, he's got the whole, a whole table set up. Uh, like there's going to be some kind of a banquet like they're bringing an ambitious body back. And like Sandy Paton is going to be sitting there holding her, or hand or I mean, just unbelievable a sky in a dream world. And they were going to do all these fundraisers for set or one up there at the track. Did they ever, uh, oh, no. And of course, do I wonder why he relates to Hannibal Lecter? No. Nine minutes past noon. I got news where he wouldn't touch you, David. He wouldn't have you for breakfast. Nine minutes past noon at five, 60, WQAM. Let's enlarge him in the basket. There once was a man named Bill who lived on Capitol Hill. He gave me a dress and made it a mess. And I kept it under my bed in my house. Now that's no God. Okay. Let's see. All right. Rose is our bread. The White House is white. I signed in the last book one night. No. That's no good either. Hmm. He agreed to greet us. The president showed me his. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Oh, no. Good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Trust in the night before Christmas. And all through the house, Bill got naked, except for my nails. My parents were nestled. Well, snugg in their bed. While I was giving the president no no no no. No good either. Okay. It's worth 15 and five, 60 WQAM. I got Jim Maddog Madditch for Hank who's up and Baltimore to Prickness today. Managed Sheriff from to the six. Kimbo Bo Campers six or clock till 10. Marlins at San Diego 10 or clock tonight. Any any. Okay. Five six, seven, five, 60. Palm five, 60. I'm just through the rest of the show about that. Todd. You know what? I'm not just do like an hour and forty four minutes, which is what we got left. Maybe we just maybe they're just something in the water. There's something in here. Maybe the chemistry is wrong. Maybe it's that Gary Sarner thing. Like I said, fat boy, Jeff high is God compared to Todd's wreck. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Yes. I want to congratulate that young lady up there and And what is it? Hi, for high. Hi, for you, sir. God bless you. For stating she is an atheist. I'm an atheist for 54 years. Right. And I wanted to I want her to know she's not alone. She's with me. Yeah, but let me actually, we're all the other atheists. I know most of the people listening me right now don't believe in any of those will crap on the they like the label or not. Where are these people? Why are they all in the closet? Well, to be honest with you, I think they put some reason others they think they should be ashamed to admit their nature. A shame not to believe in fairy tales. I thought when you grow up, you don't believe in fairy tales. It's a society pressure. Okay. I'm in the night job. Okay. I'm really openly set up with the media. Okay. So that's probably one of the reasons. And by the way, she's not alone. You know that every member of a got a Nobel Prize in his big apartment in science. Yes. Her all Nobel Prize winners. Right. And she's with good company Carl. Say guns, heat Hawkins, strike Newton's right. Blah, blah, etc. Even though you're right. And one of the things that is that stands out about atheism is the more education you get. Yeah. More you become an atheist. You never find anybody who has a high school drop-up or who is basically has the IQ of this next slide. Right. Yes. And atheists. They're all believers. Okay. I think God is the mess with our phone line here. Okay. And I highly recommend they put a book called History of God. Okay. Okay. Who's the author? Okay. Okay. It's a book about the size of a suicide robot catalog. It explains how all these fairy tales sit together all the way from Judaism, Christianity, Muslims, blah, blah, blah, blah. And this is the worst plate that has ever entered mind. Carl and Carl Marx is correct. It's a problem for small minds and God bless you. And you know, God called me yesterday and I didn't realize how profound his call was he there yesterday or Monday. How profound the call was. Because on a one-hand he claimed to agree, but on the other hand, it's like, well, I'm not really sure. And like when I asked him about stepping on an ant, does it die? And everybody else as far as we know. So in other words, basically what you're saying is that death isn't something we really look forward to. And we just can't accept it. So stepping on the ant of the cockroachers, swash an m and mosquito like this, which I do as much as possible. Because that I want to get bitten by bloody crisp on mosquitoes. If that doesn't do it for you, let me use the best example I can again of a rose, okay? A rose is a beautiful flower. You know, it grows, it blooms, it blossoms, and then it starts drying out and wilting and it dies. Is there anybody who believes in rose heaven? No. Well, there probably is. Maybe that cat lady does. Why is that? I mean, maybe it's not the most pleasant thing in the world, but why is it that American people just can't seem to accept the concept of death? 567, 0560. I mean, we're dying here today. Make no mistake about that. On a day when I had to be kicking ass. On a day when I've been reborn. I've had my own kind of born again experience. And it's got nothing to do with no stupid God. It's got to do with a whole different attitude about life. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Why are you doing this? I'd like to change the subject for a second and get back up. I'm just, who's got a subject? We have nothing going on. A lot of people talk about God. I want to talk about this whole hype thing. Yeah. I mean, there are people camped out in Davy for Star Wars tickets. Yeah, there's another class of gigs in it. And people, now, let me ask you this question. Are those people adults any of them? Some of them. Oh, geez. There was a woman, oh, there was a woman about 50 years old with a tent in front of a movie co-thing out in Davy waiting for Star Wars tickets. Oh. And then you got people rioting in Manhattan over Ricky Martin. I mean, what do you do? Yeah, right. Does anybody in this country have a life? A brain. It's not a question that they have a life today. But what do you have? I mean, how do you support yourself if you can camp out for a month? Yeah. What kind of a life could you have to be hanging out for Star Wars? From movie that they've already said it. Like they're going to see something new that didn't see before. All with the special effects. Yeah, right. I can't wait for more special effects. I mean, there's just three actors and a bunch of computers. Right. You're going to go watch. I mean, the people are going crazy over. And the Ricky Martin thing, I'm serious. I'm so glad that we got that student CD of his yesterday. Because when I started playing it, I heard his Huchi Kuchi stuff before. And I, you know, who needs it. But not if we started to play the other stuff. I never realized before just how pathetic he is. He can't sing a note. But I mean, I mean, yeah, I mean, anybody can scream. Oh, those three, that doesn't take any cement. That's why we're ending a song. This guy can't sing one note. No, but they've boston polished him and then marketed him. That's right. To that. They've bortz them up big time. Yeah, I think that. And he's still float. Okay. God bless you, sir. All right. Okay. The hype masters, man. The masters of hype. That's what it's all about. Whether it's the goddamn, you know, whatever the toy of the year is, you know, we got the, What the hell were the damn little, like, remnant things? Furby, never furbies. Air beer, they got some other end. Of course, each year they have to be ugly or more grotesque than the year before. And people are going into a camard. Blow any of these brains out because they got to get the last one for their kid. God damn it. Or else. Maniacs. And you wonder why the religion thing is so big. Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, palm five, six. I'll tell you one thing. You would have walked in that restroom this morning. The one that Geldi was talking about and taking a whiff. But then you know there would be no God. Man. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You guys made, I don't know if you guys made it or not. But there was a tape put all a little while ago. A couple years ago about your, of your commercials. And I had one. I think of our commercials. The, the funny commercials you will put out. Yeah. The one about all the different names of your college and whatnot. And I was wondering, is there any way I can get another one of those? Uh, hang on a second. George, I'll give you the number for center one. All right. All right. Okay. Whatever line he's on three or wherever he is given the center one number. He wants to know what to name it. Let's go to, uh, Hollywood. Hello. You know, yes, sir. I'm not going to ask you how you're doing because everybody has to do that. Uh, the pizza. I mean, the Steve piece of guy calling him. Uh, I go to all the dolphin games. The Steve's pizza guy that I hung up on last year because you were belly aching about. Something. Well, we got a lot. I don't want to talk to you. Okay, Jack. I don't care if I had no calls on the board. I wouldn't waste my time talking to you. Remember that guy? Did you remember his good as mine called in that day to wine? Everything was a problem. Wait. Wait. Steve's pizza is great. I never heard anybody say they didn't like Steve's pizza. Okay, except you. Maybe they just don't like you. Pal, maybe that's it. Don't take it personally unless you want to. 560, 560, 560, 560. And of course, what soon as a guy calls my identify and said it just saying, hi, and then go and I'm with this thing. He's got to identify himself as the Steve's pizza guy, which is like saying, I'm a loser. This is that loser. That professional mal content. I don't want to hear the only mal I want to hear from today is the guy who's bringing me my CD burner. Boca Brian will be bringing it. Good. Then I don't have to see that loser. Like I said. Isn't that something? I don't remember that blank check. What do you mean by that? It goes on the story. No, I want to hear the story. Okay, because if those people down there are at Sam Ann, so what do you think of line two and he'll tell you the story then I'll fill in the. Okay, hello. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I wasn't going to talk about that, but I'll let you know just guy told George, I was just think you earlier, and then I happened to go into Sam Ann, actually by some manuscript paper and the lady at the desk is yelling at the heavy set salesman that he shouldn't be promised you to let Boca Brian pick it up on your credit card because he's not, they're not given a $600 piece of equipment to someone else. You know, it wasn't his card. If it's a credit card order, we've got to get shipped out in New York and if you wanted today, you're going to have to pay for a mess and you're going to go get it. And that's what I told George. So the rest of the story is yes. They ripped up the credit card order. Boca Brian is going to pay for it. You're going to reimburse him. He's bringing it. Sir, I want to go ahead. I want to talk to you about something else. Can you believe that? Yeah, I was funny. I happened to walk in it talking about Boca Brian and the radio station. I mean, like, I'm some kind of a deadbeat. Like they can't take my credit. You know, that's my American Express Platinum card. Oh, sure. It's the thing. And we can't be responsible for somebody who's in an employee. It's the current shipping of what insurance on what? For him to drive it from there to here. Oh, there's no from the block. Go ahead, sir. All right, this one, but I know as a fellow atheist, if you've ever run into the same problem that I have, have the person next to you sneezes. Yeah. And you don't say anything because God bless you is like the most ridiculous thing in the world. That's the thing. I say that to people. It's just the same. It's just a matter of speech. What did happen? What did happen? I was originated. I heard an interesting bit on that. No. Maybe you will times when you sneeze. People feel like that devil's went up your nose. Of course they do. Oh, of course. Right. That's what they say God bless you. Uh-huh. And I always say when someone says God bless you, well, thank you for you know, for commenting on my bodily questions. What are you going to say if I've burned for a fight? Well, how about just saying God dammit? Yeah. There you go. But it's always a pregnant cause when I don't say anything. In fact, if you do find a woman, I won't say God dammit. There you go. Well, I was wondering how you handle that. You should say it. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I'll say it's your type, which I don't even know what that means in your mind. But that's not blessed. Yeah, I'm just going to bless you. Okay. God bless you. Okay. Five, six, seven, over. That's that story about Sam Zans. It just gets worse and worse. And you know something that I ask, I just, that was the reason. It would be good anyway. I don't know. I might even talk about that. I'm just talking in general. I didn't even know from Sam Zans. All I did was bring up the subject of a CD burner. I wanted one. Okay. And does anybody know where you get them? How much they are? What are they all about? How do they work? Yadia. And all of a sudden, this guy volunteers. He's a businessman. He bought that big mixer there and spent a lot of money and blah, blah, blah, blah. And they're making this into a project here. You think I was buying like a $50,000 piece of it. Like I was buying a new transmitter for the radio station. Jesus Christ Almighty. Sam's ass. We have to send. We're going to hook him up with Todd Drek. Talk to him on ass. You're going to do this, Bons. The onion mous spot. Right under Dorset. Twenty-seven past noon at QAM. Let me take more names on 560 WQAM. We'll never be this in. Starting this Monday. It's the sunny box and Greg Buodell happy hour review. Monday through Friday 6 to 10 a.m. Only on 560 WQAM. Properties to a 560 QAM. You know the one who got to start it with this because I pulled a facts back out of my pocket where I've been keeping it. The book of Brian was the one that found this thing yesterday. Was that going to about the burner? About Sam Ash and those actuals over there. I want to start that, you know, getting on his case. But he's the one that started this whole big song in the dance. 560 WQAM. 560 and the call was right yesterday. I caught a gun into a million places. Like right in my neighborhood there. But one right off the shelf. Give it to my credit card. Give it to my check. Give it to him cash. I could have been enjoying it already. And instead going through this big, warm convoluted thing with credit cards. And with this and that and then all this other garbage. Unbelievable. Like I'm so kind of a deadbeat. That's the way this town is. You want to buy something. You want to pay for it. I'm not looking for any special. Whatever the price is, I'll pay him for it. And you're still can't buy it. They, I hope that they're independently wealthy. Okay, I hope they're ready to do it so much business at like handover limp wrist. Because evidently they don't need my business. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yeah, okay. 14 minutes he waited for that. And then could barely get it out. And the words too. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. What's up? Speaking of religion, my son is 20. He's a student at the University of Florida. He's getting married in July. Yeah. His mother had custody. He was panning lived in Jacksonville. Church on every corner in the type of thing. Went to Christian schools. He's a business major. But he's talking seriously with the seminary now. Oh, Jesus Christ. Bye bye. And you know why is that? Well, he's been very religious. He's his girlfriend. That he's marrying his very religious. And he's in the campus. There are the campus crusade for Christ things. You know, now here's my problem. Parents are supposed to be supportive of kids. I mean, that's like the gig. Yeah. You know, they say as long as he's happy. Whatever kid does blah blah blah. But I'm damn defy. I'm damn defy. Yeah. Any suggestion? Pray to the Lord. Okay. Okay. Good luck. You'll need it. Time to get on your knees and pray to the Lord. Or just get on your knees. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Poor you know, thank God that I'm going to let it go on the year. It said, and of course, then that guy from Hollywood who met well, but sounded like Professor, whatever that maniac was with the white here, you know. Why is it that every time somebody else, for things to be in atheist, they always sound like some kind of a the mad professor, you know, instead of just like your ordinary pedestrian, like nice Holly there from sunrise. That's why the little was such a breath of fresh air. Somebody that actually has a brain and can think for herself. 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's my any, hello. Yeah. Okay, sir. Best thing I ever did is I just put up my new dish. Little dish. Right. I told T.C.I to stick it up there, rectum. Yeah. Again. Again. Yeah. I watched all the hockey games last night back and forth. It was excellent. Yeah. Usually with the T.C.I don't have one choice. But thanks to the dish and all these ball games on, it's the best thing since Vegas. Like I told you. So you're right again. I want to thank my good close compagery for supplying me the dish. And we'll say his name. Do do certain things. Okay. What's called Toronto? They lost a game. That's what's called. I mean, what about that goal? What do you think about that? There wasn't a goal. We don't cry. We don't cry. So it wasn't a goal. I've never went over the line. But you know something we literally three times when you keep doing that. You don't really have to lose the game. So it's all right. We don't make antibodies. We don't make excuses. We're not cry babies like the penguins in the flat. It's going to be the Seattle penguins I hear. Portland. I don't know. Or let me put that. That would be better. That's a personal sports like I keep telling you that's what's happening with professional sports. The all keep going bankrupt. They can't build enough arenas and enough stadiums to pay all these over the sidewalks. Huh? The products. That's right. I mean, you know, just watching these ball games. I'm kind of out of like 20 ball games of baseball. Right. Like, who are all these games? I think the people that make no those that are ones that are sponsoring that crap. Exactly. Okay. Got any way. Thanks a lot, Neil. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Of course, if you're worth it, I just let you recount. You have to have two dishes. One milking one play chick. What's wrong with that? That's right. You can't only have one set of dishes. Here's a candle. Hello. Neil, good afternoon. Good evening. Yes. I don't. I guess I don't need to throw any fire on this credit card thing. And what idiots these people are. But I want to relate a little story to you about seven. And you know what really gets me. I don't want to sound like I'm some kind of a big show. But you know, I make a few bucks. Okay. I've got my platinum card. I do transactions. All these trips, I find thousands and thousands of dollars at a time. Over the phone. No question, Jack. No problem. And here I'm spending like 500, 600 bucks for this little, you know, it's not a major transaction to me. And they act like I'm buying a goddamn the Empire State Building. I understand. God, what about your actual. What about the church? I mean, really, don't come to them with money. Right. You know, I mean, it's really simple. And it's not like they're the only ones in the world that I got this thing. They got you said, I can, well, what the hell is the place to over the yellow. Well, that place right by me there by the borders. What do yellow? Sound advice. No, not sound advice. The one by the yellow was sign. Whatever they got. You didn't have a their credit card. Best buy. Best buy. I could walk from my house to best buy in three minutes. Okay. And they got them over there. And probably less than what I'm going to pay today. Right. Right. Well, you know, there's there's nothing like good word of mouth. And there's nothing like bad word of mouth. But, you know, about seven years ago, a friend of mine called me from Brazil. And you wanted to do a very, a very nice favor for a good friend of ours and buy a macar. Yeah. I called up the local dealer in Colorado. And I said, listen, I'd like to buy a brand new K5 blazers about 26, 27,000 dollars at that time. You know, the full size one big V8 electric windows, the whole nine yards. Here's my friend's credit card number. A platinum American Express from Brazil. Right. And I'd like to deliver Christmas Eve. You guys said no problem. Christmas Eve, the car showed up. Never signed for it. Signature on file cleared. No problem. I'd be like that. I mean, that's making a sale. That's providing service. Right. Very much. You know what I mean? And I was a third party. Here's my name. You know, I had my American Express. But I was going to buy it. Like I'm still a stranger or something. Right. I got from Book of Brian. I still got up that by deeper in my pocket. Now, so deep I'm feeling the change. It says they always take good care of me and they love you. So much that they are pretending they don't know who the hell I am. And God forbid, they should let that thing out of the historic. Right. And make what's making really easy for the consumer to get what they want. Right. So anyway, I don't want to throw fire on it. I just want to go in and make you throw it. Okay. Alright. God bless you. What do you sneeze? 5 6 7 0 5. Our Gesundheit. Gesundheit doesn't mean God bless you. Things like good hell. Hell or whatever. Because you don't. I mean, you're all of a sudden you're a German kind of language. That's what I was told. It means good hell. Because you want to hide. Because you want to, yeah, get your center. Hey, means going good hell. Fuck you, it's. It's not a die. It's not a ironic. It's nice. Isn't that ironic that the Jewish and German are so alike? Why not? Did you guys spend a lot of time there? Like, schmutz means mud. And either one, either one. Just keep digging. Just keep just get that shovel and keep digging deeper and deeper and deeper. Just keep even the schmutz. 21 before one is five 60. And all you said schmutz and right away I thought a Todd record. As soon as you said that, that name came to mind. Every time I think of something grow, test in unpalatable, Todd record will come to mind. Because he's making such a big project. So big song in the dance. Instead of just sitting back and letting, you know, case or osteorob baby will do the best we can. Don't miss the biggest automotive event of the year. It's pretend can to it. It's ninety nine dollar below in more sale. Come on, God, you're breath. They're beautiful. They're beautiful. When they come, they call me melanoma. I tend until I'm almost an accommon. I lie, my amy and they never ever use any sense green. me and with me hopefully don't mind I'm a little fatally. I'm a little fatally. We get melanoma. We say to like a button you can sell the aroma. I like the aroma but there's nobody more. Hey! I've been the day at work planning that when I get off our go-tending, I get naked and fake naked. How much longer is my skin gonna take it? My astrologist and new relatives have to help me find the different colleges. We say to like a button you can sell the aroma. I like the aroma but there's nobody more. Hey! I'm a normal man! We like the scent so we get melanoma. We make like a button you can sell the aroma. We got lots of skin, big melanoma, metronoma. Hey! I'm a normal man! We don't care if we get melanoma. We got a best skin from here to Arizona. We're not even having a cell phone car alone. Hey! I'm a normal man! 145 to 560WQM the man dog! My wife's. A camada for handcanks up in the Prigness. Baltimore for 20 or 30 days off. That's going hot for more power to you. That's the way we do it around here. Wanna take three, four or five extra days off? No problem. That's why we like it here. And by the way, you know speaking of Todd Dreack, I don't want to get worked up about this but I will anyway. I'll make an exception in his case. Since he's obviously the one that wrote this first copy, this first piece of Dreack about cooking the filter fish, how do you cook the filter fish? the fish. See, when you got sales people, I want to start putting your stick into the copy and writing in their idea of your humor in there. You don't know if it cooks crap-lox or get filled to fish, okay? In addition to which your filter fish comes out of a jar, you don't cook it and it comes in that gel and that mung which hopefully you wash off before you eat it before you put the horse radish on. Cooking to fill the fish is this man out of his mind? I don't want to get started on that for a few minutes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, I see. You know before you heard the whole show today, you heard it. You see the transformation right before your very ears. Started out this morning. Thanks to my close personal friend Steve Goldstein, aka Goldie who brought both George and yours truly back to reality. Just a good quick dose in the theorem this morning of reality that is of what a wonderful place this is because nobody's running in you do whatever it had you want. Nice go on, Jeldy. I've got a whole different attitude about him. I don't care about this quicky voicing in a bad guy. He never stole a free train. I say, Jeldy for the Panther or a play by play. Seriously, I'm going to start. I've got my whole attitude about life has changed. I mean, the collar still suck, but nothing nevertheless. And then between this sand ash, your whole thing, whatever that's all about. And Todd Drek running all around a building. See, that's one thing about me. I show up here about the quarter nine out of clock every morning. But I'm in here. I'm either taking a leak or I'm in here in this room. I'm not running around the building starting a room or stirring up trouble. Two o'clock. I'm out the door. I'm not schmosing. I'm not starting rumors. I'm not that bad. You know, stirring up a lot of crap. I come here and do my job. And I'm not running up and down the hall telling everybody what a jackass Todd Drek is. I do that on the air. So I say, I waste my time running up and not a whole doing it. You know, it's like it's like getting on a street core of the megaphone. I'm sure I did do that when I can be on the air. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Even on very strange weird. We're on weird. Yeah. And what about you, Todd? Anybody seeing you lately talk about weird? Here's a payphone in North Miami. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm pissed off because, uh, well, good. Well, you bought that, uh, that CD burner, which is great and good, good choice. But I bought like a $3,000 jump set from Sam Ashwell. Yeah. And there's no, uh, there's no return policy. Okay. If you return it, you get store credit. So if you don't hear money back, you know, you can't get treated like the next day. You, I don't, I don't want to say maybe they had seven days. But I think I think they they lock you in. Once you buy it, that's it. Seven, you get in your locked. You're locked. Well, I'll find out about that. And, and, and, and, uh, boy, I put over because I just want to tell you it sucks. And, and, uh, you could have went to best buy. You would have gotten a lot of money. Yeah, I like that said I could have walking 42nds from my house to best buy. They love me in here. I got one of their credit cards. I mean, I've been in there several times. They love me in there. Brands Mart loves me right down the street. My friends at Applan's TV, but which is a sponsor, my name, love me. And the meantime, Book of Rimes. So you don't blame Sam Ash, it's Book of Rimes. And if you think I'm paying a back to this, then see how I paid for it. And besides, it's like, hello, this is for Neil Rogers. You know, the guy I have. Right, you know, it's like, yes, sir, right away, sir, in addition to which keep in mind their guy, this mel, mel, mel, uh, whatever, mel, uh, uh, adjusted, he's the one to call the show here yesterday. And promised me a song today and so went through a big, oh, yeah, we love you over here and pop up all the other crap. Well, I love you. That's my total rental and God bless you and visit. I do five six seven. I'm not looking to be some big shot. I just want to spend my money. I don't care if I pay more than no, I don't care. I'm not one of those stereotypes that runs around looking for wholesale all the time. Free is good. 567 05 60 pound, 560 on the 18 in T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. A few years ago, you remember, um, the hillboppers. They all killed themselves because yeah, they believe that there was a UFO or they should behind it to help out comment. Everybody was out raising people. It's crazy. What do they think? And well, what's crazier people that believe that there's a God in his crisis going to rise in the second coming in. I mean, it was crazier. It's ridiculous. It's crazy. Anyway, uh, shameless request. Yes, sir. Uh, hangover, Goldberg and okay, right. 567 05 60 pound, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Must have got disconnected mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. The dish, the Vegas, the fish food. I mean, who is this all your college got? What do you got? What do you got? I'd like, well, I'm like talk about the law food right away. What law food is that? Uh, the bridge center law. That's still going on. Yeah. 567 05 60 pound fire. I mean, you talk about the podcast on the pedal of the pedal of cute. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi, doing me. Okay. The last guy who called Redneck Athel. Yes. And I love religion because these people are incredible. They tell you the world is coming to an end. It's really bad. There's more crimes. And yet you have to have a lot of babies. You know, I love it. Yeah. Amazing. I should be an auto. And then whatever you do, be sure and say those fetuses too, because uh, God gets pissed off. I should be an auto boy in the island. And I was funny because uh, you know, a little grubbass, nothing major ever happened. Yeah, I think the brainwashing or the brainwashing. And then you can have sex. Unbolevable. Sex is evil and dirty. Otherwise there's a, they're out of business. They make you embarrassed of, uh, you know, that's right. If we're not the guilt trip, they're out of business. I have to admit, people need a clutch. They don't believe in death. So they need something to make them live through, you know, they're weak. Well, the gent people are dumb and weak. Thank you, Neil. And I'm a blah blah. There you go. Very said they're dumb and weak. Excellent. I saw their sir. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 567 05 60 pound 18 T wireless line. Holy, dirty. First minute, pipe or high and sunrise. I salute you, sweetheart. Even though this audience is in a coma and they have nothing to say about your great litter, the editor in the hero this morning, which I read on the year. And I salute you for having more balls than all these people put together in this audience, bunch of cowardly, you're whims. And then islands guy, they call the couple of days ago. Oh, well, you expect us to believe what you, I don't care what you believe, okay? But I know damn well, the overwhelming majority of people listening to this show, know damn well. I'm saying is the truth. They just, there are too much of a bunch of pussy to say it. Everywhere you're looking is down. Pussy pussy everywhere, baby. That's what it's all about. Even as damn catcher with the whatever this thing is. And by the way, you know, I didn't even tear up these tickets. Remember that brought the one I'm all too late. I just did. Just tore them up. That was an active five six seven 05 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile and market. Hello. Hey, Neil. First time I recall the radio talking show. They had to make a comment on the control position. My mother made the best control position. Scratch your communication. Yeah. She borrowed it. And she fried it also. Unfortunately, I don't know the rest of you was. I couldn't play. Oh, thank you. God. Okay. I'm getting new phone to have grandma buy you new phone when she comes back. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Nobody makes your filter fishing anymore. So I hate to break the news. You. That's wonderful. All the puppies that used to work over the stove. Now that you buy your filter fishing to store in a jar. Anybody with a brain. They don't cook your filter fish. They buy it in a jar. I know that Todd direct don't understand that yet. Maybe somebody can stir it tens playing that to him. When he isn't busy running up and down a hallway to you know the last guy that told everybody would have asked, oh, I was. Remember Bob Eisenberg with that bed. The hairpiece. Here's Davey. Hello. Okay. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Yeah. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Is this Todd direct or if you fail first or there? A sales hole again. How many sales people do you have at your station? 284. Really? I've like this neighbor on the other. They brought a new guy in this morning. We got more sales people running around here. If you've bumping anybody in the hall and you don't almost sure thing there is sales hole. Is there a guy who's saying I might have still worked for you? No, he don't work for you. He never worked for this station. Not that station. It's probably the best group of people you've ever had or not really. No. That this group of sales people? Oh my god. We got like two or three who are real sales people and arrested in Mara. I don't know what they are. They're friends of a Gary Sarner. Best of luck to you. And I'll see you. And have a great day. Okay. Lines are bringing here but George is talking to some of both of the wonderful. So I have no idea what's going on here. Five. Are we throwing in the towel here? Make way for me. Are there somebody for Jim Manage? Somebody for Jim Manage? See between the phone calls that come in for the sports holes. And the facts is that come in here including what about people that's making 50 grand for doing some of speaking appearance. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How's it going? Okay. Got a couple things for you. First of all, I'm an atheist and that whatever authority lady or girl is a woman to her friends. And be you're going after the CD burner. Haven't you considered the mini disc yet? No. Because you know how do you anybody have a mini disc player in their car? Yeah, they make them. You have to have one in stock. But I don't want to have one in stock. Why should I want to do that when I ever got a great CD deck in my car? Oh, well because I don't know. Just an idea. I'm not about idea. Right. They're half the size. There you go. I got two of them sitting right here to my left. Maybe I'll just deal one of these. There you go. All these are pretty crappy. These are real bad Sony cheap Sony's. What the mini disc players? Yeah. You've got one there. I got two of them. Damn. Well, you can always, you know, like the, the, um, okay. 560, 560, 560, 560. Well, you can always, uh, just you can. 560 on the AT wireless line. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Play Jelly roll. Yeah. Okay. Play with yourself. Always already started. Here's the lady mobile and pepper pie and tell her. I know. Yes, man. I just wanted to commend Molly for her letter. That was great. I am Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Holly. Oh, I got a wide, Holly. I am a nominated. Yes, but there is this little note in called separation of church and state, yeah. Which we should have pulled. And um, as far as the observation, please keep playing mine. Okay. You like myiness. I love it. Okay. Thank you. That's our pull question by the way. Everybody out there love myiness. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT and tier wireless line. 1256 and 560, WQM. Now we got a little bit of a problem. My good friends at Colligan say that they love me. Chris and all those other people that were my home the other day and they installed a great one of those reverse osmosis systems under my sink and the brick and water is fantastic and the water that's coming through my shower is silky and soft because they also put a water soft on the outside and we got all the color and water coming in here. The bottle water here at the station and everybody loves it. And they just thought everything was wonderful. And time directing here on Monday and said, how did that go? What yeah? I just said they showed up. It was great. The assistant is fantastic. Everybody's happy. He said, oh, it was a great spot. You did the spot. Didn't he say that when he was in here? Todd's wrecked. That's what he said. It was great. Then come to find out that Todd's wreck is running up and down a hallway. He's here at QAM telling everybody that Colligan hasn't had one phone call yet. And I'm a piece of crap and I'm weird. And this and that because for some reason he inherited this account, I have no idea. He's got 25 different advertising agencies. This is what happens when you get ad agency people in the middle. You get a psychotic sales guy in the middle. Meantime the Colligan people are great. They're the best in the business. They've been around in time for over 50 years. So if you want to install a permanent system in your home, there's nobody else in the world you want to do business with because these people are here today going tomorrow. They've been here like I said over 50 years. They'll be here forever. So you can't get better drinking water anywhere in the world and you can't from a Colligan home system. And also for your office right now, they got a special. They got a special introductory offer. You get three five gallon bottles of Colligan bottle water and a free cooler rental for 30 days. All you have to do is call Colligan right now for the tales that are a very difficult toll for you number by the way. But here it is. Write it down please. Please let's have one phone call the Colligan. So Todd Reckon stopped running up and down the hall telling everybody that I'm a piece of crap. Call toll free. Colligan one what? That's so what it is. I feel very bad. Don't I don't I don't I look very bad? 1 8 7 7 2 2 7 8 7 7 8 7 8 7 8 7 8 7 8 7 8 7 7 2 2 7 8 7 8 7 8 7 3 for the Colligan man. Nobody does it better for you. Okay. Here's that number once more because it's a tough number. 1 8 7 7 2 2 7 8 7 8 7 3 for the Colligan man. And when you call be sure and tell them Todd Reckon even asshole. Oh. It's the water to the hour. My name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is Hi kids y'all like good little thinkers that fun little sound becomes right out your think want a copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about who will my brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which my story I'm going to fall on. He's Dr. Dreass. You know, man. You passed him. Hey, I'm not. What was that last? And you look well. Well, it's age 12. It seemed like a always smell. I thought ripping gases and juice was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard into my little backwards like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like oh, dinner man. Then point out my ass. That's a little fat bitch who ain't you fat. Well, it's honey. Yo, it's been way to make my girl. I don't give up. I got to say to the thing the world up. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is see to want to meet kids out back in junior high. The problem was some problem my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my baby. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with huge toilet paper. Walk in his trick club. My task was fulfilled. I moved the ball tenning took a dozen of dick. We know what to a dad to had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. I did not send him my life. I was lied to. I just found out my mom got all cats and I did. I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noises. They had all the crap. You know you would dirt when the women first leave and drop out of the back but you must need to relieve the guy while cats and sit. It was pretty cool. I had to go. I'll drop the kids off and move. That's George. This is Robert. I'm playing an out of town on time on business. I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the Rogers. Be honest with you. That's very pathetic. This guy is, I mean, this is all you got and I'm sports talk radio. It is horrible. I definitely try to find somebody who is tired. That's for sure. His whole GD thing and everything else. Tell him one day we all face the more. Oh yeah. I have a great day. Face the wall. Well, I'll face the wall someday. The reason I played that I was thinking about that yesterday. Or maybe I was shaving this morning thinking about that guy. Here's the guy who's such a shmuckie looking for an all sports station which we know about the sports nerds. Okay, what about your lifeless dickheads they are? And one day we'll all have to face the Lord. Stop and think about how ridiculous I did. We're going to face the Lord. And what is he going to say? Oh God. You know, well, what does it what does that mean? What kind of simple things utter such garbage? Such soil, such nonsense. Such meaningless tright. Huh? This country where people just say things because number one they've been brainwashed number two, they sound good. These are the things you're expected to say. All of these things. One day we'll all have to face the Lord. And then if we're really good and they let us in to that big wonderful place up there as opposed to down there, up there and we can all say, oh God, you're good. Oh God, you forever and ever. Not just for a couple of hours. Not forever. Oh God, you're good. What now? And they'll just keep saying it. Oh, my mom will be in. But he will be fun. How about lunch? Now come on. Oh God, you're good. Okay, oh God, you're good. Some of your diseases ain't too good. Come on. Don't you know, start redo whatever. They're burning from the script. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. I mean, if there was a God, will we have to direct? No. That's simple. That's an easy test. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello Neo, how are you? Okay, sir. Good. Um, you know, oration at all? No. No, not at all. Just wondering because most of the guys on here don't know how to pick the horses. Okay, well, how about picking this? Okay, yeah. Little finger on the left hand is usually worse like a charm. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. We will be talking to Dave Johnson on Friday though because the prickness is going to upset her. And it's always a good time. I have no idea even who's running. I do no care as mad at can't go to a win of prickness. I can tell you that. Who else is running? I'll find out between Ellen. Here's a candle. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neo, I wanted to tell you something. My mom makes a built decision. Yeah. Makes a really crappy built decision. But it's built a decision. I don't go buy it after God damn public. Why not? Why don't my need to pay? I don't know. Oh, okay. Good. 560, 50, 560 on a mobile one line. Sounds like a good to me. Here's a Delray Beach, hello. Yeah, Neo. How about my Pittsburgh penguins, huh? What about a little more? I don't need anything. Yeah, yeah, this the same guy that was his fillet off your flyers two weeks ago. Now it's his Pittsburgh penguins. How about his back? Yeah. Fine. I think we just saw it. 560, 50, 50, 50, 60 on a mobile one line. Guess what? Power. We lost the game last night. I like goes on. Don't complain about a greasy goal that never went over the line. We don't complain. We just move on with life. We're not a bunch of little cry babies. Here's popping. Hello. Yes, sir. Go leaves go. Right. I'm not going to complain about the fact that they got screwed last night. I know we're not. Okay, but I heard somebody calling you on to suggesting you get a mini display. Yeah. Trust me when I tell you, I work in the business. And the high five business. The fidelity is not there. All it has is convenience. Yeah. See these sounds much much better. Yeah. Well, I don't use it from music. And here I use it for like these hockey bits or something. Exactly. I would never play music often. Exactly. That's what they're good for. Right. Yeah. Okay. God bless you. 567. We got 200 open lines here today. I'll tell you one thing. It's been a real eye opener. We got about three or four people out there with an eye. She will like you and me and the holly and that's about it. And the rest of the morning, it's we got the God squad out there. We had the God squad listening to this show. Hallelujah, baby. Let's say a prayer. Let's say a brocha. I wrote a Tauda Noi and Hallowed be thy name and the Hail Mary and Holy Mother. It's said it went so on. Whichever one you like, Holy Moly. How sad that is. Everybody wants to be a sheep. Everybody wants to just line up like a living waiting for star wars, waiting for the release of the Ricky Martin CD. You know, all that. Oh, God. Come on. Oh, please. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line, another desperate day here at the ranch. A desperate day. And where the hell is Vokobrion already with my burner? This is become the biggest guy band project of my life. Something that should be so simple. You know, it's like if you were window shopping in a mall and you saw something, you saw like a lamp in the window of a store and it had a price tag out of like $200. And you walked in and you said, God, I love that lamp in the window. Here's $200 cash. And I said, no, you can't have it. And you said, why? Well, we just decided, we don't like we just want to sell to you. The boss don't feel he can get up on the wrong side of this morning. You're not getting it. Yeah, but I love that. Sorry, you lose. Hey, ever tried to talk about getting a run around to get money from a bank or a big London institution. They give you a song and a dance band. They make your life miserable. They give you a third degree in a fourth degree. It's unbelievable to ringer that they put you through. So if you're sick and tired of getting treated like that, and especially for one of those people, it may not have the greatest credit in the world. You want to talk to real people, Mike. Farmer bullies don't hear us. He's adding the men who just shaking his head that some boys who were down by the frizz. They're being the waters. They're in on their marbles and play things and have dance for their team or young lady. She looked like a pretty young preacher. She sat on the grass. She pulls up her dress and she showed them her ruff bulls and leaps and white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring a curchier. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you standing from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the net was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a eyes of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like they she showed him her nested dog that dog who was subject to piss. And maybe she's led him grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she'd bend over and suck out his candy so tasty. He made a butter scotch and then he's with cream all over her cup. She had left out on her shelf. If they disincer, you can go to yourself. Once I see the five 60 WQM so the water Nazi was screaming at home, will you tell me the water Nazi was screaming hysterically and bitching and chewing out Todd. He's an asshole. How do you like that? Always like that water Nazi. Five six seven. Five one speaking of water. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here on a very weak wind. They're your weak. We're strong on this end baby. Just ask a what's it then that slime ball. Peter Schmendrick. Peter Lenner. Look at. And we're smoking over here. That's why we got the incense burning and people are poking their head in there. What is it? Is there a fire in here? Did he? Is that why he was there by the way? Oh, let's talk about these. What is it? Zag? Zag from power 96. How did I know he's from power 96 of his name? Zag? Here's a mobile and four-later Dale. Hello. Hello. Hello. You don't. Okay, sir. It's nice. Let's see you. There won't be a question. I would like to ask you. How are you always like to bat Monday really dump people? What do you do? What are you? What are you the same Jack asked that call me two days ago? Okay, get a live pal. Okay. Go see the witch doctor. Oh, he goes to David's civil and a witch doctor. 567 0.560 pound 560 on a mobile one line and they all got the same line. Did they got a written down? Is that it? They got a written down like Mike Spendell. You stay have a show open. Good evening. This is Mike Spendell. My name is you know, my name is my name is my anus. Whatever he was doing. Because I'm on a tell of truth here pal. I want to have one show on here in the world where somebody tells it about reality instead of fairy tales and bubble mice and witch doctors and strangling chickens on a front lawn. Okay. That's what I want to talk about. And let me say it again. I'm a holly dorty and sunrise. Now that I'm doing the show today and I realize how few of us there are that had the cones to me to tell it like it is. You deserve like a middle. Because all these other people are a bunch of lemons a bunch of sheep just like this last chicken strangled that we had on the phone here. He's probably choking it right now. Here's a Delray Beach, Ella. It's mega kneel on 5.50 QM. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I would like to come in all these two because I was forced. I had that crap forced on me. Oh my life man. My mom used to take me to church every Sunday. Look at this Sunday morning Sunday night Wednesday night. Oh god. It's just you know. I'm in time to get to go before you you're safe. How many hell Mary's you have to go before you're sure you're going to get forgiven. Oh God, listen though. I finally when I hit my 20s and I sat down one day and opened the Bible. I can't get past the first page. Right. First couple of pages. It'll tell you right there. It's a bunch of man. Oh, I'm thinking in the King's and the King's version. I would beg everybody out there to read the first freaking ten-terga. And you're going to go what the hell is this crap? Yeah, right. You know. And it could I call somebody be such a bigoted nasty uh uh neural minded crap written by bigoted nasty neural minded people go ahead. Oh, painful. Yeah, painful. And every all kinds of killing and uh beginning and all kinds of crap. I just want to call two people who just go ahead and find Dave and Bob at a IHH news bag. Okay, especially that day from poppin of the call before God you must be late to Todd Drek. 567-0560-pont-560 on a mobile one line. Let me sit again. We love the water. Not see we love fat boys. We couldn't have done it without Todd Drek who kind of turned a whole thing around. Just like I could never have adopted this fantastic attitude about this great workplace without guilty. I really you got to understand sometimes it's like people who claim to have a religious experience you know that's what I had. It had nothing to do with the bubble mice with the organized religion. It just had to do with a whole philosophy of life. How can you complain in belly ache when they pee a lot of money and they just leave you alone and they stay out of your hair and they let everybody do whatever hell they want and everybody thinks they run the place and they and it's uh it's fine. And it seems to be working okay. In spite of the fact that we got to self-subscribe keep song always cheat spots like uh footy says over there in my 100. Oh, brother. See why can't Todd Drek over in cell of footy show? Huh? It is early. That's a match made in purgatory in limbo. Here's a lady mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hello, I'm Goneo. Yes, man. Hi, yes. Can you hear me? Okay, it's all ready to rain now. Pittsburgh's in bigger babies over here. Pittsburgh's in bigger babies? Yeah. What does that mean? Well, that means very, very hard rain. It's a mid-western turn. Was that like nigger toes? No, yeah, I'm nuts. Right. Yeah, Pittsburgh's in bigger babies. Okay, you said anyway. Anyway, I know I wanted to even as a child I was very I didn't get it. You know, I had to go to Catholic school. Yeah. And I mean, I didn't take it seriously. I took my confirmation name from Bobby Witch because I love Samantha. Yeah. And I just, I just, I don't know. You know, I've read a little bit about and your case he has probably the closest thing that I thought was a little more suitable unless you will crap. Well, it probably, you know, but I don't probably, I kind of got into it a little bit, but still it, I know what you mean. And I Okay, well, be sure to say how to surely McLean. Okay, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Uh, hit it again. There it is. Mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, no, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Just hadn't east on the palm at all. Yes. And sure enough, what do I go by Sam Ash on the palm at all? Not on a palm at all. Yeah. I thought it was in the market. Well, this, I just drove by one on the palm at all. Getting close to like 27. Yeah. And not a car in the parking lot, right? Yeah. Two blocks down the street is brand's mark. Must have been 300 cars in the parking lot. Hey, better get there. Stuff together. They're stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And also on the way home today. Yes. It looks like the end of the world on your way home. And I was up on the I was there in 90. All right. It's not the nigga babies coming down. Is it? It's Blacker than you could have. Oh, man. God. No one is up. Practice sports. Oh, okay. Thanks for the good news. See, I told you that. Oh, God. This pissed off and fired up. I told you that. I had my own rebirth and re awakening this morning. I thought it was guilty. It was really. Yeah. Yeah. Because when Neil God gets pissed off, maybe all of a sudden it gets real off Instagrams. Parts out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pondets a law for made it. Fencer and sparts. And pound five, 60 on a mobile one line here on a really enjoyable. When did they have a good time? We had a nice three lunch from Pizza law. Maybe I'm getting my CD burner today, which I didn't think was going to be this big of a song in the dance. I thought it was going to be like falling off a log. You know. See, the good people, like our friend all over he used to be our friend, cell phone, the board all that solely watered right to my home. He's at a time until the end of this week. Okay. But he's our friend. He came right to the house. I expected some schlepper. You know to come to the house. By the way, I took that all of a while. I don't know if you notice. I have an equal one. I like that in my house. In fact, I'm going to start drinking and write all of the candy every day. Oh, you drink it. And cheer on my feet. Here's a highly, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. My wife's parents are to hope was witnesses. And her father fell off a ladder about three weeks ago. Yeah. And part of the religion says no blood transfusion. Right. So I want to, well, he passed away last week. He was lost a blood. Oh, I want to know from the child was witnesses. What's the bigger sin? Murder or no blood transfusion. Right. Because they knew that he needed blood. But they wouldn't give it to him. So how come Dr. Jack isn't jail, but this guy was walking around free? Oh, I guess he's not anymore. No, he's not. Yeah. I mean, what kind of religion is based on I think the word crazy is what you're looking for in a saying. Yeah. Have you heard about the MP3 files? Yeah. Can you record one of those MP3s on your CD? Oh, I haven't got any idea. I don't know. See, I don't have the MP3 yet. That's another thing I'm looking for. But the last thing I need is to start looking for another thing right now. Well, the MP3s are free. They're free off the internet. Right. And the player is free. The recorders are free. Right. And I mean, this should be a book. Can you let, let's say, for example, are all these websites on the internet where you can listen to music from all over the world. Right. Now, if you have an MP3, can you can you download on to it and then record it under another like on a CD? Yeah. So I'm saying, you can do that. Yeah. You got pre music. Some were buying CDs or buying records. Oh, right. Right. And they got like news groups set up for different versions of different types of MP3s. Oh, right. Excellent. That'll be next. All right. Thanks. Later. There you go. See, we're going to get around all of this. And then of course, I can start, uh, I'm going to be making 5,000 copies of the back street boys new album. What's wrong with that? Huh? Five. It's just a joke. Okay. It's just a joke. We're not going to be powering CDs and stuff like that. Are we? No, we're not. Five, six, seven. Everyone of it, when the, uh, the video, uh, what am I looking for when I'm so worked up about the goddamn Todd Drek. Roan, my whole day. I was on top of the world. I felt like Karen Carpenter. Figuratively speaking. Now I feel like her literally speaking because of him. But when VCR's first came out, it was the same thing. Oh, my God. They're going to be powering movies and making copies. And remember, they used to have the special coding in all which they still do. I guess in some cases. And then we figured out how you get around that. You can still make copies and movies all you want. And people were powering movies. And you know, something, the, the actual number of those in the amount of it. It doesn't amount to a people in the snow. It's somebody I know would say. Not to nothing. So what's the big deal? Where did I get an all worked up about? It's Tracy Mealy. By the way, get me the millennium album by the back. Yeah, it's only that. Well, where the hell is it? Tracy, God, damn it. It's coming out in five days. And I should have it first before anybody else from my good friend. What's his name up there in Orlando? Big daddy. Whatever's name is. Big Papa. Big Papa. What's his name? Louis Perman. Louis Perman. Bob Perman. 560. I hope he loads him some money. And pound five 60 on a mobile one line. One, two, three. Hi there. Bothered by those esky religious fanatics. Excuse me. Have you made these for the ultimate Supreme be? Leave it on. Yes, you could try blowing them up. Pardon me, sir. But did you go that you're a mortal soul, and dangerous? But think of the mess. Not to mention those legal fees. That's why we at Lingham Labs have developed your whole way. The clean simple way to rid yourself of those annoying act of life. She does not need that I know. Fuck off! Where are we? What are we doing here? I'm gonna get a life. Yes, you're whole way. Pooven safe and effective. And for those annoying encounters at the airport, it's new travel size to hold away. Oh, it's too close. Yes, to hold away. It's a little crazy to keep fanatics away. Look for the pep control section of your local hardware store. 30 or 550 WGMG Amanda's for Hank and two o'clock, Kimbo, camper with six more than baseball on the clock tonight. So it's raining evidently. Negro babies up in Broward is what the facts are about just sent. I could turn on a weather channel. Only one probably being there. He won the small dish. We only get the generic one. So it doesn't show the local forecast. But it's like the end of the world out there. How do you like that? Because he works in the serious ways. You know, 567-0560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. So you didn't tell the people from power 96 that we were burning a bit. Are we a good one here before? And so I lit up the incense. They don't know. How's anybody gonna know? Like that first day, Bluff came in here. You know, that's a guard. This is a no-spoken environment. Yeah, smoke piss. I heard that there was a lot of smoke and going on yesterday when I left after I hinted out those polo pictures. We got in that box. Here's the North Miami Beach, hello. Hello, my name is Beach, yes sir. Yes sir, hi buddy. I just, hearing you talking about religion and many times when I call you point out how I just sound like I'm smoking some some kind of wheat. I just want to point out that I am and you're on the path at the beginning of the conversation. So you don't insult me with it. Next thing I'll talk about is religion. You know, I'm listening. I'm not going to be on the face. Sorry, I'm such an anvil. I'm not saying. Right. Okay, well I wanted to point out to you that, you know, that in the Judeo Christian faith, masturbation is equal to murder, you know. So that's the thing that drove me away from religion because that's the thing that drove you away from masturbation. No, no, no, from religion, that drove me toward masturbation. And the whole thing comes down to a few ways cement in some kind of way. Right. That might cut down on the amount of children born and you can't you can't spill that cement on the soil. That's right. I'm going to cross the ocean. Exactly. So that's the whole thing. The whole key is fluid management. Right. That's it. That's the whole religion enough. When you just see your penis like a fine automobile, make sure you have your fluid checked at all times. Another point I want to make. Yes, broke a line with my CD burner by the way. There's that asshole, bulk of Brian, yes, sir. Go ahead. I'm about the Jewish religion. He whole thing about all the social food. It's like the Jews have been teaching brand loyalty for 5,000 years. Yeah. Like everyone wonders why they have so much money. Yeah, but we're still buying from the going. Okay. God bless you, sir. Take it, buddy. And go zonheight. Okay. Here's bulk of Brian just walked in with a box. And guess what? We're going to stick his ass in there before the day is uh, saw your fault. And what timing, too? Because look at the facts I just got. Look where it's from. It's now. Yeah. It's it's smell. No, that's the uh, that's the instant. It's a look at it. Look at the handwriting. It looks like a two-year-old child wrote this from Sam Ashdores. Dear Neil, I sincerely apologize for the misunderstanding regarding your CD player slash recorder. It is on its way. Boker Brian promised you delivery of the uh, of the unit without first connecting it. Us without first consulting us. We appreciate your business and hope we can be of service unit without consulting us. Then he called in yesterday. That's BS. Didn't but did I speak to the guy yesterday? Yes. Am I in my nice previous I all day yesterday all day? Right. But now and now this male who's trying to save his job up there, which we hope we don't get into too much trouble. All the way over to care. But I mean, uh, he's blaming it on a bulk of Brian at his fault. When Boker Brian's trying to drum up some business for you, she used to understand it. I got a client's TV and he publishes a fine sponsor of ours, which didn't happen at the particular unit I want, or I would never dream to buy into any place else. And then we got Brands Mart up the street. We got Best Buy. We got Worst Buy. We got everybody in their brother-in-law's got these guy damn things now. And Poor Boker Brian factes me yesterday immediately. As soon as you heard me talking about wanting one of these damn things. And the turns me out of Sam Ash. Trying to drum up some business. Giving you guys a free plug on here. You've had 5,000 plugs. Unfortunately, the last 498 of him haven't been too good. And he was the one that told me that if I given the credit card number, he would take care of the whole thing. Right. That turned up to be wrong. And then they tear that thing up. They probably bought a couple of trips to a room with my credit card number up there. I'm calling all the airlines and telling them if anybody from Sam Ash has made any airline reservations in the last two hours cancel it. And here's Poor Boker Brian and there who's already depressed and mannequin side-cuttic. And he's standing there like holding up against the wall. Like the wall is compumbling down like Jericho. Just walk it off. Yeah, just calm down. Just take a deep breath. Okay. You'll feel better. I got your check here. Anyway, here you go. He still won't feel better. And there's the word suicide ring of bail. Yeah. Wow. All right. Let's not pick on him. Melga. Okay. That's not pick on him. Because he said it's all Brian's fall. Boker. Maybe we can inspire the bookahading guy to call him. Hey, too. Oh, god. This is, uh, I don't know what this is. Fun or I don't know. I'll let you know what seems like fun out how that thing works. Now what's the story with that thing? Do I have to hook that up to my amplifier or water? Is that like a free? How does that thing? Let's take a puke. It'll probably have to. Well, be hooked with the answer. Yeah. Do you see? Well, I know what, see. Hey, listen. I'm a wizard that's about the one thing in the world I can do. It's so kind of electronic crap. I'm great at that. It's like a CD player, but right. It also requires. So I'll just take that crappy turntable of mine out of there in this thickness in it. Or maybe I'll just take my CD even out of there. What color do I need that? That's a great idea. This does the same thing. So because I'll just stick that in there and I'll put my CD player someplace else. Like maybe up Brian's uh, yeah. Okay. Come on. Everybody stop picking on poor Boker Brian. All right. You put his glasses on. I mean, he's serious now. Oh, well, welcome to South Florida, ladies and gentlemen. You want to buy something. The answer is you want to give us some money? No. No. You want to do business with us? No. 560, 0560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. I'd say that's have time to record all those people. Maybe he can get him on the ear. Max made in the show. Max made in limbo. Wait. Say I'm right. Then you always second gets me. Call my hands before I even get my dad down. And when I've always on the day you've seen you get my bad bad day. And you know the recipe. Why am I in love with you? Oh, and I can't remember. When there's someone. I can count on you. Please be on the phone. When I hear you. I'm falling on. So why am I? Covered with stars. And you're just ready. Why am I in love with you? Okay. So here's the answer. And we don't have any discs. $635 later. I got a nice fill-ups unit here. I got my unit. Are there any discs in there? No. Even like one. No. No. But I do have a fac from the Miami Florida Cat Fans. You're celebrating 60 years thanking me for mentioning their catch-up on here and glad that your listeners will be able to enjoy the tickets. And they'd like to offer us more tickets so that we can share them with our listeners. No. And you like that. They must be listening very carefully. Okay. We've got 150 open lines right now. I guess everybody out there is drowning. Must be Noah got started all over again. Got pissed off. 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. So $635 later with tax of course. I've got this nice fill-ups unit here. This CD burner player recorder. Without one single CD artist in there or any other kind of disc. Now what am I going to do with that? Okay. Here's Dane. You, hello. I guess I'll have to go out in the pouring range. Slip it around. We can produce now. Hello. Dane you. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Larry's storage. That last week someone mentioned that troop on your show. Yeah. I think Larry's storage was the guy you're trying to think of the kind of things with the half flip-top. Anyway. I was trying to think about I never watched that. I don't know. I never saw once in my life. So anyway, you slammed dumped that lady great with the cat tickets. That was beautiful. Listen, and August, I'm going to take my wife dance today. And I'm pergymission, colon, Germany. All right. I'm planning to do the train like. But if there was a three, three things you must do, we'll be the three quick things you must do or see there. What do you mean right then? Well, I mean to place the gun ever been there before I disobeyed some of the Amsterdam. I had all the potential much you want. What's your going there for? I mean, what is it? Pizz it in a friend that who came over here? All of your visiting your friend. He'll he'll know you and he'll know the three things you want to go and do and who you want to do. Okay. But I understand it's a good time there. It's a great time. Amsterdam's the best. Okay. Hey, thanks. You know, you have a great time. You will. Yeah. For a three-year McDonald's you want to go to. Well, there's one there on the damrak right down there by the dam square. 560560 right next to the a pot chain place and pound five 60 on the mobile one line. We got Jim Mad Dog, man. The jacks who look clocked for Hank O'BURN. They hang stuff at the a prickness and bought them all for next to the 20 or 30 days and then we got Kimmer Wilkamp for a six what now? What am I missing out? What is he doesn't just want to get you some dust of project continues? I mean, what's the point of having this? I'm not going to have any discs. Oh, it looks nice. What in the box? If you look for it or not? Two by the way, you know, Brian, I'm just trying to size up what kind of what's I have a box. We would need for him. Three by five. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay, sure. Second biggest maple leaf fan and Florida behind you. Yeah. And I just want to thank Carrie Frazier that Ronald McDonald's wanted to. Yeah, well, it's all over sure. We don't we're not the real maple leaf fans don't cry in wine. You know, it's one of those things. We had the lead three times. We blew it. We deserved one's the game. You don't you don't keep letting that a freshman walk right into with an 8 feet of the net. You don't stand there like a cover or watching the Yuri Slayer walk right in. You have to place some defense to win in the stand and cup finals. You can't wait for the gold journey to referee. You have to win a game on your own. We had the game one and we blew it and it's as simple as that. Five six seven Sam tried to teach you out of be a real fan not to be a cry baby. Five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one land. They showed to replace 75,000 times the box still didn't go in and that yet, but you know what, we still blew the lead three different times in loss to game in late stages. You got to learn to play defense if you're going to win in the stand and cup. Here's a mobile and del Ray B. Chillin. Hey, God. Yes, sir. Are you done today? Okay. Do you get your, do you have to get your important programming letter from Dr. TV yesterday? No. And what are you now they're going to take NBC all over them off? Yeah. I don't have any of those on direct TV. Anyone? Yeah, I know. I have, I still have the NBC but I can put an out of standard taking that off. They gave me some stupid little letter to make copies so I could send off to the GM but all the way. Yeah, well they waste your time. Yeah, waste the stamp to postage. Hey, you're pretty good at looking up a electronic, huh? Yeah. That is the worst man. I got like a big third step. Find my TV. I can't figure out anything. Well, I'm, I'm an expert. I'm sure at everything. Okay. Have a great day. I can get some material. 5 670 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Where we going? Is there one that says I pray? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Mobile in Miami? Gone? Long gone? Let's try a mobile in Naples, hello? Not a mobile in the office. Here's somebody who has stationary Naples. I'm not an atheist but I do share your view about the organizer, religion, that link is nothing but something to sedate the masses and control them. And I'm wondering, have you ever seen any of the pictures of the telescope? Yeah. And seeing how vast the universe is? Right. I'm wondering how these people that follow religious, you know, the standard items religions can think that they have some sort of a concept of God when we can't even see past the edge of our own universe. Well, you know, I've been wanting that to be here. I've been having to do what you've been doing for 23 years and this time is ask people what God is and then you realize they don't have any concepts of what it is. It's just a word they've been brainwashed with if they're terrified like crap of death and that's what it's all about. There's nothing more to it than that. I think it's a lousy word because it brings to mind so many negative connotations especially, you know, the guy sitting on a marble throne with a long white beard. Yeah. That's just so totally ridiculous. God damn it. Yeah. How could you possibly stick God in any book or any philosophy? You know, this this thing that created this universe cannot be held down to one point or one thought. I mean, George said at the other day about, I jumped a little bit here, but I kind of I feel that the other side of the coin being an atheist is almost as ridiculous as what is that? There is a God. Why is that? Because you can't prove it and neither can they. There you see, you don't have to prove something when you're not the one at brought forth the hypothesis. See, you've got it backwards. If I say to you, there's little green men on Mars, you don't have to prove to me that there aren't. So it's not incumbent upon the atheist or anybody else on the non-believement of proof there is no God. If you, if you wanted to tell me there's a God, prove it. Okay. I'm still waiting. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. I mean, anybody with any common sense knows that this is all about your man made garbage, all I got to do is read this read this wheel. These sexist racist horrendous, grotesque swill written by a bunch of bigoted old men thousands of years ago. Oh, yeah, but the good book says, yeah, okay, whatever you say about Daniel and lines then. It's 11 before two if 5 60 and of course, you know, that's our poll for tomorrow, by the way. See, that's the good thing about this MP3 thing now on a computer. I was saying the George before during the break is that a lot of guys will be able to download all kinds of music that they're terrified to buy in the music store because they don't want to be by see them buying Elton John records. No, seriously, that means if you ask most straight guys, they like Elton John, they will tell you, all that bag it. I would never listen to Elton John. I got news for his many records as he sold over the years. There must, if only Faggot's listen to his music, there must be hell of a lot of us. Yeah, there are. You're right. So you don't like Elton John? Oh, yeah, I got a lot of it. I don't understand. The great guys don't want to hear the bitches back to many times, yeah, but other than that. Don't say I like disco. That's another thing. Or that's Fag music. Okay, yeah. That's what Borka Bryant said. 242 at 560 WCWM. Let me tell you.