He posted crap. Sports radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rodgers show to talk to Neil called 560 560 toll free for David Grower or Pomp 560 on your cell phone. The opinion of his guest's call is here. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily back position or the beefy blood test group? No, you need to relax your heart. Sports radio 560, you 880. This is Sunny Fox. I was on Neil Rodgers because I could hear the word asshole. Capital records presents the coming out of who great deep-tancet. It's the out of the closet till I drop the chance of hearing me. Here's my hand to fear you. No. Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy, come here Tommy. Just one second. I want to show you something. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? I'll tell you one thing, Jeff, you're a good guy, Tony tail, but next time you'd buy the TV. That is. Can't you tell me where the screen is? Doesn't it? Yeah, it's better to hear. That's a good thing. It sounds like somebody's snippet with the tweezers. Anyway, it's 1003 at 560 WQAM. They still haven't discovered that FCC's story. Let's hear it for local media. What they have we discovered? Sunny Fox. There's a legend in the broadcast industry. I don't need to sound offensive or disrespectful. But if you walk in the control room and see the arugies, it appears as though you should have wheels or both sides of this chair. You sit down and you're so forceful in the radio. If you're a bodyguard, but he leaves the radio station, good luck to him. I think he's got the conclusion. Chris, what's his name? Igor? What's his name? Right house. Chris, can't house? Oh, can't house. There's another five grand. That's what we're going to do today. I think we're going to like tell the F all the money that we owe the FCC. And by the way, I think I have figured out what the timing, the peculiar timing of this latest anticipated fine that they're saying maybe we'll get after the lawyers get through thrashing the sound. You think it might have something to do with Littleton. And the fact that now the government has to play goody two shoes again. Because I know that if I were like a teenager, and I heard somebody say the word uterus on a radio, I go out and probably go out for the whole town. You know what? I'd kill at least three or four people anyway. Wouldn't you? I would, uh, sure. Or if I heard that foul mouth dolphin thing, I'd probably go half the town away. Even with all those bleeps in there. But nevertheless. So here's a big story in the living arts section this morning. And by the way, thanks to Joe Rose this morning who explained to me, now I understand what they don't talk about the pros and cons that book on the sport shows. Because basically what Littledog said is, we have to show here because these shows are for the people who don't talk about the pros and cons that book on the sport shows. Because basically what Littledog said is, we have to show here because these shows are for the people who don't care about how many scumbags there are on professional sports. That I'm paraphrasing a little bit, but that's basically what he said, which is why of course they are narrow casting. Anybody who's a sports who's interested in sports a little bit or kind of a passing sports fan, but isn't one of these nerds who doesn't just go ahead over heels for scumbags like Lawrence Taylor for example. And there's a good, there's an excellent example. Lawrence Taylor, what are the lowest forms of subhuman excrement on the face of the earth gets inducted in the football Hall of Fame in Canton, Ohio. Pete Rose of course, that was gambling, which raises questions about the integrity of the game like I've told you before. Lawrence Taylor, it doesn't make any difference how many drugs he did sold, bought, etc., they don't care about drugs. And that's the F and truth. Let me tell you that right now. And I'll say with baseball that's why Orlando, so pay to get to Pete Rose doesn't. He with Orlando was only drugs, that's his own thing. He can be a scumbag, but he can still be in there. But Pete Rose is gambling. It raises questions about the integrity of the game, you know. Bring the respect of those ugly days of 1919 and the black socks. We don't want to relive those days again, do we? How long have you do? Hey listen, it worked for the $64,000 challenge in 21. Take a look at Jack Jack Barry, rest in peace. By the way, do you know Jack Barry died? Don't give me who? Jack Barry from 21? Don't give you who? Joker. Joker. What was the end of that joke, Joker's what? Vile. Okay, I know what you're talking about. You know, you're just, you got to expand your horizons a little bit. It's been a long time. That was a little wild one. And he also had to show many years ago, which can we say this? I think we're going to get fined for this called Winky Dink. And you. You can't say Winky Dink anymore, can you? Oh, I said he had a show called Winky. There was a little kid. No seriously, was a kid show. And that was back in the 50s. It goes to show you. We're not making progress in this country. We're moving into the Stone Age. You say Dink on here, that's $20,000. So we used to have a show called Winky Dink. And what it was is you would join up. And you'd have to send in like the box top from a Kellogg's, some brand of cereal. And they would send you like a little plastic screen that you put over the TV screen. This isn't black and white in the days of black and white. And we're like, yeah, and you'd have to like, with crayons. And you could mark on it and watch it in the show. I mean, that's all I remember of it, but it was called Winky Dink and you inject the Winky, Winky, you inject the Winky, you inject the Winky, you inject the Winky, it was the host. So back in the 50s, Dink was okay, but Dink is bad in the 90s. That's a message from the Federal censorship commission and all these other right wing assholes. By the way, did I mention that the FCC are a bunch of ain't over ten of assholes yet today? Oh, okay, well, Larry, you are. I just said it. Now they haven't discovered that story yet. Nobody in the local media. And the reason that nobody's discovered has become Tom Jick is in Pasadena, covering the fall preview of this annual journey that he makes out there. So we can go to Santa Anita or Hollywood Park where the over is open. So that's the reason Tom Jick has written about in the Sun Sentals because he's not there. So when when he's not here, nobody in his town was anything from radio at all except Howard Cohen, the staff writer at the Harrow, who has a big piece in here with pictures and a whole deal of full color. Here's Sunny Fox and Ron Hershey Highway on kiss. And there's only one, well, are two things I learned in this article today. By the way, give J.P. back his $13 and stuff. Don't take it to me and joke and split it. No, no, why don't you use that for lunch today? Let's call it bread and we'll buy a little something. You go into Mom's are you? No, I'm Tuesday. I go out and Wednesday. Oh, sorry. You're going to tell you, you are slipping. You are slipping. Not only don't you know Jack Barry or Martin the Gransky, you don't know that I go to Mom's on Wednesday for lunch. I felt like Wednesday. In fact, no, what I'm going to do there and not go in for lunch, I'm going to go to a house and mummers to a garbage when she's not there. Then tomorrow I'll go there for lunch and say, oh, guess what? Look at this. I found this condom and your waste basket, Ma. Who was here? Yeah, who was visiting? Yeah. But anyway, she only wishes. So here's producer Janet Speetziali, sounds real Italian to me. The thing two things I learned in this article about the Sunny Fox and Ron Hershey Highway, who are now on Kiss at the morning, which is our sister station, is that Kiss, I don't even know who this guy is. If I ever seen him, they've done a few. What have been here once? I don't know. How come Kiss has got its own general manager? I thought that Greg Reed was the general manager of the QAM of Power 96 and Kiss. And guess what? Who out of three ain't bad? Even Pete Rose didn't bet 667. But nevertheless, they've done a few. Maybe that's why Kiss does so well because Greg Reed doesn't have his finger stuck in it. That probably is the reason to note to that. Yeah, he stays there a lot of the reason powered us so phenomenally well is because Kid Curry runs that. And Greg has nothing to do with that whatsoever. I mean, nothing. Less than nothing. Although he has been on to call that Psychic Network late at night. Oh, and by the way, they have a new name for that show. It's the Psychic Duck Network. Anyway, why? What is wrong with that? What's wrong with a bunch of big fat Psychic Dikes? I don't see anything wrong with that. With Saggy Hooters hanging out of their knees. Oh, there's another $10,000. Now I'm going to check your 10 at $560 to QAM. We're going to find out who the real Dave's who the Donny who is. Who that guy is. The general manager. He's the, yeah, I can't even get myself to say it. The general manager of WKIS, country kiss. I just go on there, Sunny Fox. Maybe Sunny will grace us with another one of those great calls. That's the one thing I learned and the other one was the fact that he's not drinking anymore. How you doing, Sunny? Okay. Anybody believe Sunny's sober these days? No. Come on. He's sober as a judge. That's what he said. Right, Sunny? It's a lot of gamma there. I got one. FBC is tracking. R Is if I took this Tell me about this You welcome to one adult wrapa funny probably 16 at fiveEEW Dokai it was in 1996 the new DJ, but something didn't feel right. I hadn't worked alone for years, Fox says he says he hadn't done it alone. That's not what we hear. 10 months later, her Hershey Highway we teamed with kids of Fox at Kiss, Southhold has only come through station and the two settled in there for mid-year routine. We've been together longer than our last marriage as her she says. I don't like that. We're almost like brothers after 20 years if one of them was a girl they'd be married for sure. You think one of might be a girl? I'm not going to say which one. But anyway, so Joe Costello says that when Sunny Fox was over there with kids sucking around hoping to get a job. Remember like he was sucking around at Paxon when he filled on the morning show and run the ads through the coop because he's a coward. And then so they were trying a part-time fileness for Bennington there in the morning to see who was going to be the other. Not not letting me ask you this. If they would have hired because the other guy they brought in, what was his first name? Billy. Billy. But he became Ron because they didn't want to change the name of the show because the watch is named with a white hair would have got all upset. I forgot his name already. Tommy. Oh, Tommy. Kramer. Who, by the way, did not do drugs in the sixteenth or seventeenth. I'm not too sure about the nineties. What I'll burn out. But anyway, Tommy would have been able to say Ron and Billy so we had to keep it the Ron and Ron show because basically the pre-pubescent mind that listened to that show, they would never been able to handle anything besides Ron and Ron. It could have been Billy and Billy but that's like four syllables. So Ron and Ron, that's about as far as they could go with the people who listened to that show. Was that a great show or what? Oh, oh my god. So anyway, my question is if they would have hired Sony, who I thought he was okay on here? Maybe he just didn't have quite the chemistry with Bennington. You know, he didn't have the air for it. With the dread the deadlocks? Guys who question about people with dreadlocks today ever like bees? No. They put a hernard on when they take a shower. When they take a shower? Oh, like I said, one of that. See, that's a bit of excuse not to take a shower. I don't want to mess up my dreadlocks, man. Huh? There are a few, few words. I can't think of anything in the world. Other than seeing Sony Fox, I can think of nothing else that makes me more nauseous than seeing people with dreadlocks. Is that make me a bigot? Like, we'll be Goldberg. Oh, I get the Willy. So I get the heave, the dry heave, when I see that pitch. Why do people do that? Is it just to show how obnoxious and disgusting an anti-social aching be? Is that what it is? Uh-huh. And how much they can make you feel a squeamish? And you can only imagine the stuff that's crawling around in there. After weeks and months and not bathing, you can only imagine the bacterial growth and all the stuff that's all the live organisms that are crawling and oozing around in there. You know, like Jimmy Hendrix, rest in peace, but I mean, let's face it. You don't want to, you want to hear his music, but you don't want to get too close. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Yeah. It's kind of like, and maybe that's why Greg, I hear Greg Reduce to have dreadlocks that he got him cut real short. And even now, he still can't get the lights out of his head, which is why he keeps picking all over there, you know, all the time. Maybe he's got cradle cap. Is that what it is? I don't think so. Not in his case. You're confusing him with Bob Green. So anyway, getting back to sunny Fox. So come to fight out from I don't want to say Joe Costa, I'll tell you, because he doesn't like anybody. And I'll tell you who Joe Costa will hate the worst, and maybe he can't help it because it's that type of foot fetish is that jackass footie over there while in 100. Who gets mentioned in the article by Howard Cohen, by the way, I bet you Howard Cohen doesn't even own a radio. So Joe Costa, Lottels me that when sunny was over there sucking around a kiss after being a bump around and bump around and didn't get on over there with Ron the Bennington didn't get that job. Couldn't get a gig that he was sucking up to everybody. Real Mr. My Sky. And once as soon as they gave him the job on the morning show, everybody, treated like crap. In fact, I said, well, what do you really think about sunny Joe and he said, he's an asshole. Wow. Pretty strong language from our buddy, Joe Costa, but he generally has got it right. I said, well, what about that production guy that bolted at Igor Chris Cathouse? I said, what about him? He's an asshole. Oh my god. He sure was friendly when we had all the free food here last week. He came in here and sucked up about, I would say about $13 worth of food myself, just estimating off hand. So if we put his $13 in JP, $13 bucks that he bought in this morning, we're $6 a head of the game. So the 20 I paid for the other day. Now actually I paid the 20 bucks. It wasn't for the lunch it was hush money, so it stopped picking on JP. That's what I paid in the 20 bucks for. Now I don't take credit cards, okay? Do you? I got a plan on cards sweetheart. So anyway, big piece in here about sunny fox and Ron Hershey, highway to pay for this morning. While we're getting fine, what is with these calls this morning? We had like already 20 calls. I didn't have a chance to put any money area. Before I talk about being in a big hurry, they're probably getting all registered to make sure they can go out and go out and vote two days from now on Thursday. On that of course, wouldn't you know it? Oh, guess it's got another great column in the hill that I can't believe it. Two and one week, Fred Grimm, this guy may actually replace so what was his name, John Grogan? As like a local column is to write more than one good column a year. A hero dies and nobody notices, I'm not going to read the whole thing unless he gets really dull here, which it looks like it's going to be, but nevertheless, Fred Grimm writes that Frank Johnson died Friday, not many noticed who the hell, well you wouldn't even know who that was, would you? Oh, we can't say Johnson on a year. Oh, there's another five grand. Can't say Johnson. Can't say Dick, can't say Johnson, can't say Willy? What other nicknames? And certainly can't say Box. Anyway, Frank Johnson died while the National Media Ruff exploiting the death of a celebrity icon and by the way, there is still on it. You'll never guess what the hunchback had on last night there. America's number one apologists for the number one utilizer for the Kennedy's. He had a bunch of people to including that Bailey, who never met a bottle of you didn't like. Talking about the safety of flying alone. You know, small plane crashes. They just say there's nothing else going on. They will not let it go. They won't let it go. They're in a feeding frenzied on it. So anyway, Fred Grimm writes that Frank Johnson was the judge. He was the man who in the defense of the Constitution stood up to George Wallace and state sanction racism despite death threats and bombs and unspeakable harassment. One of the bravest federal judges of our times and his many of his pioneering decisions later upheld by the Supreme Court were applied to become the law of the nation. And yet the death of Judge Frank M. Johnson went on remarked by the anchors on the big networks. His death rated on a shame to say says Fred Grimm only 14 paragraphs deep inside the Miami Herald. On the same day, the JFK Memorial Service was splashed across the front page. So on page one, you had the 85th day of a JFK and on page four B if you noticed which nobody did. There was Yardachal about one of the great federal judges Frank Johnson. See, nobody cares about federal freaking judges no matter how significant their role would be of an enshipping American life in history. Nobody cares about that because he wasn't glamorous and didn't have the name Kennedy and didn't have some glutey magazine and at bitch who called at the end of the show yesterday all I could say to you sweetheart thank God we ran out of time because I would have sliced your ass up from one side of the other I might still do it today because I'm in just the right mood to do it. We go through four whole hours here yesterday mostly about this election coming up on Thursday which of course does have to do with most people's lives who live work and drive in South Florida. God forbid we should talk about something that really affects our lives instead of somebody who died and nobody knew in his audience. And there's bitch called right at the end of the show. Well, my identified teens and said that you're not going to like it and she goes into a big song that has tried to rationalize about how when I croaked I'm going to say I hate to break the newsiest we'd art but if and when I do croaked I'm still on the air which I doubt because I'm helping you then a horse. But if I should the fact is this that the people who would be upset about it would be people I've been entertaining for 23 years or part of that 23 years so maybe I did make some little significant addition to their lives. Did Junior did John John entertain us? No. Was he interesting? No. Was he provocative? Was he humorous? No. Was he anything in my life? No. You're alive? No. So what did you talk about honey? You silly thing? God she was pathetic. Trying to rationalize what you're really trying to do at my expense is make yourself feel better about the fact that your priorities are all screwed up. That your attitudes are absolutely humanly unacceptable. Unacceptable. The fact that you don't have enough Hutspa to like you know enough intestinal fortitude to step away from the masses who gets sucked in by the media hype and get convinced that oh this was something a monumental event in our life and this was an extraordinary human being. See I'm getting started on again because of that bitch but that's good because there's no calls. What we've had we're looking at is we had 48 of countenance and 48 calls over it and there's nobody hanging on. Thought of people very upset about what you're saying about Ron and Ron. That's what that story was all about. There were people who listened to Ron and Ron calling this show. I hate to break the news to you Ron and Ron happen to be to my best personal friends. That's what they said and if you guys can't take a joke I think no seriously. If they weren't big fans of mine if Ron and Ron and I hadn't been really tight back in Ozo short they were brief but they were great those passion days. I mean what are you talking about? It's so embarrassing. True. That's right. It's a matter of fact Neil Rogers is my lover. There you go. A little loan fact. Bennings and probably still embarrassed about it. In his case I made an exception about the dreadlocks. Well seriously there are people in this audience who thought that Ron and Ron were entertaining that they had a show. Remember when they went off the year the first time when they went into a panic over there at the Zeta because Howard had just come on here and they knew that after one book that was obvious that Howard was going to blow them out of the water because they blew and the ratings were dropping like a rock so they unceremoniously yanked them off the year and they vanished for quite a period of time and we kept getting these calls on IOD. Oh Ron and Ron are coming back. Well look they're coming back. Well half of that was true. One of them did come back. The other one was too lacking in test full four to two. There's that word again so they could come back. So we had Ron Bennings and the Ron of choice which I never did do Ron asking the question if they would have heard Tony Fox would have been Ron and Ron Fox. Oh yeah he would have had a changes name. You've heard him for a hundred years in a market of sunny Fox but now he's Ron Fox because we don't want to confuse Tommy Kramer. He'd have done it. Who never did any drugs in the 70s but he just looks like it. Tommy Kramer. There was a radio legend man. There was a guy. Huh? Remember when he came up with that great bit that stage bit about somebody who died who didn't die who was a Tony Venice or somebody somebody insignificant. And they put that thing on the year that was about the most famous thing they ever did besides is that argument they had on the year which I'm going to play it in and by the way you inspired me. That on the year history of between Bennings and D.N. So actually we had how many four people who liked Ron and Ron. That's our pool question today. Who do you like better Ron and Ron or Rick and Suds or the first team? Let's throw them in there too. Oh yes, personally after Little Dog made those ridiculous comments this morning try to justify the whimpyness they had toward these scumbags. Like Lawrence Phillips. Oh yeah there we go 49ers. I'm happy to be able to fit in good out there for about a week. Fill the locals get a hold of him. Yeah they'll show him up. Back to something or two. Squadron. What you got is a meeting? No. That's my rule I won't. Let's throw. That's the rule for me. You're in radio? I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to see you. I don't want to know you. You're in the business. I don't want to know you. Loosen my thumb for now. How do you really feel? The business has been mean to you over the years. You haven't taken enough out of it. Business has been so cold to me. I thank you and now I can go away in peace very very very soon. Goodbye. I think we just signed off. No, no, no, just me. Just me signing off. How's the crib? How's the down south crib? Nice? Yes, great. It's great. Love the hood. You know I'm just trying to get in my life as getting these rumors about you leave them. Why do we buy and allow? I don't know. I mean, you get them tell me until after we already put the mortgage down. I told you before the mortgage. You were friends. Yes, I did. I remember talking to you about this. You never talked to me. I heard from someone else. I know. I talked to you in the middle of November. We all sat down in the middle of November. You in the middle of a deal. You didn't do the deal. I mean, I did another deal. You told me that. I just said I didn't know. You told me that. You told me that I didn't know that. You did. Do you never talked to November? We did talk to November. We sat in the hotel room in November and talked. What hotel room? That hotel lobby. And then we went up to the room in Tampa. That hotel room. Remember we had lunch and then we went up to the room? By that time I already had my place. No, by that time you didn't have your place. I didn't talk to you. I talked to the people that you had told me. No, we all talked. We all sat up there and talked together. We did. We had a meeting. We all sat down, talked, and then you and I and two other individuals from the company sat down and had a meeting in the hotel room. And that's how I went down. That's what happened. And that was before Thanksgiving. And here we are January 6th. Are we going to have a conversation or what? Are we done? Should I walk away now? You're going to do whatever you want to do, man. I have done whatever I want to do. But should I walk away now? Would it be more, would it be easier? I don't want to make this thing. No, no, no. Things all about you anyway. It's not all about me. It's about this show continues. It's not all about me. It's not all about me. It's about I'm moving on and we're making this an easy transition. Let's make it then. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. We are making it. I'm going on. I'm going on. I'm going on. Okay. I asked you about the crib. That's all. It's great, right? Man, I'll just leave now. If it seems you're that way, I will. We're just not easier that way. Well, then what are you going? Then why are you saying, why are you doing? I'm not doing anything. Let's go on. Let's ask like everything's happy. I'm not exactly what I was doing. And then you took your headphones off and didn't want to talk to them. I'm not lying. I'm not playing at all, man. I'm being totally honest with you. And I have been. What do you mean, yeah? I'm glad I'm glad everything's going down the way it's going down. It's all happy to me. It's all happy to me. I know it is. It's time for me to move on. That's all. All right. So let's change the subject. I didn't bring it up, man. I didn't have a conversation with you and you just stopped talking to me. We up and careful was a crap-be morning show that in Orlando's day ran at two. Now they can compete in old Tampa Bay. They're hot in Jacksonville and stay to two. All hot and run. They just aren't that funny. It's something to me. They make too much money running. Boy they blow run and run. All of the games like the Call of the Bros. Bash the Gays and the F-Mix 2. There were some sunny box or party shoes, laughs at their mullo and even. Joey Tune Run and Run. They just aren't that funny. It's something to me. They make too much money running. Run and run. Boy they suck. Run and run. You know these two losers show is a real loser, but I must get credit where credit is to out the certified minutes of that bad radio. Make me love that Chuck Myers morning show. Run and run. They just aren't that funny. There's something tells me they're classes from sunny run and run. Boy they blow run and run. I'll tell you that's best one, man. He was a video piece. You know I'm saying of work. It's a 1037 and 560 WQM. Come on. How come these run and run defenders? Which I never would have played any of that stuff. But thanks for helping me kill about six minutes there. But how come they don't want to talk on here? They bunch of pussy just like the ads who wouldn't have the balls to come down here. They must take after him. 567560. If you liked them it's something had a good show. Let's hear about it. Go call up George and get him a song to dance. He's got nothing to do with what I'm saying here. Even though he agrees of course, 567560 pound five stuff. He did like Tommy Cramer. He liked that here too. Here's Hollywood. Hello Hollywood. I guess what? This doesn't work again. You didn't reboot the phone. Here we go again. Jesus Christ. God is this a piece of crap this place. Here we go. All right. I don't know. I just start all over again. 40 minutes I'm on here this morning. Hocken my lungs out and this goddamn place with this horseball phone system. Nice going Greg. Of course, what's Greg worried about? He's worried about picking the new U of M hurricane voice which we'll talk about. Which finally he did something to make sense by the way. Hello. I do want to pull out one thing out. Jesus, Jackie sucks. Jesus, Jackie sucks. Jesus, Jackie sucks. Jesus, Jackie sucks. Jesus, Jackie sucks. Okay. Yeah. The color meant. You know what an oxy moron that is? How can somebody as colorless as Joe's a gacky be the color guy and you in football? You know what I'm talking about? Ridiculous. Huh? Okay. Is that the, now see how come the Hollywood guy that was going to be on first talk? Come, he's online now. I don't understand that. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. And they're not there. Hollywood, hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yeah, you're doing a hang up on me. I didn't even hear you. This is my first time calling you show. I'm the Jill Tee that called this morning on the first team. Talking about me, hang up on me in a second time. What do you mean the second time? Well, I call twice. Well, of course, you can't call the show twice in the same day. Now you're calling me too. I'm saying it's becoming chronic. You're not green. We should do it. I don't care whether you're green enough. But don't become chronic. Okay, yes, sir. What were you saying? I heard you're called by the way. I agree. You know, I'm just totally offended by the fans, but it's a more free to broadcast this to who who don't have the balls really. Right. That's right. You guys in the morning show. You missed your first thing. The same thing over again. I'm not sure. He's a, see? What am I trying to say? I'm trying to say you're becoming chronic, man. You just got through saying the same thing on air show. I heard it coming in. I wasn't that long ago. And then you tried calling them back a second time. And they said goodbye. You don't call twice on the same day. And I, you're calling me for a third time. You turned as wrong with you, man. I do agree with you. But that doesn't mean we want to make it like a stuck record. I just got to repeating what you said. Great call, Joe, but don't keep doing them like a habit of it. God. There are bunch of scumbags out there. And the people in sports radio don't want to tell you that. Because then it'll, that takes the green. You see, they have to have the polish and a hype on there so that everybody up in the morons feel, oh, these are really important people, man. These are great people that we can admire in all our kids. Can look up to like Lawrence Phillips, right? Yeah. Yeah. Scumbags. The scumbag of the month, whether it's Lawrence Taylor, whether it's LT, LT, LT, OJ, whichever name you want to put in there. You're all I'm talking about. Roll. He knows where to stick it. 5, 6, 7, 0, and what is that? Happy to do with Ron and Ron anyway. I want to see what I'm talking about with his audience. They get me whipped up with his Ron and Ron thing because they're calling you off the year. I played the bits there, which were relatively amusing, especially that little fall out there head on the year there, which I love. Because on that, basically that show was nothing but a bunch of backstabbing anyway. And they all hated each other like poison. It was a backstabbing fest is what it was. Not a love fest like around here. Where we all love each other. Uh-oh. I mean, you got it stuck. Long capture. Empasema. Smegma. Zeberia. The Ryusus. They can all be attributed to the harmful effect of smoking cigarettes. Hello. I'm William Talon. Perhaps you'll remember, man, as Hamilton burgers. Brandon Mersabba said already on every name. No. And now I'm dead. So take it from me. Keep the habit and you won't wind up like I do. Don't smoke and you'll never die. Amber. This message paid for by the bill. It's in Band-Fast smoking community for immortality. Dammit. Hey, anybody got a light? Ben 45 at 5.60. WDQM Hank is back today at 2 o'clock. He's back from his extended vacation. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. We're supposing to be quite upset. I'm fine. I don't know what deposolistic and his nose and a Hank's vacation for Kronolot. I mean, more power to him. If he can get 48 weeks off a year, why to hell not? Get whatever you can get man, grab it. That beful man. He's a little bit out of control lately. You know, little dog. He's a buddy. He's an ex-joc with a big head. And guilty turns out it. See, I went your wrong, your wrong. You ever go at this time? I was told he had a wrong side about that show. I thought that guilty with that squeaky voice. You know, he was the a chicken with a wood pile. Turns out he's the only one of that entire show. That's he's the one that's holding it together. He's the anchor. That's right. He's the human anchor on that show because that beful man. Man. Come to me in the hallway this morning. Hey, I see your buddy Joseph Gackie's got that the color job on a football. I hear your buddy. And I said, Joseph Gackie sucks. Joseph Gackie sucks. Joseph Gackie sucks. And then he said, oh, yeah, you're right. I think I will do an hour on that today. The fact, and you see, here's one thing. I want you to understand right now. Finally, Greg Reed, let's give a little bit of credit. So we give him some credit. Oh, well, let's do it anyway. He has the opportunity once to hire the play by play guy for all these stupid sports things. We got on the station, which is breaking us by the way, breaking a bank and causing our sales people to have the work 24 hours a day to try to sell a bunch of cheap spots on his horseball play by play garbage. But nevertheless, now that we got this hurricane stuff. So now he finally has the chance to pick the guy and he does the right thing and pick the guy from the University of Massachusetts. Oh, there we go. Nice going, Greg, because I can guarantee you, and this is right from the horses, but that if they would have had the option to pick and to play by play the guy for the new guy for the Panthers, it wouldn't have been Jigs McDonald. What it's called. No. You can take that to the bank and Jigs, you're a good guy. Never stole our free train. But God, are you old tired and stale? I'd rather listen to Ron and Ron do the damn Panther games than God Dave. I'd rather listen to Fes Wattley do the game games than Jigs McDonald. Because guess what, Jigs, your jig is up. You know what I'm saying? Man, oh man, old stale tired and funny, buddy. Nice guy, great guy. But see, I don't let that. I don't confuse personal with business. I would love to be on here saying, man, this guy's done a much, but again, did we have the chance to pick an act? Oh, no. Bill Tory and the Panther organization where there's a trigger under every wood pile. There are the ones who picked that, would I? Insexualist thing that they've got going on. Just like Dean Jordan brought his buddies, Christine, and more in here and Bill's Emperor, and I don't want to mention any other names because it'll set your jaw. You know what I'm saying? But you know what I'm talking about? Not good, close personal best friend. That was brought in here by his good buddy, Dean Jordan. And then as soon as Dean left, of course, we all turned on him. And rightfully so with that crappy suit, with that olive, that olive, brindle suit. Do you ever see that man? Dean Jordan? You know, I'm like Chris Moore. Now you've seen him, right? Did you ever see him? Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know how people have like certain body language? And Chris Moore were like, from, he would from. He wouldn't walk up and down the stairs that the older we were going to. He would like from his way up and up and up and like the body language of a real born loser. Well, he was like Hercules compared to Dean Jordan. He just kind of waddle around with a tasty, a paisley, uh, oh, God. Here's a mobile and pombie, chill out. Neil God. Yes, sir. Hey, man, there's nobody to compare you to. Yeah, we're happy. We're happy. We're happy with hearing me. We're talking about the great run and run this morning. Yeah, well, worse. The very old Ron and Ron shows they weren't so bad. I mean, they weren't they were tolerable. Well, see, we never had the Ron and Ron show here on the IOD because the DS, the went to they had it originally way back in the beginning. Okay, ready. So they had a lot of, this is all we need because they will get another 20,000 from the FCC. Okay, you can't say crap on here just because you listen to Ron and Ron even though it fits in with their show. In fact, remember the days that they came in on IOD when they were moving down, or going to supposedly going to be moving the show down? I'm trying to remember what was the show was already on here in the morning, right? Wasn't it previously? No, no, I'm talking about when we first went to Paxon, were they on right off the bat or not? No, no, what was on? Rick and Suds were still in the morning? I forget. Yeah, I guess so. Rick and Suds were still in the morning. I can't remember though, they, I guess, uh, stay. I guess they weren't, weren't the time or pretend remember either one of us. But anyway, to make a long story short before they were going to come down and do their show on the station here at Miami, they were moving their operation down here. But when they were in the morning, right, you're right, right, and they came to town with Tommy Cramer, the ballthead of geek who didn't do drugs in the 60s or 70s. And they came in at the end, so they're standing in a control room and I says, hey, bring the guys in here. Okay, because I want to give them a little send off. You know, we're going to be on the same operating out of the same building. I'm trying to give them a little publicity there. And so they come in and sit down. I bet, and he was okay. He was a little bit of a sense of humor. Didn't take himself quite so seriously. But Diaz, the, uh, would be a cigar store, uh, wooden Indian. I have never seen any, and he walks in in the first thing. He tells people after he walks out. I've never seen such a soft man in my life, meaning me. Well, how does he know whether I was, and a guarantee if I had been hard before I came in, after looking at him, I got soft in about two seconds. You know what I'm saying? A skin texture and light like burned leather. Is that a good way to describe the way this man looks for burnt leather? And his wooden as a cigar store Indian, you're spraying. And I'm sitting there. I'm trying to loosen him up a little bit, but have a little bit of fun with these guys. Okay. And his expression was as wooden as the totem pole that he was born on. Never changed in Iota, the S. The one that went out and didn't bother coming down and disappeared. Our mundo. And I made, and I made the commentators, well, you know, I'll tell you one thing. I said, you know, and I made a bad mistake. I said, you know, anybody ever told you, sound exactly like Howard, because his voice, really, if you had the two of them on side by side, you couldn't tell him apart. His voice, I'm not saying he was Howard or in any way, she had performed, but nevertheless, they were in the lesbians and slots. And as soon as I mentioned Howard's name, this look came over the, oh, like, I think that's what Sidham over the edge. That's why he went out and didn't bother coming down. Remember that? And that was man as a compliment. That wasn't a knockout wasn't a comparison. All I said was that his voice sounded just like Howard. And just at the mere mention of Howard's life, both wanted to get up and run all the room and cry and shout, Howard, who's that? You know, the guy that chased you off the market in the first place, assholes, that's who it is. Don't forget the best part. Tommy Cravers lying. I didn't a hallway. I don't want to say it was my good buddy Wayne that overheated in the hallway down there. Is he still working there by the way? Yes. Oh, like I said, I wasn't Wayne with somebody else. But anyway, so they walk out of there after a real like our 10 or 15 minute bit, I'm trying to introduce them and loosen them up a little bit. And you know, I had done what did I say? Oh, I did was, I don't know what I said. I just haven't a little fun with them. Took a couple of shots, you know, a little, which is the way having no little fun. They got a little love, love pap here and there. And they walk out of the door in a hallway and this little, uh, whipped Tommy Craimer was served no useful purpose at all. Another old burnout who looked like Sonny Fox hit about 20 years. Oh, I've never seen it. What was the, you remember the exact quote? Oh, sure. Yeah. Well, you would. I've never seen a man put a grenade in his mouth and pull the pin. Right. How do you like that? Is it I was the one that was self-destructing amazing enough? I was the one that get paid off seven months not to work and had a nice seven months, bus mentality thanks to buddy Wood Jackson and came here for a hell of a lot more money than I was making there. And they're the ones who like, how's that show doing? Are they on the air here? Oh, no. Tommy Craimer, another man who's existence, we, uh, question the reason for what was he the talent coach, the talent coach, how do you like that? The talent freaking coach, how can you coach Ron and Ron and call yourself a talent coach? Isn't that an oxy moron? Uh-huh. Don't you have to have talent before you can coach it. Isn't that the deal? Uh-huh. God. And when you watch because they're the same whips, the same kind of whips is Ron Diaz. They won't call me. They called you off the air to take your umbrids with my comments about Ron and Ron. They sucked, okay. They're show sucked. They're rating sucked. Everything about them sucked. The guy damn, uh, bending to what his name, Dredlock sucked. And Diaz would as lack of a sense of humor. And then the guy, the, uh, Billy guy that you brought in the, the, the, they brought in the youth that was a good guy. I didn't hear that part. What? He was doing it all the time. He had to get a good guy, Johnson, and he used to call his kid a gimp on a year all the time. I got a little bit of sense of humor, okay? But how do you like that when a kid gets to be about 10 or 11 years old? And the kids in school are saying, hey, uh, Joey, how come your dad's always calling you a gimp on a year? And then your kid goes, uh, like that, you know, what's he gonna say? 560, 50560, pound 560, Unable One line. You had to be there, I guess. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. New guy. Yes, sir. You're one sensitive individual. I'm sensitive. I'm just kidding. Um, I'm a sensitive. I'm a human, really. I'm a human. Also a big Ron and Ron fan. Oh, here we go. All right, let's hear it. Oh, Ron, it's not bless you, sir. For having some balls, which most people just don't have any. I'm not a problem. I heard that Bennington and that Fez are on the crow. I guess, up in Daytona. They're on the crow? Yeah, they're for the birds. Yeah, exactly. But, uh, got you used to go see Ron Bennington and Uncle Funny from they were down here and they were there. Oh, Uncle Funny, there's another one of those great places where people like Chris Baker use staying out. Exactly. But, uh, on the stage, you know, instead of comedy is in on, is he good? Oh, he's hysterical. Yeah. He's just, they're an absolute right. They've tried and fed up for a little song or something else, pretty pathetic. But, uh, Ron Bennington, uh, he basically was the anchor that showed. I didn't think they needed anything else. And I'm taking a little cross over where you and he had chattered between shows or something. And, uh, I really enjoy that. The, uh, that's what he got. Yeah, he was okay. He at least, like I said, didn't take himself too seriously. And that has sent the humor. But, D.A. was such a hard ass man or something wrong with that guy. Right. Right. I guess it was kind of good cop bad cop. Talk about talking to yourself too seriously. Funny cop and, uh, stone. Yeah, uh, cigar's the onion. Exactly. Did you ever see D.A.? I'm not didn't. I'm telling you, man, this guy, his complexion, if, if you took an old baseball glove, and he sent it on a fire at Woodstock for about six weeks, that's what his skin looked like. You paid a pretty vivid talk about a burnout. No doubt. Keep up the good work. Can I call somebody do you do that? Yes, sir. Go right ahead. Parker, you're a tone, the tone or cell in this way. All right. Congratulations, Pral. I'm being the one guy in the audience with some balls. Great. What the hell's up there? Yeah, you shut up already, William. There's my best post personal friend who George hates like poison, by the way. 1056 at 560 WQMs. You want to think about it. I'm the only one here. That's a good guy that likes everybody. These are the people George and Joe. They hate everyone, you know? You mentioned any name and they say, he's an asshole. Yeah, no matter if people are in the full book, you could just read the name. He's an asshole. Yeah. Because they're just hard asses. And we got mad, though, baby. WQMs. Yeah. Oh, my god. Who is Audrey? I'm just mentioning what Robert's ever going to play right there, because leave it to JP who's almost, he's made up for $7 worth of the 20 I paid for those lunch and he's scammed from bread. It looks at the schedule over here, which I never looked at that thing, because that would dignified dust existence looking at that stupid schedule. Well, seriously, Thursday, see, ordinarily, I would say, ah, we both, we all would say that. But on the one, I think it's a conspiracy. I think John Henry's in bed with God damn. I'm here. Pinos is what I'm sorry. I'm here on a whatever his name is. Can't say it's a ping on that's better. There you go. I have a five thing on the toilet. Keep that cash register going with the F federal censorship permission. The marlins are playing in Philadelphia in a pregame on Thursdays at 1230. That's election day. I smell a chigaretness would pile up. I'll tell you that right now. That was probably a game originally scheduled for 730 in night. Why would they in the middle of the god damn heat of the summer when they're having this enormous heat wave all across the country? Oh, yeah, do you know that it was 88年 Atlanta? That that's how boring things are now. There's so little going on. They finally have most John John's body for every drop of blood that can get out of the ashes. And so now, oh, it's a heat wave. It's the 27th of July at hot. Wow. It's in the 90s some places. Wow. Isn't that something? It was like 102 in Vegas. Wow, it's usually like 115 at the time of the year in Vegas. And it makes it a big 10 is to 102. You people in the media, good luck to you. Okay, you'll need it. But why would they on the 29th of July out of nowhere play an afternoon game in Philadelphia? Huh? Yeah, to get that faggot off the year and hour and a half early so that we can't get everybody. I'm going to tell you, we may have to start to show early on Thursday and boot that morning show off at an hour and a half ahead of time. Which of course means all I'll have to do is they will even have to come in Thursday because in order to do that they'll have to just play all spots nonstop for the first two and a half hours. Yeah, six to eight thirty in a morning. It's all spots radio Thursday on the worst thing. Might be an improvement over some of that crap that beef was been pouring out. Some of that cornball garbage. You know what I'm talking about? Uh-huh. I'll bet. Yeah, we might have to come in eight thirty. But the problem being, I mean like 1232, that's when a lot of people are off the lunch hour. That's a good time to go vote on Thursday two or three times. And vote. No, no, no. Over and over again. Oh, so one of the way that damn Robert Steinbox, Steinbeck, whatever his name is in the Harold's. Oh, yeah. And I just see, and I understand why the brothers out there in the sifters and the mothers are getting into this yes bandwagon because they're so called leaders. The uncle Tom's in their midst like really Logan who never met a Republican he didn't like. All right, we infact just he didn't like. There are the ones that can be counting them into the scrap about. Oh, how great it's going to be. Don't get sucked in man. Let me tell you right now. Do not get sucked in by the uncle Tom's and believe there's going to be all these jobs. And how wonderful this is going to be. It was a disaster for you the first time they did it 20 years ago. It's going to be a bigger disaster now. Don't get sucked in. All you dark, complexed folks. bunch of bullcrack just recargists the Carl Huyesons column in Sunday's paper in the Harold. Just keep reading it over and over again or have somebody read it to you. But the idea that we're only going to be on here for like a half a show on Thursday on Election Day. I say it's a communist freaking plot is what I say. Who set that up? Yeah, who the hell was that? Now we really hate the Marlins. Okay. See, this is their way of paying back. This is payback now because I've been telling you what a crap organization it is and how to been school in the fans. And that's why only about seven or eight thousand people are really showing up for those games. And the reason by the way, it's about seven or eight thousand people because that happens to be the number of season tickets they had this year. And so that's the minimum number of people I would probably show up anyways about eight or nine thousand because those people already paid for their tickets and being cheap like most of the people on here are anyway, they're going to show up come have a high water. Oh, we already bought the tickets. We don't really care about making a statement because, you know, we don't we already paid. My chance to tell you why you're money back just like we hear a QA ended. Not that we can talk about those things on here. Those lawsuits can't we? Oh, that never less. We said we want to rebate and they said, no. And that's why we got lawsuits flying back and forth with the marlins because they're a little league team. They're a minor league team. And Thursday they're going to preempt the last hour and a half of this show. This is unacceptable is what it is. I say push that game back out of fairness. Is there any fairness in the society? No. No. Just like Pete Rose Alp who back in the days after JFK was killed and everybody's talking about that these days. The only sporting event that went on that weekend was the national freaking football league. Everybody else postponed. They canceled whatever. No other sporting events. The national hockey league. Everybody else said, okay, we won't play out of respect for the dead president. But the national football league, bigger of course than politics, bigger than life itself, they had to go on. So we know Dan well, it's something like Major League baseball and that boring bud ceiling that piece of crap. They're not going to move this game back because they're infringing on the most important radio show of my life this Thursday. Wouldn't you know it? Wouldn't you just know it that we get screwed? How we take it right deep inside back. There's another five grand here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? I'm the press. I got you man. Wow. Well, I'm in Fort Myers man. How do you think I feel? Oh yeah. Swish. I'm a little bit more. I feel better. I'm going here there and I'm not. But four years ago, Ron and Ron started on the right in Fort Myers and it all kind of hype and they went down like the Hindenburg. Really? What is he in? Fort Myers. Well, big time. Yeah. Were they ever any good because I was new a few times? No. No. I never. I mean, I did listen that much when we were on Zeta but when we were. Well, I was following them and I would see all I can tell you was dead like. It was like following four hours a dead air. It was even worse than following the first team. Oh, and that's quite a statement. That's a real kind of nation. Okay, I'll come over there with the dead person's ID and vote no one Thursday. Okay, thank you. You got to bring a whole busload. You got it. Thank you. And by the way, Norman Graham and we're going to try to work a deal out with him. Not only we're going to give you $700 perv no vote, but a free car with every no vote too. Okay. When I talk about any other like a free limo, would there be a no vote? We want to do it upright. Okay, we got 600 open lines here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60 on the AT. See when the important stuff comes along, that's when the lines go dead. The important stuff. Like this Marlon game on Thursday. Like us getting preemptive for now and I have so we can't do the most effective of a job and we have the greatest impact because all it's going to take. I know it sounds corny and always sounds corny about why you know just a couple of votes one way or the other. But in this particular case based on that last poll, where it was too close to call really 46 and 45 percent. It's the freaking truth especially when you know they're going to rig as many votes as dead people as they can. Anyway, so it's imperative that we get as many people out there to vote in fact, on Thursday. To avoid this. And let me say it again just in case you don't get the message once they impose a sales tax. I mean, you know, the local option gas tax, very few kinds of taxes get rolled back. That was one of them. Well, what's the increase to sales taxes that ever going to go away? No, never. Mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. That's a crocker shot. You know, I can't believe they would do that. And also that just happened, right? Yeah, I thought just I don't know where. Apparently they're playing a talk. I want to clock game on a Thursday in the middle of the summer. It's about 110 in the shade and full to help you. Yeah, that's that's ridiculous. I mean, they're already complaining about. It's open air stadium, no less. Wait, and, you know, they complain about how hot it is. It's whether one of the scoops of the games at night. And then all of a sudden, now there's a game this time. What did they schedule the election for that day? I'm in which we can. We don't have that much money to do. They might have said, let's take a look at the schedule. And let's have it on that Thursday because that loudmouth fags on here. He's the only one that's going to prevent us from putting this thing over. Let's make sure he's only on the air short time that day. You know, my my my my my father and mother came down here back in the 40s. May live in Miami and the best thing they ever did was move the broder county like 25 years ago. I got out of it. Hey Neil, I travel a lot throughout the state of drop of traffic trailer. And I listen to you. I was technically I've listened to you all my life. But Benington, the not Benington, the the wooden statue. He is, yeah. He's on in Tampa on thunder. 102. Well, one's on the crow and the other one's on thunder. He's over there in Tampa on some classic rock station and I'm flipping around and it still sounds so morbid. Yeah. So more, more is the word. He is a morbid son of God. Benington, at least with that little trophy boys. At least he puts a little bit of humor into it. But the guys is morbid is right. And I also have friends that just like would die for those people. I mean, they just thought they were the best. Hey, he's on one. What is it that was good about how was about their act was entertaining? I have no idea. I mean, I like turning a Macbeen when they were here. I mean, I don't know what that says about me. But yeah, I think you're the winner. You're the one. I say you're the one. Yeah, I'm the one. And in closing, Wayne, your douche bag. Okay, thanks, Ben. Thanks. Okay, Ted passed a lot. And by the way, Hermann McBeen, who of course then became American suds. Nobody repulses you more. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by T.L.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a fussy. Always talking about what he wants, just sit and then grow fat. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet your nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub of the guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride. Try and a holla, Ethnia. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no no no no no. No no no. Okay, I'm talking. This is no lasting matter. I'll figure that right now. And of course, I look at the schedule of Friday to see what would be the reason they would play a Thursday after New Year in Philadelphia. Maybe Friday they're flying out like to the west coast to play the giant to the others. I'm like, no, I'll fly into the plane so far away from Philadelphia all the way over there in Pittsburgh. They could walk from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh in about two hours. You know what I'm saying? They could hop in there limousines and drive over there from Philadelphia, West part of Pennsylvania to Pittsburgh. So it's not like there's any special reason why we got a day game on Thursday. I'd say congressional investigation into this is what we ought to have. Very bizarre. 567 0560 pound 560 every time we go into commercial brick on a show, we have 7 8 2500 calls waiting on a board and almost all of them disappear. As soon as they hear the hint of a spot, they're all vanished. Because the listeners of this radio station are being conditioned with the 9 and 12 and 13 and a brace on the other shows, which we don't have on a show, by the way, but nevertheless the people are conditioned to that. So they just they panic, they drop the phone and they scream out of the streets running and carrying out like maniacs. Here's Hylia, hello. New York. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Listen, first of all, no, no, no freaking no. No. And second, it's my birthday, so you can just like to be the sun just wants to be. No. Okay, well, thank you so much. Thank you so much, Neil. Don't forget to switch to Drake. Okay, he's a happy pal. Good morning. 567 0560, let's hear it for Ron and Ron. Come on, let's hear it for Ron and Ron and Ron. No. All their fan out there who are a bunch of cowards. We had the one guy that and he wasn't, he didn't sound like an enthusiastic supporter where he asked me. So I did pretty lukewarm at best and almost hostile at the face of the radio. 567 0560, what about sunny fox? Any sunny fox called me? No. And of course, the reason for that being that the crap kickers out there, listen that garbage he's playing on kiss. They don't listen to talk radio. They don't listen to this stuff. They're all in their pickup trucks out there. They don't pick up AM anyway. Where's it the other way around? Whoever heard of a pickup truck that doesn't have an AM radio. I know somebody that I don't want to mention to him, Kent, that has a new car that doesn't have an AM radio. How do you like that? So when my attorney doesn't know about the FCC proposed finds and when this company's local attorney also doesn't know about it, what does that tell you? Okay, because Greg Reed don't have time to worry about on important things like that about a potential $35 forpeter to the federal government when he's got to worry about the name QAM pickin' the new voice of the hurricane. There you go. That's the important stuff. Oh! And by the way Joe Costello also, not always you say that sunny fox is an asshole. I said, what about that Joseph Gackie? He's an asshole. What he said? He's an like poison. In fact, we gave Joe Costello, we gave him a steering standing and sitting ovation because when I was on vacation, the rumor was, because Hank and I were both on vacation at same week. Remember, I want to thanks to Rudy Vacations. And actually one day I come back and I find out that on one of those show, who filled in the other days, Manage? Oh, thank God for that, right? Yeah! Oh, thank God. America's greatest ex-Joc sportscaster, I want to go on record to say in that right now, America's greatest talk ex-Joc, Jim Manage. Yeah! But anyway, I guess he couldn't work on Wednesday. And so who fills in? Terracicactic. Oh my God. So Joe Costello was evidently running around building the Joseph Gackie. I have no personality imitation doing a great job of it. I understand. Really all you got to do is like get a dumb look on your face. Stretch your lips apart as far as the light that goes. Yeah! Okay, and that's Josie, you know? I mean, how can a man with no personality be the color man? Isn't that an oxy moron? What's that? It's the color man on the football? But thank God, I hope that they finalized this thing with his Mark Vanderbier, because I haven't heard of you yet, but I understand this guy is dynamite. And it's about time we had like a real sportscaster doing sports in his town as opposed to having, well, I shouldn't have said that, because now you're a best-closed personal friend of all, and setting him aside, I don't pass any evaluations on him, because I need those for you hockey to get spedily. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neon, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. You got a great show, man. I guess I didn't see you pretty much. I'm on the rules all the time. All right. But yeah, I swear I'm gonna ferocious with you on that Thursday. What a miracle I'm gonna put into the game, I don't swallow in the middle, right? Man, you're a loser. You know, I'm not a loser. We haven't had a day Marlon games since before Abe Lincoln was an infant. Okay, it's been my since the Marlon's played a day game. And all of a sudden, just coincidentally, here on a nowhere, we get a day game on a election day in Dave County. Well, that's the, Mr. Alex here for you. I say, let's bring back Jag Web and have an investigation. All right, I'm gonna blow out our Thursday, and I'm gonna make a thousand news. No, no, no. Excellent, keep it up, pal. No. Yeah, Mr. Alex, be that a, go to hell. And tell him the nose nose, okay, see ya. 560, 560, this is really, I'm serious. I'm not one of those conspiratorium-eyeded people, am I? Looking for a trigger under every wood pile? Looking for a trilateral commission member in every office? And by the way, I say, just need a body for president right now. Oh, that was step aside, baby. Time to move the big man in from Minnesota. He's my kind of guy. And then they give him a bunch, you know, it was great, because they hit him on, I think was MSNBC during my disparate channel surfing last night. And Brian Williams, who's one of the most insipid boring people, who asked the most stupid questions, he has him on there. And they show a clip, but when Jesse was doing the WWE WF thing, he had the big Elton John Shades on, the whole thing around the neck. And he says, I hate to break the news to you, Brian, but actually the voters have been assaulted, they took a poll after I did that thing. And I had a 73% approval rating, which is the highest in the history of Minnesota since they've been taken these polls. How do you like that? And then he finally gave that camera a look and said, hey, Brian, hop on this poll. Oh, can't see that, there's another, my plan. Another five grand. How about if your poll is, can you say poll and- No, no. How about that? Rec will answer. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Silo. Hey, I'm doing the good, sir. Amen, you Ray. Uh, I like you, I like you'll take on these full co- Ha ha ha, see, okay. I want to tell you something you asked holes up there at the FCC. This is the way real people talk and I got to keep bleeping these people and cut them off because he said, bull, okay, that you don't want to hear it. That's the way real people's been talking, okay? You jackasses, you annotated morons up there at the FCC. You see, one with anybody with a brain wouldn't think that any of the stuff would even be going down anymore with these idiotic fun because you think that there'd be a natural evolutionary process now all these years later after George Carl and WBRI and the Pacific of thing out there in a West Coast. We've got all these years, it's almost the 21st century and you think that anybody with a brain would realize that there's a natural evolution just like it used to be years ago and Jack Par was on the late show. You couldn't say water closet on TV. Now they're doing diarrhea and constipation spots and toilet paper spots and there's their wipple squeezing it, okay? And the toilet tissue too. So you think that maybe we'd like enough a little bit with this crap and oh no, not the federal government because they got to protect that children out there from all these words like you're a race, how do you like that? Oh my God. Yeah. And penis. 567560, palm 560 on the AT&T world slide. Ask George about Joseph Gackie. He said he's an asshole. Yeah. And don't tell that story again the one that you told me 500 times. You're getting the whatever tell you. Oh, about who Joe? About okay. Oh, wrong button. Thank you. Thank you. So you're going to mind me. Yeah, I'm going to rummage to your garbage. Okay, I got only knows what I'd find in there. I don't want to know. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hi, Neil. Mr. I'm sorry. I didn't bring this to your attention yesterday, but on page one of the Sun Sentinel. Yes, sir. They had an article about Joe. How are you? Yeah, I saw it. I referred to it. When he said about all the corruption, the only thing wrong, it keeps this from being a world-class city is all the corruption in government. And I said with all that corruption he's talking about, how could you trust the politicians to give them another penny sales tax? Well, that you read on the back page where the follow-up you know was that Joe Carl Royo. Yeah, Carl Royo. Carl Royo. Carl Royo. Within Chicago, with a youth. Yeah. And, uh, young Joe went to a Catholic school. I was mayor Richard Daily's favorite altar boy. He was all-fact in the church. Yeah. How do you like that? And, uh, uh, as for your being- Maybe that's where he learned the genuine flight. I'm telling you. And as for your being preempted on Thursday, yeah. What happened when the Marlins and the Panthers were on the same time? Yeah, let him put it over there on Watchy, 790, that's right. There he is. Put that stupid ball game over there. Let's take a vote. Everybody that wants to put the Marlins game on Watchy on Thursday. Let's go here from him. I, I agree. Because this is an important public service I'm going to do here on Thursday. I'm going to poop my guts out. Just try to get people off their ass to vote no on it. And protect even though I live in Broward County and it makes no difference to me. And I don't give a crap about those tools. Because other than go to the airport, I don't even have to go that way anyway. I can go up the guy that made 36 to the ball medal. It may, it has no impact on my life. But I've seen the people here get screwed over and over again by a bunch of corrupt lying politicians. I saw merits here. I'm doing 20 years ago. And I'm trying to do it again. And I don't want to, I don't want to see it happen again. And everybody that listen Broward County that has a relative in date County get on the phone and roll them up. No. Just keep how you hollering into the phone. No. No. No. Right. Tell Naina. No. Okay. Thank you. See you. Just say no. No. Who? Ball game 12 30 on Thursday, huh? I say we call up the FBI. Let's get that J. Edgar Hoover in here right away before it's too late. Call up Jack Webb. All these dead people get him in here. Call up Shylock Holmes. Get these backers in here. We need Columbus in here to keep his eye on it. We need a major goddamn investigation because we've got corruption is running ramp in here. We had to call yesterday if you missed the show. Woman calls in right off the bat about how somebody is already in out. Uh, told him that they're going to be able to pay a 30 bucks for a yes boat. Now again, I can't verify that. But she didn't sound like some kind of a quack. She sounded like some reasonable human being who didn't have any asked to grind. Oh, there you go. Another five grand. Can't say grind. How about Gumpen grind? Can you see that? No. You people that think you live in a free country. No more friction dancing. No more virginity and adult clubs in the Broward against a lot. Have a turgid package. Wait till a turgid police come along. So it's squeezing your box. Oh, there's another five grand. Yeah, to see if you're who's not a nice. See they anticipate going into a break and they're already popping off there. Pop this. Okay. What is flashing out good? It's great. Oh they're falling down. Oh주 Ah I feel sorry for Jim Leeland. Every time it's clear, it's got a joke. But leave me when I tell you, Now that bass ball team is a joke. Okay. Wait, I think I'm a bit... It can be in the major and cold. And you know, everything good thing you said is a lie. Wait, I think I'm a... He went and tried to pay you all. And it gets me. I'm with it. Just got... I had a child, I'm falling. Safety, need me. I'll brand new it. I'll walk you with a dog. Believe me when I tell you, So have to find another one. Oh yeah. Wait, my friend John and I like what's actually something in the copy of the facts is really bad. If you'd fact me the first page against, I can get all the load on. West Palmman admits sex abuse while Tennessee priest. Police can't charge the county health department worker because the molestations are a decade old. The kids weren't very old, but the charges are. A decade ago, this is Frank Richards. Two national police detectives came to the tidy pink bungalow in Flamingo Park in February. Bering dark burdens for him. We've got some horror stories they told him. As they resurrected his life in his bus Palmbeats living room. A decade ago he was known as Father Frank Richards, a Catholic priest in Nashville, the Rosen of the Church of the big and principal at Knoxville High School. During the three hour interview, Rogers told the horrible stories. Then it's all a lot of that at least facts machine suck. But in between the lines, Roger Richards sexually molested dozens of underage boys entrusted to his care. He was a pedophile priest. How do you like that, huh? Another one of those isolated incidents about. He's the fact in the church of pedophile priest. Getting those altered boys under knees. Or is it the other way around? 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Roger. I was waiting to see what kind of a tasteless I knew you'd do it. I knew you could do it. 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. What do you expect from Naples anyway, huh? Probably the beesleys. Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. You know, I don't today. Okay, sir. If you see the Metro date bus drivers are passing out pamphlets on their buses endorsing the assailment. Of course, what do you expect? But the inspector paid lackeys in the establishment. What do you think they're going to do? Amazing. I'm trying to do that, but I guess I'd be doing it too if it ensured me. My class of living is raised, right? Yeah, there we go. I'll do two of them in the face of size of the union. Yeah. But just tell you, maybe somebody could actually have a pamphlet. No, no, I'll pass. So, can I have seen enough propaganda to last the lifesaver? Oh, I need our two very easy letters. Oh, and oh. Thank you. Thanks for the bad news. Okay, we got 1600 Operlines. 1060, 1060, 1060, 1060, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pompano, hello. Yeah, Dale, I was looking into the reform party, but when Jesse Ventura was trying to say he's going to want to recruit low-wiker or a chance of the presidency, I got a little turned off, but I'm going with doll of Bill Bradley. Well, what do you mean you're going with him? What would I mean? He's not going anywhere. You don't think he has that? And the meal? No, he has no chance. He's got some money though. Let me, let me say it again. He has no chance, none, zero. How about he do that? How about just to get the democratic nation to get the democratic democratic... I'm talking about he has no chance, none, zero. Read my lips, none. Oh, you're stopping now. Well, I'm just telling you the way it is. He has no chance. Why do you think? Because they take you to a liberal? He is, he's just, what does he stand for? He's a pseudo intellectual who stands for nothing. He was once a basketball player. He may be a very bright guy, but he's extraordinarily in our ticket. He even makes Al Gorelick exciting. And I'm going to tell you that's all we would need is, you know, having people. This one is George W. Bush, Al Gore and Lowell Wiker. You talk about a snoozer man. Three people collectively with a personality of Joseph Gacky. I just want to know why George Bush is son. Is the tremendous front-liner in these probably you have the school player and vouchers. Couldn't possibly be because of that name, do you think? And have a great day. This guy is on a billbrettle. I think he's called me before it is billbrettle stuff. Get with it. Billbrettle's got no chance, okay? In addition to which are we having an election now? Oh, no. We're two days away from a very important thing. See, this is the problem that most people is. All they care about is presidential elections. That's all they care about. Which the next one last time I checked is almost a year and a half still away. And at the meantime, the stuff that really affects your life, the most, which is what's going on. Right here in this town in the state, that's like, eh, they don't care about those things. Which is why you got, which you've got, a pile of crap. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. I'm telling you, I thought, I'm... I'm... Zuckner. Did you hear about that alligator story in the mining beach? No. Well, it's this trainer that we're going to do a shoot on the mining beach and we're using this alligator that they got in somebody's backyard. Yeah. And it was all over the news yesterday that this alligator bit the trainer. Now, it was this thing was tied up in the back with trucks with Taylor on the map and the whole thing. Can't reach that data meet. Yeah. I'll tell you what, they didn't tell what that... This trainer was playing around with a teasing this alligator for quite a while. So, of course, when the alligator got the first chance to get loose from the tape, right, bit them in the leg. But they're going to put this alligator because now they call it a pass. They're going to put it out of their misery. Yeah. And I think that's totally unright. That's not right. So, in other words, you're concerned because they're going to put an alligator to sleep. Is that what you're concerned about? No. That's another kind of thing that disturbs you because they're going to put away an alligator. Yeah. Because it did something right. Should have bit of a leg off. Then now you're talking. That's right. You can eat but now you can talk. Thank you. Okay. Woo. This guy's... More because they're going to put an alligator to sleep. Call up Carl Heiss and I'll come to you right about at least a whole column mod. Maybe a whole week's worth on it. Because he wrote his one good column for this six month period on Sunday. So he'll be writing a bunch of Manatee and Geterol columns again. Yeah. Hugged the Everglades. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 21 before noon at QAM. We got Hank Ober back from vacationing in today at 2 o'clock in the studio. No less. Hank's going to be doing a big expose and all the fucking players in the NFL. Then at 6 o'clock we got talking baseball with Donnie B again. Who's got his 53rd birthday thing on today. Happy birthday, dude. Donnie. 55 years old today. He'll be on for a whole hour from 6 to 7. Oh. That should be pretty entertaining. Pretty game of 7 o'clock in another night game. Lucky you'd expect at this time if a little help you tonight. 730, the Marlins in the Phillies. On night game. Lucky you'd expect in the dog days of summer when it's 120 degrees in the shade of the day time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You want to greet the thing in your mouth? I got one right here in my hand. No, I can't light it, of course, because this is a non-smoking environment. We don't want to offend anybody in the building who gets very upset by cigar smoke. Do we? Oh, yeah. Screw him. He's frosty mad. Gaur is the boringest person that you'll ever be. Yeah. We can't take him anymore. No one's for boring, and vice-president outlaw. No such a face you'll express you in his healing life. If you stuck with him then one hour seems like fire. Yes. The story is the boringest person that you'll ever give. The story is the boringest person that you'll always be. Only once more wouldn't end him for no reason. But he'll come to life for Asian guys with lots of love. Longest of love. Your reason for being his knees out of all your hands. The story says he's out of all your hands. The boringest person that you'll ever give. We have to get to political expressivity of presidential election. Well over your way, the fact is for the guy to call before about the little wiker. What you don't understand is just even to rent anybody else realistic in the reform party. Realizes they're not going to win the next presidential election. And it can happen for a long time. But if they're going to want to candidate on a national level, it's got to be somebody who's got name recognition number one. Who's got some credibility number two. Number three who's not an extremist either way. And so they can at least make a good showing. He doesn't believe that the lower wikers going to win the election. Of course he's not. It'll be the election after that when Jesse himself runs. Oh, devil all over him. You'll see mark my words. Mark it down right now like Wayne said like Baldi said. You can mark it down right now. July 27, 1999. Fats are one or two. You told us Jesse Ventura will be present this country someday soon. Not just because he was an ex-restler. That's just because he's like an orthodox and got a big mouth. But because he stands for the good stuff like letting people live their lives. Like letting maybe you grow like 30 or 40 plants in your backyard. There you go. That's one of those things. All of the. Yeah, separation of freaking church and state. So that all you religious nuts out there. All of these things are going to be out of business. Out of business. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, more good news. Okay. Another setback. A portion law on miners ruled invalid. Where's that invalid from talent. Have you ever wondered how come invalid and invalid are supposed to same way? Have you ever wondered that? Oh, Star wondering about it. Florida cannot require that a girl's parents be notified before a doctor performs an abortion. A circuit legend Lee on county ruled Monday. Florida right to life called Mondays in junction. A temporary setback and a state will appeal the ruling. Well, too bad. Too bad because they're going to continue losing because it says it's the fourth time in 12 years that state and federal courts have barred Florida from limiting access to abortions. Judges citing a rare privacy amendment for the state constitution that protects women against government intrusion in their lives. And that's what people want Governor Boots. They want all people want protection from government intrusion into our goddamn lives and into women's uteruses. Can I say that on the air? Oh, there's another fine. How do you like that? Uterus. I said it again. And grand. Crazy bastards. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Oh, and this button just reviewed. That's an explanation for why they played the game in Philly. Yes. About 10 years ago, Philly's always played like 100% night games. And I guess a lot of businessmen complain. So what they did about 10 years ago, they tried one businessman special like it's 1230. And they sold out the place. Really? So now they do about three or four a year. Well, they sure is how picked out how long they did do it. I'll take it then. Well, it's probably figured out before the season. Sure, Mark. At the time of the time, it sounds good to say it's a conspiracy then. Yeah. And the other thing you were talking about, like a couple weeks ago about the way. And pretty calis thing of them to do is Harry would say. I'm sorry. I said it sucks. But anyway. Okay. Well, that's the answer. I said Harry calis sucks. Oh, Harry calis is good. Oh, he's horrible. You remember, if I remember, I'm so. Yeah, even more boring here. By room son and Harry calis to the Al Gore and low life or a baseball broadcast. Where Richie Ashburn said, Yeah, he died. Yeah. Yeah. I think it was all those bad silly seasons that killed him. Well, he's still living there the ballpark. He's like hanging out there. He never wanted to quit. They were going to fire him and then he died. But, uh, well, anyway. And how much pressure did he get? Did he get press like John John when he died? You bet yours weed as he didn't. Well, they had his death. They, they, they, they made something up. And so he would not like it. He got about five minutes and that was it. Yeah, Dell and it's with another big hero mind. Dell, Amy said it. He'll write. Never Dell, Amy. No, I remember that smokey purchase. Who was for you guys on those 15 team? Any, uh, who didn't he Robert? How about any weakest? Remember him? He got shot. And he was kind of like, they moved him. They've been moved into the natural kind of like, Facebook and that's the work. Robin Roberts Jim and Rodney. Like, golyad. Kurt Simmons. I mean, he cut his toe off in a lawn though. Actually, I'm ready for the 50 series. Right. And he missed it out for your four weeks and then he, uh, And enrich he asked for him played on that team. Ashford was in center. And it's in right. Mcsister. Mcsister, right. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Mcsister. Well, he was on top of the weather. Claypu, he was on entry from the smoke power radio. He's made the whistle. That was, he climbed it down with bread and football and put the DF into the Earth, could you please sit down to even start then. Some lost track today. I was left asleep for days for, and I might be able to stay still a little bit longer. Can you stand for me after half an afternoon? Yes. C. The north slope left. He opened the door and looked a bit taller, but the 174 board slippery one fell loose or what? Like, could just invent it. Not to be, just imagine. Could just do. of the people on here that grab anything five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line oh my god del A.S. is dead I'd like that all I've got the aspirin to and like that thing friend grimoire this morning which I noticed nobody saw that about judge Frank Johnson I didn't know who to help Frank Johnson was and I read this article in about what a great federal judge he was and how grudsy was resisting the racism of George Wallace and he can he gets nothing he gets like I'd like an afterthought like an after birth nothing zippity do da and it says in the last paragraph of our grimoire's column this morning and the heralds has john Kennedy as much as anyone would have understood the absurdity of the contrast between page one and page four b last year Kennedy wrote of the deaths of two similarly notable figures how many people remember every detail of Diana's death he wrote but virtually nothing of mother Teresa's how do you like that and how many times have I said that would you like that wrinkle up old bitch or not mother Teresa she died on the same weekend like two days after Diana's car crash two days later and they slept around there in india and that whatever they call that they want in a rich star something wasn't much of their four two women's funny fox were there and you know you think you have a little bit of respect you go to india to a foreign country take that smelly old cap off Rick won't you know damn it they said that the rich show is a little rookie ticket he's what he said was kind of like teetering they thought they were going to lose the body like the eye of tole fell out that time nevertheless months and months about Diana and books and and TV specials and airbic kind of emotional hysteria because the world is a wash in celebrity bull crap that's the problem of the world like this ricky martin crap I'm serious pretty soon they're going to have a report on the flavors of ricky martin's farce that's going to be next yeah I'm telling you probably MTV you'll have like a whole half hour special on that every week the probably preempt to time green show which is a visual on television the preempt that with ricky martin's yes yeah given the gas that's what I say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it let me say it again for whoever was called yesterday about ricky martin being by sexual the only thing I can say that is yeah and like I said let me let me clarify one thing he said across from some chicken a bus once in his life not next work because he wouldn't even think about sitting next to a female he said across from some young lady on a bus that's as close as he ever got having sex with a female here's Cooper City hello okay thank you great and next time try talking to that thing with a whole dinner okay so we can understand what you're a mumblet about pretty weak material and you can't even hear it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in high liah hello hey new our first lady of the day yes hi I just turn 18 on not just but in December right and I haven't gone to vote for anything yet right but when I heard they are like I would I heard about that I also pissed off and fired up okay now I'm driving my mother down down Thursday and we're both gonna vote no no no a thousand times no right excellent all right and I can't believe it it's the biggest loaded crops until last Marlon's game okay right big-ass load of crap since they had the elephants at the sunrise musical play right right and when this bill you know magically passes all right it's going be the biggest cover ups on the Brethol goal was allowed. Right, that's right. I mean, I swear it's ridiculous. Nice going sweet. Oh, the dots on you, okay? Early and often. Yeah. OK. There you go. There's the only 18 years old. Just turned 18. She knows about Brethol. He knows about corruption and local politics. He knows that the word is the word of the day. Oh, no. We're not talking about that. We're not being negative, but just be positive about being negative this one time. Just this one time. OK. Is that QUE or CHE, huh? From my Italian friends out there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. You, yes, sir. Are you doing great? Great. Let me ask the questions. Who's subsidizing these flyers at the butt drivers keep handing out? Who's subsidizing them? You have tax dollars at work, no, now, sir. And probably, of course, all those construction people. That's like the article by Carl Heisen said, that's why the mayor of penis had no problem coming up with a quick million dollars to flood the TV stations with all those ads because all these construction people are pouring money to that one side of the campaign so they can get these the big jobs to make billions off of it. So how come last time I went to a toll? I don't get a flyer for there. Well, they were given them through a few weeks ago when they wanted to throw traffic down real well. Then we're doing that, too. I think I'll lose their jobs as the passes. Who? The toll people? They'll just take a couple of months off, they'll start building all the other toll roads. Okay. Don't worry about that. All right, you have a nice thing. And back to you, you just saying no, pal. Oh, yeah, they've got all the little games that they're playing, try to manipulate the public, try to be real cute, real swap. Maybe this one time, just this one time, I'll discover that the people this time have been screwed too many times. Okay. They wouldn't trust them from here to the goddamn wall. And then it includes you too, Mayor penis. We remember very, very vividly the way you got in there, the way you sucked your way with that phony lia about Mickey Harrison and the American Airlines freaking arena. Turned around in the minutes, you weren't in office long enough to get the goddamn seat warm. And right away, all of a sudden, I don't know where, hey, look at this great deal. I just made with Mickey. You split the county to Mickey. That's what you did. You phony little spick. You split them to Mickey. Not a cone. 560, 560, 560, pong, 560 on the 18T wireless line. But that's not a really impassioned. I love the way I said that. But it cone. Now, was he talking about Ricky Martin or the mayor? I think he really anti-my PA And that's not important. What's going on with me first? I mean, she said you drop your massage on a pussy toe. The music is like the 12th of the year old at Seenie Box when he fell in the front of the glass. They're from the stage. Short, easy star, but don't hear what he are in. If you think him to tell his that's okay. The music is always the same. The music is always the same. All right, you make the mark. He might just lose a lot of time. You're gonna just miss getting started. Only do it be Martin. I'm not telling you, you really love the man. He's from your soul. Yes, it's ours. Only do it be Martin. I don't care. I'm not saying anything. You're gonna begin with starting. Only do it be Martin. I'm not just losing from where he's at all. All right. I'm almost to a 5.50 WCM. So this continues to be very mysterious because we just had a call for my group post. Best personal friend Mike Winnery. He was talking about this penny sales tax. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. And he said you better check out Howard timers call him on page 7 a.m. And he heard this morning, which I open up my hair. Thanks a lot, Mike. But I open up my hair, which I get the broward edition. Is the article in there? Oh, no. Here's something by Senator Jesse Helms, which basically want a puke. Here's something about Columbia and their stupid war. Here's something about education. And here's something from that the right wing piece of crap. William Sapphire. Is Howard timers article even in here in my paper? Oh, so somebody's been after facted to me if they got the data edition of the year old on page 7 a.m. Because evidently it's about this sales tax because Howard's another one of us who's been here long enough to remember the first go around. I can't wait to see it. So thanks, Mike. But now I got away for a facts. And our facts number is area code 305. 650. Oh, 198. Oh, 198. Okay. 560. 560. 560 on a mobile one line. 400 open lines. Wait, Nani. Here's a mobile in four lot of deal. Hello. Hi, Neil. You're a quick, uh, porca report to Flomingo in 595. Yeah. There's like seven or eight troopers out there just pulling people over. Left and right. Great. Ridiculous. Speaking of our government intrusion in your life. Yes. Um. Would I get 5,000 if I call those guys a bunch of walking penises? Yeah. And if I'm plural, I think you're up to 15 grand already. I am one penis is 5,000 when you say plural. It's like, uh, they're pick any number they want. So, so seven troopers. It just cost me 35 grand. You're right. In fact, even with us now, right. Congratulations. You're right up there with us. All right. Hey, that's Michael. Okay. Just in, uh, thinking about it. How about that song? The uses of the app word? Yeah. Could you play it just to get the FCC going? I'll think about it. Have a great day. Yeah. Yeah. Now, we're going to continue doing our show. We're not going to win pot here for anybody. Do we have it? Do we have a data? Oh, we do have it. Thank you. By the way, before we get into that, speaking of the FCC, we got a story here. Thanks to our friend, Casino Stan and once in a while, besides this, can see a casino hysteria. Send us some good stuff about the trout molesting priest and other things. For example, X Clarek, a former church of Christ Minister, was sentenced to 15 years in federal prison on Tuesday. For torturing or analyzing four Mormon churches, including the one where his ex lover was the organist. and she played the organ in Albuquerque, New Mexico. How do you like that? Who would say that? No. But the good story. Thank you so much. The good story, which somehow we had missed this. It's about, look at this. The guy's name was Crat. Crat. Yeah. A black police officer fired from the... And wait till he hears his superior's name. This is a true story. A black police officer fired from the Miami Beach Police Department in 1996 was awarded 150 grand last Thursday by a US District Court jury that agreed that his termination had more to do with the race than job performance. Walter 39 of Hollywood said he was systematically harassed, scrutinized and criticized by his superior's because he was outspoken about racial issues. I bet he knew his club though. And his attorney, Nicholas Mann Zini. I wonder if he's related to Barzini. Nicholas Mann Zini successfully argued that his client was treated differently because of his race. Specifically, Mann Zini pointed the incident that led the Crat's termination. September 4th, 1996, Crat was reprimanded by... I'm getting so excited about reading this. He was reprimanded by then Sergeant Michael Puts for leaving his assigned post without permission. That's PUT's. PUT's. How do you like that? Crat said Puts was loud, rude to be rated them. And then criminally better than with a violent, open-ended slap. Puts could not be reached for comments. What a PUT's. Huh? How do you like that? We got... PUT's. What a great law for him that would be, huh? Oh, they're probably going to deal with the SEC, no one in these Washington attorneys. We're going to hire a crap in PUT's. Woo! So anyway, here's Howard Kleinberg's thing, and based on Michael Neri, who's a man of impeccable taste. Don't bait and switch with transit campaign pitch. Leave it to a good buddy like Howard Kleinberg, who knows his hockey, and knows his crooked politicians. It says it was one of those earlier casino referendums. I can't remember which, but what enslaimed me about it was the anti-Cocino campaign brochure that illustrated on the cover people being stabbed, shot, garranted, mugged, and otherwise brutalized, the influence being that if you ever went into the favor of Casinos, violent crime would sweep my enemy. The vote went against Casinos, and as a result, there is no crime in my enemy. No shootings, no mugging, no knifeings, oh well. The art of political campaigning is a murky one. This has perhaps always will be what upsets me most about. This is that good people struggling for good issues often so to start their campaign. They turn voters the other way. The transit tax issue is a good example. So skewed has been so much of this campaign that even though I'm a strong supporter of mass transit, it's his hour, I'm tempted to vote against the Thursday. Do what Howard just say, no, please. No. You and the Gantzimish Baja. No. He says, here's why my mailbox has been stuffed with campaign literature. The mail to me supposedly from a good number of cultural organizations, most of which are either donate to or may do Spain and Baroque. When you look at the fine print, it says the presentation is paid for and approved by the transit not-tools committee, the folks in favor of the transit tax. What do these mailers tell me? How about this? The cover of this one. Vote yes in the July 29th, special election on transportation and your arts and cultural organizations will gain $7 million every year. On the back at warrants, if the transportation tax fails, we will lose this once in a lifetime opportunity to gain public funding for arts and culture. The right hand inside facing page does talk about traffic with lock, but the left hand inside page also gets into money for culture. Clearly, the thrust of the brochure is not for about the election really is about, but something that locks the fee off a transit victory or looks to locks to what it should do. Another mailer also paid for transit not-tools, but featuring photos of cultural institutions as in its cover. Finally, real public support for arts and culture if we vote yes on July 29th. And he goes out about the one from the Museum of Science and from the Fairchild Proper Garden, etc. And so on. As we struggle with a real issue of a dollar need for transportation, it turns out that there is an existing county transit subsidy of $13 million a year. But if the transit tax passes, much of that $13 million, it will be diverted to other uses, including daycare and health care scholarships, tourism promotion, library books and that money for the cultural institutions. This resembles the Florida lottery where the proceeds were supposed to be additional dollars for our schools. However, the state legislature sees the opportunity to leave much of the funding to the lottery and spend what used to go to schools and other projects. I believe in supporting arts and culture and many of the social programs in Miami-Data would gain financially from a pro transit victory, but that is not the issue before us. It's a smoke screen, more like a bribe. Get your folks to vote for us and we'll give you this. What we're voting for on Thursday is a penny sales tax for transportation and wondering why that $13 million in addition to the new tax still can't be used to get us out of gridlock. If Miami-Data doesn't need help to unravel our huge transportation boom duggle, then how about giving it back as covered climbberg? How do you like that? If he says he's teetering on voting, no, do it Howard. No, you got enough brains, you got enough comments and just say go to the liars to bull crap artists. We've been through it before, sweetheart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look at this, boy, time is just flying along here, zooming along. Name, when you have it a good time. What's that? What is that? What do I want that for? Not just already do sunny, just put it away. Okay, put it back in your pants and come down. Maniac. You can load out a control here just because Brad said he's going to give a free lunch today. Or maybe you get into free lunches because I'm here, okay? The free lunch guy is here, that's the reason everybody's getting free lunch. The champion snore of all times is here, yours truly. Also known as... Oh, good. Alright, guys, fucking bow! Feeling sexy. Feeling kinky. Feeling old. Been coming to Frederick's of Hollywood. Florida. Retired and havened to the elderly. So you wear a plastic hair bonnet when it's sunny out. And a fur coat during the summer. Big deal. That doesn't mean you can't tell them some crotchless panties in a barbed wire brush. And I... What? Honey, look at these rubber founties. You're doing a great indeed. No grandma, check out this G string and see through all their top combination. Oh, that is nice, dear. I can see myself really getting into that little number. Tent you? Bring the husband, bring your family, bring your bed nurse. And come into Frederick's of Hollywood. Florida. Look for one in the retirement committee near you. Oh, I'm in shock. You really slip. Not only is your memory fading, but I'm looking up at the counter. And last Friday was Shannon's birthday. It's right there in the counter. Last Monday was Volk's birthday. We're going to be pretty happy 40 at third. He's almost as old as Donnie B. And last Friday was Shannon's 23rd birthday. And I totally forgot to stop my mind. I'm sure you must have given her something on her birthday. You said happy birthday to her on Thursday. Can we say on the air? What you gave there for a birthday? Is it bigger than a bread box? I gave her an IOU. You as in you the rest. Oh, well, five grand more. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. So how are climate points out as everybody should realize? See, if this thing were legitimate, if it would stand out at zone, they wouldn't have to throw a bone to everybody in town. If I you, the arts, Jack Horkeheimer, all these other silly people, they wouldn't have to be promising something for everybody. If this thing could possibly stand out on his own merits. And if this is additional 15.6% increase in your sales tax and date county, reading was what it's supposed to be for transfer of fricking patient. I almost set it by the way. Instead of fricking, I almost said, Krappin. How about that Krappin putts, huh? Oh, here's a mobile in the ranger, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if I crap in puts. I read it too. Listen, I worked for the county, I'm a unit officer. I just want to say about the pinnage sales tax, the pressure we've been getting. Yeah. Three contracts coming up. Airport, fire, police. They're saying, okay, you've worked for it. Would you be more money or this kind of stuff? Yeah. And the president, you need to, you know, I remember, I remember, I've got a pay for it. He says, yeah, I got to put it on my. Yeah. I'm a director. And so that's what I'm saying, the guy who's going to go around. If we upon this money for the human, you're talking to now. That's all the pressure's coming to us. Well, Tommy, I don't know. Yes, it's just going there and vote no, they'll never know. Yeah. Just say, don't blame me, we voted yes. Hey, I still, I'm out here. I've worked on how to supervise all stupid supervised suits. They both are paying to sales tax. Yeah, get out of here. Amen. All right. Okay, just do it, pal. Everybody just, just lie. Okay, the politicians are famous for doing it. So don't blame me. We all voted yes. Just go in there and vote no like a maniac. Okay, just keep punching that thing until it's got a big oozing hole in it. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the mobile one line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. You're the best. Yes, sir. Yeah. I've been out there for 35 years. Yes. Let me tell you something. When the mob was here, things were a lot better. That's right. Let's go back to God damn, man. Remember when we had the casino things and power talks about that with the gambling. How are the mob become, and it's like the mob hasn't been here all along. If they would let the mob run the county instead of mayor penis. And they'd like to mop your people. That's right. We'd have a place in a starting place. Right. What kind of beach the beach was beautiful. Right. And what's Carter, let's see, jelly, jelly, cupid tea. Right. That's right. What's the pot? Like your, that's right. They got any backbone, which they don't. Right. They go back to Cuba and take their country back. That's right. They get a whole of Santa's traffic hat. He's nephew and they go over there and do a number. And another. The small wilder. He is the biggest asshole you ever met. Yeah. That was your kind of gossip. This guy caught the state tax in Connecticut. Yeah. Seven out of ten people that wanted to kill this son of a, you know, what? This, yeah. But another five grand. Anyway, I had your cash dollar way. Think about a little like you said. These are the asshole. He was right. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Thanks. It's back. You want to think about your cash. You, you just, we, we have a standing thing. What do you think about, we don't even mention that. What do you think about. He says, he's an asshole. Yeah. Just throw in the blank. Much of a name and just go in a full book. Any name you want to pick and you're an asshole. How about putting on my, all of a sudden. That's what thing. Oh, man. He goes nuts when he hears that. Just the name sends him into orbit. His allergy started acting up even if he just read the words. Five, six, seven, all five, 60. I mean, what kind of a thing is that anyway, you know? What kind of a logo is that? Oh, 100. 100. Why would anybody in the right mind? Why would anybody over the age of 10 be listening that crap in the first place? Okay. But I'm really proud of all my friend. I felt already a broadcasters in his town like Fuddy and Paul Casternop, a ball's over there sucking around. You know, it's not bad enough. You're ripping off everybody else's material like Fuddy mind. We'll, uh, we don't be grudge at that. But don't be another one of these political shields. Yeah. Well, why do people like that? Those are the kind of shows that they go on politically astute people like Paul Casternop. Oh, who's pudding? Oh, yeah. That political rocket scientist, who's over there playing the bubble gum records for nine year olds. Five, six, seven, all five, 60. Pond, five, 60. They don't play Britney Spears on there. She's a little too mature for listeners of why, what 100? I don't want to say why would her jaw break out again in the hives. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. A long time first time. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Um, Hannibal's back. He's got a new book out. Yeah, we know. That's old news. Oh, sorry. And Diane, I think it went a bit either. Sorry. I said the King George has a bad speech defect. Yes, I was me. Uh-huh. Um, I know. I'm changing the subject. You remember that, sir? I like Laura, you come out with? Sure. I can ask you a question, sir. What language are you speaking? Single, shall we? Could have fooled me. Oh, no, it's couple. Yeah. I thought that was what I thought. And then there's another five grand. Oh, Jesus, would you stop saying those things? I think so. I'll let you one to the track. Yeah. That George. That George. No, that George. No, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, that's that I like Laura. Can you? Is there a law that can overwrite the condo law? Listen, let me tell you, take a brief first-year course. And when you start, when you learn to speak the language, call me back. Okay? My copy friend. I think that's what kind of affected her speech patterns. They had a kingway to her lip. George the sixth. And I think that's what I think that's what kind of effect it is. They had a kingway to her lip. George the sixth. And now we got these cocky. I think, well, I'm going to make, let me go on at Virginia Lannick. It's a good airline. We thank my good friend, Wertchut over there. He's taking very good care of me. But you know something? The steuzy flight attendance is very nice on here. Well, it's probably a major. It could be any of the missiles. Yeah, what are you talking about? I have better luck on Martin's scare when I got in Dutch us. The steuys on there. You know, I stood up. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say. They're going to be a big stand-up with elders. And not a valid. Not a valid. Good-bye. Get out of my face. Take that sea wolf and see best. Get it out of here already. But Virgin Atlantic with these British would be constipated. Brifts. They're emotionally constipated. They're mentally constipated. And they can't speak the language they invented. Other than that, they're great. And they're pasty looking ugly. But other than that, they're dynamite. And of course, they're food sucks. But other than that. So come here again, okay? And tell him, oh. And put away that spotted dick. Oh, there we go again. And grant for that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Deal. Yes, sir. I'm called here as a red for Sue. There's a little fly that giving out. I'm an ointker for the county. Yeah. And I'll let you check the tax a little flyer telling us that. What a great thing that penny tax is going to be. And if we didn't vote for it, we would they would put our blood in the department. You know, you don't vote for vote for you. You're going to burden hell. I'm sure that. I'm voting for for sure. You know, maybe a major thing that you lick a Ricky Marges thing a local. I didn't get the hell out of the county. The middle soul safe. Another thing is the transit is to go to Vegas. You've been out there when they have three bus rides for all day long for transit. No, the biggest. Maybe gambling. That's all the problem. When you're in your great. Okay, see. Dean, but I understand. I think he was taken up with a British guy right there. You know what I'm talking about? And I understand what he was saying too. But he's a good guy. He's got a vote several times on Thursday. No. That's stupid. Marlon game. It's coming up with a pregame of 12 30 on Thursday. Well, that's a real. I mean, a slap in the face of all, you know, you're any of the day near. I say great. We'll take the extra hour and a half off any day of my life. But not this Thursday. The one day I'm dying to work from 10 to two and they screw us up. Nice goal in here, Marlon. You guys really suck. If you think I've been ripping a hell out of the Marlon's up until now, just wait. And don't tell me they got no control over it. They got control. They have something to say about it. They should have just said, no, the fillings is what they should have said. Just say, for that, the Mushmoth Terry Callos who could put you into a coma and treat by the bottom of the first inning. There's a long, fly ball. Oh, no. Spacic, Harry Callos, who thinks by the way that he's like, you know, got a little bit of that tone of John Forcent in his voice. So the NFL hired him to do that stuff. Have to jump. You couldn't lick John forcent. Is ass. Okay, Harry. Is a long, long. Yeah, yeah, spastic. What is that? Sportscasters who have spas out, you know? Oh, don't say that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. And by the way, all that stuff in Barry Jackass's column this morning about poor Dave Le Mans. You're a good guy, Dave, you're a friend. I like you, you're a hell of a good guy. But that's screaming you did on you and football. That's what got you out of the pitcher. Out. History. So you can win and the belly, it called you on about the wonderful job you did. Plus the fact that it was because you couldn't control your bodily functions and we're farting up a store. Yeah, he did color on you and baseball with me that one year. Remember that? Anybody? Of course not. About 100 years ago. Get to be about the middle of the forethening in my eyes kept tearing up. I thought, boy, they're sure a work in heavy overtime on a killbossed on it. It wasn't a killboss that was Lamont. Putting the cheese. Big time over. Over again. Couldn't control himself. Now, this guy from Massachusetts we understand. I wonder if he ever knew the Kennedy's. Uh-huh. That's probably why he got in. That's why he got the job. He's from the state where the Kennedy's are from. Don't mess with those people. Let's do a mobile in Fort Latterdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, you'd fucking got the tax in Dave County. That's particularly sucks. But if you look at the front page that you say today, because it articles says the states can't spend the money fast enough. They have $33 billion in surpluses that involved about 35 states. So they determined at the end of the article that they need to spend the money faster. Yeah. And that was that one caught my eye because that's what we need is guys in government to spend their money. Right. They're going to bring in Renfield. There's other going to do from the Dracula Motor Pastor. Pastor, they're going to do that. You know. I need that job. Let me be the designated spend. For that was a guy from, uh, from, uh, reformatted. They're all same thing. He was the same boy. The other thing that's gone on there, George. Yes. We see, um, power, shoe him to take the resign. Yeah. We changed their mind. It's all sorry. You didn't change your mind. Oops. Nice one. It makes you leave baseball for once. They got it right. Get it. When it's out, get them out. Oh, check. Have a great day. Yeah. We quit. Oh, no. We changed your mind. No, you didn't have a nice life. Fakers, bunch of blind fakers. 560, 550, 550, 150. I'm a woman. You're right. It was me for madness. Pastic. Pastic. Pastic. Let me tell you what. Pastic. There was the same money. Holy cow. Aaron's coming. Why do I just went waiting for the power? It's better really. The other man, this was the thing. The Jackie double. He's hoping to put it in. Why Tuesday? We don't die. And our computer took my eyes. Why Tuesday? We don't die. Everybody's gonna die. People will panic when birds are behind it. I'm not gonna see. Is that something for the world? It's too early. We just see and still go for it. And see the market. Ratchet and a game. I'm just a little bit in the unknown. I'm just a little bit in the world. Puffer to be 25, 550, 550, come. George must have taken me seriously. He's calling Brad over to Tony's for lunch again. But we just had lunch from them three yesterday. They're gonna start getting really upset. Especially since certain other people around here are trying to use money. For only $13. My name is worth a hell of a lot more than $13. I'll say that. I'll say like $13.50 would be good. Now, so because you got a smile on your post like, are you kidding us? We're gonna send you free food again. I would just talk about J.P. And about the 20 minute suck job he made over there yesterday. Calling a apologizing and sucking up. I mean, I'm believable. I always wondered whose voice that was. I thought it was our old buddy that called and said that. If I could have refined his damn thing, what else is it? You know the one I'm talking about that said. And I'll put it stuck. Yeah, that wasn't that guy we thought. It was a was Bradson at the J.P. on the phone yesterday after the first 45 minutes of apology. And I'll put it stuck. Yeah. Are you gonna be seeing him in the front row? You're gonna be seeing him. Yeah, I'll be sitting right next to you. I like I love yesterday that that that that that that that he's in fact he was like Renfield Junior. That one yesterday. You're gonna be seeing him in the front row and that fan show. Yeah, I'm in the front row and a fan show. What's wrong with that? Sounds like the beginning of a great book of Brian. But okay, we got 600 open lines here. I realized we can't get to you immediately. If not sooner, but that's too bad. Do we really care? No. You got something worthwhile fine. Hang on a couple minutes. If not too bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. We didn't have one lady in the day. In fact, no, I think we had maybe two, but that one very, very nice young lady. 18 years old. How do you like that? That's for this year when 18 year old. I bet that book comes out tomorrow. We got at least a one share. And it's coming out early. And the first part of the show. All the other people are work radio in this market. You know what that means when a book comes out. You all began to run a listening to this. Yeah. I'm the only one who will give it a straight poop on those numbers. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, no. How are you? Great. I don't know if you saw the article for Robert Steinbeck and the hairless morning. Yes, sir. I made mention that again. Another black guy. Another uncle Tom. Try to lead his brother's home. Okay. Yeah, I just turned in about a few minutes ago. Yeah. It was unbelievable. I mean, the guy doesn't have a clue. Unbelievable. Yeah. You know, the guy's paying the credit. He believes that I'm again this coming. And none of us ever have a plan except the politicians here. Right. Right. Just like the original material. Just like that. They live in mile billion dollar boom. Yeah. The only the only other thing that he failed to mention in other cities where they do have a lot of money. I mean, like take Chicago. It's a real run. Runs right down the center of the freeway. So while you're inching along, you look at the train. Right. That's right. That's right. Hey, I'm going to take the train. But you don't think on like most other cities like in New York where you got man had an in Chicago where you've got the loop. Most other major cities have got a downtown where people go. Nobody here goes downtown. This is too much of a spread out enormous area. Where are you going to go? The metro rail goes to anywhere. Where are you going to go? Once you get off, what are you going to do then? How are you going to go anywhere on foot for more than two minutes? Unless you worked on, how much it already goes there? Right. Yeah. The guys that he just doesn't understand. The specific they're falling over each other at the airport to push this attack. Yeah. But Carl Heisen had the best column of the mall right in the air of the air yesterday. So I think he's got more crowd of credibility. Right. I heard you're saying that. All right. Just wanted to call and you do a great job. Yes. Thank you. And we'll be doing a great job on Election Day this Thursday for two and a half hours to the day for some stupid pre-game show for some even more stupid ballgame that means nothing to the Marlins or any of us unless you're a Philly's fan. 1600 open lines, 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. Sound like me. Yeah. Sounds like me. Listen. I just want to say I can't vote down there in a day count. I'm just changing name just to get a fight in the name of an old dead guy. And that is the same thing. Because I don't know in a horror game. Me too. I've got to come back down here in the vote 1415 times each hour. Yeah. Yeah. I would do. But would he better he's kind of cute. What? Don't you think he's kind of cute? Who's that? Venus. When you're penis. No. Yeah. You got to think for him. No. I don't think he's cute at all. But if you got a thing for him, come on down and check out his agenda. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in my any. Hello. Hey. What's shaking man? Yes sir. Hey. What was up with that guy? He was a cute, unique, a tonelous guy man. That guy's a creep. We got a thing in a, I used to go FIU. I guess you got a gop must to go out and ran away. You're going to. That, that. We used to go to FIU and they sent us a flyer for, for telling us like, that we should go. Yeah. That's right. If I use going to get money jack. Yeah. I'm just going to get money. Everybody in the brothers going to get money. If there's going to be any money left over for transportation, we're really not sure. But if the old people are going to get money, the young people are going to get money. The dark, complexed people are going to get money. They have Hispanic people. They're going to get everybody's got something in this deal. I don't understand what, where the, where the logic is spending $500 a year more in taxes could be the 50 cent whole a day. That's right. That's right. We're taking a week and nothing's driving back and forth. Just spend all your whole day driving back and forth across that thing and not go anywhere to get up to that 500 bucks. Without a doubt. Okay. All right. That's out. Brilliant often. All right. Okay. 20, 800 open lines is getting worse by the minute here. 5, 6, and in fact, you know something I'm beginning to realize. We ought to have a Marlon game every day with a pre game in 1230. 2,5 hours is plenty for these bastards. You're out of material already. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My mom. I'm not going to get you. My family. I'm going to get my extra re-re-re-re. You only have one reason. I'm going to get four. All right. The four. No. You only have one. Just daddy the four. No. He has two re-re-re. No fun. He only has one. Oh, he needs. Mommy. No. He has two. Two. Yeah. No one is being with. Great. Big one. He brushes the baby's sugar state. 1242 at 560 WQM 560 50560. Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Jim and it's no not Jim and it's Hank Over's back today. See how soon they forget. Hank will be back at 2 and then we got to Donnie be talking that really exciting baseball at 6. And a big Marlon game. And a police. Here's a lady mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to thank you very much for trying to get the word out. I thought this was any sales back. I'm working at it. I just think I have one and a mention to you. I think that he's going to be on NPR today. Did he go to this? Who's that? The panelist. Yeah. And anyway, I just want to let you know. And George was a great job when you were gone by the way. Okay. Thanks, Peter. Bye. By the way, for the sports nerds, here's another great story about the scumbags that you and your children are supposed to admire. Lawrence Elevator, long-awaited attorneys as he's proud of multi-million dollar lawsuit in New York States of Supreme Court in Assau County. Against New York, Jet's line in John, Jumbo, Elliott, and Matthew O. Dweyre, former jet and current Cincinnati Bangalore offensive line. And I do mean offensive. The suit takes compensatory damages in the amount of $1.325 million on behalf of five plaintiffs and their spouses and punitive damages in the amount of $5 million. Elevator says the suit is being brought on behalf of two city of Long Beach police officers. John O. Sullivan and Dean Burke and Anassau County police officer Anthony Revelli as well as Michael Conradis and Christine Bonsonuri volunteer firefighters. The suit stems from a melee which occurred on July 10 on Boat Arts on Park Avenue at 124 West Park Avenue in Long Beach when 3008 Pot Elliott entered the ladies room post-bund Syriabenson Uriicide opened his pants exposed his genitals tour and urinated in the sanctuary court court. Elevator says Elliott and his companions then engaged in a rock-as-browl fighting and pushing patrons and throwing items throughout the bar and punching Bonsonuri on the left side of her chest. The six foot seven inch tall Elliott also then punched Conradis with a close fist in forearm. The attorney says Elliott was accompanied by 294 pound six foot five inch tall O. Dwyer and another offensive lineman for the jet 318 pound six foot seven inch tall Jason Fabini. Fabini is not being sued because Elevator says he didn't commit any assaults. After the police arrived to arrest Elliott O. Dwyer and Fabini O. Dwyer kicked out the rear window of the police car causing glass to shatter with shards of glass cutting and imbedding in the face and eyes of officers O. Sullivan and Burke and Revelli. O. Dwyer also kicked Revelli in the hip and struck another officer as well. Elevator says the lawsuit is seeking punitive damages because of the exceptional size, growth and athletic prowess of the defendants and their want and disregard for others rises above the level of an ordinary assault and war at the condemnation of society. The attorney noted it took 31 police officers to subdue these animals. How do you like that? More of those great athletes that you can teach your kids to really admire. Like Lawrence Phillips and like all these other scumbags. And we got people on this radio station out of on mention little dog making excuses for them. Wow, you know, the people at least talk shows what it's all about. What you should have said Joe, what it's all about our assholes with no values whatsoever who admire scumbags as long as they can win some stupidningless ball game. That's what you should have said. And you have to keep glamorizing these jackasses instead of discussing it openly, and intelligently because God forbid somebody with a IQ bigger than their damn penis size, might actually listen to it. Right. Instead of just a bunch of sports nerds with their idiotic Marwanne questions. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and coral spring, so hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, you know, these are the Miami Hender different than anywhere else. They're not unusual. Look at the little coal moth young out there and Detroit with the people moving. We don't live in Detroit. We don't live in Detroit. I know, but the same mentality. They got the same system up there and nobody writes it either. Right. But they blew billions on that. Can't we've already done this once? That's the point. We already blew over a billion dollars of somebody's tax money on this. And can't we learn the lesson or we that's stupid? I hear you. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Davey. Hello. Davey. Yes, sir. Hey, um, you played that skit yesterday about that. The sofa king. Yeah. Can you play that skit again for me? I got a friend. Yeah, I got a friend for you. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and four-later Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got to say that you have converted me. I was at the beginning throw tax. And now I'm hearing you in the last couple of weeks. Yeah. I'm completely going to vote no and encouraging everybody to die. Not a vote no. Please, I'm begging you. Get everybody, you know, even some dead people out there to vote on Thursday. I'm telling you. Neil, keep spreading the truth. You are. Thank you. Thanks so much. I'm writing that here. It's the only place. And that's why they had to cut our show short on Thursday because they know if they left me on the whole four hours that would bury this thing would definitely that would be it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. But as usual, I continue sitting here squeezing and begging and pleading and pumping these numbers and pumping the numbers. And of course, you will notice as you drive around. How much lighter the traffic is. Even though we still got some jackasses out there, making it as miserable as possible. Because there's nobody here as we get closer and closer to August one. This in fact, from the middle of July until Labor Day, that's the peak. That's when the few of people are here in town when everybody bails out of here. But it gets to be 110 in the shade. The only problem is they got nowhere to go. Now, where it is, 110 in the shade, but nevertheless, they're still not here. So all these baloney, phony stories that they make enough of. Oh, well, you know, we had a rush to solution now because otherwise, if we don't have the result now, I'll knock to over when a federal government heads up the matching fund. We wouldn't have the approval of the Audiati bull crab. Everything about this election smells and stinks like a rotten fish. Thursday, July 29th, likely story on a day when the fillies in a marlins are playing a big game. I guarantee they probably check that thing out to the probably, check the affiliate marlin thing, the schedule. Just to make sure the silence, the voice of the opponents. Not that I'm getting paranoid or anything. And that business about the SEC fine coming up, you have to really wonder about that, too, huh? Well, a Catholic church couldn't do it. And I'll tell you right now, Mayor Pinga, he ain't going to do it either. He's not going to shut up this show. Here's a mobile and pombie's garden, shall I? Pombie's gardens? Yeah, Neil. Yes. Yeah, this JB up here in the pombie's garden. I want to know what you get, the metro rail flow. Yeah. I don't know if you've been working on a phony accent, JB. Ah, part of my two years. And I'll keep working on a little bit better. Okay, and you can do that English garden come on and do it right here on the table. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, part. I must have been JB Brown, you think? Yeah. Also known as toast. See, that's another thing with this town. You know, you get such a much of athleticers in this town. How many people we got in this town to tell anything the way it is? It didn't even with something as banal and meaningless sports. If somebody thinks to join us, how about talking about it? If somebody doesn't agree, John, you're more than clear. I'll be a negative. How about being honest? How about telling it the way it is? JB Brown, here's a guy got burned more time than last week's mayonnaise. Okay? And this guy. Oh, he's great. He's one of the great to friends of a, and as soon as he's gone, and they finally dumped his ass. Oh, yeah, he stalked. He was an inept. That's the kind of, that's the kind of great voices we got in this town. Just about your butt suckers. God. And you remember the thing with the, with the panties, how all of a sudden after we had that show in the morning, the conference, there and Christine and more was your screen and you calls and all of a sudden some of the big books guys on this station, not to mention Joe Rose, who had been so critical of the organization. All of a sudden they said like, a suck and not pretty damn good. And you remember the thing with Dave Dumbrasky a couple of Fridays ago when Joe Rose was so much over a couple of minutes till he senses came back to him. And then all of a sudden after they had those comments by Dave Dumbrasky, blaming this radio station and the top shows on this station for all of the problems where nobody wants to go see their crap product, all of a sudden on the Tuesday, hey, you know the braves are here. We really ought to go out and see him. We really ought to go out and support the dead fish, the rotten sticking fish. And spill Henry would say, where was that book or bill money? Was that Mark Bell money, I think so. Ever since he was a fish, he thought we had free food again. Talk about a shnore. There's a guy, J.P., you want to learn how to snore from. We'll get you into hooky up with Mark Bell money. He didn't do anything and I would be all he did with snore for free stuff. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Yes, one word from Mayor Peenley. No. Okay, great, good call. Not. 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile online. He's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yeah. In fact, that's a good line. That's what he's going to leave Dave County, Peenley's. Yes. Hey, deal. I'm listening. Why are you so loud? Negative, no, the Kennedy's in all that. What does that mean? I like you, negative, negative, the dark dark Kennedy's flying. Negative, the lonely's on. Yeah. On other, you can't handle the truth. I can't handle it. I thought you could have blown you off in the... Yeah, yeah, blow this. Okay, blow this. You can't handle the truth. You can't handle the fact that I'm actually here on a show. It will continue to be telling the way it is. That's what you can handle. And that's why you've got to turn up so loud. There you got your finger deep inside your echo. Maybe somebody else's. Who the hell are you, kidden, Mr. Huh? Who are you, kidden? You're just all the people that you and your ilk. You can't stand the fact that anybody could come on a year or anywhere in public. And say something that you don't agree with. Because your idea or freedom of speech is it's okay as long as you agree with it. As long as it's your narrow, er, idiotic view of life. Then it's okay. Because anybody with a brain that didn't like what I have to say, they'd be doing something else right now. They'd be able to finger it out. Here's a mobile and a little could show me. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I'll tell you right now. There's only two guys with balls on that station. Yeah. That few in man, it's a rest of them guys running around. Put a bunch of babies. They don't have enough balls just to what they think. You're out there. You're spreading the word and you got a bunch of people out here going, what do you say? Exactly. They're all going. Yeah. And like this, I think I was probably Mayor of Pingu's boyfriend. This last one I just called. And Neil, can I call someone to do this guy? Go ahead. Ron, you spreader, push and sweat and big fat douchebag. He probably knows crap and puss if he asked me over there on the beach. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Gotta tell you, I got to have a little sympathy for the politicians down there. Dave County. They lost their cash cow to put up Miami and Kappa, Lunetta. So you've got to give him an A for reference for trying to get a new cash cow, the boom dog. And keep up the good work. Thank you. I'm going to happen, pal. I'll guarantee you. We're going to vote so many times on Thursday. Yeah. I'm going to have to bring in 6,000 next to workers just to count the guy damn vote. Yeah. While they're making it up, they go along. They're going to have to fix a lot of votes on Thursday to push this one over the top. They did it 20 years ago. Fake election. No one has ever denied that by the way. And I'm not the only one who's speculated on that. People much more, you know, less psychotic than I am have said, yeah, there was something small about that election. People in homestead voting for the freaking metro thing. Oh, hello, are you people kidna? If you're going to fix it this time, at least make up some better lives about where the votes are going to come from. They're going to put this thing over the top, okay. Like sweet water. Probably going to have 80,000 votes in sweet water voting. Yes, the only problem is there aren't 80,000 people in sweet water. We'll just create some overnight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Probably just go to parts of town where people can reproduce real fast, you know? And the kids will grow up real fast in the next two days. Yeah, we don't have to wait tonight. We're waving the usual nine months reproduction period. And also the 18 year up here before it invoked or waving all of that. If you're breathing, you can vote as long as you vote. Yeah, that's what they said. $30. They're starting at $700. And a free car from Norman Bram. For no vote. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How are you doing today? Pretty good sir. First time calling a long time listener. All right. Listen, I spend a day long driving up and down Miami. And some of the idiots that will live here in town would actually do the math and realize that they're going to save more money just paying the damn tolls and increasing the tax. Then we'd be offset. Fortunately, the society we live in, we've got a bunch of airheads living down here. But they don't know the, but from a hole in the ground. It's an amazing quality that you can make empty promises to people so many times like these people have done before like with the 1st mentor whale. And lie through your teeth and screw them in every way you can. And then a few years later, come back and then there's still people still wouldn't have to buy it. The fall for it to believe it. And that's the society we got down here. We got a bunch of idiots. First of all, we got a bunch of bricks in office that are actually trying to put these laws together. And then you got a bunch of idiots that are buying into this crap. All right. Neil, take care. Good show. Just say no man. All right. Okay. No man. Four minutes before one and five, 60 WQM. What am I getting all worked up about this thing? For because somebody's got to because the rest of the people are walking around like they got somebody's finger in your ear. That's the problem. Wake up and sniff it before they put another one over on you. And all you business people out there, that's who should be leading the charge against this is the chamber of commerce. Anybody heard from them on this yet? No. No. I haven't heard from them. They're always sticking their nose in the chamber of commerce. The junior chamber of commerce. They should be vehemently opposed to this if they care about business and date county. Because you're going to be losing him. Business hand over lip wrist and date county. People are going to be racing out of there. With that extra not just 1% the extra 1.5% tax you're going to have. Friends that are six in Broward. It's going to be seven and a half. Oh. The water to the lower. The theaters now from the director of Levit de Beaver and the producer of the spy who shagged me. It's the spy who shagged Beaver to honor you. I know that feeling. Thank you. Oh baby. Yes. Yes. You're right. You're moving. You're shagging out. We're shagging. I'd suspect the record is getting out of the deal. Just spy who shags Beaver. You're running to the inside of your. Oh, be hey. When you're down to this it's back to the coaster wagon for you. Yeah, baby. Okay, but in October 560 WQM. I'm going to be on the 18 T wireless line 560. Hey, go over a back from vacation today. Stop it. Add to a clock. Where we going and the default. By the way, it's pretty upset about all the vacation that some of us are getting too bad. Beful. Just kiss it around your work and sweetheart. Here's come a rage. Hello. Yes, sir. I know. This is all you're thinking. I'm wondering. Just because we've made this takes in a past. I mean, you know, a part of the issues with money. Uh-huh. Does that mean we're never going to do the. We're never going to do any public projects. We'll help this town. What do you mean by that? I mean, we're not. We're never going to do anything. Who said that? We have plenty of colors. They're saying that. No, they didn't say. I don't know. But they both what they are saying is that we are going to build another any more metro rail, which doesn't go anywhere. Nobody rides it anyway. What's the sense of building a metro rail that got to pro player stadium when John Henry Knox moved the Marlon's anyway wants to text per tell him to build a new stadium anywhere. But out there, we're going to build a whole leg of the metro rail of the cross. Maybe $100 million off to the stadium where there's going to be eight dolphin games every year. And nothing else we're going to be going on. Where's the sense in that? Well, it's just going to get it. There's an awesome part of the county and connected. Yeah. And where do you go? What do you walk when you get off of this thing? Where do you go? Well, it's a. It's a. It's a. It's a. It's a. Yeah. And where do you go? What where do you walk to? That's my point. This is not a walking community. You know that's it. There's nowhere you can go unless you go downtown, which 99% of the people don't live or work downtown. That you can't walk anywhere. Here you have to have a car. Well, there's a little bit. There'll have to be connections. Can I? Can I? We're all. All those transportation. Yeah. But the. We don't have to fit together. Yeah. Okay. Well, you have a good time. We just we don't really like that. He believes it all. Yeah. We're going to have this gigantic wonderful master. And let me say it again. Like Carl Heisen pointed on the column on Sunday. There's no guarantee. Even if you do pass this on Thursday, that's. I'll ever get the matching funds that they build. One one foot of additional metro rail. There's no guarantee in there. But all the people that I find you and this work,heimer. And all these other people are going to get all this money. Like Howard Kleinberg says if it's a tax for highways and metro rail for transportation. Use it for that and stop trying to throw all bone to everybody else in Dave County. So it's to try to suck them in again on a van wagon. That alone should be transparent enough unless you're an absolute blithering idiot. You can see through it. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello, Danielle. Good show. What is this? Great show. Yes it is. Thinking up on your advice them. That's the biggest tomorrow. All the things that you can add to the cell. Now you're talking. And I want to say one thing real quick about the Jimmy Joss. These are the wrong professors. It should be a jail ward. Yeah. And that's why they're running Dave Wants that he's going to be the one that's going to be the The Dolphin Warden. Absolutely. Okay. I have to go on back. Hundreds of your lungs. If you went big remember me please. Remember what a great contribution I made to somebody's life. How come this? Oh, there you go. Press the right button. Look at that. Isn't going to work. Oh my god. My thing is stuck there we go. So I need to do is get stuck on MTV 2 and I'm finished for today. 560,560, 560. Over at that, that was up on 12,561. Time, Dennis. Let's get that stuck. Mark it up to about let's get the dial up to about 18, 20,000 by the end of the day. And we can all go home and never speak seen again. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Am I on? Sounds like you. Yeah. Neil. Another thing is see what this is a smoke screen. They first we can't win in this thing. If we vote no, which one? What I'm going to do. We still get the poll hike. And so they're ramming us like always. And this is what the politicians do. And in the city of homes that the city is trying to annex part of the area. That belongs to Metro Day because they did that stadium that's built on the middle of nowhere. Yeah. The track is losing money. And now they want to they want to take the other day. We want to meet and you know what they told us. Well, we're going to give you better service. But right away my taxes will grow up a thousand dollars a year. How do you like that? For what? Because they want to annex that Metro Day area. I live in a right outside in the redlands. Yeah. Well, that that they politicians are all the same. I think we should don't put them up there in the wall and keep it's cany shoot them all. Okay. I'll see you on our town. See you in Broward. Where is this thing? I'm looking again at yesterday's Sun Sentinel, which, you know, is the only place where you would find in Preddile is most of the true stuff except for Carl Heisen's column. The thing about the oh yeah. It says if this passes, there's no guarantee that no Metro the rail lines will be built and you would see tolls on four major roads disappear. But you would watch new toll booths pop up on other roads. So, you know, this temporary and again is if the idea that there are tolls in these roads. First of all, there were tolls there in the first place. There already been tolls there. All they did is increase it from 25 to 50 cents. How much is that extra quarter or if you go both ways assuming every day. That extra 50 cents difference going to make. Times five is two and a half dollars a week, right? Am I right about that? Last time I checked. Fifty cents times five or a dollar. I'm sorry. No, that's right. It's only a 25 cents increase. So, it's a two and a half dollar increase. That's a hundred dollars and a little bit more than that. A hundred and twenty five bucks a year. A hundred and twenty five bucks a year. Is that going to break anybody in this audience? No. And assuming we're only talking about people that drive both ways every day. Monday through Friday. Which you could fit in a bread box with a number of people who have to do that. But they try to put in a big scare. Get everybody panicky. Do it as an announce this possible. Create all that big traffic jam. Get everybody frustrated. Right. And all the things the way that they're going about this. That should raise the questions right there. And when you start telling that aroma that's coming from the way they're doing this. You know right off the bat. That this is another corrupt piece of typical business as usual in this town. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. You stole my thunder. I was just going to say I'm in a construction industry. And we get what they call a dodge reports. And they're already looking to put. I believe it's either water, semi-nine should be caused way. One of the other one. One already has a toll on it. But they can write a look and a put or toll on that road. On the elementary causeway. I believe that. Oh, we got out of there just in time. I'm telling you. And it's very small kind of like a secret. Is that they've already got metro real stations planned. There's one already being constructed. They've just programmed on it out of medley. And that's going to run out into what's called the high park. Or it's called Grand Park out in that area. Yeah. But they already have broken grounds for the metro rail to be extended out. And eventually it's going to be going towards the turnpike. This has been in five years in the making. And it's just now starting to break ground. So if this does pass, they can say, oh well, look, we've already started working on a metro rail. Yeah. So which has nothing to do with the money to fight in this tax? Exactly. 100% federally funded money. Right. And it's part of being put up by the FCC. I'm sorry that the FCC. Yeah. The FCC. They're over there. That's right. That's exactly right. No, for Florida East Coast Railroad. So I mean, it's a sham vote. No, no, no. No, no, no. I bless you. Thank you. Amen. This guy said vote. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Several times. And he's right. 560, 50, 50, 50, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, they lied. It was also another interesting article which I feel the clip on. And Pinguah keeps coming on there. All of us, the third most congested, much of a while in the area in the country. And I said, you know, they used figures to, it's the 12th most congested, not the third. The 12th. If you look based on the real amount of the traffic flow. Which still it is, congested. But there's this amazing thing called widening the highways and using all kinds of money to, you know, make for better transportation with cars. Because that's what transfer is. Just like Norman Brahmins says, that's what this is all about. It's a driving community. It's not a mass transportation community. There is nowhere to walk to. I mean, is this the kind of place where you're going to take a metro rail into the middle of nowhere. And then stand there and wait for half hour for a bus and do that both ways. There is no place to go to walk to. I'll other than downtown Miami. Where is it that any of us work that there's going to be a metro rail anywhere near. We're going to have a metro rail near here. So I can leave my car at home and by the way, guess what? I live in Broward. Is there going to be any metro rail that I'm going to hop on? No, I say hop on this. That's what I say. Mr. Mayor. And of course he might. I want to give you the real thing, you know. Oh! What would it do if I had normal bumps? Would it do? Got out inside my city? No. Who you got wrong when I read that a song? Did I have my time to take off? You can't. Oh my God, my family left in my truck. Oh, I just got with my plants in my front. Oh, I don't have to try with my plants in my truck. And you all did your homework and you bought it. I only had to pull my candy down. Oh, they did it. When you bought it. He had not come back to where I could buy now. That is six weeks I just spread in your life. Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or a guy. I don't know if he has just this disease. Well, it reads until I'm out of rehab 35. I get by with the plants in my grass. I get guys with this plant in my grass. I don't have to try with this plant in my grass. You can't tell that's actually me. He left through me by cherries. By cherries. You can't tell that's what I'm saying. But in this, this is that the most important thing. I'm a get five in print. It's in print. In place of my bread. I'm happy. Yes. You done? One more please. One sixteen is five sixty WCM. Thanks to our good friend Brad over there at Tony's. He was a Tony over at Brad. And I'm a ninety-third in North West second Avenue. Two of the man we got. Said over about six hundred pieces today. And by the way, J.P.'s money did go to a good cause. The delivery guy. We have a nice big tip about the fifty cents. Now, when we give him the thirteen bucks, we give him a big tip. And we bought Josh and Jason wherever they were. All right. Great. Five six seven of course, so J.P. is not paying for his lunch today because he's sucked around with Brad on the phone for 20 minutes. At least wants to premium a lot of it. Five six seven, five sixty, pump five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Great. And I'm going to be to the day by the way. In fact, you know something. J.P. I hope you're listening. Which I'm sure you're not. You're probably out running around doing. Got to learn those what right now. Doing. Got to learn those who. But. This Tony's is starting to get right up there. I'm the same. You know what I'm going to nip and talk. Nek and Nek. Here's Miami. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes sir. Picture this on a sunny afternoon. It's the beautiful day. You can schlep your whole family to the beach with a picnic. Cooler. You can go to the beach with towels and take your barbecue. Are you going to use Metro rail. Can you picture that? No. No. Is this better rail going to have a place to take that boat? I can attach to it to take it to the beach. No. No. I'm being facetious. Did you see the harrel today? The intersection. Oh, the business action. No. The harrel. Approximately buried this article. I just read to you real quick. Well, I have because it's really going to raise your. And I lost a 29 million dollars. And I'm going to put my A design could get acts after spending. I'm quoting after spending $29 million is I a new concourse and central terminal Miami National Airport. County officials say those plans should be shelved because it's changing traffic patterns at the airport. Airport official wants to scrap those projects in stark fresh. $29 million dollars. Oh, my God. Found the drain. Is that surprising? No. Unbelievable. The other gentleman was. Oh, the tip of the letter. It's just where you are. Oh, my God. Where you're down. And the harrel varies it in the business. That's the hardest. The 49 million. I'm putting on the front page. Of course not. The other thing. I don't know if you've been listening to some Spanish radio station. Penelas is. Yeah. No, it's very time. It's blasting. Brahmin. I got to believe Penelas has got to be a communist. You hear what? This is what he's saying. I'm quoting you. Brahmin is got a is a multi million air. Who lives on a yacht and blah, blah, blah, he keeps pushing and criticizing. Brahmin. I'm not going to be a millionaire living on a yacht. Well, let me ask you this. Yeah. Mickey Eris and his abition air. Yes. Who's got billion dollars. His daddy's got that nine billion that he ran off the Israel with. It's rolling his business. We don't get any tax money from. He takes all the tourists out of here to the port of Miami. Six amount of cruise ships. Who's your all registered to a foreign country. There is no tax money to arrive from that business. And yet he's in bed with Mickey. Yeah. And Penelas is saying. But right now. Mayor Martinez is saying. He's commenting on Penelas is saying. He last time he heard language like that. Was in Cuba when they were communist. Were blasting the people who were making money. Right. So that gives you an idea. And if he's so upset about somebody's got a lot of money. Right. Then how come he's so buddy. But he would Mickey Eris and all of a sudden created a big bond like the day after he got elected. That's right. And Mickey Eris and has bigger yachts. But Mickey Eris and could buy himself Norman Brahmin ten times over. One other thing. The 27th Avenue line. This gentleman you had earlier. Yes. So he's talking about going up to 27th Avenue. Those surveys that they did this 27th Avenue line. We've done 30 years ago. The population shift. And as you know it is to Western Brown or nobody. Nobody you goes on 27th Avenue anymore. It's a wasted line. Absolutely wasted. Yeah. So you know. I don't know where you know. I can't. I'm flustered too. I don't know. You know. I can't believe all this garbage. And the you know, actually the only one you said. You know, and I took I looked at the article today. The sun Sentinel is the only one that's printing the dress. That's right. And Carl Heisen in the S.D.0. Carl Heisen hit it right on the head. A money pit. Absolutely money. You got it. Okay. Just say no. No. Early and often. Thank you. Thank you. We're going to spend the whole staff here at QM. We're spending all day tomorrow after the show to a clock up. We're going to go out all the cemetery. Okay. We're there. Okay. Good. Okay. for I don't we don't need any more day coming residents over here making more problems. Right I'm going to vote yes for the dolphins all the convicts on the dolphins. It's a wedding and I'm going to vote yes in support of the British tender. Okay great okay there's that put plug. Fine you know what I'm talking about he's that. That's obsessed with a British tender probably wants to with local them. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the 18T wireless law of course we've been asking that question for years since we were on IOD on the 70th week. The bridge tender. Here's a mobile in my and that's what my mother finds out when she goes to the dentist in between the right rummaging to my garbage. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi good afternoon. Yes sir. Listen I deliver mail in the city of Miami. Unfortunately I got a deliver this political crap. Senator Glenmore Gold is already announcing here that we have a prize in our community. Miami City County has become the third most concept that are in the country. That's a lie. The purpose for passing New York City. We are in the midst of a traffic nightmare and you have the power to fall the crisis. Right. Cool. Just saying no. No. I'm voting no. Good good work pal. You can tell when our our goal is where to stick it. All right. Oh there's another 10 grand. Sorry. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Yeah carry me kissy all these all these wonderful liberals my old liberal friends this liberal democratic establishment these spend and tax tax and spend spend benefit people are sick and tarot that okay stop pushing our money down the toilet like it's coming out of a water faucet and then maybe somebody might go along with his boom doggo years to help all your friends in a construction business. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hi New York. I don't go to the sales tax increase also. I'm a user. I don't agree with what it's going to be used for and I don't trust the people the money would be going to. I don't want to point out a few things. I'm a CPM. Yeah reasonably into this. Right. I don't spend a much time of sales tax but there's three counties in Florida that have a 7.5% rate. There's Gambia which is Pensacola Monroe and Jackson. I don't know what the action Jackson. The huge difference though in about how that works though. All three of them have expiration dates on their county certax rate. Right. Our most recent date on this one baby. That's right. It expires when we do. Yeah and I actually ran some numbers here for you of all the counties that have certax rates. 75% of them have expiration dates on them in the state of Florida. 25% do not and 15 of the counties have no certax at all. Right. So I guess that's why material. Okay. We're only often Thursday man. Okay. Okay. Bring a bus load. A butt load. 560 560. Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. In case you tuned in late we got some real bad news for you. In fact, even if there were an election with still be bad news probably for the audience. We got the Marlin game on Thursdays. The day game in Philadelphia playing the Phillies at one o'clock so the pre game is at 12 30. So we get pre-empted the last hour and a half. Just coincidentally on the one day of all the days in the year all the day and the five years that I got that deal with this place. The one day I want to be here the whole four hours come hell or high water. Is this Thursday? The bang away on this thing for four solid hours to encourage as many people and they'd kind of to get off their dead ass and go out there and vote enthusiastically. No. And there's chopping me off like after the first two and a half hours. Now if we had a brains and balls around us to have they stick that damn you may in fact if they want to keep the game on QAM, stick us on kiss. That's the way to do it. Forget that crap kick and stuff you're playing on there for an hour and a half and stick us on kiss on country kiss there last hour and a half. We get all those red necks all those trucked raving scumbags out there they'll go down there vote 10 or 20 times. Now guarantee it. They they're not too crazy about your kind George. All those kiss people they're kissing it that's why sunny foxes on there. They're not too crazy about your kind they like his kind. You want me talking about the moonshine kind. Remember Mike moonshine? Here's a candle hello. Hey yes sir. Beautiful show now. Yes it is. Yes I wonder how many of the voters out there remember Marpini's ads on TV about the the poor kid playing in the dusty street there claiming when he was running for mayor. He has no place to play so why are we building this bigger rena for for rich Mickey. Now right. I'm in there that's right. How long do take them to flip on that one day? That's right one day after he got elected that was the first his first official act which did do this turn around like it happened overnight like we're supposed to believe that and all of a sudden Mickey out of the generosity of his heart said well I'll put up the money to build the arena you guys just subsidized it for the rest of your lives. You fit this puppy right on the head and people are dumb enough to believe this guy and crazy. I'm working a liar as what he is he's a liar with great political aspirations and like I said yesterday please keep this in mind long after he's left here and gone on to run for Congress to run to be vice president whatever it all he aspires to be will be stuck here with a book that he leaves behind just like merits dear hymn did the first time before he made his comeback. Exactly they're just counting every corner they can't to get this and of people people are dumb enough to believe this they deserve it is there what they put in god bless bride. I encourage everybody to say no because if they have any idea what was really going on with this budget now money is getting wasted that's all and you would say or get it god bless you sir. Beautiful have a great day there you go the intelligent people that people with a brain we had a couple people yesterday who couldn't put a sentence together maybe ten to twenty for our battery and those are the people that were voting yes because they're being led by the nose because Willie Logan says this I said I would trust Willie Horton before I trust Willie Logan and I'm not talking about the ball player. 560 5060 on the AT&T line 127 a QAM. Holy Macaron this is Joe ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. If your party snacks taste like hell this year at Christmas serve Jesus of Nazareth your guests will say holy cow when they bite into these thin, fuller-rich treats and Jesus of Nazareth coming over riding a playboy from Alephaneo to Aleluja get the snack he would have liked and the taste worth paying for Jesus of Nazareth it's your salvation this Christmas there's a Jesus of Nazareth shop on business loop 80 right next to Chrysler on 90 motor 132 at 560 WQM again happy 61st birthday to Donnie B who'll be on 6 to 74 tomorrow and game tonight and I'll call only 63 today and begin older by the man maybe that's why he likes to make Donald so much okay that he kind of bond together with the seniors golf tournament 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line let's hear it for Greg Reed that finally did something right okay that I have an old hack to do UM sports on his station he brings it a new guy that we hear his fantastic whatever hell his name is what is his name mark what is it mark bandamir from the University of Massachusetts how do you like that of course everything nothing in life is perfect that's what we brought in what's his name just a guy because we don't want it to be too good 560 5050 5050 I technically there's seriously there are dead people in this town have a greater personality than Joseph Gaki I mean that's not even a contest not even close I wouldn't be surprised when we start digging those bodies up tomorrow to go vote on Thursday some of those people have like 20 times the personality that what's his name of God cheers again yeah him here's a mobile in sunrise hello yeah I don't know what you got to get the chicks McDonald yeah we're like yeah how you gonna be talking like that like some kind of a nerd they come with a territory oh just let me finish well why did you talk like a human being why don't you start out by saying hello how you do and have a great life low about your ass something it's a hard like an adversary you know why can't you be a mench I'm sorry hello I don't know what mench is but the chicks is great I don't want to hear another Jewish little shush I'm boy call my hockey games who's that who's the Jewish shush I'm boy a little Goldie whatever the famous yeah so how do you know about that job who told you I listen to you you don't chicks is coming at town chicks is great you know about Goldies at part-time job though that's what I like to know yeah he's all right with hockey but I would jigs just great big sucks jigs got candy so great how come he got candy every world he ever worked how come the way you and how come the blue was that's on a Toronto in one year they laughed his with the paper shredded him up there well I like jigs he's a big step up from what we had though definitely thank you thank you look for you one thing okay see yeah of course like I said a dead man you know something I'll tell you even what have been a big step up just a guy well now you're getting carried away can you imagine Joseph Jackie doing hockey that would be the best well there's a there's a long shot Tony Oyster though I think he's thought that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty see this market deserves jigs McDonald he'll be perfect for here because the fancier would know just like to meet me through your tishney how about our sports shows that anybody discuss him oh guy dies in his horrendous accident Saturday and his voting accident gets his throat slit twenty two years old they got a ship his body back to Russia probably buried inside burying no doubt any conversation about that on this radio station they wouldn't know the meaty tirtitiony from the meaty mirror and off from uh... high-impupic that's what they would know so jigs McDonald fitting her like her love also oh he's great just like they said about christina more people i knew nothing about his work who had nothing to compare it to like somebody actually called a game instead of sitting there trying to sit down comedy for two and a half hours five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and hollywood hello how are you new how you doing great that's it i listen to you years ago when you did serious serious talk and i remember with that metro rail i can remember you screaming against it that no one's gonna use it that's why you're right yeah and they and they actually told the people that if you bought everybody a cat-lack in day county would have been cheaper than that stupid nettle that's what even ragan said he don't remember saying that but even ragan said that it could have been a better about everybody a brand new cat-lack and spent less than a billion dollars for a damn train that nobody rides and right exactly and here we go again now they're trying to tell you that if we get money the train will go someplace we'll get guess what people out there day county you're writing a blank check a taxis trip a blank check to these guys we're gonna do what they want with your money it's time you're cooking full of your money and watch what these characters are gonna do all the waste of time down here again and it's your money god bless you sir did i get out there with a mega phone in the sandwich board and let him have it let me say it again says right here not only were the tools on those four worlds disappear temporarily but there'll be new tools pop in a ball over the place number one and number two there is no guarantee that no metro rail lines will ever be built you got it so even if you love the metro rail even if the and like somebody called it in said yesterday the seven new routes that they're showing there in yesterday is here will five of them are like in a conceptual in other would selects in somebody's brain somewhere they're thinking about it they're peddling you an invisible bill of goods they're peddling you if come so if you're trying this is basically what it boils down to if you trust them based on what they've done with your money over the last 20 years if you trust them based on all the corruption you're seeing and all the ripoffs in the the money disappearing here in his town last 20 years go ahead and vote yes but if you're a little bit skeptical based on the attract record they got then just please say no that's what i say i think i'm gonna sit here on Thursday right i'm gonna we're gonna we're gonna go in there and the uh pot it up right over the game over the marlin game nobody will notice yeah that's right right around the marlin game is gonna go on here i'm just it will do a little subliminal programming on the Thursday in between every pitch will play no no yeah low and outside no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yeah that's right in between every god dead picture nested but is anybody here care about that game anyway no there it is again no yeah anybody listen today no no no yeah i got to saw plan for Thursday baby no yeah there you go little variety there all you said you and you couldn't do it in a time where we had a media that had some backbone you could never put this far so we're on a goddamn public outside of that right now and even my good close friend Howard Kleinberg after i read that thing after reading recall that i read that thing on the air which i'm sorry that i wasted the time reading it you know he had some good points in there about all the promises about all these other things with the money is gonna go but the fact is have a little backbone Howard it's just like what casino gambling which he admitted to me off the year which i can say i have already said this it was years ago i'm back in the days of the mimey news how are was the publisher of the mimey news the editor and the editor else said no on casinos but that he finally admitted to me after a wrestling with that for years he was really in favor of it don't sit on the fence we'll let the default he will let be full be the one let him be lonely there's sitting on the fence have a god them opinion your tentative of no don't just be tempted to do it do the smart thing Howard no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line find Okay, both the blinds, six feet, that's been always trouble here. I'm 24 and 5.60 WQAM. Well, good to be to the Daytona. Thanks, Brad. You're the best sweetheart. Mmm, God is it's good. I always try to tell certain people that it's always a lot better when you don't pay for it. And as soon as you face saying that they run like a basket. Okay, look at this. Two lines left and the more we got 15 minutes to go to the lower the hopper gets back on your hair. You may have two lines with. After this, Monument is shown today. After this ball busting show, and we got two lines with. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? I'm much. I just want to give you a quick call and you know, I work with a couple of Jamaican guys. And the one guy who's fully addicted to you is cousin just started working here. And he just his buddy left and he put on a DMX CD. He comes back in here and he goes through the helicopter and off me. He runs right over there and puts you back on you. We don't listen to that CD until two o'clock. Oh, right. Since we started buying all our weed in this building from the Jamaican they're like as a lot better. Yeah, and that's a lot. Hey, listen man, he'd really like you if you could play that Britney Spears song because he's got a tape all cute up there. You got it. Okay, no problem. See you. 560560, pound five 60 that one that says, I'm under age or you can't play that. The commissioner will get all upset about that. No, don't just see how much to be rattling his spear. Yeah, he'll be rattling it. He'll probably be squeezing it or trying to anyway. 560560, pound five 60 on the 18 to your lowest line. Here's a mobile in high allia. Hello. Mobile in high allia. Don't you love that? When you hear the sound of the thing on the outside? Great. Okay, he's probably got the phone deep in the back of him. It's been more to good that way. 560560, pound five 60 on the 18 to your line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you're absolutely right about this petty text. You know, I've been listening to you for many, many years and you will want to influence against the metro rail. And I got just so fed up with Dave County. I finally just, you know, wanted to raise. I said they all were in my move out. I live up in Broward. And I don't have to deal with that crap anymore. But, you know, they're going to shove this down the people's throws and Dave County once again. And you know what, you get what you, you know, you they got what they got because of canellus and the rest of that, you know, that whole Cuban organization. And it's basically a foreign country, you know, as far as I'm concerned, they can write it off. I want to deal with it. You're right. It's a to-but-animate country with the banana bullmen. No, you're absolutely right. It's federal government, wrote this area off after the Mario Bolus. The president of the president of the Trump, the Trump, the Trump, the Trump, the�. Andホa! And Film Park, the president, The President of the Trump, the president of the U.S. You're of course giving a heated seat down the restaurant! The President of the U.S. Sorry that I didn't notice him, but also that he's wonderful in a,loud Well, they can't keep up with their enthusiasm at that law. That's why there's they'll be perfect. Okay. Well, there was Siddler for two and a half hours here. And then they got that stupid ballgame crap. That's criminal. See, if we had a ballsy radio station here, which we don't, but if we had a gutsy ballsy management here, they would say, okay, you're right. We're going to cross you over on the kiss, power 96, something for that last hour and a half. So we can really have an impact on this time. We can do something good for the people. Since the stations located in Dave County, by the way, just post it up to be the Broward line to get a quick getaway. But nevertheless, we're located in Dave County. We ought to be doing some kind of a service here. We side-puted a bunch of stupidity-aliterate ballgames on here. Here's a mobile and public pine, Tellow. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm, you hit it right on the head when Chris Moore said. He played like jokes for last year. You know, I'm on, yeah. What do you mean last year for six years? Well, yeah, you're right. But it just got so animated last year when the dancers were blown out of games. Him and Randy Moore were just like play off each other like two little kids. You know, it was like, what happened to the game? Yeah. You know, he couldn't be bothered to describe the game. Which I thought is what he was getting paid to do. And the worst part of the deal is to show you what a bunch of geniuses we have at a Panther organization, they loved him. They begged him to stay to show you what a bunch of more ones are running their outfit. I don't understand why. I don't know this chick from anybody is he good. He's better than what we had. Okay, so that's all I can say for him. Is this step up, but not the not a big step, not to the top of the elevator. Finally. And the spokesman's got to go take it easy. Okay, this is the last year for the spokesman Andrews Brother, too. By the way, you know, the kindergarten school teacher is Brother Terry, TM and BM. That's what I say no more BM. But we'll get another couple of months and believe me. They better hope that Paul Bel-Barrays knee heels up real real good. And that he has a gigantic season. And scores about 63 goals this year because if not, because they're given us beside him. You got your way. Whitney. And you got your decent goal, tending on spectacular. But good enough to win. And that's it. That's it. Mark Perry, she'll be your good. And that's pretty much it. Tendy 42. We got 1,400 open lines. As the audience was just finally had it. They've just at the end of their rope. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Count five, 60 on the AT&T line.