Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rodgers show. We've been talking to Neil, called 560 560 toll free for David Broward, or pound 560 on your cell phone. We're the opinions of Neil, his guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the feasly broadcast group. Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560, QA-Boward. The supplies present. Members of the 100th Congress, distinguished guests, and I felt a little Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. You can't touch me. Please, come in the groin. Mr. Harrow, he's just in skill he snores. Hello. I'm Bernie Co. Fel, and I'm barely alive. But I don't snore in tears why. When we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti-smorgun. Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective too. And here's why. Just one quick pull of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long. All right. If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti-smorgun. Just with the NRA ordered. To order yours. Have credit cards ready and call the NRA at 1-800 of American ways. It's said I wanted 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to you. Got a great facts here. Unlike the facts we had yesterday, although it doesn't make reference to it, it would be an interesting thing to read. But it's written by Dave Barry, so will I read it? No. It's a little twerp. But it's about the beast room you'll on the airplane. Nice going, you're a Cheryl. Some Cheryl out there, not the Cheryl that we used to be our friend over there at the Cox. But at any rate, some other Cheryl, who says PSM, a 40-year-old lady, I was too late for Backstreet Boys to get enjoy. F blank blank, blank, Sherry. Tom Green for May or Miami. Nice going, Cheryl. Here's the lady who don't want anything. Unlike that bitch yesterday. By the way, didn't hear yesterday. If you missed the beginning of the show, I should read that again. Oh, Sherry up there in Volca, another free loading bitch. Another free loading bitch. Can you get me some, and by the way, speaking of freebies, free stuff. Where is Fatboy? Where would my guy damn dolphin to get to the parking pass that he was off to see Ray Perry for yesterday? Oh, I'll be right back, pal. Right back, pal. He wants to get lost in highly unaware something. With Willie in the hand-gives. God, what these people around here, man. I want to tell you before anything else today. The most irresponsible, the blackest mark in the history of television. Who do you think it was, by the way? I'm out of do talk, Sherry. Yeah. Which ordinarily, the only thing I do is I channel surf and believe me. This time of the year there's a lot of surfing going on. Even Jan Barry would be surfing if he could. But he can't. That's head about Jan Barry. Well, he couldn't surf if you saw it now. The thought of Jan Barry out of surfboard. I think is a little pathetic. But so I'll see who he's got on here and sometimes for a comic relief or sometimes out of amazement, I just couldn't turn it off. I kept flipping back to it last night because I kept making it myself even at Larry at some point here. Some point is going to get up and say, you know, you're full of crap David, I'm getting out of here. This is ridiculous. Did you do that? No. David Berkelitz, the son of Sam, which by the way, Spike Lee, lays the biggest egg in the history of human race. They yanked that before cutting the theaters day yanked in the movie too. That's how bad it was. The son of Sam. And what have I told you for years, this man with a longest tongue in history, he if he could bring back Hitler from the grave, he'd have him on or suck at his ass for an hour on worldwide TV. It's not bad enough that we're asking a US to be treated this to split, but all over the world. And by the way, speaking to you crazy people in the media, you know, those kids out there in Littleton, Colorado, with Columbine, I leave them to hell alone. We don't need to hear any updates. We don't need to see any more interviews. We don't need to see any cheerful parents, any fried fried frightened kids. Leave them alone. I know it's not your, you're not capable of doing it. You crazy people in the media. Just leave them alone. They'll go their back in school and life will go on. And they'll adjust if you leave them to hell alone. See, one thing that I want to criticize the goddamn people out there at school system, they should have said, the media's off limits. You're not allowed anywhere near our school campus. And if you don't understand that tough crap, get out of here. That's all. That would have solved the problem. But because we're in other one of those laws, we haven't had a mass murder in last couple of days. So now, but, you know, because the media will never let anything go. Once it's like a pit bull, once it gets its teeth on something, it takes an army to get it to let go. And that's the media. These poor kids out there, leave them to hell alone. And the parents too, you know, oh, you know, are you grieving? I mean, oh, Jesus Christ. No, we're not grieving. We're having a freaking party over here. Okay, we're having a bar mitzvah. Crazy people. But this thing with David Birkowitz last night, could I be the only person in this audience that's on? No, I sure hope not. Somebody needs to hold CNN accountable. Forget about Larry because he's not a countermeasure. He's not accountable. He can't help himself. He's not a control. He'll just any ass you put in front of his ugly posts in front of his hunchback body. He just, it's like a reflex action. You know, like a, like a, what are the, like a flight catcher? What are they call those things for the long tongue? A communion? A lizard, a frog. A frog. Man, yeah, for any of those. That's a tongue just automatically reaches out as soon as it sees a fly. And that's the way it is with Larry. As soon as he sees an ass, immediately that tongue goes darting out. I'm out of do talk. Kisses kissing and kissing and kissing. And of course David Virkel with now he's born again. He found Jesus. What a surprise huh? Well, he was in a slamer. He found Jesus. And no matter what Larry asked him during that hour, it all, well, my mind is blank on that. It was a very dark time in my mind. But I know the Lord forgives me and, uh, blah, blah, blah, blah. And Jesus says, and then the best part of the thing was, well, I know the audience wants to see you pray for us at the end of the show. We're going to say, or have you say a prayer? I'm thinking of myself, America should be saying a prayer for itself that this irresponsible scumbag assucker is on their worldwide TV for an hour every night doing these things. And it's unconscionable. I know how to do a talk. You know, forget about the fact that he screwed all these people down here and never paid the money back. That small potato. Don't need to stay down. No care to the crap that he's pulling over on the public. You know, you give a man an hour of worldwide television and say, do whatever you want. You know, make this little BDI Ross Piro in a way, uh, hero. A little guy who's a laughing stock who's a joke who's a third burger who says things that on their face are ludicrous, they're liable. Gotta roll up our sleeves and do, do, do. Dust off those old studies and just bring a back and bring a back and bring a back again and again and again. All is good friends, Benny, Hen. Jerry Fallwell, Reverend Robert Schuorth, Airby Faker, Airby Fony, Airby Lire, Airby's Con artist that ever came down to Pike. This man never met an ass that he didn't want to, he didn't want to look. It's just unbelievable. He said, yes, that must do it for you. David Berkel is the son of slam. And he's talking about, he's talking to the other murderers there in the slam or and he's, you know, trying to turn them on to Jesus and God and find a religion. And of course, you can just see this whole, you know, they all pull this crap. Because God is forgiven of so why can't society, you know, let's just put it behind us and let him out again because now he's a good Christian after all. Is there, and of course, why is this man alive? You know, because of the crappy laws in the state of New York, I love Maria Cuomo, although this was before his time, I believe, way before. But nevertheless, that was the one thing that he was so wrong on with the death penalty. Why are the, you know, if they would have fried his ass a long time ago and it should have been fried, the public around the world where they had to be treated to the spectacle last night, that was the most irresponsible, the worst hour in the history of television. What did we figure the guys, Namos, who invented the, uh, the, uh, tele, what was his name? Inventive the a picture tube. Oh, phylog, he phylog, he phylog, he phylog, he's rolling in his freaking grave. After seeing that crap last night. I mean, just, uh, and then to do it that I'm sure. Larry, you are the worst, the most irresponsible, the lowest form of sub-human scum on the face of the earth. You're just, uh, the only sister that was pathetic, pathetic. Is there anybody anxious enough that he wouldn't bring him on or had tossed those marshmallows? Is there anybody? No, no. Mowatzi tongue, he'd have him on there. Stalin, Hitler, uh, uh, you name it. There is nobody in the world that this man couldn't bring on if we could bring them back to life and suck their ass for an hour. Kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, and make them look great. Oh, yeah, my good friend and I'll Hitler. Nice mustache, shit off. God, I, it makes my skin crawl just to think about the fact that this man is on there for an hour. I don't be grudge in the money even though you ripped off all the people down here and he's just come back. I don't be grudge of anything, all these 25 wives, but to go on here and do something like this. This was the, the worst moment in the history, the history of the media. 10 past 10 is 5 60 W to come. I don't want to get it. We, you know, worked up here on a Tuesday. Do I want to get worked up? Uh-huh. FNA, I do, baby. Scumbag, disgusting, subute. Oh, he found Jesus. And, and for him to be sitting there saying, oh, God is forgiven him. I hate to break the news to you. Okay. This idea that you believe in some religion that you've gotten murderable bunch of innocent people and that any, anybody can forgive you. You know what I say to that? That's what I say to that. Let me pull this with. Just just for a few seconds. 20 60 W. I will give it to you. What a suck-up job that was. I was to do the actual way, but I didn't believe it. I'm not even a week. Because I'm a feminine guy. I don't know if it's a feminine guy. I don't know if it's a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. But there's a last name at first. I'm a plus we're a feminine guy. FNA, feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm a feminine guy. I'm out of to a talk show. Head to 15 to five, 60 W. I'm a guy. Hey, Goldberg. It's two. We got your manager six o'clock tonight. Yeah. Marlin, Zaby, to Dodgers last night. Any interest in that? Oh, be on a game tonight, whether you like it or not. Here's a lady in Carl Springs, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I'm from Carl Springs. How are you today? I'm doing great. I'm the mother and the wife of two who Leo's. And for some, I'm calling even though my husband got me to listen to you when I'm not working, which isn't too often. And I wanted to say hello. Hello. And my son came down to visit from college and they're on their way on the term bike north. Trying to catch you for about an hour in the storm here on the way back to Oklahoma. In the storm? It's storm enough here. Oh, my god. This is getting pretty old, you know. And he started to get like Florida. Yeah, starting. Unfortunately, we all live down here. But anyhow, I think this was more like a shock. So my son could hear me on the radio and say hi to him because I really miss him already. And while he was here for a week, he listened to you a lot. And my husband keeps telling him about some kind of commercial that he wanted him to hear. And so I have one of those shameless requests for some so far, king or something commercial that I've heard. Okay. And if you could play that in the next hour, maybe because then they're probably going to be out of your range. Then not out of my range. Well, they're heading north. So I don't know how far they're going to get the station, and especially in this weather that's up in coral springs. And that would be great. And I think that would make his age just a little bit better. Well, bad doing. I hope so. I hope so. And I hope just hear a me on the radio is. That might be a good shock. That's going to really do it. And I don't really know what you were talking about in the past few minutes because I turned the radio down. I don't want to hear that echo. I'm just talking about Larry King kissing David Berkler, which is Son of Sam kissing is actually a good feeling. Well, I heard Jerry fall well. And that was enough for me because all of those people are just a little bit too much. Yeah. Okay. Listen, every great day, sweetheart. Thank you. Yeah. Bye. Listen to me. It's just stand by and see for soficking. And it's stand where everything is out to the high soficking standard. The selection is in just huge. It's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking surprises on just low. There's soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful store, I mean soficking beautiful. And I can't stop it. Help. I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. A staff that's soficking courteous and fresh is that a soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied customer, Frank and Stein. Soficking good. You set a fracking soficking good. And this place bad. 10 18 and 5 60. Where's fat boy with my goddamn Marlon? I don't know if I'm going to let him out. I think he's worth those tickets. He's a crap probably already in higher. Leah. 5 6 7 0 5. I want to hear from somebody else who saw that last night. And you know what the problem is in this country. I don't want to start getting serious today. Have he duty philosophical butt. It's not just down here. It's the whole country. It's Lala land. They're all going. Yeah. They had a CBS pull last night. And this is on the heels of the Atlantis thing. This is on the heels of the thing out there with the Jewish day care center in California, the LA. This is on the heels of their go back to school in Colombe and high in Littleton, Colorado. On heels of all of this stuff and gun control and guns and whole gun. They weigh down the list of the issues that the public has considered about. They're still concerned about dollars and cents. How much money do they have? It's that are in so on. So you and our a crazy people. You don't have to worry about a thing because the public is usual is going to stop about either. You see this crap like we had in the media last night. This would come to a screeching halt. If CNN got about 50,000 calls from people just frosted just pissed off. I mean something ballistic. And they should have if I were to have a guy named number to call, I would have called him last night. It said, are you people crazy or what? Talk to you about God then mass murder and kissing his ass and trying to somehow legitimize him and pedaling the song of the answer about always saying a prayer. And a whole hour, he's holding the guy then Bible in his hand. He's got to open to this page and that page and the Lord is forgiven me and Jesus there. And yeah, I mean, what a sick bunch of crap that is. And that's part of the sickness of this whole religious bullcraft. There's no incentive to be a decent person to do no harm. There's no incentive in these organized religions. Just believe the same crap that we tell you to believe or at least just pretend to believe it and then no matter what you did, well, well forgive you because there's nobody we love better than the fall of no sinner than whatever. There we were, whatever you say it. As soon as you repent, we love you no matter how many people you kill. That's what it boils down to. Craziness like these people will say, well, if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his death, but he'd be in heaven now. Great, you hang out of that kind of religion. Okay, you sick bastard. Not for me. Nistromer is they say in China. God. And here's this little weasley piece of turd. The luckiest man. This is the luckiest man on the face of the earth that a guy named Ed little at mutual radio of what was become obsessed with him had some maybe he had naked pictures of Ed little with a billy goat that hangs been doing. Maybe he had that. That's the only reason he ever went to mutual and it's the only reason he ever went on CNN. Couldn't interview a god damn billy goat this guy. That's what kind of a great interview where he is. A legend in his own mind, just a professional named dropper, ass sucker, ass kisser, a piece of crap on two legs, a turd with ears, that glory king. And I'm going to show you how much how much principal he's got. Okay, not only did he have Howard on the show here, like a year ago or so, a few nights ago he's got a show on there. I'm flipping the channels again. It's about the show is about back pain. Who would you got on the phone to talk about back pain? Howard. Now this is the same Howard. How many times did Howard make a flu out of him having his crony's calling on a show when he had like some important rule figure on there? Hey, what are you thinking of Howard sticking on that crap? You know the stuff Howard always does. And he still puts him on here because like I said, there is no acid in the world that Larry will not kiss. You could be to move over to head with a sledgehammer and if he thought he could get some ratings out of it, like the night after the shootings out there are a lot of sandals. And if the show starts tonight, tonight, and when no respect, no like remorse, no salemnity, just like hey, show business, you know, the show must go on. Yeah, this is the guy that would have been, he could have been at Troblinka doing singing, there's no business like show business, doing a tap dance on that the god damn mages chambers. Sick, sick, sick bastard. And no, I didn't have to watch it and I rarely do other than a couple minutes of channel servant, but I watched it in just shock and amazement because I knew I was going to talk about it today. Take it to myself, how? I mean, I realized that you know, you can, you could rationalize away to kiss somebody else's ass, but two bad Ted Bundy couldn't still be alive. You could talk about what a charming guy he was. And never stole a freight train, don't forget that. Cruel spring, hello. New. Yes, sir. The point at which I fell out of the chair was when David Berkwell was said that he is now a counselor for the prisoner. Right. That he counsels them and he's a minister. He's a minister. He's that word, too. Well, the minister part is all a bunch of BS to me, but a counselor. I mean, come on. What is this guy talking about on the scan? How do you know, you know, get the pretend you've found Christ in prison, maybe they'll let you out. That's all these counseling amounts. And the dog done it. Right. It's just a humble evening. No matter what he asked him, oh, well, that's a blank period. It was a dark period. It's all blank in my mind. And then he'll write back to the crap about God and the book and all this other horsecraft. I had to turn it off. Otherwise, I would have puked all over my four. How can this be? How can they put this crap on worldwide television? And nobody gets pissed off? They don't put anything on TV, Neil. It doesn't matter anymore. I'd rather watch a Ron Popeille information for 20 hours with my hand side behind my back than watch you that crap again. As long as it doesn't have nudity or or some of the charities they'll put it on to you. As long as it's not entertaining, right? Exactly. Okay. Thanks. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Like I said, the public is sitting out there. Eeeeh, he got a gare. Wait, I'll give a crap. That's why every guy didn't think they put on television as you got them scammed in a rip off. That's ever written to your course. You rub it? Yeah, quit rubbing it. All in by the way, I hate to burst your bubble so to speak. You know, who is unbelievably grotesque and ugly, even earlier than Nick of 98 degrees? Christina Aguilario, they had a teen as a word show. Oh, on Fox last week, which is horrible show, by the way. And they give the words to whoever was in the country. Back to the voice, couldn't get any words because they were still in Europe when they dated. Does anybody believe their Jennifer Lopez was the hottest single of the summer? No, no, but she was there. But Christina Aguilario, don't get it. I'm telling you, she is grotesque. She is living proof that camera angles and a lot of makeup can make anybody look lovely. Except for her. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Talking about Bible suffers and believe me, I could give a crap about this, but I'm watching four class nine out. They have a little ticker tape on the bottom. Yeah. Here comes. Dolphinsine, off the wavers, underwoods on the Viking. Right. Another, a whole, on our team. Right. Another problem. Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy's rehab beer. Yeah. No kid, this guy you heard about him, right? Yes. So the money and took off to be a preacher. Uh-huh. And said the money and who cares about anybody else. Right. You know, hey, listen, he's coming on just a time when they're getting all excited about Cecil and Robert Baker. This, this town is like all the sports fans. They don't care about that. They don't care how many people you kill. How many of your freight trains you stole as long as you can help us win in one fact. That's all they care about. And it's disgusting. No kid, that cost me a douchebag. Yes, sir. Thank you. You're insurance, selling douchebags. Okay. Yeah. Jimmy's, that's why I told you they had to bring in Dave Wants that he's the team of a per award in this year. The only team in the NFL. It's got its own award in 567560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Maybe it'll be a stroke of luck. Maybe I'll be the only one in the other guy to call a couple minutes ago that saw that Larry King tobacco last night. As many as many people have saw this son of Sam will be nice going air spikily again, as Spike really hits it on the head. And he's asking questions like, well, what do you think about spikily and about his family? And what is that? What does that have to do with anything? Like we want his opinion on filmmakers and on the society, on on sociology and on human relations and etc. And so on. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. I'll give a lubricant for the new millennium. Get Y2, KY Jelly. The first whole lubricant for home. The car, the both or the office lubricates appliances. Spike, so long, Mohr. The chainsaw. Grandma's wheels here. I'm falling. The beatie gun. The bow and arrow. Why are you on the cast? Why do KY Jelly? Available at why do you came on? So what's Rodlin sense in peppermint this morning? Well, we need the peppermint now. 1031 at 560 WQM 560 5050 5050 on the mobile one on. Here's a great thanks from the same person that by the way was absent. We asked Eddie Rippen me about Jan and Dean, you know, to stand writing, but here's some good news from this clown from his geek. Just to let you know, Tom Green is trying to make a movie. It'll highlight a holistic stuff that he does. It'll be out this winter. Says the, how do you like that? See, that's what ought to be on worldwide every night. I'm CNN between nine and 10 o'clock. Not some askissing clown hunchback. Something that I give people to you. You're getting all the crap with that crap. What that ad fucking. And this does the thing I really crashed me up there. The Howard school boarder having a big meeting again today in a one teacher springer. He says, well, well, maybe I was a bad judgment. I should have done this bull crap. That's the kind of crap that people are worried about. If anything was obscene, okay? The act looking that was done on CNN last night of a convicted mass murderer was the most obscene act I've ever seen in my life. They could have put Debbie does Dallas on there. They could have put every guy damn portable. We'll be able to make and would have been nearly as obscene or as pornographic as the crap of this scene. This hunchback sitting there trying to glamorize a mass murderer on worldwide TV. Disgusting, gross, test unacceptable. Ted, turn you got a barrier. God, him, head and shame. You got a buried in Jane Finders record. You're still speaking, which I doubt. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the mobile one line. And like I said, the public out there. Yeah, how we don't know. Wait, I'll care. What's for lunch? And you know something that I'll show yesterday that I have one call about the macaroni grill. Oh, no. Not one call about it. After I told you our great dining experience there that was only that was only blocks by the fact that they had that guy from the kitchen come out that young shfarts are stand up on the table and sing whatever that song was. Old black magic something like that. But he broke into swanney river. I just about lost it. That was that was that was too much for me in the middle of an Italian restaurant. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Hey, yeah, I don't. But hey, sir. Hey, listen, I was watching that Larry King last night. Now is waiting. I was waiting for him to jump on this guy. Yeah. You know, he had how many times do you let a guy get off the hook and keep going back to that Bible crap? Anybody else after about the third time that he pulled that crap out of just got pulled the microphone off. So we're ending the interview blow out your ass. Yeah, many says I was in a call and he says it was kind of a call. He never even asked him what he was in no call. He's just a maniac. maniac with a Bible in his hand preaching that he used to you. He's starting over to God. I would like to see about seven or eight of the family members of the victims sitting there next to Larry King asked him some questions. Yeah, I don't like seeing there are pulling the few hairs on Larry said would have been great. I couldn't believe he didn't jump on him once. And then he says, are you going to be envious to me? What I walk out of here and you're not and he goes, no, no. Yeah, who now wants to look like that? These are how you couldn't believe it. Well, Neil, have a good day. Thanks for the report. The worst talk radio I've heard in my life with NWOD. Thank you. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking of a serpent on the teenager wars that you see that girl. I just had the switch on she was like, wait, totally wait, they were holding her up. No, she wasn't wasted. She was that was the make a wish foundation. They brought her out. She was like, whatever she had, you know, we started. Oh, was that the one that came out? I think I was going to bar for that, which I don't think they were prepared for that, but that's what she said. And then, of course, the 98 degrees could. They also thought that we're going to bar because she would, you know, she wouldn't let go of them. Nick is special. She got a lot of the him and she wouldn't let go. Right. Of course, I guess I would need to even let go of it. But I'm not less. Well, I'm sorry. There was that with the story. Listen, I've got a story about this asshole in the 70s. You remember, gold triangle was down here? Yeah. Okay. I was working with gold triangle and that they were doing credit. They were trying to sign up as many people as they could. And they had an unlimited card. If you were approved and you had good credit, they gave you an unlimited card. Long as five hundreds of thousands of dollars in an ever-checked you. Right. And I didn't know. I was fairly young then. I thought very cheap was on the radio. Who was it all right, guys? Yeah. So I knew that for the measure. I got an unlimited card. Well, you know what happened to that? Yeah, exactly. And then he almost got the guy a lot of losses shot. They still got a draw full of bad checks that he bounced at the, I think it's a gulstrum. I think that's the track. I believe you think that the guy would have a little kind of made million with $40,000. His public relations people keep saying, oh yeah, he feels real bad. He's going to come back and pay these people back. Never paid anybody back. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. I'd die. Half of the people are already dead. They're pushing up Daisy. Get that right. I guess is what he's counting on. Yeah. Incredible. All right. Love you, Neil. Okay, so you see a gold triangle. Not that's probably why they're out of business. Larry King did to them. What the old farts did to the puppernics. Put him out out of business by stealing all silverware and sweeten low. I'd go on Larry, you piece of scumb. Oh, he just did that. Come back. 560, 50560, pound five 60, unimobile one line. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Yeah, sir. You know, the funniest thing also when Spike was with all of the set because Kirk was mentioning his show. Mike was upset. Yeah. It's because, because, because, because, because, because, because, because, because, because, because, because said by Spike, you and your wife and your children, he named off his wife and his wife and his wife. All right. I didn't see that. This was when the movie first came out and Spike was upset that that happened. What are you doing? Making a movie about a live serial killer. You idiots. That nobody wanted to see in that all the critics just ripped the crap out of it. Right. Yeah. That's also an, uh, the local family, uh, values. No, here we have seen green. Is you here about that? No. For a player? I've busted again. It's been in five years in jail for, uh, not paying child support. Oh, right. Yeah. So here we go. Another quality, uh, people and what about more Clayton? We have it in more Clayton. Same thing. I really? Uh-huh. Uh, Karate Armstrong. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. Call me you dark baby. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty at a mobile one. All these outstanding criminals out there. We don't care. We want to win. We want to win. We don't care. We don't got no principles. We just want to win. You see, I see not only are the, uh, the guys that are doing the act, not only they scumbags, but people who support them with that, who we want to win. You're just as bad as they are. You're also a scumbag. I don't care how many, you know, I don't want to say it. I don't want to say that I'm hoping that they lose a whole bunch of games this year. That would be bad. Wouldn't that be bad to say that? That would be really bad. Well, you know, anybody like Jimmy Johnson who just to was principal right out the window, which is, hey, I'm any scumbag that nobody also take. We'll get a macho. Because we could be something special. We could be special. Yeah, maybe special ed. Maybe that's what you need over there. And Dolphin can't special ed. Don't have a bonus book. If you've got chips that had cracked or broken implants, then you need implant crafters at them all. At implant crafters, we've got a silicone mill right in the store. So we can make you shiny new ones in about an hour. I broke up my implants brain. Oh, 60. Hey, Dolphin. Next thing I went to implant crafters at them all. I dropped up the broken bear. What's the radio shack to get a hearing aid battery? And by the time I got back, my implants were ready. implant crafters at them all this week special by two get one free. Head 43 at five 60 WCN. In fact, I think CNN, if they wanted to get some real numbers in there, should be placed within an hour like a hot young naked people like an MTV. Get about a 95 year I'll tell you right now. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Bye bye. I don't want to be the voice of Duman Gloon here on a Tuesday because I'm feeling really great. In fact, I'm looking forward to two or three more lunches today. Popbell burry to skate at all Russian camp. How do you like that? At the Gold Coast Ice Arena and Pompino starting today. I've gone out of Popbell, stay healthy. Maybe because a lot of jobs are depending on it. And then you go later into this article by Michael Russo. I realize it's only August 17, but nevertheless, it'll be another month. Three days less than a month for the first exhibition this game over there in four miles. Nothing on trade. It says. What a shock. There had been speculation the Panthers wanted to acquire Alexey Yashin or Carolina's Keith Primo, but Chuck Fletcher says he doesn't anticipate personnel moves before camp. They're going to look at this one and look at that one and analyze and Brian Marie says nothing's on the front burner as far as any trade are concerned. Nothing's on the front burner as far as any trade are concerned. But they're going to be shine sushi space wreck. That'll get everything all iced up. Get ready for another long season baby hold on tight the same old tired faces. 560560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. Got a great facts here from a guy named Tom Dumphi who lives in a mirror bar. Copy of letter. He sent to the Sun Sentinel about the Marlins ballpark and all of his theory. You see, they're there philosophy. It's kind of like a bob green thing. Who used to say it's not a question of if it's a question of when their thing is it's not a question of if it's a question of where in other words they're trying to convince you and I told you this is the scan that they're pulling oh yeah it's a done deal. It's just we're just going to pick and choose where John Henry wants it and which politicians will sweeten the deal of us. So it's not a question of if we're going to get that new state and even though nobody in town wants it. But just a question of where and they just keep plowing right ahead like it's a fatal company and the public is sitting back there you know like I said oh yeah until it gets on a ballot and then they'll see just like the penny sales tax how long the public is going to say yeah then they'll find out the public remembers that one short word that worked for you a while last time as in no way Jose no more Mar for our god damn money for bidding yours. Here's Miami hello. Hey, New York are you doing okay sir. You're being great today huh. Yes I am so far. I'm not really I want to call you by the week a week and a half ago from Atlanta Georgia and I went all the way down the New York and I was coming back two days ago I felt just horrible just being the miles that closer and closer to Miami. Uh huh and you're happy every time. He just it just feels horrible Neil. It's like walking out of the plane into that jetway and feeling the heat and humidity hits you in the face and you know for sure you're back here. Exactly. Every time. I missed you so far we're going to have an in yesterday I finally caught the last two hours over it was great and I got a shameless request for Joe the Gaggy Spock and he's a national. Okay thank you thanks to the bull and pal. What do you say? Joe's a Gaggy Spock. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and by the way Joe's a Gaggy afters day we're looking forward to this tomorrow by the way we got because Hank is back on vacation San Diego again. We got the great bills in for on the telephone from Philadelphia on a phone line where's no idea what's going on down here at the course of the down here as any idea who he is voice it off and remember him bills in for a member. No. No. And then on Thursday because in for evidently didn't want to be on two days and row that's too embarrassing even for him and probably asked you to send the ego for that game. Thursday because everybody's out of the end by the way. Loft Lindsey says he wants me to apologize to the entire audience because he has no other choices get off you'd do. Yeah. 2 to 4 30 on Thursday we got. Jersey Gaggy. How do you like that? Philly in for the Humper. That is it is so unbelievable. So unacceptable. In fact it's so bad that he only is going to put him on for two and a half hours. Now we got oh yeah Josh in Orlando Josh there on Orlando Elzaguri after that. To show you how desperate we really are. Shows a Gaggy here on WQ and the only AM station in town that's got anybody under the age of a hundred listening to it and we're putting the dead man on year for two and a half hours. Here's Pompano. Hello. The only time we ever had anybody say anything good about Joe's a Gaggy was when the 13 Andrew. Yeah. That was the only kind of say some of the Gaggy really got killed. Yeah. I mean you got to get the guy credit for that but he was shortly after that by the way. I would be fired as a. Just weeks after that happened they fired as a. I remember that you were not here on everything but you're sucking it on here. You know something he could be a good president of Kated 80s that bland and boring. Yeah he and Elgore and Bill Bradley and Steve Forbes. I was channeled and don't forget Lydia Doyle, Lydia. I don't even want to think politics. I just don't. I was watching the Southern Stamping as I was flipping through the channels and I said wow David Berkowitz. I'll watch it for a few minutes. Joe, we write back to watching something else like wrestling. I mean I just couldn't stand. I've been doing this a long time. Yeah he's absolutely ridiculous. I mean I don't know anybody they want to see that summer of sand movie because Spike Lee is such a yeah buckshunter. You know I was hoping I was watching him. I was watching him for five minutes so I was watching Berkowitz and I wasn't a beam the mayor back then. Yeah. Okay. Now who was the governor? Was the Rockefeller's I tuned it a little way. No probably who carry out with them. Okay that was 76, 77. I thought I rock-and-seller had become divided. Yeah but I'm not trying for it. It was for him. Okay you absolutely write about that. And I'm watching you just stand in my stuff. Okay, you know whenever something on our planet attainment would it they talk about bundle or richer spec or something. I want you just to try to figure out what you get something out of it. And Berkowitz like well you know what what can I say here's one of the few other than Manson here's one of the few Mans murderers who still alive and he puts the gun for an hour and kisses his ass. And then let's undo this phony born again speel and then and then says oh well we're all waiting for you to say a prayer at the end. Like America is just waiting with baited breath to see if it's a sincere or not. And it keeps promulgating the fact that well there were other people involved in some of them were dead and some of them were rewarding met. Yeah what's going to happen to them. That's all very foggy to him because you know he's concentrating now and God has forgiven them etc and so on. He's very confused. It's all blacked out. Oh it's ridiculous. And regarding John Henry and the marlins if they had tried to get a stadium in the first couple of years like he's crazy it must be nuts. Yeah I actually I mean if I could feel sorry for a millioner but he had the guys the business man he should have known he was going to be stepping into when he took over the marlins he had 1% ownership of the Yankees the best team in base block. Not a base block fan as much as I used to be but he had 1% of a world series winner. I'd rather have that than 100% of a loser a losing proposition like the marlins. But I mean the guy is I don't remember he and Wayne are joined to tip and let anybody give you a song of events that they're not the two of them are joined to tip. Yeah but he's also buddy buddy with airs and well oh there that's even worse. Yeah he I think there's been a Wayne on one hip in the man they split in the Mickey on the other hip. That's why he's going to try to put that's why he's going to try to put the stadium down and when he might have something to be such good buddies with Mickey why does he have Mickey given the money to build a goddamn stadium? How's that sound? Right down there downtown Miami right by the goddamn American Airlines of Shamarina. On there Mickey's got to do a thought there wasn't a couple about them coming to the store. Then we could put another slip in there for another cruise ship for Mickey and all the gambling ships they're kicking them up but Mickey you know what can we do for you? You're right about that. So you're going to say for all the tourists out of here in the drain all the money out of our economy. You're right about that you know so many people I know they used the love base block the strike of 1994. That was it. That was the end for me I'll watch a little bit out of boredom on TV channel surfing but it's it's terminal. You know and the thing is that and you know something if it wouldn't have been I mean they looked out two years in a row. If it wouldn't have been for the social and aguarding last year and now again this is telling hits 47 last night they're time. If it weren't for that I mean they could take the whole thing and flush it down the toilet. I don't care about tight penit races or wildtrips you know that that's not a big deal except for the people in those markets but if it weren't for that there would be no interest they'd be finished. Yeah I mean a cow ripped and that's why they wound those baseball so goddamn tight. A cow ripped was like the only other thing of like $24.95 that day they say really say baseball. When you see the kid that used to play what does his name Jay from the appirates used to play short stuff. Jay bail 29 home runs. This guy's a home run hitter like I'm a home run hitter 29 home runs they've got the ball wound as tight as a golf ball. It makes a mockery of all the statistics and they're only doing it because they're desperate. Yep you're right about that. You can take their baseball and they can shove it up the guy damn Hershey highway and we'll never miss it for a minute. Well hey they were the one other thing they'll let you go in Seattle they build a brand new stadium. Another thing is go be $100 million in cost overrun. Yeah and the Mariners is saying to the community if you don't put up $100 million there's no way we're going to be able to keep grippy and rod rega the two guys that are pretty team like they did here. Yeah I was with Randy Johnson the two guys are the reason that the Mariners were at all a success. So I'm so I'm so I go to show you that just building a new stadium and spending all of that money. No guarantee you're going to have a contender even a decent team as the Orioles have proved with their $80 million and the Dodgers have proved with their pae rule doesn't mean craft. It's worth an enclosing art little bit from the court of that your douchebag. Okay. Okay. Nobody Qm invited the abok.com. WQM celebrity golf tournament that's what the ruhr. The mind you presented by Mick a little beer Friday September 24th at Logo will a more country club and plantation. Porsons of the proceeds to benefit center 1 brought to you by Rolling Shield citizen shade. Powerize.com and infinity O'n One New year'll understand for more one information called 305-60501-63. How does that task force do it by the way on the alternate? They're coming along okay? Oh, good. See, Tracy don't carry in. Gonna be here anyway. 5605-60, pound-560 on the mobile one line. Remember that is? And I'm just thinking about I sure would hate to see him get busted one of those. See, you get him busted one of those swing clubs just before he leaves town. That would be bad. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Okay, sir. All right. Wanna talk to the macaroni girl? Yeah, what did you go to? The one on the University in Broward. In plantation? Right. What did I have? Yeah, what did I have? 14-year soup. Was very good. What about a mushroom soup? Right. What do I call it? Yeah, for the bellion. Yeah, well-sinting. fancy mushrooms. I don't remember. I had pasta with passion beating and a great bread. You know those are loads of fried bread. It's like we'll cut you. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what. I just spoke to my manager over the Pembroke Pine Store anytime you want to come in. It's on the house. Really? Yeah. We're pined in I-75. Okay. So the new George, whatever the way we want to bring in, see it about an hour. Is that an hour? Is that an hour? Is that an hour? Is that an hour for Roger Drew, Mike Ham or her John? Yeah, but you better make sure I give you a business card because there'll be 15-year Rogers coming there between now and midnight. I guarantee you the Pembroke Pine Store loves you. No, which it works right. Okay. Well, let's send the strikes against me already. But let me ask you this. You don't have some guy from the kitchen that stands up on the table in sings in the middle of my meal. Actually we have three singers, but they're all saying a county in opera. Who swan you river? Yeah. Whatever. But if you want, we know a man river. No, not on that. If you want, we can get a couple of servers to come on and sing just below me. Little kids, we walk around singing your bit more. Okay. You love you. See you. All right. Soon. Okay. There you go. More free food. That's here. Okay. We got that taken here. Now let's work on Godfather's. Oh, seriously, that's where I come in here for every day. You should know that by now after all these years we come in here to get some free food. School of roundway for a check. George is waiting for his bonus check now. See this is something we can all laugh about except for you that, you know, needs the money desperately. But and you're good buddy Greg was in there this morning. You mentioned anything about your bonus check. Oh, see this? This is the problem. Just like after the ratings come out and I said, let's get a call ponytail and have a whole bunch of food in here and you and that really shocked the economy. Just shocked me. Shock me. Bluff a stand in there when you're saying, oh, do you think we could ask Greg, would be okay if like we have to ask his permission. Like we're going to pee on his parade if we want to have a million. He's going to want to do the work having one of their food. Well, I don't care if they're having one put in the guy name hallway. It'll disappear. I put it on a copy machine. It'll disappear about 30 seconds. We have to ask Greg his permission to see if we can get free food in here to feed the troops. Well, what a pussy you'll be and you know, and it doesn't help you still like it. The guy that bonus check killer couldn't ready over their enables, the measles. That's who Larry King ought to have on here. Forget about David Birchowitz. You talk about Axe murder. You ought to have the measles on there. They ought to be on God name death. You're all the whole bunch of them from what I hear unbelievable. Just for not paying their bills that alone. It's just criminal. There are people on death row for lesser crimes than they come at around this place. 560560, pound 560, animal mobile one line. So what are we going to do about lunch today? Let's get God father, sir. Seriously, I can't believe nobody from four miles is calling you the address yesterday. 14690 Metro Parkway and four miles. I'm trying to turn you people on a great pizza joint. Of course, I say great pizza joint. It's years and years since I was in that one and sunset down in Kendall. Man, it was a good place. Right, Harvey here. I bet you he'd not look too good anymore either. That's the analysis about 20 years ago. They're in Gainesville, they're in Newport, Richie, they're in Orlando, they're in Palm Harbor, Pensacola, Penelas Parkport, Charlottesburg, Hills Saint Petersburg. They're in Storota, even Valrico, and Venice, Thurol Beach, winter Springs, Castlebury, Braintin, Daytona. They're all over the goddamn state. Are they here? Anything you're good? Anything good, except they show. It's everywhere else in the state, but it's not here. Pathetic. And did we get any more information about my stake in shaking plantation on the Panther Parkway? That's supposedly coming? No. Oh, and there's that queen. Yeah, that's what we haven't seen sand by the way, our promotions are shanned. He ended up here tonight. He looked as what I hear. What read it, you badly? I know that was born like a fish in the ocean, but she was from Newport, they're not found around the show. That sounds neat, you yant nice? They say they know, you forget's me. Welp! Okay. Welp! If you blow me, just one thing, I want to give you a kiss. Oh, right. One day, thank you. What you blow me? Just one day, thank you. Just one day, thank you. Well, I've got that calendar a little bit. A busy, a lot of free meals, pretty silly. Got that invitation from, what is it, New York, Brian? Is that it in Boca? See, I don't know about you. Well, I do know about you. You go anywhere for a free meal. You would go all the way to God damn Jacksonville for a free steak dinner, if somebody would buy the gas. But going all the way up to Boca for a steak dinner, I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Well, it was $100 gift to do it. In fact, I think there's a message in my answering machine from a Rimmerstone. You just have to be going up to Boca one of these days very soon. But at any rate, we got that one pending and now we got the natural really great. See, I don't understand. I'm very grateful to the guy from the Pembroke Pines from that location we're calling in. And Gary Sartotel is going to just go into that. So I'd have Macaroni grill a big contract here on the station, which we're going to call me Sartotel. All I said about because it's a good joint. But in the audience, is there anybody called in? That's ever eaten there? It's got anything to say? Oh, I don't understand this crowd. You know, I realize it's a summertime and I realize that day by day between now and Labor Day, I mean, you talk about thinning out even my hair hasn't been to now like this town has. But there's got to be somebody. There were a whole bunch of people in there that night last whatever night it was. Thursday, damn good stuff. He called it for Katsya. It's like for Katsya, but it's like, I don't know, how to describe it. Fresh baked round thing in loaf of bread with all kinds of herbs and spices and stuff and it and you just dip it in that olive oil, shmurod dinner. I don't even eat bread. And I had what six, seven loaves it lazy. Here's a mobile info, Latterdale. Hello. Mobile info, Latterdale. Going once, 19 minutes and 16 seconds later and on gone. Thank you. Thanks for holding on. It's speaking about here on five 60 year WQF, your patient station for the 90s. Not. I have a feeling this is going to take a turn for the worst of it. You know, I came into they feeling so good. I have no idea why because that goddamn little dog of mine. You know, every time it's thunder's about 10 miles away, thunder lightning, he starts in like, it just gets worse every year. It's worse and worse and worse and worse. And I keep thinking of the veg just how perfectly that my microwave oven was made for him. Perfect size. Kept me up all God day night finally four in a morning. I fell asleep three hours late by head as well. And I still feel great. But I just had this sneaking feeling. And you know who else didn't call us by the way yesterday. My good post personal friend, Sherry from Boka. I went out of my way to get those backseat boys to get for her and her a decent daughter. And I got him sitting right over here and she never called in the ass form. And I was wrong with you, Sherry. Here's a lady in Westchester. Hello. Oh, good morning, Neil. Yes, man. I love your show and I'm going to talk about macaroni grill. All right. I heard just the end of what you had yesterday. But I heard the gentleman a few calls before asked you what your on tray was. That's what I was going to ask you. Yeah, I'm going to mistake. I had the pasta with me was okay. But I think they pre-cooked the pasta and they leave it which I don't like that. You know, it should be cooked. I'll then take the order but it wasn't. Right. But you know, I wanted that. It was pretty good. But I mean everything else was great. And the desserts aren't to die for. The dessert was, oh, if I knew the dessert was that good, I would just skip everything. I'll send to them. Right. I haven't been there in a while. We want to go back. You know, you forget about. Yeah. Now did they say that old black magic when you went there? Oh, no. It was before that. But I wanted to ask you. Did you know that I would call that a medium price rest. I wouldn't use it. Yes. And I've heard from restaurant tours that a lot of the medium price restaurants. I love all of oil and I cook Italian. They don't use olive oil. A lot of them don't use milk. Oh, well, they should use the little thing there. They have a bottle of extra oil. I was going to leave a right on the table. I was going to tell you about the bottle on the table. I was very impressed with that. But I mean, that sort of just goes with it. But I wanted to ask you, when you're in, I've never been to Italy. But when you're in Italy, even in the moment-pops places, today cooked with the olive oil and put the bottle out. Oh, sure. Yeah. Because of three deculus Italian foods, the one of the basic things is olive oil. Yeah. And I love eggplant. And I cook it. I see it in a roll and in central and southern Italy, they use a lot of olive oil. And Northern Italy, they're more into the butter. Like in Milan and that part of Italy. Right. Right. And also besoto and that crap, you know, all of that. Yeah. But I mean, that's one of the main things. And I do like macaroni grilles. And we're going to go back. Great. I'll mention my name. Just tell me your new rod. You know, so yeah. I have a great day, sweet day. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. Guys, guys from the kitchen, Tom, please don't come back soon. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I guess we're struck it out with the godfather's thing. Uh-huh. We'll note that yesterday. I'm just depressed. And you know something, maybe it's not anywhere near as good as it used to be anyway. Because they were talking yesterday about how all well it's the thin and crispy. See, maybe that's what they went down the old, the furlet. Try to emulate pizza. Why would you want emulate pizza on the first place? I mean, I would all do respect to my old friend, red, who's a great guy. And brought us a lot of great pizza in say they a hundred years ago. You don't work for them anymore anyway. So what's the difference is it make? But I mean, pizza hot is, it's okay. You know what bothers me the most about pizza hot? It's inconsistent. It depends on which one you order from, what they at the week it is, which kids happen to be working there at that moment. Uh, you know, who's got the greasy dirty hands? I mean, it's just, it's never the same. At least with dominoes, you know what you're getting. Crap. Don't admit on the air that you had dominoes last night because people who lose what little respect they may have left for. They'll lose. I mean, why would you admit that? Wasn't up to me. Why would you have told me that even? Come on, you should be press because it got me thinking about going. But what kind of people you're hanging out with that we're ordering dominoes? Come back. What kind of scumbags would it must have been your relatives or so, Rhett? Low lives. No. Oh, you're in laws. Oh, I'm sorry. Five six. Well, that's what you always say. Oh, that made it worse. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th. Do I know where he's watching Jerry Spirier or something? Oh, anyway, she's not listening. Sorry, crystal. I do like you daughter though. Finally, child, Aaron's coming on Ashley Luzband. You boys, you boys in now, you stay still. That's what you're doing. You're still in, you stay still. That's what you're doing. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in, you're still in. You're still in. That's just not one. We're going to have to think about that long and hard. It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQM. We went to the breakway at like 240 calls waiting on the board. They were smoking. It was sizzling. And of course, now there are three. So, I close here, man. It's not like the old days. We come out in this all the time off the. We sit around. We come as a rate. We mown and we grown. Well, it's right like the old days. But the money's a lot better. If you ever get it. 5.6705. 60. It's not a question of if it's a question of when. That's the philosophy in this business. Especially the B's Lee B people. You'll get paid eventually. If you have a lot of patients and you can survive the bill collectors. Well, I've actually given it to you if we have to. If you hold a gun to our heads, we might look at the fork it over and a money too. Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a question. Yes. Concerning the baseball stadium. I'm listening. Okay. Why understanding is a state or county. You need a subabond issue based on the revenue from the marlins would be the pay to it would be the perfect way for them to raise 400 million dollars. Says who says he or says you, yeah. Yeah. No, it's been done for big projects everywhere. Why has it not been done possibly on this one? Who's eventually going to have to pay for that? The revenue from the marlins. And what if there's a shortfall? What if the marlins don't make the revenue? Well, I mean, they still have to pay for it anyway. Oh, they do. Yeah. They're not going to go for that. Well, it's a best way to get money without laying out money by individuals or taxes or paying all of John Henry and tell them that. Okay. You call them up and tell them. Because as far as I'm concerned, the answer is no matter what kind of funding the answer is there. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Still the same. No. No. Just get out of town. Just go away. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We got 6, 700, overlazed. I don't want to talk about John Henry and Julie pressing. I want to talk about the fact that they're going to try to put this over on a public because I'm very confident that if it goes out of ballot and date and brown or if it goes on anywhere, that's going to be the answer. Make it almost take about it. Here's Hylia. Hello. Neil, God. What's somebody? Yes, sir. Hey, young. Whatever you do, don't ever go to pizza, honey and Hylia. Yeah. Well, macaroni and grilled. That's a... They put those dead chickens on it. Oh, whatever they put on it. Who knows? You never know what they put on it. macaroni and grilled. Excellent place. The good price. Good food. But service sucks. At least I went to the one in Denver, Pindon. Yeah. You mean the guy that just called him in to go, Pete? Oh, I don't know. Yeah, he just called a few minutes ago and offered us to free me. Also, you know, maybe for you the service was bad. Next time, I'll mention my name and service will be a lot better. Oh, I hope so. Yeah, because you'll tell him that if you don't get real good service, you'll tell me about it. We'll put it on your rip in the ass. I couldn't have said it better myself, pal. Oh, yeah. That's that a while. He said it just the way you're on a sale. We don't want to pay for that crap. Only he spelled crap with an S.H. Nice going, sir. God bless you. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T wireless line. Twenty or thirty thousand open lines. And the audience is dead as a freaking door news. You're not going to bring me down today, baby. I'm counting those days. I'm counting those days till vacation. I'm counting the days, the minutes, and the hours. Just look on our website on thearajus.com and you'll see some other days that I'm counting too. Okay. Countdown the weeks in the days in the months. So I could say goodbye. Thank you so much for making me bang this speak to every day for the last 25 years. 26, whatever it will be at that point. Thank you so much for your. And you know something maybe I think about this every once in a while. I'll all the way really doubt it. But I'm trying to give this area the benefit of the night. Maybe I have a really jaded view of South Florida because of the fact that, you know, my relationship with this town is based on these four hours every day of my life between 10 am and 2 pm. Maybe there's a lot of really friendly folks out there and really out goal and and really bright. And this is a real activist kind of a place in a fun place to live at. You know, and maybe it's just, ah. Yeah, that might be a these lifeless scumbags that I try to motivate every day between 10 and 2. Maybe they've jaded my view of this town. No. Give me a really wrong impression about it. It's all about it. That's impossible. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. Great. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Yes sir. Okay. Great. Okay. No. No. No. No. The beesleys are the cheapest bansers in the phase. They make the French Canadians look like big timbers. Hi, Harriet. Hey, listen. I love your show. Man, ah, glad to use left wing, radical tricines over here having shut you down yet. I'm pulling you on the cellular so they don't trade. Through the number. Screw him. That'd probably enjoy. Put a smile on the plate. Hey, I heard there's a godfather's over here on Metro. Yes sir. I work over there. I'm going to get what you're trying. I'm going to give you a report. Which I tried. The adrenaline. I'll try the effect. The a deep dish. The append pita. That was their original thing. It's the best. All right. I'm going to get them to try today. You still want to be a place of north and uh, Connecticut. Yeah. Good pieces. Like, and haven't had any sort of music order. Well, this is a lot different. I mean, it's really unique. If there's still making it the way that it years ago, but it's really out of this world. All right. I'll give you a call back tomorrow. Okay. And thanks for the show. Thanks. Yeah. There you go. See, I totally get a guy from four. Myers. He always got a pay on his dime. He's going over to Godfather's to give it a try. Great stuff. If it's like it used to be, but of course, she never know. We'll find out from this guy tomorrow. He's going to be a little bit more powerful. He used to be because he never was there before. So what's he got to get you up against? You don't sense? You follow what I'm, yeah. But give it a shot. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the AT&T, wireless line as we keep banging away and banging away and banging away. Just like Peter Northman, banging away. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Recommendation for you. Yeah. Any speech in coconut creek? No. You've been there? No. Well, I want to go to coconut creek for Pete. Well, since if you happen to be there, you know. You're looking for Pete today. Even with a crust. I'm going to move for Pete to hot to thank, Chris. In a town where, unfortunately, franchise pizza is the best we can do. Any pizza is something that definitely stands out if you ever in the area. And it's not like I worked there. I don't, I swear. I don't. I'm just telling you, I used to live in coral springs. And I used to go there all the time. The pizza is excellent. The slices are huge. The prices are great. If you ever in the area, you should definitely look to check it out. Okay. And I just had another question for you, Neil. First of all, I'm a long time first time. Okay. I love your show. If self-law to is that bad. Yeah. And I'm not trying to be antagonistic or anything like that. Yeah. Why is it that you say? It's called the twice a month getting a very big check. Sorry, I'm the up. Okay. That's the answer. That's the only answer. There is no other answer. There is nothing else about it that I like here. Nothing. Zero. I mean, I could lie to you. I could make up a big song on a dance. That's the only reason. Well, that's, you know what? There's more for me. Big, you mungous fact check twice a month. Sign me up. Okay, well, love your show. See you at Annie's. Okay. By the way, how's Annie doing on guiding lights? You're not late. Oh, so you're no more. The prince and the prince has sent all that other stuff. And now we find a little boy. He's still alive. How do you like that? At the end of the show yesterday, there I'm guiding light. As it keeps getting worse and worse and worse. Thank God, it's a little young Billy all of a sudden grew up. And sprouted into a fine young lady, a young man, whatever she is. And just at the moment at Bill and by the way, is there anybody in this audience? Does anybody named PLR? Do you know anybody in any girls named PLR? Huh? No. Only I'm guiding light could we have some bitch who's by the way Puerto Rican, but her name is PLR and her family's the only mob family in Springfield. You're following this so far? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Here's a four-waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's going on? How you doing, sir? Not bad. I've got a great participatory with you. Go ahead. Actually, I've got a great response, yes. The bread is great. The actual house one is in bed in a sharpening. And it gives a big jug and it's kind of on the honor system there. Yeah. How many glasses do you drink? How many glasses do you drink? How many is love to the big jugs. But actually, there aren't trays. I mean, I've eaten a couple of times. There aren't trays are kind of disappointing. Really? Yeah. I don't know what it is. A couple of dishes I had are kind of bland. And one time we had dessert was good. I could keep mentioning that. But I don't know. I'm sure the desserts were great. I mean, I'm going to, you know, something in fact, I had the Amorado cake that's in the caramel sauce, you know. And they give you a big, big desserts to which is the last thing I need. But I had it anyway. And they had another dessert that was just too big. I thought that's going to pull you to a dive at a coma. It's a big chocolate square. Have you seen that? Because they bring you the whole dessert. Yeah. Yes. The big chocolate square would like the whipped cream on the sides. And then they pour hot hot fudge on it. Actually, had that. Oh, really good. Was that good? That was actually awesome. The entree is, I mean, I think it's a decent place. Um, but you know, I was wondering if you were going to do the wrong thing. I mean, I'm going to be able to. Because the pasta was definitely, it was okay. And that's it was bad. But you had the feeling that it was like, you know, cooked like before. And then reheated, which is places that do that was pasta. That's not a good idea. You always make it because it only took how long is it? Take different pasta anyway. You know, eight minutes, ten minutes. Cook it all, then say. That's right. A, one thing about this perka with thing last night. Hey, why would he even give him any kind of spotlight? That's my point. And then put him on your kisses. And why would see an informittis? This is the most outrageous crap I've ever seen in my life. And nobody cares about it. I think, well, you know, that show is. I didn't have a, I can't see. I'm just listening to, you know, your opinion on it. But I mean, why would he, well, like I said, why would he give him the spice? First of all, second of all, why, you know, the way you're telling it. I mean, why wouldn't he even, uh, pin them down and ask him some questions. I'm going to work on that. Every time he tried to ask him and he did it very gently with kid. Well, as maybe I thought it was going to get out of the chair and just the break. His neck was under. But every time he, even border button on a tough question about all the murders and why do you do this, he would like just evade it well. It's all a blank spot in my memory. And now I find the Lord and the Lord. I know he's forgiven me. And so I can, and it just a bunch of double talk of pilot crap. To that, he's shown self-allic. I, I, I'm doing this a long time. He's been doing that a long time, you know. I knew I'd take it easy. And see, and count them on the all the way to the bank. I guess, you know, forget about conscience. Just take the guy there money and run the bank like I said. Right Larry. Okay. Oh, speaking of music, by the way, I never asked about, and of course this audience will lay no about that group about Eve 6. And the video, uh, tongue tied from some movie, which we don't know the name of the summer, a soundtrack or some movie that, uh, this tingle thing I think is the movie. I got a couple of tingles watching the video, especially the drummer and the guy that they didn't sing in the video about Jesus God. Although I tell you want to, you can say what you bought about in Rica. You know something? It's good. You can say what I'm saying, more by his nose. You want to know why? No seriously, because if he didn't have that, he would be too perfect. And of course, to show that God doesn't want to make anybody too perfect. Yeah. It's like J.P. with all that hair on his body. You know, he came look like a walking quilt. Yeah. If he, if he had like no hair on his body, he'd be too perfect. And everybody would be like chasing and grabbing after him. Besides me. But in Rica, you can come on over here anytime. And by the way, will make sure Sam isn't here that day. Okay, we know that Sam doesn't know. He wouldn't know. And Rica, if he walked in here right now, Sam. Mr. wannabe, Mr. Latchon to the rest of the human race. Mr. I wish I were somebody, but I'm not. So let me stand in the background to get my picture made with famous people. And by the way, Sam, have been around lately. No. He's on his post vacation and recovery now. Hello, Austin. Hey, bro, how are you? 26 after 11 at 5.50 WQAM. Florida sucks. Hey, guys. Have you ever won a fight? Have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Yeah. When she asks, you need kids making the bet. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Hanking Message Service. Hello. Hi, honey. Hi, here. That you're having a little wait. Problem. Excuse me? At right. You've got more chance than a Chinese phone book. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Hanking Message Service, you can get it all off your chest. It's so never even know it's you. My gosh, you're 16. I've been smelling all the way over here. You little motherfucker. I'll tell you you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let or no. Call 1-800-Hanky-One. It's 1131 at 5.50 WQAM Hankover. It'll be here in the studio in our last before we take South for San Diego. Before we start with these awful fillings, the rest of the week. Oh, God. Bill's dimfer on a phone from Philadelphia on a goddamn ISDN. On tomorrow. And then Thursday, we got the worst of all possibilities. Jersey Gagging. I'll faint worse than death. And day that a lot of people will be distracted. I'll take an action to the radio on Thursday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It was like birthday to Spass weekend. And we went to Macaroni Grill. First time we've been there in years. Yeah. It was great. Absolutely great. There's a very reasonably priced under $11. And you're right. The dessert just blow your way. I love the dessert. Next time, I'm just going to bring the dessert tray to the table and just eat that. We have about six people. We share three desserts. You could have fed 12 with them. The other thing was, this morning on, before the today show, the local channel six, they interviewed the guy who owns all the franchises and pizza at the Miami, and he's a really nice, really nice, really nice. Yeah. So, you know, that tells you whether pizza's coming from and, you know, in consistent, never location. Okay. Okay. Whatever you said. Okay. Holy, oh, is it worth some consistent? I hate to break the news to you. But, you remember the guy who was telling about yesterday's got fathers? He was a Julio. And of course half his family won't have been jail. But nevertheless, what was his name? Now I forget. See it escapes me. Not a hobby or how could I, I will never forget. I never forget, hobby or as long as I live, believe me. Trust me what I tell you. Put it any right. They had the best name stuff going. What are we going to get? Where are we going to get? I mean, we love pizza loft. Of course. I mean, that's great. It's consistent. It's fantastic. And we love bread over the retones. But I'm just in the mood for something different today. I have like a bug up my friend for something different. Like maybe pizza. We don't know anybody at pizza. I thought that would send us some thin and crispy do we? There must be somebody listening to the pizza. I had somewhere close by us here in North Bay County, right up by county line road. There must be. Must and there. Not dominoes. I will not. I'm going to tell you if I ever if dominoes pizza ever was in this building and I knew it. I would leave the building until I knew the coach was clear. So guess who's on the phone. Pizza law. Are they close? The first one. What you almost said. Pizza loft? Yeah. No, no. You don't understand. We can have his stuff anytime. I'm not putting it down. It's great. We love him. No. The answer is no. We don't want to see him today. We want something different. OK. Turningnych is such a high sign to throw the food or home in the morning planes. Never saw it. All right. Really much. The bread is put in the accountant and the nurse gets kill. Yeah, our classy buddies have come from the world famous pizza loft over there on University drive They're going strong. It's good stuff. We just want something a little different here today. Is that okay? Is that so unusual? No, that's okay Or rather luck, I know we do we just we don't have any friends at pizza. How anymore? There's nothing around Now we got we got the stadium diner over there. We got our good buddy Chuck. We got Brad over there at Tony's There's nothing here. This is a vast wasteland Somebody will come up with something next to 20 minutes or so real soon five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's pepper pine. Hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir. All right First of all, I just want to say you help me get through my day Working bust in my butt out there and letting Oland out there and west and because we have the English Watch out for their pizza man. It's inconsistent is what I hear. I hear you. I hear you guys in Anyway, I think you're great. I love you. Yeah, like I said it help you get me through the day The small dish rules. I really have nothing more to say other than there are no good restaurants in this town Maybe your hand full yeah, and on that maybe like when I got a small handful yeah, right and on that on that stadium Issue yes people get real it sports. It's a game right it's like you know I hate to break the news to these people, but in the real world the public doesn't build a business for somebody else And then have them charged them to go there to uh, you know, subsidize them It doesn't make any sense in a world. It doesn't happen get with the real world Exactly. It's like I'm a chef. Okay. Hey my dream. I'm young my dream is to have my own restaurant Well, let's put a high-tech back and build you a nice restaurant for a few million You know, yeah, hey, you want you guys paid for my restaurant? That's why they call investors Go don't don't ask for the public for money. You're darn fools. Amen. All right, Neil. You take care and keep up the good work Don't want to be a chronic, but I love you and you're the best and have a great day. You too, buddy. Okay 567.0560. See this this business is a thing that you're gonna ram the stadium down to public strokes And you're just gonna like keep pwn on ahead. Oh, yeah, it's not a question of if it's just a question of where Which site is gonna be the best and who's gonna give them the best deal? And you'll notice one by one Davey says no for Lauderdale says no and before long they'll all say no when they realize that somebody's gonna stick their foot up there Right, though, and public's gonna vote them all on office if they don't cut the crap immediately. Not sooner If he such good buddies with Wayne and Mickey like the guy said before let them each pony up about a hundred million He can put up a hundred and fifty or two hundred million and that's the end of that building wrong goddamn stadium Okay, we're waiting for that blockbuster park do by the way. We're still holding our breath And And you just like the thing with building Wayne at bigger arena. Yeah, they put out a lot of money for Pablo Barry now Where's the rest of the team? Okay, we got three or four guys in it. They're pretty good. Where's the rest of the team after that? And mr. Spokesman changed this morning. Oh, well, we're not the close to any trades any deals. We're kind of standing pad Yeah, stand on this you better hope that disguise knee holds up real good You better pick them up and take them home in a limousine every day, mr The Russian rocket because if God forbid he gets hurt again. You can kiss that whole deal. Good bye You can kiss the Murray's goodby pack them a shabmarine sandwich Mitch cuz they'll be on the first bus to anywhere to Okaomkow Turnpike Plaza Here's a mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey good morning, no, yes, sir First thing well Godfather is disappeared from South Florida because dominance pizza bottom up about 10 years ago They bought them out. Yeah, they're buying a father's story. That's way to beat the competition All right, that's like what Wayne told me that blockbuster business. He bought everybody else out all the videos to his vanished And that's where he made all the money Exactly. Well, I'm you know something if you would have told me that somebody good bought them on I was so angry that but dominoes bought them I have to back go out that's criminal. I mean, and that is seriously people should be on death row for that And about a month ago my wife and I saw the sweet talk commercial That was good. Let's get a piece and We're the teacher like we're all right at the door. We have a spinning crispy with you talking about this morning. Yeah I said it's great like oh, it's great get at home a taste like cruising pizza The reason why because when I brought it back to get my money back I see this woman walking around with a handful of pizza dough. I said about clothes and she's like yeah I think that really how you make the pizza You have frozen they have frozen pizza. They'll let pizza That's oh my god, no one really tastes like manta Okay, I know what yes, sir What do you think the Sun Sentinel will ever get a picture of how old birds when he's not wearing his conduct shirt? No No They're a little behind the time. Have a great day pal. You say about I didn't even look at the pictures. You were in a conuxthing here. Let's see Yeah, you can't really tell but this guy will obviously actually know something about it And he is he's wearing a goddamn conuxted jersey on there. Nice going Sun Sentinel nice going Mike Russo It would have taken a little bit of effort to get him while we're the panthers jersey on there Clowns as if anybody in this town would know, but you see this guy caught on he's on the 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line. It's just it's just this radio show I mean, you know, I take it all just a show. This is a great town. A lot of wonderful people here just Really outgoing really involved in what's happening in their life Really with it understand what's going on in the world a lot of real intense sports fans here and the politics politically I'm motivated Oh, God Please they're not talking You You You Hey, I don't have to go yet What the time to this thing Well you for the time being Handmade my boxes jumpers Not on a night It's on 46 at 560 WCM so we get a call yet about even six and tongue tied No, no, no, no, totally we wouldn't know We don't even know the name of the movie that that's the song. What does he say it's from the soundtrack? Something mistingler something like that. I'll be right around you. Okay, nobody miss audience knows because these people are You know when it came to Jan and Dean they were too young for that, but they're too old for this so you figure it out Here's a mobile and color range. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir About God bothers. Yeah, they just appeared a while ago and they were good our member was like early 80s and They were good, but they're definitely there's none around in South Florida. No, they don't want you. I got the list. Yep, and That groan and grow never had a bad experience there good good meal every time been there probably been there 10 times never had a bad time About Jan and Dean yeah It's my theory And when white boys get together and think about surfing that things happen to them Because look at the beach boys Yeah, no, no dead mostly dead and Brian that's how it's around each Yeah, brain cancer. Yeah, and Jan with the horrible disfigurement. Right. I mean, it's you know I guess maybe it's like a cursor. So have you seen what he looks like now? Did you see that thing on VH1? No, I did not all over he's talking about yes. Yeah, you would be so depressed you'd lock yourself in a room for days and never come out You wouldn't believe it. Well, he's got a girl name too Yeah, I guess that's a good point. Okay, listen have a great day sir. You were doing so well till we got to that point 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless blind don't start the Jan and Dean stuff again Please this audience don't know from Jan and Dean. We got all the young with per sepher's around at the age of 100 You know what's the pond of time when I started on here in his town. He used to talk to people over the age of 100 Now I'm talking to people under the age of 100 and then in myself I'm an old part But not as old as the original one somewhere in between so I'm kind of like in a time warp I'm more in the eve 6 myself Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I got a time green fireport. Oh Right You know that talk show all the pun into whatever or you mean on politically incorrect. Yeah, that's not the guy's name bill Mar Mar yeah, I got a direct TV comment here Yeah, this is not the green Yeah, you know something even his theme song even the open of the show is better than most of the other shows that are on the whole show The last couple shows them so funny that I don't know how to do the undercutters pizza thing That just though and then the thing with a PS system in the ballpark where they dragged him out Hello, I don't think yes go ahead. Okay, so the direct TV thing is yeah That just moved into a place where you know you pay for the cable and you're maintenance So as much as I loved direct TV I have a cancel it and that isn't like trying to call them Call them three nights in a row and when you try to speak to somebody It's hold on a minute hold on a minute and they click each other busy signal really I'm gonna what the hell you're gonna want to be able to get any pieces I'm ready that's a good way to keep the meter run. Yeah, and as far as the stadium around here come on, please Like we need one just say no, okay pal 5 6 70 5 60 time green on politically incorrect, which I hate that show by the way That's one of the worst shows that has no point. It's a silly show, but nevertheless it's time green zone Yeah, the other cutters pizza bit was especially great because they were really hostile. I mean You have to wonder how many times did they go out and tape a bit like that in a never-makes the year because they Respond to his so hostile and so violent that they don't dare put it on the air Pretty damn hostile. It's personally when I got kicked the he had like a fishing thing You know like a box a tackle box and inside the tackle box was in order to have all the different places for the lures instead They had like little packages of pepperoni and cheese and all the other stuff and so he's got a plain cheese pizza And here the other delivery guys bringing his yeah, oh no, I'm the guy with a pizza and we're undercutting the price I can give it to you cheaper What did you want on it the guys is extra cheese and you opens up to your tackle box and pulls out a bunch of cheese and spears it on top of the And the guys is getting out of here get the F out here and it's just we got worse from there the guy with a hammer came on and after Turn off the camera. Let's go. He's got a hammer. Let's go. It was great nice going Tom There's a show actually a thing in a paper this morning about how lettermen is taking a big lumpy at all And they're blaming CDS for I got news for it talk about you know I think he threw the pencil out the window one time too many put him over the edge Tom greedy see if they had a brains they would have put Tom green on there. Can you imagine numbers they would have Because Jay Leno on a scale of zero. He owes about 400 points just looking at that chin is enough to make me puke I would I would watch Jay Leno if you paid me by the second and He's low in a way And even Conan the old Brian is blowing that's what Algo's thing said he said he's blowing it which is why I went on the show Here's Del Rey hello. I knew yes, sir. I was quick. It was a teaching was tingle anyway I told that Georgia but What do you want right away? Okay, I'll give one of the call and mention about co-father pizza I remember in Davies was one years ago. I was like I would try so far the way to eat the pizza Yeah, it was awesome. It was great everything and they every time we get something good in this sounded vanishes You know, are you sure positive? Yeah, I'm hey I can't call from your dish bed. Yes, sir. Six cents and blind rage douchebags. Okay. Thank you Now what I say the name of it was tingle on my a dingle teaching this tingle teaching this tingle And the name of the group is Eve six and a video is the tongue that you keep seeing in the video that you're hot for I think is in the movie. That's why they show me the video great. Well, I'm gonna go see that right now I'm gonna go see a tingle my bingo Yeah Oh, yeah, and then of course the drummer in the group why whoever whoever saw good looking drummer and please don't tell me that Dennis Wilson I mean he was blonde, but please don't tell him he didn't look so good underwater right here Then this Wilson. I mean, you know, he was okay Hey, let's let's not get carried away You would think by the way. I was thinking as about what a sexist world we still live in because it's run mainly by heterosexual males Which is why you see all these hot young female things on air like at MTV Jennifer Lopez Christine Aguilar who by the way is a real pig, but they you know gutter dolled up to look good. Oh seriously How many how looking guys you see on MTV and please don't tell me like back street boys Forget it wouldn't touch them with your hand 98 degrees I do like nickelot, but I mean at face that knows you know love his music forget Jesse camp Who exactly He's a freak I got him on a studio over here. Jesse can't you get something on the right five minutes like a VJ or some He's a Yeah, thinks he's a singer put his CD out. It's a that's why in Rika stands out above the rest even with the big mole Okay and Rika just hangs it above the rest like a butterfly Here's a a mobile in Miami, yellow Niel yes, there a couple months ago I was over in four miles and I had a bad stomach virus and what did I run into? I father's pizza. Yeah, did that do it well? No way it was excellent. They used to be one by my house on a bird road right and I I thought you it was it was still that time it's still like something I know it was a pizza you had ever had in this town. Sir that was the best we ever had was gone fathers in her long gone They had one day that person was being a Mexican style pizza That was a taco pizza. That's the best one. That's it. It was excellent every time I've been up there I've just made a effort to stop over there and I keep wondering why they don't have it down here But then again like you say whenever we have something good they take it away Yeah, from us. We'll see the guy before I mean that would be a good point. Domino's bottom up because you know You if you can't beat the competition you buy them up and they can go away But in closing down right Murray Terry Murray and Bill Tory why okay We'll be saying goodbye to all three of them before midseason. Oh, go to the bank on that 567. Oh 560 in fact I have a thing in that before midseason. They're gonna be coming to the Macarinen throne both ties on you guys I could be wrong about that or maybe just some both-tie pasta will get the message across you know We'd want to get too carried away. Do you want to do anything dangerous? Here's Miramar hello Hey, yes, how you doing? Listen first time Carlos. All right Just want the first show George did a great job You've gone. I know it's a little behind it. Yeah, that's okay I thought he did a deep thing go to any believes that he owes the is oh that bonus from last waiting book But he's hoping he was long enough to see it Oh, come on. Keep people to get the check there on time. What's it hold your breath? Hey there you go. Hey, listen. I don't know why George is sucking up the Greg read lately so much because quite frankly Is you Greg read is never willingly given George anything that he owed him right from the very right from the get go right from our hiring him And to be which is in the contract right right from the beginning he is always resisted giving George anything that he owed him Legally or otherwise, but anyway go ahead. I'm sorry I was about to get up to New York lover never happened in New York in many many years If you're a really chilly animated into a Disney North Avenue But if you do get up there There's a place called race Peter and it's behind Saint Vincent's hospital Hi, I'm on in New York pizza. You can't you can't compare with that down here near pieces the best in the world except of course, Italy Yeah, there you go. Hey, can I call somebody to do this? Yes, sir. Hey Bob I'm seeing out there I ain't gonna make it today and George is back. Okay. Thank you 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lines so we're getting Tony's today. I mean Brad from Tony's Tony's 193rd North West second abler with their pizzas moved way up on a list by the way I mean it's getting better and better and better and in fact ponytail we turn him down today Not that his stuff isn't great. It's very very good, but we just want to keep him on his toes As opposed on his back where he's been spending way too much of his time lately. We're from what I hear and by the way I sure hope his daughter ain't listening over there. Don't Jeff Conan the pizza lock because she'd be really embarrassed and red face The other stories about what he's been up too lately like last several months after the divorce of course Oh, not four minutes before noon at five 60 William You sound a red dog You've chugged a red wall Now open your mouth and wrap your lips around a red Red cock Spominy head will leave you fretless red cock goes down easy and it's never hard on your throat So reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long neck red cock You can shake it and spray it all over we remember you can't eat a red cock Just look for the label with a big red pecker on the front problem one at five 60 WCF series a facts from malchronic facts are Carolyn Who says Been the macaroni grill and candle many many times they sing there are two in fact groups of them sing in a sing on tops of tables You wouldn't be able to bear it. How do you like that? Thanks Carolyn for the bad news. Why did they do that? What is wrong with you people in the restaurant business are realizes a chain and some consultants somewhere Somebody in upper level management when it came up with the concept they said oh, yeah This will be another wrinkle will put in a little make us different and there really be neat et cetera There is maybe I'm wrong you can correct me if there's anybody in the audience that goes to any restaurant for entertainment They want to go to where I am a little about you, but I go to restaurant for the food I said that yesterday I'll say it again today I don't give a crap about somebody playing a violin about somebody singing me a song Especially about somebody getting up on a goddamn table and singing a man. You know, I mean forget it Swanie river whatever that was Christ This is a thing my good friends at pop at O'Parks the geniuses that they are Those are the deal they tried in the dining room last year along with the Brown table the paper table close and the gourmet dining for all the old slippers that come out there That lasted about five minutes And they had a bunch they had this aqua pelagroop that would come around about five of them three at chicken two guys All of them ugly by the way, and they would come around to your table. They wanted it or not And they would stand there and here you're trying to watch the odds and you try to get you know Go make a bet Here's all the final casting you try to bet three tracks at the same time and they're standing you distracting you and they're singing do up at your goddamn table And it's like when somebody you know calls him gets a strip or to come in on your birthday It's that kind of embarrassment you sit there and you want to crawl into a hole in the ground That's how embarrassed you are like See are they ever gonna go away, you know, can I look now or they gone yet? Why why are people hung up on that kind of crap? Nobody goes into the macaroni grill or any other similar kind of a restaurant for the entertainment Now maybe I'm wrong maybe there's somebody that's totally crazy out there that needs to be committed Need to be in a rubber room because if you call me and tell me you go in here to see some maniac or a bunch of instead of on a table and sing a polycraft and you need help Here's a coral gables hello Coral gables stay down. How you doing pretty good sir? I just wanted to say that as far as the stadium goes I want to restaurant coral gables I did a deal fashion way maybe John Henry should take a little cue for me Bar your money and pay it back with interest. There you go. There's no way we should endorse a stadium Hey, always deal we've got a wood burning Italian pizza I'd be happy to send you some down really we don't do any tricks no gimmicks It's a good restaurant called pausy and coral gables. Okay, and Be rich did off and you're down from delicious pizza's in time side by side with Tony How about Thursday? Thursday. Yeah Thursday works for me. You're open for lunch. We're open for lunch Monday to Friday great Thursday Would be great you know where we are yep? Also as far as Jeff Cohen goes yes, sir. Let me tell you the stories are true. I Know first ant experience. Oh really. Yes, okay. Thanks for the good news Be a Thursday. You got it. I'm sure if it's a live they got first ant experience with ponytail By the way speaking of ponytail and we ever heard from other pony tail close credit supposed to be working on my tickets So we did that wouldn't be safe. He's working on it. Oh, no, I can't I can't deal with that Not that I don't trust my good close friend Woody Grayberg Not that I don't take his word as the MS, but anybody that did that much acid it would stock the original one. I'm sorry I have to have an answer this week just like I want my goddamn dolphin tickets Did that even for me? I gave my tickets away. I promised him to somebody else and fat boy no problem No problem, pali if I seen him as in oh, I won't see him again The biggest scam artist on the face of the year is fat boy just Unbolt right on that on all you guys you gotta see that's one thing about this place no matter what I say no matter what George says word troublemakers We're liars we're compostable crap artists no matter what we say They don't believe it. They do the opposite just like Greg coming here. They're the one Roll Acted his life Thursday and And running around the building. Oh, what was the real story? What really happened? That's the kind of guy that we work for a guy that no matter what you say if and of course you'd expect that from him because when you tell us many tall tales as he tells It's very hard to have any credibility with anybody You think everybody's a liar or shouldn't have said that? Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Silla. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You can have fat asses. I want to talk about Fat Joe the NASCAR Slob I Fat Joe Who's that? That parts that answers the phone for George Fat Joe Joe castella was fat? Absolutely. Okay Okay, great good call. Excellent. He wants to talk about him and I still let him go on and do the area to the safe. No Probably because Joe won't put this comeback on here. That's probably the reason why 560 5050 5060 on a mobile one line Here's Miami, hello Okay, sir. Neil. Let's not forget the one that started at 30 minutes or it's free. They're pretty good to casino's people Who casino's pizza never heard of it? Oh, they were around here long time ago about 87 around there never heard of it and They're close Casinos pizza also good also. We can't be found no more. Oh, but the thing is they forced the dominoes and the other people To do it under 30 minutes, but now that they're gone now Dominoes takes 50 minutes and if you call like Papa's I'm not gonna say the whole name pop it Papa John one yeah. Yeah, you could you call a problem call him up about 10 30 and they're not doing anything in the store They're just nothing there and no orders They'll still tell you taking hours and I have to get there. All right, Baba one Paolo Oh I mean this is and Dominoes used to do it that if it was more than 30 minutes, I'll give you three dollars off I don't even do that no more. Yeah, well, let's cuz they bought up all the competition so they you know, they're cocky now And there's dust those looks the good stuff what that I found is a hungry house down on US one They're pretty good. Um, be how he's they're called hungry how he's yeah, yeah on US one and the June they're pretty good They're fighting the reasonable Not that best okay To Domino Okay, in fact you can't take the anno out of Domino 560 50560 I don't five 60 on the mobile one line. I mean I don't want to pick up them too much But the fact is they got a real crappy product and Also the fact is that they're very successful see that that goes to show you We're talking about all these other places which the one he was saying what was it? Cousin and I never heard of it. I never even got to it. It disappeared so fast Because if it's really sensational the odds on it's sticking around very long down in this neck of the woods are very slim very slim All right, okay We had strong brew no that watered down So to demonstrate this blitz leaves drop on this Saturday night date. Hey, Julie, you want to get naked now? Well, I know our first date. Oh, what could make it go away? You're moving way too fast for a moment boy now Let's check back in after just one strong brew. Oh, I want to get naked now I'd love to friend And I'm John whatever coming with you watered down sucks strong brew is 300% alcohol by volume and guarantee they get a buzz on Hmm tastes like this five different flavors to choose from strong brew 1213 at five 60 WQM we're getting pizza from Tony's today. Which we're excited about that from our buddy Brad, but there is day We're gonna move on on we're not for the different things And maybe like in the weeks to come. I'm gonna stuff this eating crap. You know, I think like after this week after After I'd say a week from not Thursday, we'll stop eating for a while Here's the Hollywood hello Yes, Neil yes, sir first walk I'll say something I think it wasn't to me so big Okay, you he went cute five six seven something like he had one of his mouth in it five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line cute Here's a pop in a hello Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing it? Okay. I was probably the only other one that saw that Jan and Dean thing Yeah, oh my god What's an app at that guy? I would say maybe a few other people saw it and probably didn't survive it whoa Yeah, and then right after that they had behind the music or one of the other one was here And they talked about her going through her or movie career all that and they showed that movie man deliver walls Yeah, that's the guy that's doing very right there Yeah, yeah, you look at the face that's for that back back the back. This is like seeing job John I just still can't get over it cannot possibly be the same person. Yeah, we're like it all some people age better than others, but that's just two scary God they said When she was wrapped around his neck Yeah, you know who knows whatever I said here what my daughter is a rain she loves yes, she wanted to say she loves it and She has a shameless for you. Yes, sir. My name is okay. Thanks buddy and back at you She wants his anus five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Oh, what is that okay? My name is Raymond I listen to your show safely every day and I read enjoy it and I wish you did I need to wear a rubber raincoat Where you wear the show Raymond. That's the safest way to do it. Okay, I enjoy it a lot And I wish you the best for you and everybody at the show that works with you and And every day I agree with you we everything you say but today about macaroni grill you have to call Right ahead if you haven't riverman asked go ahead. I mean I recommend yeah, I have a big fan asked Well, I'm a fan asked to I would like I don't understand rip that a fat ass if you want if you had a bad experience Go ahead and I'm not here to come on I mean we're spotting that up there spirits at all. I mean I used to be a waiter for month around the grill Oh, so it's like sour grapes now right? I mean the service is great are you Italian? Yes, sir The one now you're talking to you they heard all the Julios now they get on one or more Italian That's you know, sir if we had a guy named Jose who was selling polio instead of polio And I got very upset about that. Where polio right now polio in Italy, okay? Right right Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm just spiky it. Yeah And like I said I used to be a waiter in macaroni grill and the managers were great everybody there Work was great service problem Raymond the problem is that that First of all I don't agree with the food. I mean I think the food is not good I mean I've been to a lot of family on restaurant small restaurant all by Italian people and yeah Best restaurant you can go and eat Italian food I mean we're talking about macaroni grill that is a franchise You know that they have All over yeah, you know, I mean it is a different if you go to a Mac to a restaurant on by Italian people You know and then you'll see the different on the food You know what I mean it is it is different you know the reason I left you like the pizza I'll put Jeff Cohen he's gonna tell you why which one oh No, yeah, I wasn't okay I know I think that I wanted to tell you it's about I'll even check on the lakes and when you go on so I Will it will go on tour some? Yes, I mean, sorry west yeah, you know Friday you were talking about how they're 18s Remember well last night around maybe 12 o'clock or 12 30 you know how how so rice boulevard is around that time I sure do I need no cars around right oh I was going west and you know how the flood the life flashes yellow Okay, well this guy is coming from eight I'm an 18 ass and he didn't stop each is when's right through it You know, they me and if it was for me that I slow down I would have You know and I think they should change the light and make it like a I'm you know I'm moving light like red green You know the yellow purple violet yeah Well, whatever my anything that will stop them yeah, I sadly you know I mean they're crazy people out there Raymond Elkelia. Yeah always stop at least at 10 15 seconds It'll look around even a lightning red Okay Raymond look I'll pass you're a word along I'll tell him you hate them like poison can I call somebody a fish Go ahead they have fed more yellow you have do you spec and they've sure you have do you spec? Okay, thank you sir. I'm a winner to you okay Raymond who used to work there as a waiter he said nice people and the nice on beyond Center Food he said to his discriminated standards Swagos 560 5050 5060 course we're getting us for free from here on in so we like it a lot you know I mean I know sir, so we can get a lot of crap for example we could probably get the olive garden for free if I would a lot about them Hate the olive garden. There's another example of the bad taste. I'm a guarantee they're all over town You know what there's no one out there by me in plantation out there by the fountain shops olive garden To place for goiam Goiam need it the olive garden if you if you're Jewish you eat it the olive garden until you're right now you got a serious problem with your taste bud As Reval would say I'm guiding light you got a serious problem with your taste bud Is there a common there? 560 705 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line what's but gonna think when we ran on that plane tonight What's gonna happen at all hell's gonna break loose and poor Blake she's pregnant with her 85th kid See that's why people watch soap operas to make them feel so much better about their own lives Here's a mobile in West and hello Oh yeah, sir. I think I could think about the singers in the macaroni Please get them out of their clear-mothed table Let me explain it Wow When when you walked in there if you looked up at the ceiling you saw the string of a little light bulbs Right, they're trying to create the backyard atmosphere because that's the tonight But restaurant is supposed to be back in the 20s in in New York and they tie in air Well, let me ask you this how many people around now were in New York in the 20s? 8 I don't know I mean the 20s is like even 29 was the depression of 70 years ago How many people are 100 years old down here at first of all the people hundred years old don't eat in the restaurant like that You know that right they only need in the restaurant where they have a glass with effort then on the table form No, the guy had an deliverability the the On the atmosphere Probably Well, what do you do like that you like the entertainment? I've only I've only I've been there that twenty times I've only had one singer one time saying Some of the results just might be dead. I mean we'll be right or wrong. Yeah, right I give you a dish to try there you try that chicken more sour with the roasted potatoes. Yeah, I guarantee you You will go back just for that dish. Okay, in the next one God bless you. Okay. Thanks So in other words, I was the lucky one this guy's been there 600 times only one did he get stuck with some stupid singer stand on a table I've been there one time and with my stick and luck I got some guys swinging a swinging and singing swanny river up on a guy named table Five six I mean what's wrong with you people don't you understand it's like everything else Why doesn't the public tell them instead of sitting there? Hey, it's great. See every place I've ever been every place. It's just like what you go to a sporting event somebody can butcher the national anthem Can just brutalize it and yet everybody Hey, I'm right. Let's hear it. I need to do their aplonic visit lettuce over or because it's just out of habit Instead of saying hey you suck it out here. Let's get out of the game something like that Too many pushes out there. That's the problem in this country everybody's a yes man Your pain for a me or you don't want some crappy entertainment You don't want some goofball from the kitchen coming out there try to impress all these fellow cooks in there. We just got off the banana boat 5 670 560 pound 560 animal will one line Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir Michael cats The muffin man Your former friend. I used to bring you some muffins from the oven to her. Oh Yeah, Jesus Christ from 100 years ago I've just had a I was like me Give me about 10 seconds at me too. I was I was in the macro. The first thing across my mind was I was sitting a table away for you at the macro and you grill like really long He didn't say something. I you know, I was with that was that they with a whole birthday gathering I was that took toward the back of the restaurant and I I caught you. I turned around to hear the bus boy singing that wonderful Are you swanie river? Yeah, and I was gonna pay my homage, but I got up and you were gone. Oh I got to go that's thinking that's my first time probably and years that I'd been in the macro only grill and Be the last time for a while. Yeah, what one of they stopped doing and I can't imagine that there's one person They really enjoy that and most people are just trying to be too polite and they're too quiet to to speak up and say Hey, that was crap. We just want either dinner and peace and have a good time if you want to play a little music in a back like most restaurants do That's fine, you know, I was just by I tried to continue quietly my conversation, but Oh, no, you can't do that You have to sit there like speechless in all while this performance goes on and you're going What is this what is he doing? I was getting to the punch line of my big joke and It was the song was over It was flat, yeah, but it's a happy tune down the audio net all day here and Unfortunately, I can't get any radio reception. I'm in downtown Miami. Oh, I forget that Unfortunately, they are pink and blocks are signal I've done I think that might be Yeah, you might be on this something, but I would if you put me back on hold with George I'd love to maybe swing by bring you to buy some of those Very muffins and maybe I'll sing a little tune wall man The first part sounds good Hold on, okay, no, okay Talk to your buddy Michael a muffin man. I can't eat him because you know They have all those carbs in a maturegile eat him anything for free. George will pop in his post 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one on we're trying to solve some problems here for you business people out there who just don't understand how you do business all of it Probably doing pretty good I'll take another place that I used to go to since we're talking food intensive especially in that area And I'm sure they're all over town still was flood rockers. Can we say that on the air? Oh, oh, I can't say it See that's part of the problem with at flood rockers think they can't advertise because you're not allowed to say that on the air flood rockers And the food is very very good. I like the idea if you go in and you get your burger and you go around and you put on the cheese sauce Also the only problem is that they butter the bun and you know what happens? I'll make it all every time. I mean guaranteed you could be plugged up from 100 years and you have one of those with a buttered bun I'll make it share every time like a gigantic lob bomba just came through your colon And I remember when they first opened there on university in Sunrise, is it I think When I went first open man you couldn't get anywhere near that place. It was Jan and man round a clock Air beam minutes that they were open. You couldn't get near it for lover money Still there Here's Miami. Hello, yes, sir Okay, good talk good talk at you before you get to it. Here's a Hollywood hello Oh Hey, um, this is a first time call to you, but I've been the world was a long time Cucinos the pizza place. Yeah, is I did I worked at both of them when I was a teenager Both places are identical to saying it's like some owner or some corporate officer took everything you needed Fundometers opened up cucinos just changed the name on the top all the paperwork to saying all the ingredients Everything was exactly the same except for the name well, then how could all be good? How come everybody says it was good then? It's not it's identical food as common. Nothing different at all and Domino's I think in this where is your my dogs would need Domino's that's how bad Domino's is my dogs wouldn't look at it Domino's used to be the 30 minutes free and they when they stopped doing it after they got a big client base Cucinos started to try to rob some of the Domino's customers over them I when I was working there. I thought it was some sort of like tax scam or something going on So they went came into business open up a lot of locations Then they went right out of business just for staff So I thought there was some crooked in you know up in the corporate and I'm right now didn't mark you But it was it's everything is identical to Domino's nothing different at all everything That's all okay Thanks for being good news. Okay. So in other words, Christine those sucked in spite of what George and the other guy said it was a Domino's repunk for clone I can only talk about the one that was up here right in this neighborhood well he said your full of crap 567 oh five and 60 pound fine. He said your full of crap whatever he said it was the Domino's poem and he knows is a crap He in fact that was the first thing he said Yeah, he will Rogers God Huh There he was just the walking on the ceiling Theses when Two they look do The next thing I knew we had only men on its feet sing And do what they did it them they did it They'll find out on a scene and the dumb are on a speech thing And do what they did it them they did it They walked on walked on who met them My dog walked on through my dog They cured a leper source out Oh, some say he's the son of God Yes they do, but there's other people they get so hot Now he's the reason that we have any star days soon And do what they did it them they did it them they did it And he's the reason to set all the Christians for a day And do what they did did it them they did o they They could ion Raising now kneeling out, increasing The male world of stormed crop To what they did did it them they did it Do what they did to them they did it them To what they did it them easy to do To what they did it them easy to break to 32 at five 60 WQM we got Hank Goldberg a two Jim Mad Dog managed him I write about that Are you sure? Well, that's right. He's out in San Diego, but he will be on here from San Diego. Thank god tonight at the six o'clock Take you right up to Marlon pregame time in 930 after that you run your own here for the second day in a row to show We're making a gigantic impact all over the world now. Thanks to the internet Here is another fast from a different person in London. How do you like that another bloody guy over here in London Says Heidi on listening over the internet from London. He would like to say what a brilliant show You give we list there's every day. You give we list there's every day Oh, he means the little people That's with two ease. I discovered you when I came down to Miami this year early on the case The station we got here and I lot of you certain words on here like How and goodbye which takes the fun out of listening keep up the good work because they had no first amendment in England That's why it even here. It's pretty shaky because you can't say f*** over here either Thank you Michael a King's College in London, England and god bless you and the bloody queen a crazy old bitch and a drunken Queen mom mom is the board in England by the way 560 50560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line and you know that you would think that they'd have a lot of people Listening on the internet over there because there's so constipated in the press and desperate to reach out to the real world Which is why every time those kids go to Amsterdam. They're out of control Stay out of Amsterdam by the way, all you British kids you screw it up for everybody else Here's Hollywood. Hello What's up? Yes, sir. Hey, you know it's on the pork at Poirchropic cows gets farther as a store stays open longer Yeah, and when they first opened up 40 to be nice and tender now you get it. It's like Okay, my word that's the end of that account. Okay 560 50560 mine's still pretty soft quite frankly and pound five 60 on the mobile one line That's because the ambiguity was out of about 45 minutes ago All look at us we're now in the three calls now. Hey, it's good because I got the we saw set up here I was gonna talk about a least Miguel yesterday and I know you don't want to hear any music But that's too bad because lunch will be here pretty soon I just assume sitting here and play the least all day especially after these three great leds data in the Sun Sentinel a couple of days ago What a nice talk How it's been a little bit I don't know about you that kind of like my pork for my soft Great voice in the world regardless of what anybody will say Including the little spik in the other room Yeah, just because you can't speak English show some Pluts like Ricky Martin is making a big which just makes my heart bleed to think that a no talent queen like Ricky Martin is Making it really big I used to be lucky in different with Ricky Martin You know he looked okay and he never stole a freight train, but now I just I just scream I did not as loud as he screams, but I just go wild when I see him because it makes me angry because he's a no talent The fact it is what it is if he was a talented fact that I'd say all right But he's just just another hype job just another manufactured piece of turd and all over the world Oh, Ricky Ricky That's what I'm gonna every time I see him Ricky go away please you and Larry King a little bit make a good match Because Larry still prefers the top 567560 pound five 60 on a mobile one-line. Oh, I will say Larry finally hit the bottom last night He finally scraped the bottom he's sucking particles off the bottom of the ship right now after the David worker with some of Sam Scam on a yellow King last night the worst the absolute Worst ever Here's a mobile in for a lot of nail hello Yeah, I hate me. Oh, you were asking about why the Sun Sentinel was a strong supporter of Using public money to build a baseball stadium. Yes, sir. It might be the fact that the Sun Sentinel is owned by the Tribune Yeah, I'm sure the Chicago cups. Yeah, but that's not public money. That's the Tribune Well, yeah, but what I'm saying is you think the trip is gonna go against public funding of a baseball stadium when they own a baseball team Maybe they're test driving the effort down here to build themselves a new stadium and further if you would you want to be one of the Tribune executives It shows up the baseball meetings and says hey, we shot down the stadium in Florida That ain't gonna happen so I can't they just keep their mom shut there. Why can't they just present the fact and let the public decide Why they always have to try to manipulate the public for their own personal a profit and gain and not just let the you know the public decide for themselves Just like what that pain sales tax bullcraft. They try to put over Well, you know, I think you're working that for the way baby. That's a capital is yeah Well, if then that's what I say Hey, grow I'm with your hundred percent love show me. Okay 560 560 pound five 60 and like I said before this Chicago Tribune companies got more money than God They owned WGN they own the cups. They've got money. They got a license to steal okay So as a result of that if they're so gung whole about it I'll repeat it again. Let them put up half the money John Henry puts up the other two of them in it And it can build their own guy damn for a Dominican dollar state even leave the public alone for once So maybe we have a little bit of money for some roads and for some schools and for something that's really important in life Besides some stupid guy damn ballpark All these ridiculous emotional psychotic at a tutorials and off-ed pieces about oh It's so important to a city and it's so important to families into our culture your full of crap. Okay You're absolutely full of crap There's plenty of places in America that don't have a baseball stadium don't have a baseball team and a lot of places It's not a fact that they got major league baseball and Vegas. No, it seemed to be doing okay They seem to be raken in the money there. They seem to be drawn millions of tourists in there We're not a baseball park the tourists by the way come to see baseball. No, no And of course, you know in the summertime not only don't we have any tourists anyway, but most of the people live here are going anyway in a summertime when they're playing baseball I'm I know don't confuse them with the facts. I'm sorry. Polygide And okay with the beginning we're friends. It's not worth it. Okay No, here's Larry can Rome Italy for Maryland. Well hello. Oh, yes, Larry I got to see that you look great in that mini skirt and leather bushy. Thank you. Are you wearing any underwear? No, who well, it's very provocative you ain't seen nothing yet Oh my god, have you ever seen anything like this That is you Put a leash on that second take it for a walk Larry Very well, man who never met a victim wouldn't like five four what is it? Five of I have no idea what the numbers honey. I just got a metal block. Can you believe that? All of I'm sitting here and all of a sudden just because I'm so pissed off. I'm getting a blood boarding in my head again Five six seven five 60 and five five 60 on a mobile one I had like three seconds of total lost there again Because I'm getting so pissed up and of course nobody has audience cares anyway because hopefully like maybe no I know more than two or three other people saw it last night the worst hour of television and history the most irresponsible hour and see and then I'll be getting flooded with calls Sir, I got so psychotic for like three seconds. I had no idea where I was or what the god didn't number was Here's the Hillsborough Beach, yellow Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I'm from Hillsborough Beach. Well nobody's perfect. Okay, and I just said and I want to tell you something yeah, I've been listening to 12 shows since the days of Barry Gray Oh, yeah, well, that's right and you're and you're the best five ever heard that's right you are number one I really get a great joy I really call it your issue that you see that HBO show I'm Lenny Bruce no, I did not it was an excellent show Even a very provocative That led to I mean he did not you know, so love has to move on But it was really good, you know, they really killed them and prevented him from working in that well That's America for you man. Lot of repression a lot of a goose stepping and Trying catch it it's on HBO they show it again I get my right hand. I'll go listen have a great day. Okay, see you okay Two calls left out of more than one go to the waist five six seven five Five six I know I was hour of the week Even Marilyn Patton who lives in a Denton Texas says I'm so pleased that Latin music and Latin artists are becoming popular I especially like the treatment you gave Luis Miguel as the interpreter of the old beautiful Bullaroas to make completely new generation of man knows what beautiful music really is and one thing about his music with that beautifully Telled it voice and obvious emotion even non-spanist speakers love the hermson And I should mention again the nice letter I got from my good friend in the bokeh yesterday who probably is missing the show anymore So she'd have us believe Sherry who are sucked around for those backseat boy tickets after three paragraphs is sucking around Who also loves Luis Miguel, but you're not Also don't have those dolphin tickets on supposed to have from fat boy who's a compulsive BS artist and probably in higher layer right now 5670560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line here's a lady mobile. It was palm hello Hi me. Yes, man. I just want to tell you the movie keeping Mrs. Single Was supposed to be killing this is single but they had it came for name because I've all the Come on buying Not good timing for it. Yeah So we've been listening to you all the way from North Florida on our trip home from South Carolina and we've been very into team nothing could be fine I think get out of Carolina. That's what I hear I want you to be home even though it's fine. Okay. Have a great day sweetheart. Bye. Very watching That's what George tells me is the name of the kid that's in that video who looks extraordinarily good to me along with the blonde rumour from that group What's the name of the group again? It's called Was it E F X E F X? Yeah, so that's what they would cancel me sorry. Yeah, all these that you want to see all these bird out old musicians just turned on that behind the music or whatever on the VH-20 If you're really depressed 5670560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation hello Yeah, yes, sir. How do you give way eating pizza on the actin style don't need to crust? Is that it? I mean it was a fork In addition to which I said I'm on the actin style. Does it look to you like I'm on the actin style? You're slimmer what you used to be yeah, I lost a lot of weight now. I'm stuck on a neutral. I don't gain any I don't lose any and I'm struggling to this to hold my own so to speak. Oh, that's good. That's right I work where about fobios there in plantation you got one right up on stay roast lobbyos Flavio says there Flavio Fullveo fullveo Is that what it? I don't want to line one in baby She says she likes the pizza there never heard of it unless it's fullveo, which is what I don't even know to make peace right next to the Right next to the Christward dooborship right up on stay roast seven there just south of Sheridan Street State road seven south of Sheridan Street is plantation No, no, no, there's one in plantation also they have a it's a family-owned thing and it's Flavio's yeah never heard of it. Yeah Okay, okay, thanks. I'm good. Okay Why a sounded like he was put out by the fact that I ever I never heard of it. Okay. Oh, yeah, I know that place. Do I know it? No, I never heard of it And how do I get away how does he get away with that's good need what tell I'm eating okay? I'll eat whatever I want to eat You don't want to get rude and then tampered and they said when I'm out of step here, but quite frankly I'm not on the acens. I'm on the eat whatever they'll I want that without good not a control and keep my blood sugar Nice and look like a was 75 this morning sounds real nice to me Sounds real good to me. Had a real good day yesterday Am I got a perfect day today? No, life goes on. I'll do the best I can And by the way, taking all that full of cancer and that anti-homal formula. I don't know if I mention that enough You know that McCulley-Calkin book Whatever is named Kilmer McCulley. Well actually only name we can remember some McCulley cookies and then you think of that And it's a word association. You know what I'm saying? You get it. No, no Kilmer McCulley MD what's the name of that book? I did the heart break through break your nose Solutions I got a solution for him, but at any rate It's about the homo assisting thing which is a lot worse than your cholesterol And I want to start preaching again about I'm gonna tell you I got my homo assisting level down from 15.4 to 10 In three months Taking all that full of cancer and then anti-homal assisting formula which you can buy right in the goddamn drugstore or in your super market or anywhere It's just homo right on a label. So I was you know kind of drawn to it 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line so your average doctor out there they don't know from homo assisting They don't know from nothing all they know is here just you know sign a thing with your insurance or right me A check that's what most of them know and my new doctor by the way, which I haven't heard from in some time Which is good he's a good guy, but you know he's got his own the philosophies about life and then never the Toyshell me he's a good guy. I'll go there and get some blood test taken and he's assistant there is that you know The guy we just had from Hillsborough Beach. I think that was his assistant doing a voice Yeah Igor Igor junior good guy the kind of a little a like David Hurrell from poppin o' Park little little strange good guy Now seriously, I mean find a real doctor because quite frankly still Sovereign doctor market I agree I hell of a lot more on like atkins and about and the whole thing with the blood sugar and cholesterol all of these things the only problem is his practice kind of like is floating you know Like one day it's in one block and then and some we she's kind of floating to you know It's hard to find he's busy in a politics and his band So I do agree with him philosophically he's a great guy and I'll go see him one of these days again Sometimes someday when he goes some hair back, but in the meantime I need to doctor who actually will like be in a in a in a place someday, you know like in a in a place Where can go and see him and it can take some blood and then say how about a stress test? No, I'll say oh They're always peddling always peddling. I'm not good I don't need a stress test to see if I can start exercising, okay? I don't need a stress test. He did the AKG and no charge and it was perfect. It was great Okay, that should be good for starters 567.0560 pound 560 animal mobile one line What's in him in that book? I'm a colleague Colton Persolution here's a market hello. Yes, sir. I know this is a small story so far, but is anybody called you up on what's going on? About what about what but what's going on in Kansas about the evolution thing right? Of course not they're not going to talk about that. I mean, you know, it's a bunch of Yahoo's out there. What do you expect? thing is there This is something you could do one with like four hours on it's It's something that puts a bridge to other states with the right way You say I could a server listen. You say I could do four hours on it and what's that kind of a accomplish? What does that kind of accomplish? You might you might you might you might integrate the the population down here. Oh, yeah No, how about the How about how about elbow correo versus the city managers? Yeah, how about having a nice day, sir? Here's your guy wants to program the show. I don't want to talk about Jo Carolio. I don't want to talk about the city managers I don't want to talk about that. I'm trying to get evolution out of the schools in Kansas because take a look at that Lismodol they did it I know that I understand I've got to write here. It's an old story I know that and I haven't even brought it up yet because quite frankly what's the point? What is the point? Just like the thing with Larry King and David Birkowitz and his Jesus crap that's gonna forgive him God is forgiven and for all those people he murdered These people are out there they're like La la land they want to talk a lot of good places to get a pizza. They don't give a crap about these things. It's America man They got a crappy education system in his country so nobody knows anything about history I think about civics anything about anything that is important. I'll ain't what about his ball games and ball parks and crap like that And then of course the media can trick see I'm one of those people that used to be in denial about the media The media I would say is about 75% of the problem. I'm not talking about violence. I'm not talking about sex I'm not talking about that's up. I'm talking about being irresponsible You're crazy people and I'll keep saying that as long as I got a breath you people out of controlling the media You're crazy This thing out there come by high school leave the kids alone having the head enough tragedy already all these families and all those kids Haven't they been stressed out enough Well, I want you to got in gray robbers out there watching every guy they moved they make Asked about just stupid questions just get out of there and leave him alone What a concept? Go find some more houses with these on it. Oh, yeah, that was the big story and that goes to show you what a Hicktown this is, okay Watching all the local news yesterday channel surfing flipping around a find a real story on there like about the cops up in Orlando I did see that story. Did you see that one? Oh, yeah, they got it on videotape The plane closed cops with the hookers Taking the money out of their wallet and get his hand to put the they had a block out a little bit of the screen there getting a service there with a smile and then the other plane closed cops Gaining and bustle them and then there was a second one another motel And where did these vice cops by the way that got busted where did they get to their training from the vice cops in Fort Laterdale? All right Which by the way they couldn't find anybody to talk about that for some strange reasons they're all unhiding now Or maybe they're down there in the Dave County in Kendall at that 16 year old house Yeah, those are the kind of stories that we ought to be seeing a hell of a lot more about is supposed to homity guy The embies are on the outside of somebody's house Yeah, that's a new story in his town. I scroll in channels 4 6 7 and 10 That's heavy-duty and how about the dogs that weren't lost yesterday by the way? I got two they weren't lost yesterday and one case damn it 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 50 and a mobile one line. I should be talking about all these things. Let's get political again on this show Yeah, let's get heavy-duty and board the public to that try to spoon feed him stuff that they don't want to hear Okay, take joke on all you want stick up your ass. Okay, pal. Go eat a loathe them Get out of my face Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami Hello, yes, sir. Oh, it's been a great on on patient. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. That's okay You just have a crappy phone. I can't help it. Oh, hey, TNT what do you know Jesus? First of all, I talking to you in a long time. Oh, I'm Who cares what time? I got a couple of points. Oh, you know, yes, an excellent point nobody cares about that I have no idea why people say that in talk shows long time first that nobody cares I mean, I don't want to be rude when people say that but you know as well as I do nobody cares But I couple of stores for you first of all I got my toilet car stolen and one thing For living in Miami. Yeah, what's it? I didn't find it in high L.A. on the left What kind of car was it? For protein. Oh, no no problem. Nobody lost. Anyway Jesus couple of years ago And done in Miami, D South Yeah, and this guy this kid works Dryed by with one of those Honda's lower to the floor with base And it's kind of dressing so everybody says standing around and the hallways Waiting for him to go from one Classroom to the other and guess what his blessings Yeah, you're show really The right there you go public service and noise to charge The security guards were just bringing out this guy's driving by It was the thing incredible excellent. Thanks for the good news sir. Okay, anyways, uh Good luck with your crappy car. Yes Just want to congratulate you in your show and please Thank you for keeping us alive and uh If they make any sense in South Florida forget about it Okay, by the way speaking of restaurants whatever happened to doubt in uh You know something I've asked that I loved all split it was you know that was a good one It was a good place you had for I think they're all the time. It was great There was one down in candle air and it was what I forwarded it up there on federal highway and it was too good for us have a great day pal Too good for us, but of course our good friend Tony over there our brand at Tony's or Betoni at Brad Just send us a whole bunch of pieces and good stuff. Thank you my good friend Brad. Whatever your name is That's really sweet out you're the best 193rd in North West second Avenue All year the best next to Pony talk because he buys a lot of spots and he's a great guy. It's a little lot One oh four five sixty WCM the guy who just called a few minutes ago Be very pleased and I'll um eating with a folk okay Got all our pizza from Brad over there at Tony's at 193rd North West second Avenue Which is getting better by the minute. It's great really very very good Got my sausage in pepperoni and cheese. I'm just eating the topping with a fork and oh no Across so I'm doing the acen because I know you're concerned from for my cetera, you stick in your nose in it I do like that and by the way the restaurant he was talking about is full views See I hope we keep talking about restaurants like this this is turning out to be a great banana this week Well We got New York prime Center Center didn't get yesterday wants me to come up there for a big expensive steak dinner. Thank you sir We got the guy from down here in the gables that's ended by his thin pizzas here on Thursday And now we got the guy who owns full of you that called and said by the way We're not in Davian anymore more in Hollywood. We sure I think this guy was given us the right location on Stero 7 somewhere in there By the Christwood dealer and he invites us to come over and have dinner anytime we want how do you like that? I bet it is going to be a lot of New Rogers and George Rodriguez show one of these places in the day Yeah All kinds of people look just like us. I would be surprised if that rich starts masquerading this me again at all What do you have any distinguishing features that people can't do yeah, there's a little a mole on it 560 50560 pound five 60 on a 18 T wireless line here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello New um don't you think some of your medical problems are due to the problem sir? How do you like that? I don't have any medical problems. How about you okay? I've been being diabetic which goes with the territory How about that voice you or how that phony deep voice It's not like somebody got a corn cob deep inside your act. I was done in sound like it. I bet you they do But I you know if you want to sound like a real jackass. I guess you have to have a little company here helping hand 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 all these experts thanks so much for listening to the award winning highly rated Neil Rogers your air 560 QM and by the way time jickie you're still an asshole Hasn't discovered the SEC story with that bogus fine as pending also I discovered the spring rating book that came out because Tom Too busy being a big shot panning all or shows from Hollywood TV shows we're small potatoes Yeah, we got stories about bees on the outside of houses in town that's big news here But if the FCC is trying to you know show our freedom of speech that's not a big enough story for local media right Tom is that right You jackass Want to be all these people are in the media want to be 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 in T line here's okay. Hello You sure you know I want to say and move down here a couple years ago on the first time caller and if it wasn't for you Leave it on a long time ago. In fact you know something if it wasn't for me this would be a ghost town Let me tell you this is a state of confusion Most of the people got out of timers unfortunately But I think the sun just went and just did a job on it brains. Yeah, I'm pride him very frankly Yeah, it was only you and Phil Henry that was it. Are you sure? Yeah, that's what you're doing And even he a van moose and he ain't coming back Fortunately and I would like to get to listen to him again over the internet I just don't know how to pick him up Is there any way that any one of your listeners could tell me is what is there you're in caffi.com Is that it? As far as that's 40.com caffi640.com. That's the assistant website. I'm sure you can look on the him through there caffi640.com 40 thank you very much. I appreciate it. I'm a really loyal listener. I don't want anything Just to tell you that you are number one and so I get's on thank you. Okay five six 70 five 60 come on. Let's hear from a few go ahead and hear today. We're gonna hear from some go ahead Come on my good friend up there and Boko, huh? Sherry Sherry that wants those back sweet boys tickets. We're gonna hear from Sherry. Oh Who was stuck it around so heavy duty, but I guarantee you now is bad-mouthing me all over town It hates me like poison just because I told the truth about her but sucking letter I don't know which was more embarrassing her letter or Larry King sucking David Berkel which is but for an hour last night on CNN We may have to take a poll on that Like who's more obnoxious Larry King or Ricky Martin can't as much much oh What was that new rejoin new rejoin with that what the how was that? Listen for a Website 10 Those room for website my ass what was that? By the teeth damn it I kicked my own ass outside Mobi was a man who trips just like a woman now we've got a mind Gb All right My back my back in a slip in a song My back my back my back my back just like he did no role My back My back My back to career you retrieve My back My back Back sporting a new here we You're back One third hit boy that's your ends of rough don't does that end Drop one 13 at five 60 w q m pound five 60 on the 18 t wireless line and five six seven all five 60 the award winning hey Goldberg showed a day at two Thanks for being another hour or two on Jan and D today. He was really just all torn up about that yesterday here in how bad Jan looks And we got the Jim mad dog mad at that six to nine 30 and then of course all the radio is going the opposition The Marlin pregame show at Los Angeles nine three midnight they all go out to the off position. You know I'm saying huh Whether John Henry likes it or mine Here's light house point hello No big fan yes, sir. How you doing my family's got a pizza place out and light house point yeah I really always and we love to finish someone sometime. What is it called? I'm really how is somebody mentioned that before? Yeah, so cold early. I think I have one in the table to solve the franchise. Why individually oh yeah But we got great pizza and we love to send you something out standing next week one. They'll be good. Oh Good, okay. I think we're I've filled up lunches for about a week and a half now. Yeah, I don't want to get to pick a pizza, but uh, it's okay I think we got the best okay pal. Oh, well see you back again. See you Monday. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. We're all set for let's see Tomorrow's the lunch and the mommy's reset for Thursday. Friday's still open This guy's in a picture I'm one day. See that's what we got a lot of jealous people out there people say what all that money you make Fat Slob over there you shouldn't be getting all these free meals well too bad Too bad. No, no, no, no It's way it goes when you get to be a big shot, okay When you have to put up a lot of crap all your life sooner or later you start getting the free meals and I may also say this to you If I went into a fine restaurant like Ruth Chris is the pick an example if I went into when the establishment like that And I'm in the middle of a great great rib eye steak with a big smile on my face and all of a sudden some Asyl gets up on a table in the middle of a restaurant it starts singing a blue-sweights shoes or whatever How they're singing old man river how about a guilla? I'm gonna start like Get me upset about it and re-examining whether I ever want to come back or not Not that I'm gonna change though, you know, I'm not gonna come here on the air and change the way they do business at Anyplace whether it's macaroni grill or any other joint but I'm just expressing what I think a lot of people feel Maybe they're just too much of a bunch of pussy to express it, but I don't think that when that stuff stars people want to come back even if the food was good 5 6 7 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the 18 T line here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How you doing great Neil? I love you to death Listen, yeah, you talk about people off the lot You keep saying say fat Neil sent you I went there. I said fat Neil sent me They only think that with delicious with their salad their pizza Hell yeah Their pizza sucks. No, it does not pizza I ordered the garden and the pizza offers one of our fine sponsors too So if you come and let you sit here and make sure one of our sponsors on your dreaming sweetheart, okay? Probably Jeff turned her down is what it was Which is very rare by the way? Sorry sweet art. Maybe I'll go a single take on. How do I doubt it? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil you're the best how is it that the women who call this show and right letters most of them are so goddamn stupid how is that? Why do attack the sponsors that they want to call in for freebies and should I send them back to you boys to get how come women can't call a radio show Just have a conversation without being stupid. I don't know. Do we have stupid women in this town or what? God, you must be from lighthouse point. Yeah, exactly. Oh, she wants your question. Yes, sir. Please play James bill Carolina Monica on my moon Oh Please I love this song. I got people out of town one listen to you mean bill cigars I'm gonna have to go whatever okay, all right, take a bite And a big Zach called the fore by the way don't mess with Jeff Behind but a cigar and her vagina. She's all mine Where's he don't know where we're so he goes? I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human And then I can saw the turn see their box means Or He was working Gib Loated Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, my necko is not the time. You can do in the behind. No. But a cigar and her vagina she's on mine. Oh, people feel that Hillary's been made a fuller by your husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the link in bedroom. She was mowing, mowing, how far was it to and her with bills gone. Feel that she got the money cause vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes a wiggle. My necko is not the time. You can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's on mine. Oh, can do you standing? Yes, does not matter. It's not the four-year-old. But you gotta do it, take a sip of it all. Every one is not proud. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. One point of your 550 WQM, well, this is great pizza. Nice going on there Brad and that bitch that wanted to rip a ponytail man. All I can think is that he turned her down. It's gotta be it. How is it possible to have one area with so many loser women in it? You know what I'm saying? You follow my drift? Uh-huh. We do great in men year after year, month after month, book after book. We can't find a woman in this guy there, audience. You're looking at ratings and it's like almost nonexistent. Humorless, they don't understand the show. They don't get what we're talking about. They had they just have no class, no sense of humor, no nothing. But they sure can take the time to send me a 75 paragraph letter and a suck around, suck around, suck around and then ask for tickets. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th. I'm gonna tell you something, lady, if I had 50,000 pair of back-read voice tickets in here right now, this is for that cherry and bokeh that roamed that disgusting letter. That heavy duty said, I wouldn't give you two, I wouldn't give you one. I wouldn't tear off this stuff, I wouldn't give you my stuff. How do you like that cherry? Okay, free loading bitch. Be like us, don't free load, okay? Other than for free meals of course. Here's the lady mobile and dear field B, chill out. Hi. Yes, man. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I'm not gonna be one of those sour post women. I, I should don't plan on it. I don't even like the back-read voice. No. Okay, I should. I've been for free these. Okay. I know, I just called because I'm a first time listener. Great. And I just looked on the radio actually last night listening to a game. Well, I remember the first thing I was really, I was impressed. Uh-huh. And I like your sense of humor and I'm surprised that I don't hear more of this on the radio. Well, because there are a lot of deadheads on the radio. That's the problem. I'm notice is that while you're on AM? I bet you're part of it. Is that while you're AM? Is that why I'm on AM? Yeah. What does that mean? What do you know? Because it's like a little cry on FM. I wasn't. Well, now usually if I'm going to make a shot, it's going to be pretty low. Okay. Yeah, I work with the aviation mechanics. You have to have good aim to get mine. Oh, gosh. Well, I was just calling to make a comment. I want to ask why, you know, why do you say they're all free loading vithes? Is it really that bad? Do you always get like that? Yes. Mm-hmm. And I was looking to the radio and you're right about her. You know, I can't really defend her. You know, I try. I'm not one of my finest sponsors. It's my longest standing sponsor. It's a great place. Everybody loves it. They're terrific people. And she's got a bet that guy. And she's got a problem. Mm-hmm. What place was that? I didn't catch the name of that. It was the old famous pizza loft in Davy, pizza loft. Pizza loft in Davy. Okay. I'll remember that. Okay. So we don't have a great time. Thanks. But. How come I'm on a crappy AM station, huh? Making a crappy amount of cashier. I can't be on FM. Like the important people are cashier and over. And I want to tell you something. Okay. The market is down. Okay. Like way in a high-pingle would say. Mark this down. If Peter Leonard comes in here one more time ever again. And starts hooking me about people in radio, Bob Greenniss and Paulie that I don't want to know about those people. Don't you understand? I've been working overtime for 23 years to make sure I stay away from most of the people in radio as much as possible. I don't want to know from them. I don't want to be around them. I don't want to hear from them. And anybody who would get beyond vacation for a week by the way who's sitting around is telling us near the radio, I mean get a freaking life. Okay. Peter Leonard, a radio yenta. And by the way, you know, they have this amazing thing called a bathtub. Peter, you'd be a stockable wonders it could do for you. 560, 560, pound 560 on it. If you look up schmutz in the dictionary, his picture is next to it. Schmutz. God, what an appetizing way to start the morning. I'll let him get up my hands in these and puke. When J.P. was here, I wanted to get up my hands in these and morning, but for a different reason. Now we got this column coming in every morning to start my morning. What's going on? What's going on? Get out of here. Okay. Go back and take some more drugs and get out of here. If there's anybody who knows it, Riddle in, is that what you're telling me? He's doing Riddle in. And you people are giving your kids a riddle in. And let me say it again. I read in a non a non-scientologist publication. I'm going to say a very good one. I haven't into with health. The same thing about Riddle in and all this bull crap. Sugar shockers. That's what most of your kids are on. Sugar shockers and a lot of goddamn drugs. Like those kids out in Colorado. Prescripting drugs that made the mannequin psychotic and the dangerous. But all I know could fuse the public with the fact, let's start banning video games that will do it on. Yeah, that'll sound the problem. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Neo God. Yes, sir. Just to tell you, speaking of radio and some of the personalities, in fact, someone here at home was watching. I had to keep you going. And they had what I missed in the morning. Yeah, did man. Yeah, did. In fact, I had heard my mother said, I almost cracked up on the floor. Yeah, he's always talking about the farm. And somebody should tell just by looking at me, bought the farm a long time ago, man. I'm telling you. I guess that was always good direct. That it also, that program you're talking about. Yeah, I did see some of it. I watched about this great, you know, something the only thing more disgraceful about that than that show is the fact that nobody else here besides me today is pissed off about it. I think it was one of the worst programs. I mean, I want to listen to the guy. I mean, the guy who's a killer. It's not a question about who wants to listen to, but who wants to listen to watch a spectacle of a grown man and adults who's supposed to be an interview or a journalist or sort. Go on there and kiss his ass. And listen to what's so to the answer about God in Jesus and being forgiven for it. And what kind of crap is that? I'm telling you, I, yeah, I like it. And he's talking about, oh, he found God. Yeah. And God, do you think, like he was asking, do you think God forgives you? There's only one thing that you're defined human as a hot seat of an electric chair. That's the thing that you're defined his life. Definitely. That's what they should have done. And last but not least, also for that person that was trying to find. So, Henry, on the radio, he can go to audio.com. Okay. Yes. And he can, he can get a few, or the audio net. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. See ya. Back. Sales people are ISO. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham, with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by T.L.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's blind, but also known as a busta. Always talking about what he wants, just hit him in broke ass. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub of the guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it up the passenger side of his best friends' ride. Try and a collar at me. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No scrub. No no no no no no. Okay, what pretty one at five sixty WC. I've got a hand code word pregame show here today. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line plenty of openings. No waiting here today. Yeah, she was okay. She was a little when she said she first of all being on AM radio. Is that why you're on AM radio? You're a little like talk show host. Yeah, that's why I'm AM radio because we can handle a handicap here. It's still be the crap out of everybody else. How do you like that sweetheart? We'd art out. Be on on a crappy AM station and nobody can hear. I don't hear it the left away on the ass end of the dial. We sure beats being on 1900 on the dial like laughing, which is that on the area by the way? Oh, we didn't even more about that. Oh, and by the way, I almost forgot about this. I heard Hank yesterday talking about the rumor. We talked a we never hear these rumors that very jackass was in the building with his superior from the Harold. Talk to our superior. Talk at a Gregory Benjamin Reed about how we ought to lay off on him a little bit. Now, I wonder where he heard that wild story. Are we laying off on Barry on a Harold? No, no chance. We hate the Harold and we hate that chip month with a guy named Fat Cheek. Okay, Barry Jackass, who couldn't get a story straight. If somebody put an oozy up in the rectum. That's pretty interesting. I wonder where Hank got that. Maybe just made it up. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. How you doing, Bill? Okay, sir. I was spotted about the female that called about people off. Yeah. What is it saying? She just wanted to be heard. I don't like that. I put it like a piece of it until I went to that place. Yeah. It's very good. It is good. Trust me, believe me. I do believe you. Very good. Reef their food all the time. Yeah. Let's call it theta, like to show. Thanks a lot, pal. You're funny, yeah. I am. I like just look at me. Okay, I have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The prime prime. First of all, nobody lets a caller's calling and attack their sponsors on any radio show. Unless there are more on. Okay? I love the Rennidia. In addition to which he's full of crap anyway. And if you didn't like it, sweetheart, thank you so much for going out of your way to call and share that with us. Thank you so much for your negative hostile comments. I saw a cut of, you know something. That's probably that Sherry bitch from Boca. You're not fooling me. That's who that was. That's who that was. But one that loves me. It loves me. I love me. Until I don't give it a goddamn backbeat boy. Tickets would try to have it in the first place for a damn daughter and her punky niece. I'm saving this letter. Okay, Sherry. And I'm also not giving your last name on here because I don't want to embarrass you too much. Although I'm my, I'm my change by mind. The worst letter in the history of the human race, even a poison pen letter, would at least be more fun than that. Starts out with the big keys, which of course a lot of women are real real good at that, you know? And some guys too, by the way, he ain't here no more. CT. But there are a lot of people real real good at that. They dangling out in front of your nose. Oh yeah, you're great. I love you. You're tastefully Miguel, the best people is 98 degrees. Yeah. I'll say it again. Okay, he is as ugly as a pilot dog do. Okay, it is Nick from 98 degrees. But there's something about him, you know? He can sure do it. He's kind of like David Gates. He's got a real sexy voice. He just looks like craft. Everything in. Does he have a last name, by the way? Can we find out from this audience what Nick's last name is from 98 degrees? I've actually somebody out there knows the answer to that. Since they don't bother putting it on a liner notes, I mean, wouldn't that be the best report? At least we know all their full names like Nick Carter and how we derone all of that stuff. How could we know the name of the 98 degrees? Even at Al Bino. Does anybody want to know his name? No. We want to know what he's going away. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. You know, I just called you and I like to tell you I am not hostile and nor am I negative. All right. And my concern was, if you're going to, and I don't want to go to the restaurant down because this gentleman lives in Miami Lake where I live. And I didn't know that until I went in. You're going to speak so highly of the place. It's least if I say, Neil, sent me, they should make sure they wait on me. Hand and foot, which they did. They should make sure the pizza had a little extra sauce or a little extra cheese. And I was just, I was satisfied and very happy with everything in the place except the pizza the way it came to me. Is this the symbol of the fold on? Is that how we're going to call before? Call it back a second time. Let me say it again. I'm not interested sweetheart. Not interested. And nobody know they don't put a little extra sauce and a little extra cheese on. Well, you say that Neil sent me, okay? But you wanted to call a second time to give us, you know what you wanted to give us? She wanted to give us a little extra. Yeah. Calls a second time. Do I have to, do I have to test my case anymore on this? I don't think so. I rest my case, okay? The state closes its goddamn case. We rest on our fat laurels. Calls a second time. Maybe they didn't like you, okay? So maybe they didn't like the ugly look on your post. Maybe they didn't like your crappy attitude. They should put extra sauce and cheese on it. When you say that Neil sent me, since when? You're a crazy person, lady. Crazy. You understand? CRA, SIE, crazy. And have a nice day. Let's share. And he don't think he lives in Miami Lakes anyway. Does he live in Miami Lakes? Just ponytail. He doesn't live in Miami Lakes. What are you talking about? You crazy bitch. Let's share. Turning music. Let's share. What is it? Nick's last name. Let's share. I'll say, C.H.E.Y. someone called the same. What kind of an aim is that? Sounds frog to me. And you know, he's a frog? No, no. No, no. But he sure can sing. I'll tell you. Hey. Thought I was going to make you over with that kid. Talker of it. No, he's got it. And those are this. From the chin down, I'll tell him. Oh, my gosh. And I'm so happy. But who's a more beautiful from the chin down. Nick and she are a pretty regular. I'll tell you, even as ugly as he is, he's a lot prettier than she is. Oh, she is. Skanky man. If you were to see that, people were running. People were fleeing. They were running the exit. Screaming when I saw that bitch. I was a mobile in candle. Hello. I'm going to. Yes, sir. That is what psycho bitch. Wasn't that great? Calls Vegas second time. Hey, Nick, flashlighty. You want extra cheese or extra sauce? Yeah. You got to order it that way. Here's something extra for you. I don't even know how to do it. You're a charred person. I mean, you need to order it. There's all the cheese you want. Sweet. There's some more cheese. She's confusing that show with the glory of the show. You say, the old sentient. That's where you could be extra sauce in the X-T-C. That's right. I didn't say hi. I didn't want to switch gears to that to back the pizza. But you're talking about Godfather's yesterday. If you want to reminisce a little bit, you know where that first guy got father started? Yeah. Do I want to know where it's started? No, do you know? No. Yeah. You're original. Oh, my God. Yeah. You've been a little history there, don't you? Yeah. I was there five times in the year five years. What's the X-T-C. What's the X-T-C? In the hurricane? Right. Did you ever get to the runs that hot? Did I ever get to the runs? Yeah. I had to run once in the whole. No. Another Midwest chain. It's in fact it's only in the breast. Never heard of it. Runs it. All I know is they had great steak houses. They were in Omaha. Yeah. Yeah. Countless. Countless. I just wanted to remember. I wish I could remember the names. Every one of them was better than the other one. They're all great. Yeah. And today's was one in Countless. And another one. Especially good because Ron Fraser was buying all the meals. So it was really good. And if you said meals, then you could a little extra gristle. No, a little extra. I'll have to go deal with him. Have a good day. See you. Yeah. Just mention my name. Anywhere you go. You go to the barber shop. Thanks for a cheese if you mentioned my name. Like you said, you go to the glory hole. You'll find extra cheese. Especially that one in the Westland. God. A certifiable crazy person. That's what you are, lady. A crazy person. And by the way, Jeff don't want your business. Stay away from the loft. He's not going to give you no extra sauce. No extra papi, Rooney. And certainly no extra. God. What do you say about a crazy person like that? That's fucking bitch. Baby, you melt my jockey shorts. Don't need that beer. The things I want to feel. Tell me that you're real. Don't tell me you've stopped to wonder about me. Tell me that you're a good man. You're a fool of me, you're a friend. Tell me that that's your role. And I just didn't tell. Baby, I'm looking at this wedding. And there's something to eat inside. Baby. Baby. Get them open now. I'm fumbling up and down. Just frowning. And they didn't say they didn't come from now. No, they didn't. I'm feeling for your image. Get me to me. I'm so upset to be. To find a better image. All right. Because I don't want to. I have to get a piece. I don't need to be a spot. But if you get a book done. I don't need to be a person. I want to be a fool. 145. I'm assuming that's about Brittany. I think it might be about. No, no. Does anybody care if they're real? No. 560, 560, 560. On the AT&T line, I wasn't paying too much attention. I was busy thinking about my pizza loss lady. You know, it just goes to show you. Just like that episode was raw. No matter how long I do this show, no matter how many years, how many months, how many days, how many hours, there's always something new and grow test. But unacceptable. Always. When you think you've seen it all, you've heard it all. First it started out yesterday with his letter from this bitch up there in Voka. And I'll get this bitch who calls not only once, but twice. And you think I'm top out of women in this town. I'm just telling you the way it is. I only wish. And I don't really that but I always go out of my way to be nicer to the women than I have no idea why because they act like, oh well, I'm a woman. You have to treat me. You go easy. Okay fine. And then they come up with crap like this. We didn't want to hear it the first time. Bitch, do we want to hear it the second time? Oh, file a complaint guy. Demo to guide them. Federal cheese commission. So you think you mean I've cheese? We'll take up a cheese collection. How's that? I'll get myself a guy named bottle at the house. And every time I cut some of the cheese, I'll save it for you sweetheart. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. There. Are you trying to rate pizza? I'm trying to rate it. I don't go near highly assur. No, no, thank you. 560560. We're not looking for any more pizza joints by the way that discussion not a pizza's closed. Okay. We got a roll of cheese. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. I just love these people. Are you trying to place up there in a sweet water? It's great. No thanks. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. These are more rules. My friend. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you. I went down there many times. I got family comes all the way down from poker just to go to that place. These are his soup, sir. But the problem is that this lady lives in David, which I do. She's used to David Pizza, which is made with cow pies. Uh-huh. So once you acquire a taste for each another, real stuff is no good. I want to ask a question, though. Talk about pizza. You remember years ago, because we came down here about the same time. There was a pizza Italian kind of place. They had a poker with. Uh-huh. They had a logo with a boat. What do you call those things from Venice? Condola. I got one with a single in it. Yeah. They were down on federal highway. On federal highway. Yeah. They were on federal highway just past the bridge. The tunnel. No. You know, remember? I remember a place that we right by the My Kai many years ago called Gigi's that was a great 10-in-a-resper. No, no, no. That was one of the best. That was one of the best joints we ever had in this town. Gigi's and their long gone years and years ago. The My Kai unfortunately is still there. But Gigi's is long gone. Well, this one pizza place. Everybody in Florida they'll use to go down there and pizza. And then they opened up a small chain and they kind of... I think out of four water deals, much as humanly possible. I don't go anywhere near there. Yeah, I know what to mean. By the way, Jeff, when I went in there, I didn't get no extra cheese. I got a grin. His fingernails turned black. Oh, that's a great. Okay, well, I have a great day. Right. Yeah, this big. I also thought that I'm going to tell him. We got her phone number there. We're going to have Jeff come over personal and give her some. She's right on her post. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? I don't want to show. All right. Neil, that's on pitch. She wants some cheese. I have some in my pants that I need to release. All right. Take it easy, Neil. Thank you, sir. We're taking out of a collection. Everybody donate their cheese. Louise, okay? Whatever her name was, Louise sounds good. I mean, she has sounded uptight. You know, Louise just sounds like an uptight name. She's Louise. Frankos was the boat place. And I remember what he's talking about. Frankos. Yeah. We like kind of the defranco family by any chance. No. Oh, talk about a bad group to defranco family. Oh, God. Take God. They went away fast. You know what I'm saying? Oh, maybe a little as paneless as possible. What do we real fast? 560, 50560, Pont560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, we're talking about importance of like 98 degrees. And these people are talking about that. Louise, cut the cheese, you know? It's wrong with you. You like it? Yeah. Yeah. Please. I take back everything I said about them. 98 degrees. They are going to be so big. I mean, gigantic sensational. I don't care what you say. I wasn't going to say anything about them. Oh, you guys pizza. Some people are calling to say. I just wanted to say. Didn't I just get through say first of all? There's a, that was in three guys pizza. It doesn't exist anymore. It was a two guys. There was a place there in Laudahil, which, of course, everybody is a gun out of business. There, since all the shfarts is moved in, everybody went out of business. Was there was it two guys? Some guys. Some guys. Some guys. Some guys. Yeah, they had real good full catch. Soon as they said full catch, they shut the doors because we knew they were make believe they were ghitos. Not a time. Yeah, it was a place there on 441. It was legendary. gigantic. Eight-door all the time. Not far from plantation general hospital. Long gone, right? Yeah, long gone. We don't want to talk anymore. Peach, okay. I just had two slices without the crust by the way. For that guy that's all worried about my health. About the atkins and the scatkins. I didn't eat any crust. Not even a tiny little bit. I saved the crust for the weeds. It's in my pants. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond talk about one dimensional man. This audience just unbelievable. We don't want to talk about no goddamn pizza. Okay. Let's talk about something important. Like a 90 degree. I need 0.6. For the spiced girl. In a monitor. Send him back where they came from. Send him to see the queen. Ricky Martin.