The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The next one is the anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. The anti-crypt. Maybe. Historically. Yes, and now. You. And I've got no theater. We're so man, don't be fooling me. Yeah. The fight for lips. And move that slip. Yeah. And the fire's pace that leaves you and me. The keys of the leaves is just bitter. They've been fed as painers. But like a face man, I'm so screwing you in. Correct them. If they're not cooked, can it be? Oh, the reason pain derives me. You're ruining society's own pain. It's like a penny to me. Well, say that it's brave. The blood's inside you and say you're a bit better. If I had to stand straight up. Now while the real fruit has gone, I'm not tongue-off in your own fruit. Please add it up to your senses. I got a must-have faith, a bee bee. My friends told him number two. You're a human jackpot. But I prefer you to. Yeah. If they're not cooked, can it be? Oh, the sweetest made to rise to you. Don't move inside and I'll agree. It's like a penny to me. Now put away that key while the darling, I'm growing in stress. Just me. I won't hurt you. Think you're not delved when I see real your taboo. And I lost it all down with the knock-on fruit. When will I do? Please miss me little like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down when I get done with your tans. Take the knock-on fruit and it's too big. Yeah, yeah. Oh! Oh! And the leg bone. Warded center for buckle-off. That crazy hop-off is a big hit. And put it in early when end up picked one off. Like a pirate. And there's a lot of stuff in the middle of the way. That's what I'm putting on the break. But handers. Yeah. Let's take the first minute. That's what is way to do. Take the fuck behind the goal. Now let's push it. Oh! That was a nice, fast break. I'd record the antichrist. Okay, I mean I am just an apple-plucked-tick. But anyway. Seriously, what is that man doing in here? Pappa, pappa, pappa repeating the same thing over and over and over and over and over and all of it. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pés. Please come back someday but not too soon. Not this year. Not this century. Not this millennium. Okay, this one's almost over. Wait till I get the new millennium, which really starts in 2001. And then maybe I'll talk to you about it. What a game last night. Did I tell you that Dallas would win? Oh no. By the way, the winning team would have four goals tonight. There you go. That's right. Not the final score or the right winner. But what a game anyway. You know, something I can't deal with these people and this is the, I mean there's only one sport that even comes close to the excitement of last night's game there. And you know, and in this country where they think that a bunch of guys running around in tight pants is a great sport or a bunch of big spaches running around slamming jam in the ball looking down to feed into a basket. L-balling each other like all over the court. Walking. And if they call, I don't want to go into it. If they call all the traveling violations in the NBA, the games were last seven hours. But at any rate, be that as it may. What a game. Unbelievable. So people. And for the first time now in five years, they had four years in a row with sweeps. Okay. Four straight, which is not good for the game. It's not good for Canada. It's not good for the US. It's not good for the world. Okay. If we're going to really make peace life in Kosovo, the Stanley Cup finals got to go beyond four games in the will now. But those people that thought, why, you know, Dallas is just going to blow them right out. They had their hands full last night, baby. And I'm like Madonna's got that broken limperist. He's probably out for the series. Great game. And very jackass right now. Very, you're so perfect. You fit in the, the Harold. Just like Greg Reed fits in his general manager of this company. Perfect. A perfect fit. That's right. Just like somebody's finger belongs in Todd Rex. Yeah. Yeah. A perfect fit. Just look it in there. Believe me, you'll have plenty of room. In fact, maybe the whole fist. I'm sure no problem at all. The whole arm. Yeah. Very jackass right. Less NHL on ABC ABC ABC and ESPN which spent all that money to buy the NHL rights up away from Fox. They're really going to telecast for regular season the days next season. And then they're going to spend all the money on the playoffs. That's why they got the rights evidently. As opposed to Fox is the 11 weekends that they had broadcast. And very jackass is ABC will show multiple playoff games. But it will be difficult to top in production efforts of Fox. Oh yeah, well that great glowing park right. And that 15 minute pre game show that they gave up this year because it was a lame duck. Fox, which is done. Everything possible to try to generate ratings that just aren't there. Well, you're right about that, Barry, because this country is not interested in hockey. This town is not interested in hockey. This country does no a great sport from their ass. It's strictly a Canadian thing. So being Canadians I am or at least close from like across the lake like Ontario. At least I'm somebody can appreciate a great thing. Anybody could have watched that game last night and not have been simulated. Not just been on the edge of their seat. It was phenomenal. It was great. It was dynamite. And I'll turn on a station where they talking about a bunch of seven foot Spartans. And the next, you know, a train speed well listen, a train speed well at. And Bobby night this. Although I'll be honest with you, I agree with Bobby night in this particular case. Which will get into that. But before we do get into that. Got my check this morning this morning. I get it yesterday when it was due. No. You know the best part of the whole deal on this. I had a call Gregory did he call me to apologize for the oversight. No. I had a call him yesterday afternoon to get into a policy. When he came on the phone he was already apologizing. But was he going to call me? No. Of course not. Not his style. And then he comes in here this morning after he knows I've already had the check handed. Me with my name must spelled by the way. I think they called Sam to find out how to use spell Rogers with a D. Is there a D in Rogers? No way. I spell it. No. But that's okay. It comes in here to give me a bulletin that you know theoretically I'm being paid early. Yeah. I've only been on a payroll for 21 months okay. But all of a sudden you're excuse me. But you know theoretically you're being paid for the first two to the 15th of June. So you're getting it before like the 15th is up. Yeah. I mean you talk about people who what about I always told you about him. He tells so many tales that he believes his own bull crap. He really doesn't believe that. Even though I've been on a certain schedule for 21 months and the check is dated with my name is spelled. They did the tenth which was yesterday. How if it was written yesterday and they always do have the day it was written on there. They're not some other day. I've noticed. How if it was written yesterday was the check was there any chance it was going to get here today? No. And of course today the in Friday and I'm not going to be able to deposit till after two o'clock which means it goes on Monday's business. This buys them four extra days. Not of course that they're like short in the account and after cover the checks here, they're easily hand them up with all the millions of dollars that they're making. And nobody knows where the money is going because it's your ain't going on clothing. Slimey. Smarmy. Smarmy. In fact, Todd Drek and the bee's is a marriage made in heaven. Is that interesting? I mentioned we were talking about something this morning. I mentioned the word slime the George and like within two seconds after I said the word slime, the door opener was Todd Drek. Now that's a true story. You're a witness. Okay. True story. Couldn't the script it back? I just the word slime just spewed out of my mouth and the door opener there it was. You know, all of this is why me glory. You can almost smell it all the way down the hall. But I got the check and life goes on. Okay. I mean, it's not like I don't have tunicles to rub together. Just the idea that when it's supposed to be paid, you give people a check and you don't play little games. Okay. But I have to stand Wayne in the John Henry. They need their money. See we're bringing it all this money not for our own benefit. We're bringing it in for his ego so we can have all those sports franchises on. There you go. Nice rock to have by the way Greg. But yeah, I mean he's got the first time you dropped his pants in here. It's 11 after 10 at 5. It's 60 WQM. It's half a lot of a bitch. Jessica, Jessica, it's ready now. Or the American National. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. This is a trash. This is it. Well, this thing can you see. That felt totally right. Just don't cry. See we have it. After five nights we grew to the shore. And like so. It's a trash. You're not like. Oh, we're all. We're all. So can I please dreamy. And you're not like that. So can I. So can I. So can I. So can I. No. No. No. Of course. You know, why do they do that? Why do we have to waste our time with this? I mean this brought. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. So we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. And we had a lot of money. That's a fact flag. I don't get it, but that was just, I had a play that I was special. That was the low light of the evening. Game was great, but the National Anthem was really unacceptable. And then, of course, they kept showing the players on the bench and like some of them, like Mike Peck on Buffalo, you could see that we're shwerking like trying desperately to keep from just breaking out Lindy Ruff 2 in hysterical laughter. Like, what the hell was that, bitch? That was, I don't know what you want, I'd like better. That one or that Britney Spears, there we got. Here's a traffic report, a mobile and dear field, hello. Hey Neil, by the way, you should have heard that through the cell phone man, I've fled from here to here. No, it'll kill you. Hey, some more on driving a municipal garbage truck. You're talking small animals died during a playing a bag. Yes, that was horrible. Some more on driving a municipal garbage truck. Keep the bridge at 10th Street, Northbound on I-95. Yeah. Exactly. And to half the truck is sitting underneath there and they got three lanes of traffic. So anybody going north on on 95, you know, off it's sample because it's backed up to 10th Street and I mean, it's blocked so I don't know, we got one lane open and it's a bunch of never-switch standing around there looking at it and saying, what the hell we're going to do now? Thanks a lot. Thanks for the warning, sir. You bet. God bless you and I apologize for your ears, okay? Just a screeching, madening, howling. I'd feel like I like a dead animal is, oh, unbelievable. But hey, listen, no, everybody is into that crap. In fact, you know, that's what it's sometimes the funniest thing that happens. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Look at the response we got here on that big game last night. Are these people into it or what? Are they fired up and excited? No. They're sitting around picking each other's nose. I don't know what they're doing. And by the way, I forgot to tell you there's nobody here today. Today is officially the weekend everybody build out. I don't know why because the kids are not a school yet, but more like coming to work this morning, it was like a picnic without the ants. It was great. There was no traffic. Everybody's gone, baby. So if you see a lot of diminishing return here, like yesterday, which was a real tooth poor, just waiting till today. So when I'm getting back to my check, I'm not going to let up on that easy. The fact is that you people over the nation, I know dead needs who are more timely with their payments than you people are, okay? This company is famous, whether you win money from power 96 or you're on a payroll or you have a bonus coming God forbid, which isn't doing it any particular time unless it's written in blood in your contract. This is the way they do business. They'll just hang out with it. It's like they're in tears when they finally have to let go of the cash. Like I said yesterday, where is all of that money going? Where is it going? Who is sucking up all of that money from the measly fortunes that they're making with these radio stations? Somebody's, it's your ankle and I'm clothing. I'll guarantee you that. No, in fact, I'm serious. That one of the bee's is where the slime green suit. That's where the slime came in before our buddy walked into the door this morning and proceeded to hot me a try to be a hit. We're half an hour, pup pup pup, pup, pup, pup, you know. On and on and on. We don't do tapes, okay, Todd? We don't do airchets, we don't... we're not interested in busy work. We're not impressed by your bullcraft, okay? Stay there. Here's BOKA, hello. Hey, neol, it's going on. That's good. Hey, I guess you didn't hear the news because there's no big celebration. But the last night during the Kosovo investigation, the MSNBC scrolled across the screen that the Christian coalition is now dead. Sorry, I hate to break the news too. We had it on yesterday. The IRS not dead. The IRS rejects Christian coalition tax exemptions, but that doesn't make them dead. They'll find some loophole around it. Look, it's Bernie Shaw didn't interview with a supposed expert yesterday. And he started comparing them to the Sierra Club. He said if they play their cards, right? Maybe they'll regain the status of a Sierra Club type organization. Yeah. So if they can be that too, let's say it's a victory for America. Somebody yanked their teeth out. It's the greatest time. I love it. God bless the whole. That Robertson may be sending them to Guatemala or something. Okay, we don't want to be able to. We want them in Switzerland. I'll tell you that. I'll give you a second. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Thanks for the old news. IRS rejects Christian coalition exemption. Oh, good question. That's right. I'll let her to the editor know one of the papers this morning. I don't keep track of what I'm clippin' him out. It makes no difference. From Jeannie Goatsman gets men and Davy who says, thank you so much for putting the report of the concert. I don't remember the memory of Cassie Bernal on the June 1st front page. That's where events have eternal significance belong. Eternal significance. You get to drift away. This is going. However, the headline was mistaken about Cassie's legacy. Her legacy was the opposite of believing yourself. Her legacy was believe in completely depend upon Jesus Christ. So, Jeannie gets men and Davy. Was that her legacy or was that her legacy? Was that her legacy or was it like a see take the bullet for Jesus? I thought that's what it was. She took a bullet for the Lord. Isn't that what it was? Take a bullet for the Lord. And take a good animal just to be on the safe side. All these ridiculous silly ass people man trying to make her into a big martyr into a big hero. The young lady got blown away in a prime of her life. And it's like a wonderful thing. While the Lord decided it was her time. Yeah, well, how come that was? How come the Lord didn't decide it was like, you know, Hitler's time before all those people died? Wow. Oh, and then you see the thing with time magazine, you know, they're doing his agonizing thing. They always do the man of the year thing. Now they're doing the man of the millennium. And they decided that they had to take out Jesus and Buddha and all these other people from the list of some people tried to put in there because obviously they're not from the 20th century. Even though there are so many people who insist, oh yes, they're here. It's just what they're here. But they're not. So unfortunately, once they took all those votes out of there, I guess who rose to the top of the list is being the most important person of the 20th century. Which the the vote has always been with time magazine, not the best person, but the most influential person. The person who had the greatest impact on the year or in this case on the millennium. So Hitler is like, uh, heads and shoulders above. And now they're doing everything in their power because they're getting so much flack and so much heat about that that and getting so many emails, hysterical that now they're trying to make yes talk, robbing the man of this now. Now is there any person in his right mind who believes that yet talk robbing with the most influential person of this century? No, no. So I guess they want to pacify a lot of hysterical Jews out there that are a psychotic. Is there any doubt that Hitler was the most, they're only two who could be close. What is FDR and the other one is Hitler? Because FDR also took the country out through the depression and through the world war against both Germany and Japan. So you know, and and served for elected four times three and a half terms. Those are the only two people that could possibly be. But you know, so if time magazine is going to do something like that and have it have any meaning, then you know, then stick with the result as opposed to try to manipulate it to pass a vibe, a bunch of hysterical people who are just professionally pissed off and just don't understand what it's supposed to mean. Did you see all in sensitive about it? Oh, God. That's life in America. We constantly have to pacify all these people who are professionally pissed off. 26 past 10. I have five 60 years of psychotic station for the 90s. That's how Joe just stuck his head in here with his Yankees outfit again. Joe County has changed it since Monday. I'm sure he's going to end of course with the Yankees being at the White House yesterday, second each other's ass, which I'm a suicide colleague about this morning. Here for the first time in many weeks, I stopped there in my channel, surf in this morning. And he was calling, what he called Hillary, color a buck tooth bitch or something like that. Some days out of his mind is what he is. Too much time. I think he needs to go back to the farm. Come on, Tom. Cool it out a little bit back to the farm. All right. All right. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to go back to the farm. I'm going to make a thing from my teeth. Yeah. And some thoughts on what if you want to take me to the farm. That thing will go away. Don't think you know. I'm going to make a thing from teeth. You should make it a thing. But you could go to jail every week. All right. Probably won't follow. You'll end up with a friend on the beach. She was 25 but she's just a few. Look at me. I've been my life. I'm free. Daddy called the call. My best I'll protect you. Because I'll have to tell me. No, no, no. Good. Good. And I thought you think right now. Oh, my show. She's a mermaid. Oh, right. She's a mermaid. She's a mermaid. She's a mermaid. Yeah, there's no one who knows. She's a mermaid. She's a mermaid. She's a mermaid. She's a mermaid. I've seen this trophy five years. You want to ask me that question about what I accepted from a woman. I think in her case, I might make an exception. Really? Am I making a little progress? That's a lead. That may be like a 5.99. No, I think she's really a smaller adult thing. I mean, I know. You don't have to be deaf dumb and blind. She's smaller. I don't know what it is. Huh? I'm serious. I can't imagine any red blooded male. And even some of us who may be a little more pink than red in the blood of category. I can't imagine anybody that wouldn't just want to mop that in a heartbeat. Or at least, and of course, she can arrange you 17. So she can remain a virgin. I mean, you need to have all the oral sex you want, right? And you're still a virgin. Oh, that's a good question. Huh? How about if you only did her breasts? You know, well, I don't like it too graphic. Anyway, that's right. That's too. They might explode or implode or something like that. They might, or you might. Tourists here room with the corpse. Talk about payback. You know, those poor German bastards. Atlantic City, New Jersey. Two German tourists spent the night on a motel room bed on a where that's a box spring contained a dead body police set on Thursday. Yeah. Well, I would just try to pay back to Germans for all their niceties, you know. A couple whose names were not released took a $36 night room when they had the burgundy motor in. Just off the city's casino strip. Well, what do you want for $36 bucks a night? And was there any extra charge? No. What are you complaining about? Although they complained to the management about the smell, they stayed at. Oh, man. They stayed in the room overnight according to officials in the morning. They were given another room. So even though it smelled bad, the price was right and they didn't want to complain too much. Because they were afraid that they might have to go take a shower. The identity and age of the man was not known how long the body had been there. A box spring containing a dead body. Do you follow this at all? No. I guess they were as pockets. They were just storing them there until they had a better place to stick them. I guess I don't know. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I knew how are you? Okay. Good. You ready for the weekend? Yeah. Yes, you are. Could you do me a favor? Do you think you could play every quest for me? Sure. Usually I'm out on the road. Anything you like sweetheart, the town is dead. Everybody's gone out of town. Anything it'll kill some time today. I'm no dummy. I got my check. I'm ready to leave right now. You got your check. Got my check. I'm ready to leave. That's not too bad. I'll regret now trying to manipulate the truth. Oh, it's really, really technically. All right. Yeah, but can you get it in before it to apply? I don't need to get it in. I'll I can cover. Whatever you like. You can cover. I can't even cover dinner this weekend for the 80 people I'm taking. Okay. But what I want to for is my boss. Yeah. I'm not going to be off this with my relentless boss. He's an asshole. Yeah. Well, you know my boss. My boss. My boss. Let me martes. Yeah. And I was stuck in the office with him and he's never heard prison bitch. Oh. Can you imagine? Huh. Where the hell's he been hiding? I don't know. I don't rock, I think. He's in a room closet somewhere. Yeah. He's that the biggest office is. The problem. I'm not going to kind of applaud you. Yeah. There you go. Okay. You got it. Thank you. Have a good weekend. And back to you. They say I love his chap. That what we're doing is wrong. They tell us we should be a shape. Where that was when it was. But our cherries each moment with you. That's how it was so black. Yeah. In my life. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. You do. When we're like this. We're like this. You're my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not a like a the man. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go out yeah. I can'tụip it all up. That would fit fine. As long as I am doing you I don't mind doing time. Be today! Cos fairubon, prison biche. My prison bitch and I , пос muluik robe Bow I gتى your bra my iron and ca- dress for more owned but now you are my friends I knew so I would just give you romantic I guess that's who we're set from. Oh, oh, oh. There's a bitch in me who can't control the better. Oh, wait. That now can be all my prisoners. Oh, oh. I'm not breathing bit your breathing bit and your rough condition. I'm only here to go and request how to tell me that's a lie. I'm tired of this and I'm here to get away. It's been two days, two seven years. Not seven times a day. I'm your prisoner. You're me and fall, may I? Shimmer. I'll be in me, Shimmer. That's the fucking wrong. I'm not a half. I thought that I could break away from now on, losing hope. I can't guard the pain of the sorrow. I'm not a bitch. I'm being with you. With the bitch. I'm being with you. I'm burning up the light that I can hardly win. I'm being with you. Oh, I'm being with you. When I can out, I'm ready. You're so afraid. I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never think goodbye. You're not like a real mother to make things too dark. On the second bath, I'll clean up the day if you want to kill your kids if never be seen. Damn! I'm 불쉬, one? You want to learn? In general티's going he got a Roman toi pun for a grade little. to fix their baby in this video and the unanimous vote everybody said Todd Dreck in a began with an F the first word yeah that's what they said they said Todd Dreck everybody we all raise their hands and said yeah you first 21 before level at 560 WQA and the first the lotion in the basket going and pop you Who told you that the woods are gospel, Through angels, the Holy Cat sirensidhillول Обdat, Azadru'm That's 45 at 560WK, we got to hang Goldberg Show, a two-way talk and baseball with Donald A. Brennan at the 6 o'clock 630 to free game in the Yankees in the Marlins, which are going to have a big crowd tonight, big crowds over the weekend because everybody is going to see the Yankees, of course, which is very, very sad, but at least the concessions people are happy, there will really be some bodies in there for a change. As far as the Marlins are concerned, there is no interest whatsoever. I love that kind of call yesterday, he was one of the all-time best. But I want to try to say, oh, well, just because you don't care, I know he's interest, but of course, so there's so much else to do, why would anybody go over there and see that crap? Yeah, he was great. Yeah, right. Here's the mobile in Weston, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I'm so glad you guys are check, so I don't have to hear your wine and the whole damn show again. Yeah. All right. Thanks for the word. Thanks for listening to four hours of your interview. I'm going to show him the five 60 QA. Thanks very much for listening for hours every day. Another guy. Just like I said, right at the end of the show yesterday, which I haven't had, you must just, maybe you want out to take a leak or something right there at the very end when I mentioned that a lot of people like you that call and call chapter and verse everything I say with their hostility and their voice, pretending that they're all pissed off and I'm a jackass, et cetera. Air every single moment that I'm on, sir, gives you sexual excitement. Why don't you admit it? You're squeezing it right now. That's where that radio cranked up here in the sound of your own voice. He squeezing it. I'm telling you. Here's a mobile in West Palm, hello. I got a question for you, aren't we? You still here? I'm still here. Yeah. Is there anybody watching the Stanley Cup finals? Needing my question. Needing one. Needing one, means that I could still not caught on in the US. Do I care about that? I don't care. Oh, but maybe more people are still eating. I don't have an L.I. screen and fish food, but fish food is a thousand times better. See, I don't come on here to try to talk to the greatest number of people out there or say the things that are going to appeal to the masses. Hockey is far in a way the most exciting sport. Did you see the game last night, sir? I saw very no roads. Did you see the game last night, sir? Very simple question. Yes or no? It's okay. He can't answer the question. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60, unemobile one line. One of the great games. I mean, this is going to be one hell of a series that already is two barn burning games. Great hitting. I mean, just phenomenal penalty killing again by Buffalo, great goal-tending. I mean, what more could you possibly want? Unbelievable action. In this guy, you know, want like a parrot. Well, it's never going to catch on. I don't care if a catch is on or not. Catch is on big all over the rest of the world all over Europe, all over Canada. Very big, bigger, bigger than anything else. And even in Europe, next to soccer, bigger than anything else. Soccer's never got to catch on here either. I hate soccer, but does that mean the rest of the world is going to stop playing it? No. No. See, that you might be a this guy reminds me of you. The role of it through his eyes. Everything he judges based on, no, it's serious. It's like that guy that called yesterday who said that he wouldn't have written these spares right away. Bag it. Because you're a huge judge, everything through your own personal judgment. Because you don't have a broad understanding that not everybody, not everything is the way you see the world. I don't do that anymore than anybody else. Please, you're obsessed with that. Just like that one this everybody does. Okay. No, they don't. Most people do that. But of course, being a fair minded like I am. No, it's true. I understand that like with this guy. I understand he don't like it. But don't give me in a song at a dance like I like a mini lecture there. And then it had to make me go through 45 seconds like a miniature time direct session like before I can get an answer. Did you see the game or not? Very simple. Yes, sir. No, no, no, no. So how can he talk about it? How does he know that he was a fantastic sporting event that was the most exciting thing by far going on last night unless he was getting laid which I doubt. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the mobile one line. And that's what we'll get people like that. And right now how many times have I told you that? 50 million times? Five trillion times? Like that guy to call Hank two days ago with that bogus called it nobody was talking about his answer. His aspiration from a Zelbo. What are these people know here? Huh? What do they know? Besides we're to find a good weed which of course is something we said for that. But other net what the hell do they know about? What do they care about? This has been, this has been like a job for 23 years. This has been like a like a certain like an expedition like being like being an explorer, you know, like Vasco de Gamma. I'll do no will in the summer searching search out. I don't even know what I'm looking for. Okay. I've found it yet. Not even close searching for the answers of what these people are all about. One thing they're all about like the first two right over the box today. Hate, hostility. They're pent up. You can hear it in their voice. You like that, you know. Oh yeah. I don't give a crap. I've just got a big fat check more than some of you're going to make it in here. Okay. So blow it out your ass. I don't give a crap. And you're all listening. You know what is all this I do. I get home yesterday afternoon. The phone rings. Here's Jane the new lady from my bank. Let's go. It certainly happens to be calling me yesterday after I ripped them a big fat ass. To tell me everything's going to be fine. We'll have lunch someday. All of us are going to go on vacation during the afternoon all next week. She just started two days ago. She's going on vacation. All right. And about how I saved her husband's life for the act in that. And every detail about his cholesterol was this. And it's to recognize with that. And pop up. I mean unbelievable. The suction was so hard that all the inside of my phone were on the floor by the time that phone ended. Okay. I'd like yesterday to get with the VH, the NHL one license plate within five seconds. We had 6,000 cops calling into a trace to plate. And within 10 seconds after that we got the guys the ladies husband calling in who drives the car with a song and a dance about that story. Airbnb person who speaks English or even understands 10 words of it in a sound is listening to the show right now. The only problem is that 94% of more than that is. But they're all upset. They're all pissed off. They're all full of that. And that. And just like in a little bit of the blur like the piece soup. Yeah. Their heads are just spinning around like it's right on their backs, spewing in every direction. That's okay. We can handle it. Here's a mobile and pop up at OB. Chill out. Yeah, they'll kept for people driving north up. Five. Okay. We already had it to you. Thank you so much. And have you in the phone. Thank you. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. There's a one called drop-saw. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm a diabetic doctor at different school. You're right. I'm a diabetic doctor at different grade. Yeah. And she's with me in the car. And I told her how far do you are, but she never hears you. She doesn't believe me. And I'll remind you we test from the piece you've talked about before. Have you ever got like a sock over the phone or something? No, no, no. The word it's all I ever heard in my life. It's Stimspane at the Nokia. Oh, Jesus. I've said it back to Japan. I was. Can you hear that? The one that I'm the guy calls and wants me coming to New England and he goes to kick the back. Okay, you've got it. Okay. Put the lotion in your basket. Okay. Put this in the basket. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. It's all request Friday because everybody's out of town. Everybody with a brain all this guy was okay. And that first lady I think it was a lady was okay. But they're a person bitch. But other than that, the two in the middle, two losers. Probably going to be low for this weekend, those two. Oh, unbelievable. Oh, I don't want to hear you're wine. You know, if you don't want to hear it very simple, just turn on something else. Turn it in your opposition. Put a bullet through your brain. Anything you want, okay? Very simple. A lot of ways to solve that problem. But why don't you admit the truth? And that fact is that most of your liars. You don't want to admit that you love this show. That you get sexual excitement just from the side of my voice. Just from the anticipation. They get a little bit more. Just from anticipating when it gets close to 10 o'clock. That I'm going to be on the air. And then if God forbid I should be sick one day with all the respect to George and they hear your puny voice come on here, then at that point they become like limp. Lymph, that's why you get all I hate out there. It's kind of the do what you do a good job or not. They don't care about good job. That's not the kind of job they're looking for. They're looking more like for a low job. And like you said, I'm the pivot man. They're all squeezing it right now. I'm the pivot man. An amassive, gigantic, soft for the circle of jerk. You know what I'm saying? That's what I said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on. Everybody together. Let's do it. Alright. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Little. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. So far. I'm going to go to the neighborhood and got my check and almost an hour down the tubes. Let's get for you. What do you want? I don't want to get you. I can have a check. Hey, listen. I'm calling and tell you. I am not. They have to stand at all. Yeah. And last night I lit up a big fat one. Yeah. And I was just skinned through all the channels. I got a lot of the last two minutes of the hockey game. The first half. The first half. The first half. Whatever you call it on the power plate. And that was the most exhausting seven minutes that I had in my life. Right. They had so many flash-outs going into the to the goal. And he's just blocking it. It was great. It was phenomenal. I couldn't just. I mean, I had a shit there and watched the rest of the game. I couldn't turn it off. You're the only. The only person that has thought he ensues saw that game last night. That was the show. Everything you didn't know about this time. I already had one anti hockey call. Tell me nobody cares about it. You're the only person in the audience. I played the highlight the winning goal there. It was phenomenal. And these people who pretended that they're hockey fans. Some of them. Nothing. They got nothing to say. Well, I want to tell you something. Any place in the world where there were real hockey fans. Any of them. The phones would be lit up right now with people like panting recklessly. And instead, uh, oh, we got his hate, you know. Well, I tell you what. Just go back and get everything like last night's game. I'm going to start tuning into all of them. I'll tell you that. Okay. All right. And have a good little. Now, they don't like a sport like that. Where there's all those white people plant. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile line. Don't put on a pretentious anymore. Okay. How, you know, the proof. I'll tell you what the test was for this time. Whether this was a hockey town in any way shape performed with the 90 Meditors. What did I tell you about that? Did not tell you they had no chance right from the start. When they asked me to be the spokesman. And I said, no thanks. I'll pass. Because you got two chances. None. And much, much less than none. They're going to be back. No, no, long gone. It's just, I don't know. The search just continues. We just keep asking the perpetual questions. What is it all about? What are these people care about? Anybody? And then this is the sports station. And I tune on this morning. I never heard any calls about that game. I mean, I didn't hear that much. Because that music comes on real fast. And my car automatic. Didn't hear that much of the show. But what I did here had no. What's about the, uh, the next test and the pace. And the pace is that and the big spark today. And that's all it is. Just, I mean, one, no Charlie. It's either, you know, and do we have any team playing in there like that? Oh, no. I can understand a lot of talk about that. Because obviously, they know nothing about the hockey except guilty. And the secondly, nobody out there here give us a crap in the USA. Too bad. I don't care. That's why I got my satellite. This is why I have two satellite digits. That's why I watched a hockey night in Canada on CBC. That's why I watched Don Sherry last night. One of his best ever coaches corner was a panic had me cracking up there last night. These people don't know what we're talking about. Who's that guy? Who's that guy? Who's that guy? He's out of that. Huh? Oh, just bitter. Next he rotten and hateful. And we love it, baby. Oh, they could a lot of money from that. 1057 and 560 QAM. This is Kevin. Hi, Debbie. I'm a student going through operations time. Okay. And somebody can't do anything about that. I was wondering if it's some time we talk. And the implementation has met a professor. He faced all of these things. No, no. There's one room. I like to start with. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? I can't be done. It's the lotion in the basket. How much? 5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet, mommy. Thank you, Terry. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liprosuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking at you. We can tell you that one way to see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy. If you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point in? Yes. Okay. There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Paparol Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. You might probably use it. Much than lotion in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a point in? Do you want to call me down? It works the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the basket. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make it a point in? It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point in? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the chime. Okay. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. I was just saying that I have no idea what all the big tenuses with this new Hannibal book that's come up the 85th of the part of the series. What was the name of the first one? Red Dragon. Dragon's Red to something. Red skeleton. Red barber. And then of course the... The sounds and the lands was a good movie. I've seen it I think three times and that's enough. You know, I...that's it. I don't need any more Hannibal than Hannibal. I don't...that's it. Right. I'm not that big on father means orking out again. It can't be anyway. But, uh, well, all over time. I just racing out to buy another novel. Why? Why could you waste your time reading novels? We were just discussing that during the break. What kind of people waste their time reading novels reading for pleasure? No, no. I read for pleasure but I don't read novels. I read for pleasure so that I learned something so that enrich my brain. Not like a suit of intellectual. Just because it's interesting. You know, novels are interesting. When I was a kid novels were interesting like all the Sherlock Holmes stuff. That was interesting. But that's when I was a kid. Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. Maybe my brain expanded beyond that. And I don't believe it all. That's those fairy tales anymore like well. Here's a lady noble in my any. Hello. Good morning. Yes, man. Yeah. We're talking about nobody watching the hockey game. Somebody called us and said, is anybody watching the family cup? Yes. I am just tingling all over. Yeah. I'm excited. Every time I have to be honest, every time one of our former players that were no good down here. Yeah. Do something wonderful. And then I went to a great set up there by Jason Woly on a pecker go for school. I was going to be a lot of great by Jason Woly and I was gone Jason. Oh, and of course Brian Scudler ran a high-sick there in the corner. That was kind of neat. It was like, oh, okay. They are cracking down pretty hard. I'm going to tell you the last night. I bet you think. Yeah. My buffalo has been getting screwed with these penalties. And then of course they even give a Dallas a five on tree there. Which what the hell was that all about? I don't know. What the hell? What are you looking for? Wait a minute. I'll be honest. Roger. He's under the account. He's in here looking for. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I've called you before. My kid plays. We have a big share of hearts. I'm sorry. My kid plays or played last year from the junior maddoer. Right. And then the addoer's are gone. The juniors are still here. Right. Thank you. One more thing. Well, every night, every morning when I turn your show on and you started with that Hocking and night song. Right. Isn't that great? I want to get. I guess you and I are the only ones. They are the ones that are out there. I don't think they're going to be there any time. Those things, those people, their taste is in their touch. They are clueless. They're talking about the basketball. I just don't get it. Yeah. I don't know. That football star charges just slam a jam in it. That's a idea of a sport. I wanted to ask you if you could. He said, oh, I got eight no sport. Do you remember the song that you used to play when the panthers made the run to the cup? Right. It was a different song. I know what you talking about. Got it. And the last thing I want to say. Yeah. I can play if I'm in the hot. No. No. I'm in the hot. whenever I watch hockey and whenever I hear that song come on in the morning that little Richard used to say it makes my big toe shoot up in my boot. Okay. Bye. See you. What is the Roy doing with that large black penis? I'm sorry. 560560, why but China who's going to go see? And pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Sound not missing the audience thinks I'm making this up. He just came in here and stole our big gigantic Bob Plastic penis. He's got a big black one now. Which you're going to want Joe Rose told me that's the only big black one he's got. What he said I said what do you need to borrow that for? The leaves are from what I heard from several people. Some of them may even. Here's North Miami, hello. Hi Neil. Okay sir. Neil, you know I was born down here. I got it made of not really a big hockey punch. Oh geez. But listen to you, you know you have a very effective infectious substance. It's not rocket science man. It's exciting. It's great. It's great. What do you want to do? What's up? I'm going to hear it completely right. Watching that game last night was awesome. But I have a question for you. And like I said, I'm not a big fan. I'm not that knowledgeable. All they do is they harp on hot hot. What's his name, hot check? Hot check, yeah. Right. They say he's wonderful. But I teach both for making great saves and they never come in. I want a good gold tender this guy is. He is good. But he let's face it. Dallas has been out shooting Buffalo by a big margin. And they've also had all these penalties against Bob Plastic. They had to kill up all these penalties. And Hashex had a stand on his head. Belfare has net that much work to do. Isn't it that many tough saves to make? Well, what I like about Dallas that after that first game, which was a real down. And they came out fighting. They fought hard and both teams played beautifully. It was the first great game. It's kind of the first period was so tight checking that it wasn't really much going on. It was kind of terminal. But after that first goal score by Buffalo, after that it opened things up and it was just unbelievable. And I thought these guys would keep everything under control. But they got into a fight man and the Stanley Cup finals. It could believe it. They really feel it. Exactly. They hate each other, which is good. That's a good thing. Those are coming. Neil, you're doing a great job. Okay, thank you sir. God bless you. And God bless the National Hockey League. Oh, one of that Jackass Gary Betman. Oh, man. It's he make my skin crawl. In fact, that's a tight, that's a close one. Todd Drec or Gary Betman. I had that's a tough choice. Has to wish one makes my skin crawl the most. And your number 99 will never be won again. Oh, geez. Go away. Okay. Go hide on the subway somewhere. Go back to Cornell. Get out of our face, Gary. Take me ill. Gary Betman. Man, it's destroying the greatest deliegan in the world. That's right. We got all these small marketing spailing. So let's start going back to teams that already failed. Like in Atlanta and Minnesota. Let's go back to where we failed before to make sure that we failed again. Nice going. Gary oughta be working for the measly people. In fact, you'd rest for it. That's right. He'd rest is too good. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, hello. This is Jennifer. Hi, Jennifer. Hi. I know why hockey isn't popular down here. Why is it good school in Rhode Island? And we used to have the room in quarantine play. And it was just, you know, the whole thing was snow. And you know, go to the game and they would really be crazy. And they beat each other up. And it was that was most of the fun watching them beat each other up. But then after the game, they would come out to the local bar and kind of mingle with everybody. Yeah. And he or nobody does that. And I don't think the game's or is, you know, passionate. So that's my opinion. Okay, Jennifer. All right. Well, son, somebody over to your house to beat the crap out of your Jennifer. Thanks. Okay, have a great weekend. Have fun. Okay. Well, that's what you like. She heard idea of passion is getting the crappy out of it. Okay. I'm sure you know a lot of them like that. Well, maybe they don't tell you that. You just get the signals. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 10, 5, 60 on the ATT. I'm by the way, now that's the Warren Coast of Osben all wrapped up in the Yadiyati. Now MSNBC is hopping right back on good old. There you go. That's right. For that mention, that's where buddy took our big black penis out of here. Lebanon, nine at five, 60 WCW. You want to have carpets that aren't black at all. I mean, if you carpets are black, I guess you want them to be black. But if you're like any other color, you don't want them looking that dark. The only thing that dark in my house except maybe my little dog. And as a result, that's why I called dry concepts over here. I got a girl for the N' Carmen. You only liked to eat one thing. Yeah, she don't mess around with no hash browns. Forget to do any other thing. Carmen just likes to eat sausage. Sautors make the world go round. She'll open up wide, slated deep down inside. And you can't help but watch you go down. Right. So pass the sausage. Carmen. Yeah. Carmen likes it. If the pass that sausage, Carmen, well, she might even say you don't want. If the pass that sausage, Carmen, I'll open everything in the pot. That disease you believe in with ones again, it keeps you swallow all the sausage you got. The standing in the kitchen, we're Carmen. Late one Friday night. She told me that she had a craving for Chobasi and nothing else would suit her at the tight. We looked all while in the ice box. But they were nothing we could find. Until Carmen looked into my pajamas and I guess you could say she blew my mind. Carmen likes it. If the pass that sausage, Carmen, well, she might even say you got a lot. Not if the pass that sausage, Carmen. Well, I'll bet every penny in the pot. That disease you believe in with ones again, it keeps you swallow all the sausage you got. Yes, sir. She'll swallow all the sausage you got. She'll swallow all the sausage. You got 14 to 5. 50 to 52. Where is your extra? Here it is. We're down in 2 to go. I'll set on back to you. And off your bar comes back up the middle. Now go on the side. He's in the 25 to 25. So 15, pick that and bump that above by Jason Bowser. That's a six yard line. I feel you're far reversing field and a pick for sound. That was blue ribbon effort. I thought we'd not lose the power. Play with these diamonds or write up the bet. Why does the bet? He's got that. And he's catching outside. That's very outrageous to say. But I'm not that one. What are you thinking about Billy Bob? I'm not me. What was he really trying to say? I want to bang him in the butt. So I had a request for that by effects. It's all request Friday by the way. Whatever you want, I'll play it except of course, you know, you'll kneel and a couple of others like a bridge tender. We're going to play the bridge tender. Oh, look at that. All right. I don't know about you. But you shot like some stupid idiot. Better wait till I lost it finished. And then here's more on this fact. It says Jimmy said this and Danny did this and Jimmy forgot to do this and Danny didn't do that. That's right. That's QAM baby. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy is a lot of suction. That's it. A lot of hot air. And that's why Tony said whether was doing that thing because he sucks everybody's as and Jimmy's in particular. And I mentioned that on the air or not. I don't think I mentioned that yet on the air. I mentioned that to you off the air. That very jackass in this column has got to think about how Tony's incredible continuing doing the Jimmy Johnson show on channel six with Joe Rose, even though Craig Manavini is the sports guy and Tony is supposedly a news guy not a lot of several years. But nevertheless, Jimmy wants Tony to make sure because Tony sucks his butt just the way he likes it. And Jimmy will only go on with guys who kisses that. You know what I'm saying? That's not what I'm saying. People who that was don't go on with people who kisses as a lot. Because that's the way Jimmy isn't sure it was the same way he wanted people that sucked his butt. Which is maybe why I managed to mistake it about that. I want to bang you in the butt. That might have some of the members of 40 in slip that he was wearing. Here's a mobile and Tom B. Chillow. And how are you Neil? Yes sir. Got a question about the hockey game last night. I didn't understand why they called the, I ended up the unscrupulous. I thought if the goalie is out of the crease, he's being gained. Yeah, but he came charge in that him and knocked him down. And of course he didn't have the puck either, which is interference too. So if air, nobody is fair game if they don't have the puck that's interference. You can't take a call. Yeah. I think it was a done penalty. And I really, I really wasn't a great hockey fan until I saw that game last night. That was a great phenomenal. And by the way, I should mention because fat boy was complaining this morning crying, which I keep telling them don't be a belly. You hear that really, they knocked the net off there. And the last glory that buffalo had inside the Adalice on there and it came here. I posted the tongue and they knocked the net off. But there they got two referees and two lines. But nobody saw it. And then of course, hands are came out of the belly boxes. Corbyn thing that goal. But the whistle should have blown me for that. And they should have had one more shot at it. One more face off at about all 30 seconds left in the, Dallas, but yeah, I'll stick deal. Very exciting to watch. I hope you continue. I just like to see the frigging rate. It's got a great series. Yeah. Well, you can see how many fans we got. Nobody give the crap about it here. That's true. I think the fans just play volleyball instead of hockey. Yeah. Without Paul Velberry and Ray Wittney, there's a volleyball team. You're right. Okay. Got bless you. Thank you. Nice talking to you. Okay. Yeah. Maybe we can get like a whistleball. We're getting a WNV18. That's great. Maybe we can get a curling team down here. That'll go over bigger than Paul of all in sunrise. Here's a call from Dallas looking for congratulations. No doubt. Thank you very much. Yes, sir. Congratulations to you, sir. Great. Great game. What? I think I'm just keeping on it. We're going to come back. Yeah. Well, wasn't any so much as, you know, two of the goals you got, which I'm sure you realize the one by, the one by Richard, Mac, Richard, Mac, what the hell's his name? That's Richard. Mac, Matt, Matt, Matt, Matt, but Chuck. Well, I can't believe I did that. Richard, Matt, but Chuck number 24. That goal of the first one hit off the inside of the post and went in and then then the one by Brad Heller game, but he told you, you can hear the plunk. It hit the pipe and just on the inside. Yeah. And went in. So either they were both great shots or a little bit of luck too, but it was a hell of a game. Yeah. Essentially loose papers. So I'm the Dallas paper. Did you get it? No, I didn't get it. Well, you said no from the first game. Yeah. I got that. Yeah, I didn't know if it helped it off. They reported anything I'm a don, or they're not ESPNs. They got broken wrist. Don't get embarrassed. That's correct. It looks like he's going to miss the series. I know, but you got to give it to your team. I came back even without him after that and won a game. We're going to do it. I'm happy to see screwed Lin and a good Barnes and the rest of that. And he's going to want to pass by Willie De Peck on it. You see Peck on it. Powerplay was calling for the puck there. Add his stick up on here on the replay. And what a great goal. That's the tough little sucker. We don't get to see much of him here in Dallas. What a player. Well, I just want to call him and say, keep him on and go stars. Okay. Got to be a good series man. Hey, Neil. When you go in the syndication swing, get you here. And you know, when it comes around again the second time 29 99. Thanks. We're luck for Al. Thank you. Well, I'm getting all choked up. Ward. That was bad. Crazy. I can't. I can't. I can't hear anyone. Also listen. I can't hear anyone. I can't hear anyone. I can't hear anyone. I can't hear anyone. I can't hear anyone. Put it on the break. Fuck, Panthers. That. The Avers to the Pet Quinn is way in. We have to make them fuck behind the goal. Gallo. Chunche. We're back. That's. Off the. Off the. Oh, do I hate. Red. Oh, but anyway, it was a. All within five six seven five six. Five sixty pound five sixty. Do I forget Richard, my choice name. That's embarrassing. It's almost like forgetting that we'll Clark played in the. Where we're going. Here's the lady and a dear field. Shall I? Yes, man. I was wondering if you play a request for me. Anything goes, we'd already have a kill at least 30 seconds. Well, my uncle told me that you've got one about Monica and her cigars. Yeah. And I wanted to hear that. I haven't heard it yet. Okay, I got it. Okay, great. And you know, it's really unfortunate that us Floridians, we got a watch dollar good players, former Panthers, former Marlins, and my brother, people. Yeah, well, it's called Bad Player Evaluation. We've had a right from the beginning. The spurs they dug a claim was a bad player evaluator and in Bryan Murray's a real bad player. And so was Terry Murray's brother, runs it a family. Yeah. As a result, we could make the guts of a pretty dang good team just with the guys that have been driven out of here last three years. Exactly. I saw my first hockey game this year went to see the Philadelphia Flyers play. Yeah. And everybody booing the bees are, and it's just terrible. One of our better players. Well, they don't know squads. Yep. Okay, sweetheart, have a great deal. Bye-bye. And don't take any good and they can see the way. What do you want to hear? Bill's the cause and mine across the China. Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a little wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Yeah. Where's he going? Where's the stove? He goes? I can see how there was some confusion between humans or ants you made hor. And then hockey and saw the term, see their box, means saw her naked. Stars reportedly took over his blinds. And after his and he was working hard, late night in the ovary of this. Working on a practice of joking. Be tough, imagine noodle, put an explode in. Loading for money, girl was blowing, rigged us, flow. Bill's the cause and mine across the China. Oh, right. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Oh, before feel that Hillary's been made a fool up by her husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. I've been the link in that room. She was morning, morning, morning, how far will two in her with bills all gone? Bill's the cause and mine across the China. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. No. She's got a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Oh, great. And then you stand in the air. Yes, that's the reason for you. Oh, yeah. What you got to do is think it's in for real. And put in a breath. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. All the problems are gone. You've got to taste it kind of like a nickel. It's 1123 at 5.60 WQAM, which means it was five times as good as. So where are we going? I don't know. I'm just kind of lost here. Listen, all these old hockey highlights. I'm getting all whipped up about stuff that none of you care about. I don't really care. See, I have no interest to make no difference to me because I know what kind of a dead ass place this is. Here's the cross spring, Sala. Good morning. How are you? Good. I gotta tell you what happens tomorrow. I get to the ravitous and for the beach use concept for the, you know, New Year's Eve. The arena, the arena. Get over there at 7 o'clock this morning. There's a guy from five o'clock this morning. So a wait in 10 o'clock comes. There's 10 people online. Yeah. Wow. He's something must be wrong. I don't understand this thing. There's a lot more people. No. I would say that's about right. It boxed or the, the, I mean by that. It's open. And she says, uh, we're not so on tickets today. So what do you mean? Not so on tickets on. The F3 hours in the hot sun. This is crazy. So everybody's getting that totally out of hand. We tell her lady, listen, you better get your supervisor. Who the hell is behind this? What's going on? She says, well, we can't sell supervisor comes. He says, we're going to go to work. We're going to go, we're going to get to get somebody else. They're going to come out and we'll speak to them. And uh, turns out they started selling tickets. It says how much of a ticket? It says $50 in the paper. Uh, $1500. $1500. So you died. You know what? As well. We want the $50 seats. They're all sold out. I said, there's now five after 10. $1500 for what? For like a box where we reach. $1500 for what? For downstairs for the beaches. New Year's Eve. To say they're a lap or something. And they will $1500 for what? Who knows? Maybe to ship with that one of the gimbalers on the lap. I don't know. No thanks. Anyway. I heard this about Andy Gibbs lap. And he ain't looking to good these days. Anyway. I get all disgusted and she says, listen, why don't you go to see as you or when they're outlets and peckleds up. I get the ticket. They told us in the papers that come over there. They sell them at the box. So if you take it, you get to get to make a long story shorter. Make a long story shorter. We've gotten a ticket. So I left. And I'm totally disgusted. And what are all these behind Andy? And look how lucky you are. It's man believe me. Who the hell wants you? $1500. I was a ticket. Yeah. I don't believe me. You saved yourself a lot of money. Those guys haven't hit a true note in 15 years. Okay. Trust me. You did good. And they screwed me on my seat on America. Worc their lines too. Who's the like of my hate to admit that? But now I hate them like poison. Okay. There were a bunch of weasely sound and screamy whatever they are. What? No, I'm agreeing. They oh. Paul said oh. Yeah. And I actually liked them. I hate to think I do less. Stay in a line. What's wrong with me? You can hate them personally. And it's the like to me. That's right. And that's a good point. I hate them personally. But I do like their music. That's not the best. I don't know. That's a good point. I hate them personally. But I do like their music. Crowds loud. We want nine out of turchees. It's a 26-after-11 and five-下一 break. It's a 26- After 11-and-five, 60 W2IM. Partial Rogers God. If I had normal boobs to do, I'd have him side my CD. Who you get wrong when I treat that as fun. Just like how much I think, all he keeps. I'ma get by within the last in my grasp. All right. Oh, I get guys within the last in my grasp. I don't have to try with him, but in my grasp. Here's. And you hold in your forehead and he's about it. I only have to pull my candy down. Of this thing in your body. You got nice comments and where I could find now. Can you succeed by just spreading your life? Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer. It's a guy. I don't have to try to splint him out of rehab 35. I can't buy within the last in my grasp. I get guys within the last in my grasp. I don't have to try with him, but in my grasp. You please. You're that bitch, baby. He left through me by cherries. By cherries. You're the one who sees all the blood. Well, in this sense, that's the most important thing. I'm a get by different person in class of my career. One more time for the West Point. Come on, you know it. Thank you. I'm a 32 at 560 WDQM. Here's the fact this is the greatest asshole of 2A in call in history. Have been last night on the head of the captain show. You think the hockey caller, Lou, was a, a new day. Check out the tape at 1232 in the morning last night. The guy called in city with support of tax increase for a baseball stadium. But not for education. It says pull the tape and hear it for yourself. Pull it and the tape too. The absolute definitive call for sports radio, which I would say. Absolutely correct. Yeah, sure why not spend money for a baseball stadium. But not for education. Because I mean if you have smart people, I'm not actually, you won't go and see that crap. Right now, seriously, if you educate people who never go see a baseball game. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Got a request. Yeah. Can you play Jack in the box please? No. 560, I said it were like three things I wouldn't play. I forgot to mention that was one of them. What? Was all the good stuff we had 3,000 cuts. I understand that. That's why I only do this once in a great while. I kind of weekend when I realized there's no traffic, which means that 99% of the people are out of town. And they're starting to get there a lot of here. And I'm very ambious. And look at that. Even with this, I'll be questioned today in all the hockey extremities standing in cup finals. And all the other things I'm doing is a couple of calls on the board. Same old crap. Of course, you want everybody's here. There's only a couple of calls on the board because you deal with dead heads. Oh, we love hearing what you, I know. I know that's what it's all about. That's going to be the name of my autobiography Neil Biggs for calls. And it makes a lot of money doing it. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Warless Line. It's pleasant. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, good morning. Yes, man. I do have a request. I hope it's not one of those that you're, well, I'm not three. I'll tell you right now, the three. I will not play on a bridge tender. Don't stop at any. Young Neil or Jack in the box. So is there only three that come to mind that I absolutely refuse. I mean, they're, they've been buried. They're dead. They've been buried. I'm not a big kid, and because my request and look certain of the title. But it's the graduation class of 99. I've heard from my husband that it was a great stand-up of that track. So I'm very keen to hear it and laugh my little- The graduation class of 99. Well, that's the original title. I'm not sure what you're calling it there. I'm so forgets to wear sunscreen, perhaps that's the one. Don't forget to wear sunscreen. Yeah. It's not ringing any bells. No, George is looking at me like, huh? Well, I know that it's done for that track. It's something about Nick, somebody, cos of those like that. Is that mean anything? These are the lines that my husband was telling me yesterday. Who was telling you yesterday? What? Like, I have played a yesterday? I'm saying, yes, I would say from London yesterday, with a particular CD in my hand. Right. Don't forget to wear sunscreen. It's a graduation speech, which was like released on the incident, and some producers up, and he released it on the radio. It's been a big hit car in the internet. No. What was that? I said, I haven't got a clue. Maybe some caller will have us some idea what it is. Okay. Well, I hope somebody calls in and touched it. You've become a spectator if somebody can come in with the right title for me. Okay. Thank you so much. Cheerio. Bye. 560, 560, 560 on the 182 wireless line. So what was she saying about Shagging? What? Flies? Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, Hela. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. A couple things. First of all, I want to have a comment about the hockey. What is this series compared to years past? What would have been by years past? Like, picking year? I mean, what does that mean? You can be here. You're spattered. We've had four suites in a row, four four game suites that were the non-competitive, which is very bad and very boring. And makes a mockery at the game. And nobody wants that. This is the best we've had in a long time. This is the best final way had since the Rangers van Couver series five six years ago. It's just from one, one tiny ice to the other. It's great. It's great. It's great. And I mean, the hitting. And really physical tremendous hitting, I mean, just on unbelievable. Did you see the guy last night? The Buffalo guy had a stick up around a guy's shoulder. He's going to go check him. And the guy from Dallas drives into him and breaks the guy's stick right in half. What's that all about? Incredible. And football people would be out for a month with that. That's right. So what do you think about shit, shit, Nick? I guess that's how you do that. I like to get in the case. I'm neck eyes incredible. I mean, he's hitting everybody all over the ice. Yeah, but Jane McKee and Red Warner are the ones that are really playing a physical historic defense for Buffalo. Those guys are and killing penalties just unbelievable. Dallas, I think, is like one for 15 under power play in the series. And even they had a 42 second five on three last night. And still couldn't stick it in there. No, it's a great series. Listen, just a story about some of our Christian friends here is, I don't know if you've got the information up here in West Palm. There was a graduation party just recently, a couple days ago. And this 15-year-old kid got the hell beat out of him by some eight or nine kids from this Christian school. Apparently the inside story is had to do with some drugs. But anyway, these kids are holding this 15-year-old boy down. And like seven of them. And the other kid takes a cement block and drops it on his head. Nice. Oh yeah. But that if we just had a lot more religious indoctrination, this doesn't be going on, you know? Well, for those people, I'd like to request prison bitch this morning. I just got through playing and have a great day at strangers, what she was talking about. Okay, I'm describing the real story. Oh, I understand. Okay, she was talking about ladies and gentlemen. Like it offer only one tip for the future. Act strange and people will leave you alone. The rest of my advice has no basis, more reliable than I own the Andering experience. Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk down stairs backwards head first. Sit naked in the large bowl of rice, crispies and singing feelings by the kernels, ghost-knif, crackle and pop. Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much. Rick, a stranger. Tell them you're from Bosnian, your country is a sign of respect. Take lots of pills. One of them might work. Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis. Be annoying. During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk. Moon, a funeral. Play, go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through a mall yelling, kill her bees, kill her bees. Say the word, kitty, without smiley. Try to figure out who said polysure should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework. Ask Mark McGuire to take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret to Karatop's success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose. Take a bath cost list and toss them on the lawn next door. Go on a car crew with a bath cost list and force a sustainous car seat. Try to dribble bath costs. Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really estimable. Wish no real world anyone unless you don't like it. Then screw it on the road. Realize anyone who says that completely has me a completely full of crap. Ask a healthy angel if he's a woman or has you always walked like that. Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them. Sniff and old lady. Imagine gomerpile and a gay bar are trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your innocence. Understand it, embrace it, protect it. And every so often take it out for a nice notch. Karatop's not to care. Home while you eat. And you're going to have a good day. I don't have to be sorry. That's good news. Our package came from the information. And it's got a bunch of those pamphlets. Good. I'll just read those the first of the day. These are all different. I understand that's what I said. That's why I can read all of those. All these things. By the way, here's a picture from a place in Park City, Utah. It's called Glory Hole. How do you like that? You're looking for Glory Hole. And there's a good one in Park City, Utah. Better put that on your list. So we got a whole bunch of stuff from the great freedom from our pain and He has religionist defamation. Bible contradictions. Why women need freedom from religion? By the way, do I have to have to have a word? Diva again? No. You're not a cell. We go through these trends. If there's nothing that annoys me these days more than hearing about all the great divas of this diva and adiva and take a diva to lunch. 18 before noon at 5.60 QM or the last Friday you pass, dear. Good time, I'll be here. If you park in the sun when you get in your car, you will burn up your funds and cars. Get in the car and the first thing you'll feel is a third degree burn when you touch the steering wheel in cars. You start on the AC, but it's just low pot air and the black vinyl seat. You're finishing your music air in cars. So I'm left with a shield. I put a car for shades. But all of my friends say it looks really gay in cars. 747 to 5.60 WCM. I've got the angle. I've got the X-ZB at 6 o'clock in baseball. 630 to 3 games show the ACs and the Marlins at 7.05 tonight. The ACs and the Marlins. Robert Ingerson said that they teach charity. That's natural. I live on handouts. All beggars teach that others should give. This is in the pamphlet of what they said about religion. The French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the Frenchthe French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French, the French,öyle, tr겠 horrible. Quest the Superman song with the new movie coming out I guess the Christopher Reeve one he done right also just a little bit from Charles Charleston has to know you always do okay that's it and I have a good weekend and the same to you and happy she was his firm throbbing renquist was vigorously burguring her intensely inflamed quivering so cutter well that was one line down but that was your kind of interesting one come in soon to the theater near you Christopher Reeve is Superman's Superman's five well child Superman's Superman quit to me open it drowning hey here comes Superman power planet I'm not going to have me. Get on top of that. Oww! I, the inholstall, have finally figured out a way to defeat Superman. With… with Chris and Wright. No! Spirits! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Superman 5, a search for a bigger doorway, Rolling into a theater near you. Wow, what a nice deck. Thanks. I love him, Zach. It's so big. I think mine's bigger. I've seen your deck. It's not bigger. When did he show you his deck? Over at his house? I've been on his deck. You wrote his deck? It was before your deck. Your deck is thicker. My deck was pretty firm, then. You had a rock hard deck. It's softer now. When were you at his deck? One summer? For how long? Did you enjoy it at the time? My deck's bigger. What if it was you guys in your deck? How many decks have you been on? On. Does it matter? You just can't get enough deck. Can't you. You're just a big ass and the bat. Okay? I'm gonna do it with my deck. Let me kiss it. I'm gonna kiss you, Zach. Oh, yeah. Kissed my deck, baby. And strok it? Ah, rub my deck. That's just really kicking. What? I've never seen a woman climb on another man's deck. And rub his heart deck and strok his firm deck. Did it turn you on? You never did that to my deck. I let him deck. Oh, yeah, baby. It's stuck my deck. Mmm. Oh, yeah. Love my deck, Zach Zucker. Ouch. Oh, what? Blater. Just swallow. Never spit it out. Ha ha ha ha. Girls love big heart decks on a man. Girls don't like tiny. Rough decks. Big thick decks. Available at Dix decks. See your yellow pages. Okay. It's the A before noon at 5. 50 WQM 5. 6705. 60 pound 5. 60 on the AT&T line. I arrest rejects Christian Coalition exemption. We talked about that for about two seconds. And what's there to say? It's about time and screw them. That's all I was to say about that. Very jackass. Still a jackass. Great stuff here from the Ephraim from religion foundation. The best pamphlet I've read so far. Dear Christian. This is one of my favorites. I might just read that today. Since obviously we're going to get a minimal response. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I got no one for you. And a request too. Uh huh. Sit on a bench and tell. Uh. Oh, you ready? Uh. I'll please uncle. I love you, sweetie. I love you, sweetie. I love you. What can I say? Oh, I like to put the card over the wall. She guys might do her best. She's a free fall. I wouldn't write what's done. No way. I've said I didn't have their ladies today. So I'm just sitting on a bench and tell me. Waiting for the lovely best to take me away. Just sit on the bench and tell me. With my things. My life is time to tell and change. First of all, it's the same. All I've got to do with you that tells me to do. The time and how late you keep us free and free. Just get arrested my bones. When then why my wife won't leave me alone? We talked it over and I never knew. I just lined up slapping through the wall again. Oh, so I sit on a bench and tell me. Waiting for the lovely best to take me away. All I've got to do is keep me free and free. Waiting for the lovely best to take me away. I've got to do it. I've got to do it. So I forgot to look up at the mail that it's about time. From these citizens commission on Human Rights International, another school shooter or another psychiatric drug. TJ Solomon, the latest school shooter from Georgia, was yet another case of a teenager who became violent while on psychiatric drugs. In this case, the infetamine like drug ridlin. Just a month earlier, Eric Harris, the ringleader of the Columbine School Massacre, was on a psychiatric drug, lovex and antidepressant. Kip Kinkle, who killed his own parents, and then on a shooting rampage at his school in Springfield, Oregon, was on Prozac and Ridlin. All these teenagers have a common factor, which is nothing addressed in the media. They were all on mind altering psychiatric drugs. In the US alone, they're approximately now 4 million children on psychiatric drug ridlin, a drug which the DEA tasted in the same category as Opium, Morphine and cocaine. A rat. Psychotic episodes in violent behavior are associated with chronic ridlin abuse. Ridlin is the infetamine like drug widely prescribed in children for the contrived mental disease, a tension deficit hyperactivity disorder. Even Ridlin's manufacturer warns that Frank, psychotic episodes, can occur with abuse of use. While the American Psychiatric Association is diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorder states that the major complication of Ridlin withdrawal is suicide. Nice. If that isn't bad enough, over 9000 children in that lesson between the ages of 6 and 18 are on a psychiatric antidepressant drugs. A psychiatrist in drug expert state had a according to the manufacturer, Solve of Luvox, the antidepressant that heracarris was taking, 4% of children in the youth taking, Vox developed mania during short-term clinical trials. Mania is the psychosis which can produce bizarre grandiose highly elaborated destructive plans, including mass murder. If we just stop letting all the kids go to the arborated movies and curb those video games, and if that canoe guy would just stop saying crap out there and is canoe and Michigan. So you've been watching that, huh? Yeah, Paul Boomer's brother. Yeah, he said, and, and, and you know what, two men? Well, just like that, that Bobby Knights, when I hate Bobby Knight, but I got to get to that. What I do, I'll get to that. Bobby Knight accused the racist comment and choking a man. I say, let's hear it for Bobby Knight. He should have took the son of a bitch. How about minding your own goddamn business? Okay, Mr. If it is a Mr. they got this guy, oh, you got to see this on page 3D and a hero this morning. If this guy is a Mr. they got in this alteral altercation with, what is that? It's 1157 at 560 WQAM. You know, we have two men, my family, boy, daughter, jail. Oh, Jake, off to the way, with birds and ranges, while the eyes are white and you are a friend. Now we hear them say, he's thinking about moving to Miami, where he thinks he'll blend in. Go back! Go back! Go back to hell, let you move below. Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back to hell, let you move below. Go back, okay. We may go to a next call on, who's the bell for a joke? Yeah, come on the egg and fire the ring ass! What do you say to me? You watched the movie. I did it your way. I've never done it your way to answer. What made the first time I got away with it? Go back, go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! Go back! I'd like to thank you for thought of a welcoming meeting, that neighborhood. I guess it's a good acting job. On Starward talking about something else, come on, it's past no to five, sixty wdq a.m. From new times in March and Richmond, California, the father of a fourth-grader stabbed the teacher in a disagreement over the gross progress. In February and Danville, Kentucky, the grandmother of a middle school student, smashed the teacher in the head with a name played on his desk in a disagreement about the student's progress. In March and Boston, in the process of disputing his child's de-minus in conduct, the father of a high school student punched the teacher in the face breaking his jaw. The father was in the associate minister of the Great Love Tabernacle. There you go. All right. Yeah, he wanted to give him a show of great love was really all of odd. Love in the post. So speaking of that kind of stuff, Bob E. Knight and keep in mind that I despise Bob E. Knight, he makes me sick to my stomach, but Bob Knight's famous temper for land and trouble again. The Indiana basketball coach who was convicted of assaulting a policeman in Puerto Rico 20 years ago, but never did it through the freight train in the interim. Could be charged with battery for allegedly choking a man with two to making a racist remark. Monroe County, this is in Bloomington, Indiana. Monroe County prosecutor Carl Salzman said Thursday he ended the side of the five charges against 1958 or possibly against the other man Chris Foster 38 is pictured here and looks, I don't know what that is. A Bloomington guitar maker for provoking the confrontation in a restaurant parking lot Monday night. I went into your this story. This story is so typically American man. It is absolutely the that's the American. The story. Foster City was an Mexican restaurant in Elatsville with a friend and couldn't help hearing Knights, profanity, lace conversation as the coach set with his wife and her two sisters. The vast majority of all dialogue was sports related stuff. Facebook, basketball names, the justice, Foster said at one point he made a comment that was basically when I have a black player who comes into some money, I tell him you buy your mother a house and you hang on the rest of it because when one of those people comes into money, the rest of them come out of the wood work. Foster, who is why he said he spoke tonight as they were paying their bills and told Knighty found some of his remarks offensive. By this time we're starting to walk out of the restaurant so I repeat to him what he said and he says that's not racist and I said well I'm sorry but you obviously don't understand when you make a racist remark. He starts screaming at me. I don't even know what he's saying. He's screaming so loud at me. I told him look calm down calm down and just reaches up and grabs me by the throat and tries to pick me up. Foster is friend Joseph Ryanhardt, 20 set he separated Foster and night after which Foster called the police. Knighty said he did what almost anyone else would have done are the circumstances. I have no question whatsoever about the fact that even my most severe critics give them the circumstances that I found myself in the other night would have not reacted much differently than I did night told anyapolis TV station WTA HR. The restaurant's co-owner and cashier said they didn't see what happened in the parking lot and did not hear any unusually loud exchanges inside. A waiter also contradicted Foster's allocation. But you see the bottom line is what David is to make and what he said. None of this guy's guy damn business. See this is what we're in to now in America. Like the guy in a canoe and Michigan that was swearing up a storm. Okay. Too bad. Too freaking bad. Okay. You're offended. Tough crap. Part of being a life is being offended. The people listen to the show every day and they were offended. Tough crap. If you don't want to be offended don't leave the house. Don't turn on a TV or the radio or look on the internet or we didn't lose paper or magazine just stay in a house locked in doors. You'll never be offended. I'll also have something like back up in the hotel. You know. But he overrooted him having a conversation and right away he's got a stick his two cents in there like it's his guy damn business. I'm surprised all he did was put his hand on the other side of his neck. Piece of crap. And like I said I can't stand Bobby night. I'm delighted any time Bobby night take some crap but in this particular case. This other creed and I mean if you look at that picture I'm telling you if that's a man a woman or whatever space you've got off of maybe it's just a bad picture. Yeah. Maybe he just don't photograph too good. Just mind your own goddamn business. Okay. I know that's not easy. He wasn't talking to you. He was having a private conversation which I'm sure you just happened over here. You notice how he had chapter and verse every single thing he was talking about. All the other stuff too. Oh it was mostly about this and about that. How come you weren't having your own conversation with your buddy? Why weren't you talking? Because you were too busy at Eavesdropping being a yenta. So there's a lesson for all you kids out there. If you want to be a yenta you'll get somebody's hand around your throat real quick. Here's a mobile implantation hello. I grew with everything you just said about that Bobby night and that Brett Hall makes me want to do. Oh, I can't stand. Oh, that. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's easy. He's got a real. God. Give me a favor. My kids Chelsea got this. We'll die in here. Poco Heine. Okay. Okay, pal. Poco Heine. You're at local. Local Heine. Isn't that the song by Ricky Martin looking at local Heine? Very stupid. The class again made a Disney adventure. Poco Heine. Now hot on its heels comes alive action sequel. Richard Simmons is. Poco Heine. Oh, I can't put it about it. First off, heard of it. Lifestyle summer camp for an album. And I'm your head counselor. Poco Heine. Are there any questions? Yes. You need to Poco Heine. You have a little Indian in you. No. But the night still. Yeah. Oh, I'm serious. Let's get on the plate now. Tomorrow will be up at the crack of the night. And the crack of dawn. By the way, have you met my brother, Don? And up in intercourse. Richard Simmons is Poco Heine. And it can't be one of the campfires in the only thing that's flaming. Oh, okay, guys. One more weenie and I'm going to game. Where is my little flower gone? I'm going to be a cat. I'm going to be a cat. All right. Now I'll show you how to make tomorrow. First, you pack the fire. And the marshmallows. And now, Graham, come here, Grant. Poco. You'll hear fascinating campfires stories. Aless Cards. My great uncle was a little big alarm. He lived very close to General George Armstrong Custer. They were actually dating towards you. My wife and the other. The general was quite around. I guess you could say my uncle was there for custard. Second to last. On the victory in this summer, it's Poco Heine. Custering Jim J. Bullock as little big swallow. Wow, I sure do enjoy the great back to, I mean the outdoors. Oh, the campbusters. Poco Heine, can I ride in your Jeep? Sure. Have you ever ridden in a chair-ricking? No, but I want French kiss and ear-accorring. Oh, god. Oh, so scarring. Tom, that'll be you. He's sitting bowl. Charles, no, so Riley, as spinning bowl. And Chuck Berry is squatting bowl. That'll be starring Scoop Doggy Dog as the run-in-o-fo. And featuring special, canyel appearance. You won't want to miss. Hey, isn't that same to turny? Robert Shapiro? Yes, I am a counselor here. But you're not an Indian. Yes, I am. What tribe? What else? So? It is good to have two kids have identified the trend. Was it an Indian staff with appropriate conditions? Just being a former physician? Hands that are young, and I think the most of them is, is basically the same. Take a damn good job withose. Oh, god. Thank you so much, Professor Paul, thank you for your interest. Instead of doing that, let's make a lot of money. That's what this wonderful person says, psychiatry, we train in drugging children for profit. And that's what America's all about. Here, let's hold them up with the real one. Let's not get them off that sugar. Having them hyper and crazy and bouncing off the wall. Let's put them on a lot of really dangerous drugs and see what they do then. So, 11 after noon at 5.50, WQM, you want to go. All right, this is G Gordon Litty, and they don't come any worse than Neo Roger. No. Hi, this is G Gordon Litty. To think this is a very successful sense that by showing us all about something new special. I think America's doing right now. Come on, let me call you man. Oh, I'm already. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Ooh, I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like a octopus. That's so tough. It's me bag boy. We want your bag. Hey. Ooh, can I cut you? Sure, get here. Ooh, run your hands. That's soft. Hey, like, well, hey. What's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouth around it and you blow it. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, get here. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Hey, I mean, you're doing it like this. What's the special thing here? That's me, Chanda. What do we do with him? Well, you do with that, lad. He's put your both hands on it. You cover the hole and you run your hands up and don't misshap. You're quick. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, run your hands up and don't do it there. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and don't misshap. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, hit, hit, hit. Oh, we'll let it. I'll let it. Sure. Let it be, lad. Keep moving. No harder, lad. Adam. Squeeze the bag. Please, mom. Let's run your hands up and don't misshap. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and don't misshap. He's so strong. He's so strong. Oh, my God. He's doing it. He's doing it. Come on, lad. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. You can have a little bit of a can. I don't have to catch me, but I'm a baby. Oh, this book is enough to make me. I'm going to talk about this on Monday. I don't want to get everybody depressed today. I've got the drugs and kids. It's got all this whole list of all these kids murdering people in about all the drugs that they were on and this one kid was put on Riddle and when he was in the third grave. November 20th, 1986, Rod Matthews 14, beat a classmate to that with a bat in the woods. There was house in Canton, Massachusetts. The ride was extremely bright. He was put on Riddle and when he was in third grave. It might be of all of those other great statin drugs for a cholesterol. I was telling you about several weeks ago. And that one hard book where he says only people who are in have a very short lifespan who think they only made a very short time anyway should even think about using those drugs. How do you like that? Oh. But we don't have to worry about stuff like that because theaters will make it tougher now for teenagers as the R-rated films. So that will stop all the shootings and the everyone behavior. There you go. So a typical in this country. Every time there's some kind of a problem, some kind of a crisis, what kind of freedoms can we take away? How can we shackle the people? So it's to put a bandaid on it and make it look like we're doing something instead of, you know, going a little bit deeper than that and really sobbing the problem. Because you know, you go after those drugs it's bad for business. And I can't say that a couple of weeks ago in most civilized countries where they have like real socialized medicine. Oh no, don't say that. Well medicine isn't a profit making deal where the government takes care of the people and the people have a right to have quality medical care and whatever they need. Profit isn't the motive. They're not even allowed to advertise like in Canada. There's no profit motive. But in this country, like I've said before, it's the medical mafia. The doctors, the pill companies and the hospitals put them all together and you've got a bunch of dying people. That's why there's all these cracked diets going on because nobody cares about that. That's why every Sunday morning including this Sunday, you'll see all those cracks on there where they're phony, fat sucking up drugs and a keto sand and this one and now when all this garbage, like that ad I talked about yesterday's Sun Sentinel, half a page of a big lie. And they take the money and put it right on it. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one lie. Here's a facts by the way that makes a good point. I'll have to fix it and make it. But nevertheless, it's a, you think anyone would have been killed of ericara smoke to joint that morning instead of taking his medication. If marijuana could only be made by a pharmaceutical company would be legal because then there'd be a profit motive in it. Absolutely correct sir, right on target. God forbid that some cannot there's shit smokes some weed and I see just this wild epidemic of people smoking weed. I want to give you a, I want to give you a, killing each other. It's incredible. That's this country. Your government's all screwed up. They have no clue even where to start and so what they do is they come under people like that, or send under snatch. And they pontificate. They get up there with all their self-righteous bull crap and about all the vulnerability and about the, the, this and that. The lonely. But it sounds good in theory. They like it. Sounds real good. And you know, why not take a bullet for a, Jesus or Aala or Buddha, whoever wants you to take one this week. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Hey. Yes sir. Speaking of shit. You see that bread out, where you're off the pipe? Yeah. I saw it. Oh man. The water bottle was jumping up in the air. Uh-huh. Um. You know, what's passing those stupid laws? You know, let's put metal detectors in the school that way. They're the first guys to get shot when there's more on the community gun. Right? Hey, would you play, uh, playing stop? No. 5605050505050. You see what I'm saying? About the, you know, the deal. We can have 72,000 different things at which we do. We have, I think, 183,000 different bits in there. And it's always the same like five or six. And that's why generally I don't do this. But it's so it's not really holiday, but pretty damn close. You see any people outside? No. Nobody. 560505060 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. No. How you doing? Great. Have you seen the A&E special on, uh, O.J. in the justice system? No. Oh, it was all last night. You got to catch it. I don't know. I don't want to see any more O.J. MSNBC now that the war is over in Kosovo. Now they picked up the O.J. I was channel surfing last night. They had his, uh, her name is, uh, Mary Cox. And your, this big fish talking, such craft. And also the white supremacist group that you'll run into cool. And, uh, all this racer, they won't let O.J. alone because it's a racial thing. It was the most nauseating thing. And I just buy a set of myself. That's the end of me in O.J. I don't want to know from him. I can't take anymore. Well, you know, the, that book's coming out. Did you hear? Yeah, that book come by, uh, who did she say was by? I agree or great. No, no, by a garrison. Mr. garrison. He never first named. And then the one woman said, yeah, I think you're talking about Jim Garrison. He's been dead for a few years now. Right. Hey, uh, any chance you put garrison? I'm looking for a couple requests. Yeah. Maybe one. Hanks in every with Wilklar. No. Okay. All you can eat Negro. Okay. Thanks. Don't be rubited in. I called Richard Mattford Chuck. I have a tough time of this name. In fact, I knew when he scored that time goal in the game last night. I thought to myself, if I go to mention his name tomorrow, I just have a tie. I don't know what it is. In fact, they interviewed him before the game. Good looking guy. By the way, he looks okay to me. Richard Mattford Chuck number 24. Big tough kid. Kind of like the spiritual leader of the Dallas stars. But nevertheless, I knew why I would butcher his name up. So what does this guy want? Or you can know what is that under? So it's under Phil Dash. Yeah. I didn't fill this. How about Phil's twisted? Or Phil? Did you feel your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew is in that room for long and still. Not with the Lord. In other words, in hell. I don't know. I feel I don't know what a Lord is doing. And he comes and thinks, Father's body, I don't remember. You fear that that Roman Catholic community is the H.R. deaf use body. Yes. All right. So I'm going to say a lot of vana's here. Roman Catholic priest on KFI 64. How you doing? Good. But this man, first of all, I'll put my condolences to you on the wrong of your nephew. Are you a priest? Yes. Yes. I am. Okay. So I'm just one. Let's see. I'm just one. Let's see. You've been missing from about a hundred years. How do you eat beef? Well, if you just hang on on, explain to what I believe is. And then you can draw your own conclusion. What do you eat, people? The next thing we're teaching is, and you draw your own conclusion. Let's see, Father. It's fine. Okay. First of all, we believe that we're new in this community. We receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, tell my God. We will hold on, man. No, I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what I believe is. You eat flesh and blood. If you want to let the day go like that. Oh, my God. I'm fine. This is our belief and you're on conclusion. Now, you've got to let the Father explain. Well, what I want to tell you is, I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. This is like show-reaser. It's like cry, but it's a cry. I'm so glad you're here. I'm sad because you've been missing from the bottom. What happened to you? You've been on conclusion. You eat the buck, you eat the whole damn thing. Excuse me. Don't you eat it? We eat the whole. Yeah, the whole. But you see, it's the whole body, you know, the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood and the flesh. Of whom? Of the man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh, God. That is a blasphemy. Or if you can't believe that. Or I'm trying to do it in front of my body. You eat the whole body. You eat the whole body too. I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what that means. What does this man talk about eating the blood and the flesh? What in finish? I'm not just saying what he had to say. The blood that just man, were Jesus, good bread, and blessed and broken and said, Pages, a needed disease is my body. Oh, true. I needed the cup of lime, you said, take and drink this is my blood. And again, you said, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood. Oh, God. Oh, my God. This is good Friday. Exactly. You talk about eating the blood on Jesus. I'm going to call you home. What we believe. You grow but on Jesus' hands. They want you to believe in the blood on all our own ears. If that's the disease. In my list, you're what about him. Good man, I'll again. Matthew on Jesus. And Catholic. MacDonald Moris. I'm MacDonald. I don't know what he's got. I'm John. The abjet, let's MacDonald your boy, huh? You will last for a while. Matthew for a bit. You will last for a bit. Yeah. I think I'm going to need gross mortgages for a go over there. Well, I'll tell you. Listen, Matthew, don't explain that. I don't understand. You're like a better bus. I'm going to bother you. I'm going to bother you. Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time. I really do. I'm going to get these, sir. Well, you, you, you, you pay for your sins. Well, only better to God. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. And MacDonald Moris, like a better bus. Oh, you can eat. Oh. What was it? What do you call, man? Oh, you can eat. Oh, you can eat me, bro. Oh, God. So, I understand. We're going to go next. Yeah, okay. Prop 47 at 560WQM. Why do you ask me? Oh, God. So, I understand. We're going to go next. Yeah, okay. Prop 47 at 560WQM. Why do you ask me? Because I'm the head of my sister. Why do you ask me? My name is Minus. My name is Bill B. My name is Minus. My name is my name is Minus. My name is Minus. My name is Minus. My name is Minus. My name is Minus. My name is Bill. He's hard to do. Y'all like cutting little sinkers? I've got a little sound that comes right out of you. Think about the puppy. Wanna got me in doing exactly like I do? Get paid for a little salt about blue blue. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spice to it. I'm gonna fart on. And Dr. Dreas. You'll manage your pesky. Hey, I'm not. What do I sell ass? Then you look wet. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell that rip and gas isn't too much pretty swear. I got this job when I took my jeans off. It's fun and so hard to turn my underwear backwards. Like Chris Krawr. And every night I'm like, oh, get her dad. Then put up my ass, pass it up. That bitch who asked you fat. Smell this hoony. Y'all just played him in his took girl. I don't give a fuck. God said me to think the world of my Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. My Ains. I just see to want to meet Kate down back in Jiu-Di-Hai. The problem was something. Problem I asked him to die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. What? Walking his dress club. My tassels will fill the moves of bartenders took it. Don't let it tickle. When over to a dancer had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Got a knife sent him my life. I was lied to. I just sat down down my mom got all get to that. My shoulder I throw up to be a famous rapper. They correct about three notes. They don't look crap. You know you lose dirt when the women first lead. You try to hold it back. But you must need to relieve the sky and watch the castle. It's pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. My aint it. Oh, this is unbelievable. The broad and your number five. And they expose special seas on this. Uh, what is the name of the show now? Or the person to prove fun CNN. She's on her again. What did I tell you? Now, the minute that the war was over in course of all. Now we're off all of that heavy duty coverage and nonstop intensive history. Now we're back to. The kill McColle. Hymn again. On and on. Why do you know, and we can go back to John, but we already decided that daddy done it. Mommy done it and the brother done it. So yeah, and the dog done it. So what's the point? Just astonishing how desperately sick you people in the media are just beating and whipping and flailing and flagulating. Here's Kendall. Hello. And you know, a channel 7 runs with it, right? They're running on it. Yeah. And in fact, probably there will be jogging with him when he moves down here. Rick Sanchez will be jogging with him in the morning. Yeah, listen, I usually fact my material in, but today I figured, you know, with the shortage of calls, I might as well give you a call. I can only, you know, at least I can do. Oh, she moved across. Yes. Please be, uh, seemingly decent farmers punk. Farmer, daughter, farmers daughter. Yes, please. What, what name did you give us? Seemingly decent farmers punk. Okay. Whatever you say. Thank you, sir. Okay. What do you know what that means? No, you do. What? Seemingly decent. It's not decent. But seemingly so. That's what he was trying to say. It wasn't funny. Or I wish you wouldn't have explained it to me. Sorry. 560, 50, 560. Well, why did you have to go explain it to me in the whole thing? There was no farmer who lives on a rocker. He said in the middle just saying he needs to bet some boys who were down by the ship. They're being no water. They're in on their marbles and they think they're not happy for. They're teamer young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps and then wiped up feet dark. She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children. So they would not spend. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you in layer from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock. He looked like a man with a side of the hole home in the country with a big fence out front. If he has to phone like Lee She's show him her n't know that dog who was subject to pit. And maybe she's left and grabbed hold of her small tender and whip them movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked down his candy so deep. He made a buzzer sky. And then he spread with cream all over her coat. He said she had knocked out on her shell. If they disobeyed her, you can go to yourself. Alright. Well 37 is down piece in the May 23, before 1 at 5. 60 WQM Airlines. Instead of doing studies on why these kids are acting this way and all these grotesque drugs and the barbarian society that we're doing. Instead of doing that, let's build some more stadium. I don't know if that's like that. I have a wounds basketball team. And a curling team. That's here it. That's what we need. That'll solve all our problems. Janice for Lopez. You've got huge buns. I'm going to eclipse the sun. There are parts of you that will never stand. Nothing grows under your shine. Can't Janice for Lopez with sun. Don't make it. Go again. We can't be seen at your bus wide name. Let us know that it's up to me. 43 at 5.50 WQM 5.60. 5.60. 5.60 on a mobile one line. Here's my any. Hello. How are you doing? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Okay, sir. I got my girlfriend listening. If you could please please. Shea you Poverty. I got it. You're just relaxed. Thank you. I'm just going to be installing for like 2 seconds. How about shea you Poverty? I'll be okay. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Langing of Step 3D, acting commit your film. I can't use myself. I'll just focus on what we and the director have to take. While we're counting on each other. But my friend. And the story is Why are talking a little dark is everything? A moment that you was fine. Can I box you a branded with some political films? I'm not a man but a son I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I'm not a father I think that's too. I'm gonna start talking about the last one. I'm gonna start talking about the last one. I'm gonna start talking about the last one. How many, five, six days? WKM, a marginal Friday here. The 11th of June. So 11th of June. They're already all bailing out. Oh, bailing out. There will be a whole bunch of people at those ball games this week. And they're all the Yankee fans, like Joe Custello. He'll be there. I don't know why he'll be there because it's for free. Oh! Because he got my tickets in my parking passes. He'll be a dinner at Roots Christmas week. He'll be for free. He's not buying for about 500 of my best post for a little friends. Here's a mobile and dear field. Oh, I need a. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. And back. I don't know what it would be called. I don't know if you would know it is Go Jean. But there was a Monday nighter about two or three seasons ago. Where man, it was jodling in a period of time. That's all right. I think that's a. No, no, no. Back to the ball. No, I was random. No, okay. Don't got it. Okay. What about, uh, what about, uh, weaver? Uh, didn't know he was on the mic. 5.670560. 5.660 on the mobile one. How about that morning that DFO said, uh, you know, about six weeks ago? And that morning when he said something. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Hey, I missed you. I moved out of Miami about five years ago. So as I come into South Florida, there you are. Here I am. Yeah, I just like to son. There are two things you can't take out of this town. A sunshine and the old Neil. It's right. You're one of the only things I miss about this place. And who can blame you? That's all we got is the sun and the old Neil. Well, I just called to say that I still love you. And do you still let people call people with douchebags? Yes, man. Okay. Joe Boochel and Carolyn Glenn Hodges, your douchebag. Okay. Have a great weekend. Good morning, Neil. Bye. Bye. Welcome back. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Anybody got anything to say to the baby side of these? Oh, stupid request. Anything got any? Oh, no. Sorry. I brought up that stuff about that great game last night because obviously there's just all man. The intensity this town is just, oh, I'm fire about that. How is it possible to have like 4 million people in the tricone area and have so few that have got any clue about anything that's like good, you know, crap. They know they're crap. You don't much to think about that. Here's a lady in Boka, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I also don't have anything important to say. I have nothing to tell. I just say today I'm sitting out with son. Except I think you're diamant. Of course, you make my whole day. Great. The reason I call him is going to have a request. Sure. I have a relative from Connecticut visiting the past and he would love to hear that song with the names in the pharmacy or pharmacy names. Some names? Some names exactly. Okay. Sounds good to me. Thank you. Good night. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let me tell you. Our scale of gas six takes that you for the exact time of death. This is an extraordinary one that I've shown them. They six forever different like that that the trim level is. Now I've rolled you to four names and the drug stole. Sure. You wore the toy of Endora Creeper. Since then, I've written that if that event nobody doesn't make a play. Triaminocies are like slow, low speed, low problems of a secret. Sky emotion, old friend, waiting at the tag a man, late takes. Now can they stay to attack as they can. I know my lack of physical, egalitarian, I call the territory of my existence. I said, oh, this young man will try a minute, take a step back. By the term I see, they're bad just six. They're the missing down on the yellow container. And what we should want is with the names that they've given to the flag. Dearly. Do they think you don't have a role? You look for names at the drug stole. Yo yo yo yo yo. Why do they think it's black? Do kids think it's those young names? With all the names that tell the time they have the cold of the wild breeze. So I can tell you what I'm trying to do. So well, we may look at both of them. Something fancy, okay, like Moisha. How come we'd have no Moisha's gone and I'm going to show no Moids? Ten before one and five sixty. That would be a QM 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. How come we have any lunch here today? Is there any special reason? We'll have any lunch. Maybe just with my mind. There's some substituted one. Do I want to eat the guts out of OS? Sure, no problem. Okay, somebody will go fetch you. Okay. Yeah, let's have some guts for lunch sounds good to me. Here's a mobile and no pelocchio, hello. No, by making a new. Yes sir. Got a quick quick. Got a quick quick. Got a quick quick. Yeah. You're still honoring Luke Skywalker Luke's father. You excited? Had you Luke time your father. What is that? It's a little skitty, does with the star worship scene. Okay, I let go of it. All right, and closing I'd let go of multiple geese crunchy dates. Yes? Eightcy junior and Roy Kerema. You're flaming Roy Cole drilling disparities. That's this, especially Roy. Okay, see. Five, six, seven, Opa. I'm sure Gwen I did this today, because I mean I got my check in daylight. a day late so my as well knock a day off the counter it's kind of like not even being here today I'm glad about it yeah it's like an out of body experience that's all right you know what are you going to do when there's a 55,000 people left in town and 3,000 and then a 45,000 of gone man it was great I'm coming to work this morning I thought is this like the weekend I'm and I drive it on the wrong day or something nobody on the road so who's here with the sub who was that what is that all about where the sub's from what's this all about they told me but I forgot oh someplace that I've ever heard of before someplace we never heard of so we don't want to give more free plug that's okay because I always want to give people free plugs even if the food isn't all that good like a couple of days ago when oh 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and they never came to pick up the silverware and the knife set that I brought back you know what am I going to do about that I don't want to keep those knives I will keep the cap though I like the cap and the shirts were great the golf shirt the t-shirt that stuff we will keep those because we like them and I I'm sure I'd like the knives too but I just did a very expensive knife and that would be an actor that even even somebody like me even a free loaded like yours truly I could never lower myself to that level unless of course they don't show up in a few days in which case what do I do I can lend this sit there and run maybe roll and ship them out to OJ since he's so big again now 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line here's a mobile and less Palm Beach hello yes sir oh very long time list here been a very long time since I called but I just wanted to thank you for a couple of things I've taken your advice many times on movies and books and such and all these things yes one of the latest is the list in the bottom time I can't send them every morning and that's great great that's a great job it's show you how long I've been listening I get a very shameless request and major flip the how do you want well I honestly have that somewhere okay I'll find it and have a great thing you two sir we have four of you string around somewhere it's not a car it's not in there it's not a car isn't there no stand major probably now are you sure is that it the one where he says stand major now a news talk radio 610 Wild if you have missed a last show you this well then what the hell is your problem plane is in New York so I do it with you I don't want came back I just hope you know well then who do you want I do you want Allen first I think you want Joe your Reynolds they want the hell do you want in the air silence is that all we have what do you give me a name but is that all you want is that all we have behind a content do you want during two to six I think here the next and major show this happens on its true on this radio 610 WIO need yeah the hey did you like poisons stand don't take it personally unless you want to but the audience just they despised you I mean with a passion and the fury that was just all of that particular crawler who sounded a little bit like what he wasn't him I think it was this twin sister it was just annoying that same annoying voice that we've heard fifty billion times before what is that what is on that plane I mean obviously it's the same which little sub things yeah sub-tokes what is that out to do with the most jack-a-moast sounds real tight in the mean we love our friend of jocomost we better love our friends of jocomost because otherwise you got tourists is that for you or is that I mean I don't want to start getting pushy rating but I'm not going to sit here and watch you all eat you know I'm just going to pick one and you can have another rest to take apart that's it all all of the things like the race and say it's a lunch if you ask me I mean I could be wrong what not well whatever we'll see I'll check it out WQM's you're just posking would lunch hello yes sir hey wow I got right on because I picked up cold because we're monkey and I would lunch hey I'm Neil work in that time to screw with a phone when the food is here Neil yes when I do the my before you do my request I just want to ask you question did I over here you a couple months ago say that Glenn Hill the bird is dead no I did not I said he was in a hospital he was very sick is he dead though I don't know you don't know because my request is that one because yeah is this the bird just played something did he sound like a douchebag that one yeah what's it called I don't know I hate the bird is that it is it's one I hate the bird does it sound like this if you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 16 WIOD you missed this as the bird yeah okay let's do me if they were play anything because I can't stand listening to you you start like a douchebag do I just do me if they were play anything well can I ask you a question before you go oh god you sound so stupid I hate to talk to you yeah go ahead why did you call me I didn't call you I just said you not to say anything just play something oh can't stand it well then why are you listening I'll play something already why won't you answer I can't stand it you won't see he won't talk to me oh we got a car here hello damn it you know this is first I thought this isn't going to be very good this lunch you know it because it's kind of simple and I'm not eating the bottom course because my aunt can't have for the last day what let's see 12 or 15 hours 18 hours but it's sliced tomato and mozzarella buffalo mozzarella like fresh and the this is a rooger level what is this it's an Italian what is this you wouldn't know you have asked you so it's a lot of stuff what now but it's I can't in fact I wanted to be a Italian cook and show she was cooking with this stuff last weekend or the week before but anyway that's great that's what ends the flavor of this man huh oh she's on the air when I'm out full but come for a good yeah we're not bad it would be squatted would be just be tomato and cheese which you know what's a big deal with that great excellent thank you so much our good close friends at jocomo's where are they do we want to say where they are for not yet oh here it is under my locations on brickle avenue 10 60 brickle avenue 800 100 self Miami Avenue and south beach 429 espagnola way oh this is an amazing how these sandwiches came over here nice and fresh and didn't lose anything in the translation talk at the 7 at 5 60 WQAM oh boy it's the 1 to 2 hours oh rock we're playing tags white bear on the dead Romney little wolves planting maintains call the You know what she went, drink it but you got a note mustache. They've been through the earhole, and you want to see but our shortens I've been more than a young PD. Mom and dad were full together, like my Lincoln law. Last time I thought something like that, Mom was yell at the door, Dad was breathing heavy, Mom was on her knees. You know what that had a boom boom crush, she took them where he peed. He's been told to keep all watching mom and dad, making those eels. The most mom ever has. When we watched a little longer, the nice started to get sick. If daddy's name is Albert, why mom asked for a chick, daddy grew in his high-profile back. Mommy wanted more. She's one back on top of him, but all he did was norm. Beep and through the keyhole, have for minutes had. I can't wait to try to stop them, they're only my plan. I can't wait to try to stop them, I'm done doing my plan. All right, one, all three at five, 50, W2M is always a quest Friday, which is a bad move on my part, but never let's let's do a turn back now. Like when you just brothers and sister Rose once said, and now what they said, have we heard from them again? No, no. Here's a mobile and lake worth, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello? Let me say it again. There's a mobile and lake worth, hello? No. Yes. Hey, buddy, long time, Mr. First Time caller. Yes, sir. Who's like having your opinion on something that's moved by? Uh-huh. If love of Theresa would have looked like Pamela Anderson, do you think she'd have been a nun? Good question, we'll take a poll out Monday. Thank you. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Comp five, 60 on the AT. I know they'd need a bigger casket, I know that. She she picked a bed we can to die, you know, mother Theresa, bad timing. They say everything in life is timing. Bad timing sweetheart, wrinkle up old bag, bad timing. Good up stage by that Diana. Here's a lady mobile and plantation, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Are you still waiting for me? I'm not speaking to you right now. I'm waiting for you. Okay. Can you, I'm praying for you, whatever. I'm still waiting to talk to Neil. Well, this is Neil. I'm speaking. Oh, you're Neil. Hi, well, I'm a little late. I wanted to call you last week. You had a program about where our all the Liz deans and plantations. I do. I'm one of them from Plantations. Oh, right. I can get a chance to call you, but I'm calling you now. Great. We are out there. We need a lot more lesbian than plantations. We're no lot out there and we're living great and spending money in all the gay places and keeping our people alive. Great. Okay. I also wanted to tell you. Yes. I got a mattress using your name. Great. So that really worked well. And you ever go to the peer for drinks? No. We got to go there. Okay, I'll see you there, sweetheart. Okay, bye. Bye, bye. I sure hope that mattress don't smell like fish after this weekend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Speaking of fish by the way, who picked those sandwiches out? You know, Joe Costill, I'm never going to let him pick out my lunch again. Apparently it was a madhouse. It's a great idea. Well, I don't care. Apparently, at least he could look at there. See what he's bringing. He's coming up with a mattress on it, which I started chewing into. Oh, that's like, that's like almost as bad as anchovies. Yeah. Exactly. That was precisely my thought. I got a locks in my purse. Oh, fat. And then another one had like egg on it. I do like omelets, but I don't like any other kind of egg. I mean, oh, man. Just a look at it. Looks like something pre-eaten, you know. Pre-tasteed by human lips. God. But nevertheless, the first one was pretty good. It was a little slice of tomato and cheese and a little slice of whatever that was. That was great. That was the amount of lunch. Thanks, Joe. And it's really interesting, too. They're all running around all these barbarians in there to hop it up all the free stuff. Well, we have stuff in here and feed them, you know. Then it's great. But when we'd like to get a little bit of something that's, you know, it was rough for everybody else. Oh, screw it all his guys. Okay. Screw that. They can get their own goddamn food. Always been that way. Was that when the other joined, too? Sometimes the cops people would think of us. The employee that is. Yeah. Oh, yeah. When they had stuff they'd have to have more. They would come up with everyone's and while somebody would come up with you. That's true. That's true. It's not here. Only that. That never happened to you. Never happened to pack some. No. And definitely not here. These are the most selfish bastards I have ever seen in my life. You know, the colleague in the end, if he's like one day late, we run on a one. First of all, damn water. That beful. You know, him and that whole morning crew. Where's our water? Our water. Remember that day? They were militants about it. Like pissed off and fired up about it. First of all, the more water that beful drinks, I mean, bless you from our food. He was eating out in the hallway because the dunk and door that's people who hit this morning, which thank you again for my nice little piece of bacon as you see. I don't need a big lunch because I had that cheese and bacon and sausage thing. Just a small one. And they're still terrified of me. They're still saying, well, what is their problem? What a couple of pussy's. Okay. Good guys. Excellent food. Oh, that's going to be what some people have done. Oh, I didn't want to say that. Oh, no. Why? What is their problem? I told them you didn't bite. They're not done. Not a chance. Oh, forget it. What a thought. That's even worse than the locks. Eight minutes after one is five, sixty WQM. Yeah, stop. Get these fired up when I hear someone say that. Oh, baby. Come play with my flashlight. Okay. I think I can sound that you can take a big at all. Hey, baby. Come play with my flashlight. You don't have the flashlight. I have a watchcloth. Even to please when you're going down on me. Oh, yeah. Where is this other man on your knees? Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yes, I'm for some things in it. And well, here I come. The rest of this is clear. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Away with my flashlight. Who's your dad now? It's something to check to one in five sixty WQM five six seven O five sixty Pond five sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yes Sir. Yes, hi, how are you? Great. Are you a caller? All right. You had a bathroom song. Something about clapping. Remember that you played several months ago? Something about clapping? Yeah. The bathroom song. What do you have so many of them? Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. That's the one I picked you up on, but you... I'll play one of them then, be with. Anyone? Anyone about clapping? Yeah, I'm one of those guys. I'm as well as those guys. You go to the ass also before my ass. Okay. And have a great day. You'll do now. A bathroom song? Like, is he talking about like Barney takes a dump or something like that? Which I'm not going to play again today because I just played a deal with the day and one of those things that, you know, Where's Reethin? Really, really, really thin. Do you want you talking about? There's flush. That's good enough. That's good enough, right. That's excellent. I always like to. But, of course, when you're concentrating more on a glory hole in on the handle, you need to do it. Where, where's your bones of my heart? Every time you ask to use a soul in this view. Yeah, that's fine. But when you feel as you are, you need to say hi. And every special is to use a breath. Who went through that? You're right. You feel like you're a little too strong to just remain in the blood. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Good. interesting point about human nation. Now our own gas if there's nobody else around we love the aroma of our own forests. I mean everybody just oh deeply in hell and it's some a high as long as nobody else is around a smelly because then it's embarrassing. Everybody loves the aroma of their own. In fact, a lot of people actually with their hand blow it in the direction of their nose so they can take a really good whiff and not miss any of the fragrant aroma. But, but, if you look at the bowl, even if it's your own, say you know you just deposited there, it's not anymore appetizing than if for somebody else. Now that's interesting because you know what they say crap is still crap no matter who it came from, you know. But, gas, oh that's a different story. Mmm, aromatic. Wonderful. Lovely. Interesting point. Just for the first time in my life, if you go to show you there are new things, do avenues we haven't explored yet. New ideas we haven't thought about. Here's your field, Beach. Hello. Yes, speaking of crap, super talk of Rick and Sud. Yeah. They get me going in morning. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good call. Probably John Ford wants back on at morning show desperately to get back down to a point six. In fact, that's their new model over there. What's the point? Point three point one. Those got to what's the point, you know. Well, she really got ripped up big time and at the Howard Bealthing of the whole station but her especially and deserve it really so too by the way. God. I mean, just tragic. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the west and hello. Well, yes sir. Me all. You're my God. I just want to thank you a few things. Love fish food. Right. Love the acting data, a lot of 18 times so far. And I just want to ask what a favor. What's that website for the freedom from religion people? If so, www.ffrf.org. Ffrf.org. F is in that or friendly. Okay. Great. Because I got I work with one of those religious Nazis and they got a whole bunch of them. They got just fantastic pamphlets. You might ask them. It's all they're only like I don't know. Maybe a quarter of a piece or whatever but the send you a whole bunch of them. Oh yeah. Because it was that that when you read was just fantastic. Yeah. You're all even. And then I'm just reading one here to myself called your Christian which is I think maybe even better than that one. Oh okay. So tell me about that. I have to get a copy of that. Tell me some of all of you above. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. God bless you sir. You too. May the good Lord bless him keep us and let's take a full of ffrf. Okay. Or maybe just a arrow in the hill in the toe. Bull up for Christ is going a little bit. How much is like maybe in there? Not a poison arrow. Just like a little broken arrow in there in the small and the ankle maybe. Just kind of like not a direct hit. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hey, me, Ozzy. Go on. Love your show. Yes sir. I got a question and I have a request. I want to look for your best self-CD for a gift. I have my own but got a call center one. Got a call center one. Oh okay. What's that number, George? 800-339-18339-281-5. Okay. Great. They got them. And also yeah, human song. It's kind of like a rhyme. I'm not sure what it's called. I think it's not a proper starter. Farmers don't. That's the one. Just played it. Oh great. How about this? Well, the hope is so many. Ain't that good with trees and birds? And they hope? Yeah, I know my sister, all my life. That is why she's now my wife. I don't think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too. Yeah. Well, my daddy is my uncle. Joe M Mother is my dear and pro. Well, he does everything. See my friends. Go to the street. Oh, god. Okay. Please, if there is a guy save me from hearing one more answer to your talk in about the Nick. Okay. I mean, I don't really care. I couldn't give a crap less. Who in any of those sports ball games? I don't care. But I don't want to hear any more people from New York talking that's Swill. Okay. With those real, real, heavy stereotypical sounding voices. You know the one I'm talking about. I think he does. Oh god. Please. Don't do it. Call out the light bulb. They're not even on the ear anymore. So call them up. Call up stupid talk. Talk to that psychotic bitch about the stuff like that. Oh, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Talking about stereotypical last week some guy called you up and he was quite offended by you playing some bit on about crack. Yeah. Could you play it? Sure. Intedicated to him. Okay. Thanks. He had a little crack problem. Okay. I think it was in his rectum. Yeah. That might have been the problem. He had or maybe it was he could have seen or something. Oh, yeah. Right now for a little bit now about four shades okay. You'll be able to be like this. God. I think they wouldn't be the true close by. And if I have the bus case and I just say. Solve and I just declared I don't even跟 a surgeon. Does readped around until the fireence diese mess. I'm going to pack it into fucking necklaces. I know when you pack it in and you stab it my blood. When I go into pack it in and I know my job. I never knew to pack it in without packing my blood. Yes, Jesus, God, full-tailed free. I know that every now and then I still have some crack to go wild to loot. I see, he's not being gone. Some with fuck or the intersection walking for free food. I'm feeling in the abyss of the wealthy, pleasing God, a verbal house with no windows. And they're not enough of wishes she must pay the red home. Oh, hold on. Yeah, please go to crack city and I don't want to sell my crack. I've been going to crack city. You can count on that. I've been going to crack city and that's my rap. I've been going to crack city because I've been bad at it. To knock for every time. Oh, both of these eat all of it. I've had these house out. You mean you didn't play the guitar? I don't want to play the guitar. Oh, hold on. Yeah, I hope that young man is still listening. Maybe he's lighting up a couple of shades since he called last week because you know, every, you just have that little sense of humor man. Okay, about anything and everything. Go to call. Check it out. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, why is OJ1 from the West Coast to these coast? He wants to move from the West Coast to the West Coast to the West Coast. Yeah, because they have laws here that let him escape all the even able as money away. No, he must commit murder three hours earlier. Okay. Great. Three hours earlier. Got it? Three hours earlier. You got that. Not three hours later. Like if it's three o'clock at the afternoon out there at six o'clock at night, not only is it's stay a little bit pathetic, but you got a back with two. Okay, Jackass. Excellent. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Why does line? He wants to come down here because he don't want to pay the Browns and go home. And he wants to live the life of Riley when he's good buddy. Who was going for a backer? A big black plastic penis, by the way. I wonder who he's doing. I mean, what he's doing with it. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. Boy, was that joke pathetic? Yeah. Neil, you couldn't even get it right. Exactly. What did I tell you? My roommate and I started the act in April, both of us, plus 35 pounds. Great. And to great died, and I heard you talking about the black one for earlier. And I've been a notorious part of my whole life. I have often wondered if I'm ever going to be able to get married because I really have a problem with beefing it up in my sleeve. So that's like, started the act in diet. I'm not kidding. I don't fart anymore. Exactly. I aspire to fart how I used to fart. And I can't. I just can't do it anymore. No. Well, I don't even have too much success with that. I'm not sure you take that, you know, some fiber. Yeah, I get to select the carbs that causes that. I've been a little backed up. Oh. A shamel for questions? Yes, sir. All you can eat Negro. And I like how you did. Already played, sir. Oh, you did. Already played it. Okay. How about going to be good? Okay. Okay. And have a great day and no two of that again. Okay. Okay. Okay. And have a great day and no two of that again. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Fuck! He cut me best of earth. Do whatever. Yeah. Yeah. You have to do this. Okay. And if I dig in the table of boats. Oh. And he tell you this picture where the gun shall be... On the lights. On the lights. Soft sound is on. I have some who want to set up, And from what my alone way, You can detect the smell of bravery. ROY. Salt, gun to salt. Salt. He light up this flicker. He broke the thing. Swoop, gun to swoop, swoop, swoop, gun to swoop, swoop, smoke. Like on Javier Group. You'll be carry lots of earth in the grundy sack. Smoke it every day until you're long-sum like with all the funny dad we have made. Jump it, cut us a need and a foreign mate. A American for us from here and say, got nothing like this into you and this smoke. Smoke gun to swoop, smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. That's who I'm with you lucky. They begin to puff and choke. Okay. Smoke gun to swoop, swoop, swoop. Oh, we're fine. They gun to be good. On the Delphason you are at our stopman. You like to smoke to join a sip whenever you can. Many people come here from miles or round. A bite, they work from you by the house and you can. Rastaman is a tower from my right. They gun to be good tonight and then they spawn. Smoke gun to swoop, smoke. They light up this cliff and talk. Smoke gun to swoop, smoke. Smoke gun to swoop. They gun to be good. Yaman. You know, I would have promoted your parents a fine coat of Marathon tendinune but the sheet I'm looking all over it's long run. You're going to be a prime coat along with the bunch of other things. I'll go from 10 to noon tomorrow which is located at. Oh, I never actually read this thing. 2910. Yeah. Which is the Oakwood Plaza shared in in 95. Oh, no. And the East respectively in the by the South and then the father got all kind of freebies and they got those. Motor roll a one. Motor roll leather purse packs. Mother first five hundred. We like a real pack having a heading way look like a contest. Yeah, hot hot chicken wings and they got that three of stuff that we talked about yesterday for all the people at show up was a little packs of stuff. Packed packs of food and fun and cups and a big sandwich. Okay. And the first to 80,000 people at show up. 127 and five 60 can have dinner with us tomorrow night. You know, Friday you best. I know that you keep on checking in up my hair. Don't plan you come from the back. Sports court. Yeah. Help my friends. They're broken. I'm not so steady. It's come on to me. And that's the things in my head. And a foul thought. Oh, good. It's beautiful. I'm so hot. But if you want to be me. You know, everything's about me. Don't think you know. I'm on the way. And you should make it a day. But you could go to jail and let me run. It's like free. You left a friend on the day. She was 25 but she just appeared. I'm thinking of him a little bit. Daddy call the call. I'm on the perfect condition. Because of your perfect job being done on my couch. And you might be. And I'm on the same run now. Oh, my show. She's on the way. She's on the way. She's on the way. She's on the way. She's on the way. Yeah, there's no one in those great majors. I'm dying. What a time. She's looking my five. I'm seeing you as you. I was she's just a teen. So let me ask you this. You're a teen. Is this a teen, is it a teen? I'm not sure. That's a teen. It's a teen. It's a teen. It's a teen. It's a teen. It's a teen. It was just a teen. She's a teen. It's a teen. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. You know, this is Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys. Yeah, I just want to say. Show me the meaning of being lonely. Oh, geez. I hate to break the news to you, but Nick is in Europe right now doing that singing a little better than that, okay? So we'd heard a little more macho, not too much, but just a little bit. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, whirerless line. Oh, that was weak. Hello, what? Now, what was the song of the highly a thing? What was it called? The highly a song. Oh, under highly a... Oh, I haven't played that today. Oh, I haven't played that today. Oh, right. Yeah, excellent. See, now there was a song. This other guy is to make the lead Nick Carter. I'm going to report you to Nick, okay? He'll come to your house and have somebody beat the crap on you. Somebody else. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to thank you for saving my life. That's first thing. I was left and so on. Okay, took off late and the extra than half the writing for me. Really? Yep. Huh. Can I give you the same thing? I was left and right. That Jane from the Bank told me I saved her husband's life. I was left and I was down to this and that and... Oh, I like to go to the Chamber of Commerce for a quick. Go ahead, yes. Thoughts will arouse them. Okay. Thank you. With great reluctance, he said, because, oh, that thing is getting re-all. It's getting old and pondered. Hello. Mr. Peterson. Yes. High-dissed Bob Williams down at Surrey's Bob's boss. Oh, hi, how are you? How are you today? Fine. Are you sitting down? Yes. I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean bad news? I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now. Bob's okay, is me. Bob's fine. Oh, oh. Oh. A little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us. He's made all his quotas, his bonuses have always been in line. But we're going to have to let him go. What do you mean? We're going to have to fire him. And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very Please doing. That's not very fair. He's been very low to you. Yes, he has. That's like a flap in the face. I can imagine you're feeling that way. Absolutely, but. Feeling that way. You don't understand. We just had a baby. Yes, I understand. Up the young. I understood. This is a very hard time to do this kind of thing. I fully agree with you, but there is something that's happened down here at the Office that we can't overlook. It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself. I don't look quite out of tell you though. Why are you firing him? Well, it's a big reason. Look at you do. It's a little delicate. Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary. Oh, that's kind of a big. Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but. Up the bat is not the word. That stupid rotten son of a bitch I can't believe this. Well, he's going to need your support through this. I'm going to hit my. Yeah, I right now he's on his way home to you when he. I'm going to wait for him to meet. He's got another thing coming when he gets from. I'm going to taste a lot on the door. I'm not a step side on the front run. He can just have it all. I'm not even going to be here when he gets back. That's kind of a bit. And now, now I don't feel so bad about this. Brother. Oh, me. Oh, me. Oh, me. Oh, me. Oh, me. Oh, me. Okay. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. For the broken young. This is a little. I'm going to be in a crazy world. So far to believe. Walk with me and learn to deny until the night. So soon they turn around and feel free. Okay. That's enough. It's 22 before 2. I wonder if Hank ever got this New Yorker article about the hero. Then what a piece of record is about David Lawrence. Because he was actually about it on the air. The other way. Do you know what you do me favors Hank in there? Is he around? Yeah. I found Hank. He's doing the show here today. I don't know. I want you to take this article because I don't know if he ever got it. Because I'm done with it. I write it and it was right on target. And he might want to see who wants to see that. From New Yorker. Tom, it's from the New Yorker. He'll understand. It's about how the hero blows. Oh, God. New Yorker. You're going to end our race. You're done today. Have yourself done a pretty fun walk. Oh, God. Well, your friends away will back you all. Okay. If they're right, you're on a skunk. When you think of all the benefits you're getting. Like a wee sweeter. When you pack your heater. There's a cherry lights and a baby. Come on and join, is it? If they are married, it will be a mini rock. Yeah, M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! M-R-R! Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say your order of the game. We'll be done. 144 at 560WQA. I'm Hank Obergett, who are clocking. We've got Donnie H. B. At 6 o'clock, H. B. A. With a pregame show, whatever he's calling himself this week. And then we got the Amarlins in the Yankees tonight, which is from Mendus and Christopher the Yankee fans. And Amarlins fans probably got other stuff to do. I mean, like the guy said the other day, a lot of interest in Amarlins, but who wants to pay to go over and see that crap? What is all these other things to do? 560505060, Pond 560, on the AT&T, Wilesman, and the hell with education and worrying about kids blowing each other away and all of these things? Well, we can build new stadiums. Now we're talking. Oh, yeah. That's the position we take here on QAM because more new stadiums means more teams stick around here longer. And the more money we can lose for Gregory Digo. Here's a Naples, hello. Hey, my turnuel. Yes, sir, speaking. Oh, man, for any of these fools out there to think that the Catholic Church is stable and supportive family environment, they should pick up the paper to the end, or you'd associate a press article where the $500,000 was awarded to the young man who was the altar boy who was altered by the priest. People fact in the church. Exactly. Where was this? It was a poor Charlotte to Catholic Diocese of Venice will pay $500,000 to several lawsuits alleging that church officials failed to prevent an altar boy from being abused by a priest and acquire director. Is it one of what was that enough? Yeah. Absolutely. Why got to have that? I got to have a copy of that. Oh, wait, then associate a press. I don't know why you guys don't have it. It's funny. Look, do you think this place has a wire serve? The Naples, you should know the beeslees. I mean, they still have the first two nickels. They're still rubbing them together. It's a bee's Lee World. You should see the house. I'm going to take a day late. That's why I got my check a late day late this week. So they could go out and buy a house for $80 million. Did you see that place? No, I did not. I ever heard about this. No. That's absolutely atrocious. Really? It almost made me sick as that last weekend working at that bottom of the father's been a half a million dollars on for this birthday party. You know, give me a break. Anyway, next time you're up in Toronto, great city. I was there last summer. Yes, sir. Can't wait to get back. Right. I would love to immigrate to Canada. Anything to get away from these knuckle dragging red necks around here. Amen. Alex Fizzoulli's. Oh, yeah. I've seen the ad for that place. I've never been there. That guy enjoying yeah, and to ask you, I don't know if you get into muscles. But how many of the muscles? Yeah, baby. Oh, yeah. Who keeps squeeze and I'm OK. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in the muscles, all right. Yeah. In fact, somebody had his shoulder right by. I want to go into that CT. You know what that's all about? Yeah. No, put it over. Roll your sleeve back down, please. I mean, that's so obvious. You know, when somebody sits there and starts to like, I mean, come on. Okay, just wait till dinner this weekend, man. He didn't know it that stood for by the way. What CT? Yeah. Oh, sorry. Well, you know, sooner or later you got to bring all these knuckle road draggers into the real world. All these have been animaled people. Of course we know there's no glory of holes in Cuba. 147, what am I doing this for any time for that? Yeah. Oh, I just calm down. Relax. You sound like you're on doggy upper's today. Like you're on those, your pop and at Riddlein. Like Peter, what's his name? We got Peter Lugher in the state sauce, and I say, I'll be the permanent. My best friend. Oh, it's huge. He is so, oh, slimy. See, he's slimy. Look at the other ones just slimy acting. Put this with them together and you got a real jackpot. Here's a mobile and forlater nail, hello. Hi, I'm going to hell you. Great. Great. I just want to let you know that you turned me on to the Ak and Tyler appreciate that and speaking about food real quick. Have you ever been to Anthony's runway any four? Oh, yeah. Many times it's a great place. You want to be eaten there on a diet, boy? Oh, no, no, no. Oh, my god. I think you have you on the leave of amounts of food. Oh, wow. Great food. And, uh, shameless request. Yes, sir. You're going to have to help me out here real quick and, uh, forgive me, um, what the black American language is that they have ebonomics for you. Look, I can't remember the name of it. Boobonics. Yes. Oh, I took it close to me, son. I think this is a future piece that's told me now I can't get no job. Cos I have done that, not just the rest of you. I have spoken like it, not the go. If I'm an adult, they have this way. Now I can't be no such. There is this thing that's okay. Change my name to shoot through. Try to do send the code to any kind of life. I remember when I was stealing. Hold the white pants, cos hanging outside. The building there, Bob. Run the blues out, Bob and T. White deals, got no job. So, if I'm a kid, my not the same. Now I'm a family. Got to go with cell phone record team. Practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing. Practicing, practicing, practicing, practicing. Practicing, practicing, practicing. Noting when a ball is a song. It makes me sound so nice. Got nothing to do with the rest of you. Now I got to make my own money. They have a pool sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You've got to drink and get me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at all my ditch. Still a first and full of hair. Then I go on to take some money. I is there, real and a free of your day. I remember when I was dealing all the white pants, cos hanging outside. The building there, Bob. Run the blues out, Bob. The deal with got no job, Foddy. And now I'm a family. So, if I'm a good kid, my not the same. Now, got to go with cell phone record team. Practicing, practicing, practicing. Practicing, practicing. Practicing, practicing. Practicing, practicing. It made me exercise... To feel so nice... Oh, mundial... Damn, I'm just feeling real... Fly into the water. I can't even bear you my God. 150 or 560WQM, anyway.