Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. Talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-Read Acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560-28AM. Hello, thank you, Mona. It's been a while. I almost missed the show this morning. I rolled out a bit about 15 minutes ago. I'll do it. It's man, he is. Oh, so we could such a show. I could get the guest to laugh that loud. It's an wonderful call, man. The first 3 and a half hours were phenomenal. And when the air was high, as you see, there's a ride. When you come here every year, all people fall. The Wise couplezech have swam. Play foans. The little youngestie, right now. I have seen his eyes that you think were easy. And he thank you. Good night. Oh, Bob. Well, Ed. God keep us safe. Oh, Prince Canadian, for you. I are one way to get on your camera, for thee. Oh, Bob, please make some. Oh, Bob. Oh, Bob. Oh, Bob. Why does this have to happen to me? I ride 10 out to a 560 WQM happy 1990. And it's our first year of the New Year. Are we excited about this or what? No. Well, we are. Man, so much stuff going on. It's hard to figure out where to start. Let's start with a call. The first call of the New Year. We actually have a call here this morning. I wonder what could it be about? Poor Latterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. It is a great year. So far, so good. Did you hear about that Christian doom day call that was in Israel yesterday? Isn't that what a novelty? We got a bunch of religious fanatics in Israel. What a novelty. You're bleeding. These are Christians. They want to shoot up the place that they can start on. That's right. They're going to start on a getting and then Jesus has got to come down and get in the middle of the whole thing. And William Boyd is going to be hop along Cassidy with Gabby Hayes of getting involved. But the news is they can like a Jesus of the call. This is fundamentalist Christianity that believes in this guy. Right. Because Jesus can't go about the fundamentalist, the Orthodox Jews that are over there fighting with the Orthodox Palestinians. Oh, the same thing. Yes, true. They're all nuts. If you can. Jesus can't come back. I get they just sit down. Have a little a little cool laden's and yellow pudding. And you know, put him in all the suffering. Because in the Bible, it says we got to have the war. Jesus can't come back unless we have world war. We thought the first call this morning was going to be about Rick and Sudge. I don't hear about him. What happened? Okay. Have a great thing. Come on, Rick. Light enough a little bit. What you have for granted is over there. Bitch in this morning. They're not having any promotion. I'm going to promote the hell out of that God damn show. Thanks, early. And I want more time. There you go. Yeah, Rick and Fritz started this morning. Of course time. Rick has got a big column here this morning. We'll milk this pretty good. Get up. Those of you out there really. We got a lot of very nice people out there. We got some very bright people. But once in a while, I mean, it's kind of stare scary to me. But I'll say something that on the face of it is so ridiculous. And people kind of like at the hockey game on what's did I people coming up to me? Several by the way, intelligent people. Were you pulling our leg about that reneary thing? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, did they really believe that Mike renearies going to be on this radio station in the morning? Yeah. And the blood has a flashing sign on the side. The sign says, hi, my name is Neil. How are you, didn't it? Yeah. So is he going to be on the live? No. No, he's done. Time jick away. It's really still looking for radio home. Oh, my God. Oh, God, if I get a lot of stuff to say, we want to hear immediately because I don't want Rick and Fritz to feel too bad, especially such. Okay. Because I after this whole thing evolved and I told you last week, you know, jick of finally writes a column. Thanks to me, by the way, which is the first two words in his column are Neil Rogers. And then, of course, Terry Jackson there in the Harold writes a big guest on the end about shows, move and Rogers departs his whammy shifts evening. Did anybody at whammy tell us that we were going off? No. No. Any of our good, close personal friends who we used to work with over there by the calling and sing, oh, by the way, as of Monday, they're taking a show off. No. Not that I care because they still got to pay us through at the end of May, which is all we care about. In fact, being off of that abortion is like hopping off the Titanic just before it's too late. But it's pretty interesting that they just the yank to think off of there and nobody ever bothered and tell us. So this is all over the goddamn place. But I thought that once we heard that story about how they agreed to do the mornings or they went in and they talked both you into doing the mornings on a stupid talk, that at least they would do it with the assurance that they'd get something. You know? Because that was always the remember that the belly aching and legitimately so see if you want a blame somebody for what's happened to your talk radio in this market. Don't blame Buddy Bud Paxon. Don't even blame queer channel and David Ross and those people and Peter Boulders, the assassin. Don't even blame those people. You know who to blame? Uncle Charlie. No seriously. I'm serious about this is no laughing matter is it? Jesus is this a laughing matter we're talking about. The whole audience out there whose lives have been disrupted. All these good decent people and Rick in this business who've had their jobs in their livelihood screwed up. Three letters. The FCC that's Uncle Charlie. No. No. No. Connor you slow. I know it's only Monday and it's the first day of the new year. I've been drinking a lot. It begins with C. Okay, here. Let me give you a hug. Oh, the Cox. I was going to give you a god day of his there and then you were stepped in my damn thing. So what's the step on it? The Cox people. That's right. I know that the Bob and Cheryl. I'm sure they're out there listing this morning and all the other people at Tipper and gore and all those other day and people over there at Cox. They're listening. Hey, how you doing guys? But the and it's not me. It's not me. It's not blaming them on that level. Blaine that little you mentioned them the other day. With that little wimpy handshake, that little piece of turd. And Nick Tragoni in the Cox sisters and all those people up there in Atlanta. They're the ones that pulled the plug on WI. Oh, that's right. They're the ones that put it the whole AM radio into the state that it's in right now. And the reason I say that because, you know, they went on the morning. They're in a seat. They need a lot of moves back then. First of all, you can win your offer. There, and yeah, Reniri was old and crushed the in the whatever he was. But it was like an old comfortable shoe. Which is a nice way of saying even though the show sucked. They were making money on it and they leave it alone. If it's not broke, don't fix it. See, in this business, the number one motto is, we're going to fix it whether it's broken or not, whether you like it or not. And they tried to fix it. And if they ever ever ever since then, they're able to put it back together again. Like a humpedie dumpy routine. The pieces are scattered. Lives are scattered. All over the goddamn landscape of this town. Because of the Cox people. The Cox people were the evil people. Again, we're talking about the people of Atlanta. They pretended to be our friends. And then little Bob Neal came down here for that guy. They meeting that day. But that better thing is to do. And here's Buddy Bud Paxon. Meet Buddy Bud Paxon. Oh my god, that was like introducing us to the goddamn Ayatola. That's what that was like. Meet the anti-Christ. Here you go. We're just more engaging all of your lives to the anti-Christ. Good luck to you and blow it out to your ass and we're not getting it. That was basically the way they did it. And a very disgusting and nauseating way. And I'm so sick in Terry of all these companies. I mean, okay, I took publicly held company. It's on the stock exchange, which I'm sure Rick tomorrow. They're giving those stock numbers. You know, Rick, I hate to break the news to you. I don't want to give you advice because I'm going to promote they hell out of that Rick and Sudshow. Because I'm listening every morning, starting this morning. You got one listener. I mean, I actually listening to Rick and I. I mean, I actually listening to Rick and Sudshow's a post that we got on this station. You bet. And as bad as that show is, my I shouldn't say that. Should I say that? Well, I mean, as, you know, today was the first day in the morning. Give him a little bit of time. Because my point being that they don't have any more assistance on a morning there, they don't have like a news guy on there. Like they would chuck my or a sports person or like anybody. They got that stupid talk, this network thing, which means, you know, the lowest thing that money can buy. Savors much as we possibly can and just stick a couple of guys in there with Adam and the other. I'm going pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. You know, like that. And that's a show. So they have no end of course Rick was belly I could get about no promotion. I'm going to promote the Rick and Sudshow. How do you like that? I want you to understand because I want to make this clear right up front. Not at the expense of the worst team. No, why are you laughing about that? No. Huh? Not at the expense? No. Of the worst team. In other words, the people who listen to the worst team, I'm not suggesting you turn about, but those of you who listen to this show, who don't listen to the worst team. Here's an alternative. Rick and Suds are on mornings on stupid talk on WI and Z940. Started this morning. They're back in the morning because they had to save their job because they were going to blow him out of there. Rick said, Oh, please, please can we go back in the morning and maybe the stock market will go up? But as I started to say, Rick, I don't want to give you too much advice. And I know you'll never listen to any of it because that's one thing about Rick and I don't know what you would tell him. If you told him it was Tuesday, say happy Wednesday, happy Friday. You know, that kind of thing. But the people who listen to your show don't care about the stock market, okay? They care about maybe the flea market. That's the market they care about. No, seriously, that's the market where you'll see most of the Rick and Suds audience. That's not a put down because there's a lot of those people that hang out at the flea market. I want to see all the people on the phone right now who listen to some of the Rick and Shotshow this morning, okay? I want to see a show on his phone immediately. 5605050, 560 on a mobile one line. See if they got a crowd out there because you know there's got to be some crossover. You know, people just aren't going to give up the old WI. See a habit just like in the year to it's not going to happen. 10 out of 10, you've been getting 560, WQ. No, that goes on inside the house and his cheerleader and wife. I don't know if they're reading the newspaper or the script is one of the other. Rick Wally, Rick Wally, Rick Wally. So I wonder what Rick is doing if they're dining with the tables and they speak right now. Why do I have to be picking on me? Just lighten up, man. There is some heavy-boony crap going on inside of that house. I think we can make a soap opera where it would make Chester Wally a pale in the wind significantly. I never set that anywhere. If you can't. Well, if I did it for God. Rick Wally is like some kind of a psychotic, uh, anxamberdor in that house and his underwear and his newspaper. That's not bad enough. Rick Wally. Rick Wally. Rick Wally. Oh yeah. Rick is discussing that right around the dining table right now. He's loving Cherelead and right. Well, he's really picking on me. Just lighten up, man. Oh yeah. Yeah, I like it to me, but we have the cheerleader for the remnants of AM radio in this market. On the only, I'm like the Cetterpiece and at AM much, I'm like an old craggy Cetterpiece for what's left of AM radio, which is not too much, that's right. By the way, before we get into the, we got a million calls in there. I want Rick and says I'm sure it's not the most in the right now. Rick is too, but he wanted to admit it. Airbie lad in his board is lit up like a guy named Hancock Bush because we got all these crossovers. Okay. And now the fact I'm promoting their show, I would fully expect tomorrow morning all four hours, but I'm going to be going on saying, Now, we don't want it, you know, because they work for a very, very, very tight fisted and very hard ass company. But I expect them to be saying for the now Dr. Laura will be on at 10, but those of you who don't like Dr. Laura, those of you who wouldn't listen to Dr. Laura, you better turn over to five 60 Uncle Neal 10 o'clock because he's promoting us. That's called pit for tat is what it is. You can't say tat on that station, but nevertheless, you can say. So anyway, I'm expecting to hear that tomorrow, and I'll be listening anyway. Here's a, before we get to your 50 million calls here, where the Rick and says back on here. I got an idea. What we'll do is we'll like have still come on, we'll put him on like, the Haitian station or something in the afternoon. Huh? So, yeah, a little tech tack dough, there you go. And we'll put together the old WI did just won't be on the same radio station. There you go. Hey, and we'll just cross promote each other and we'll find a way to weave our way through all these radio gun of them. He'll all these lunatics that think they know something. They're putting all this swirl on the air. How about those gators? How old you got it here already? Well, yeah, Jesus Christ, get a life. Here's a memo that says I am very proud to announce the MVP's for WQM plural for the month of November. San Duke again and Chris Reed and FU never thought he'd get to sustain the ward. However, San and Chris have been hard at work on many projects. Yeah, they've been hard on many projects, all right. Besides the regular promotional duties for WQM, Chris and San have done a stellar job at Dolphins home game events, and particularly helping push the set of one campaign along. They are both, here's the best line of the century. They are both tireless workers who have only the good or the radio station at heart. Oh, they both interested in getting laid. There's nothing wrong with that, but let's be honest about it. Okay, that's number one number two number three and maybe number four is the good of the radio station. Okay, like I said, maybe number 20 or 30 after the first 19 the blow jobs. San and Chris will each receive a $200 bonus for their or a WQM pin. Take the money. For the achievement. Please join me in congratulating San Duke and Chris Reed, the WQM employees of the month for November. Oh, come on, it's for November. This is January already. I'm going to understand that. Are we lucky? We're a little slow here. Oh, of course you have noticed that. And by the way, congratulations, is it Ralph? Is the board up that did the spot where he talks about lobster termidor? Do you have a heard about this? There were the salespeople who were paying their pants out in the hallway when I went to take a leak. Yeah, they were paying in their pants. I figured I'd go down the hallway and do it. But at any rate, lobster termidor has once again the QM board up straight there into the heart's responses. Oh, it goes to coast. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale? Yes, sir. Are you Bill and great? I just want to talk to you about the MDA strike. If you're great. Okay, great. Here's a mobile in Del Ray. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I agree with you with that answer. That's called Rick. You know, he's just right on everything. No matter what, he's always right. His son is never wrong. You know, he did you listen this morning, sir. No, I don't listen to his act in the morning. So they took him off on three minutes from six until 10. Yeah. No, I have time. I listen to him. I listen to him. Now, what do you listen to in the morning? Listen to how one or five. I'll get out of here. See, it's a cocks set up. So does that mention cocks broadcast in the Evalent Park? They're setting up that. That was what's his name, Rodney Baltimore doing the voice. Couldn't you tell? Oh, it was a what's your name? What's the deal? Tracy doing the voice? We have two open lines in broad. I thought that these were all going to be cross over people. I was so you for it. They're not for myself, but for our good close personal friend, suds and what's his name, too. I was so excited about it. And so far, we are, Oh, we're doing these calls. I want to hear cross over. I realized there were no billboards. And you can thank me by the way, guys. I'll take checks on any amount you want. You can thank me for getting that Tom Jiku does hate you guys like, like, poignant, especially Rick, even right now thinking about it in small little print. After this, you know, this is the amazing part of it. And you know, Tom has been very nice to me. And I like Tom personally. Don't misunderstand. This is business, not personal. But he's hated Rick Riley from the beginning. He doesn't like him. And I can understand there. Rick is, he's a tough guy to like. He's, you know, he's not a bad guy. He's just a hard guy to like. I can't really put my finger on it in order to want to. Maybe if that beard and mustache that kind of, that's, that's, she's not on his post. I don't know what it is about Rick. There's just something about his personality. That's does everybody likes us, right? Everybody, if you're a little who hated him like poison. But you're all hated everybody. What? Why did she hit son? Oh, who knows? You know, sure. Let's just hear a thing about being a jab. You know, she's got to have a problem with everybody. Underneath and all, who knows? So did she hate me too? No. Oh, I'll tell you who does hate you on the ear though, by the way, but isn't this great how we're getting into this now? Well, it's the new year. I'll give you one guess who hates you one year. And let me before you before you guess. This is a person who's opinion on everyone is not based on their ability, but based on whether they like him. Like Jeff DeFlorist, like George Rodriguez, like anybody else. In other words, if they like him and suck up to him, then they're great. If they don't like those awful hockey shows we used to do, that you had the audacity to talk about all the time about all the complaints we used to get, then all of a sudden you suck on the ear and the tapes were a lot better. And you got to get it. I forgot to tell you about that. You're a good friend, remember? I could have been that man. Because I heard, he know he told me he was listening when I was on the patient at last time and he heard those shows you did. They stopped. That's what he said. He said he'd rather hear the tapes and I said those tapes. That's what I said. We could have hockey shows. We could come in and do the show while you're on vacation. No. No. No. No. No. No. Are you sure? No. Are you sure? Yeah. But anyway, here's a whole long song that I'd answer about Reneri here, Tom Jika. And Reneri's not on the air. Reneri is looking non-factor. He's a, I like Mike. Mike's not a bad guy. Mike's, you know, Mike is what he is. Okay, we got that jacket. He's all fooled up in the corner there. He's like, uh, like in a ball, you know, like he's in the hibernation stage of life. But Mike's not a bad guy. We had a good time there for about 200 years. It was, uh, everything was going along well. And then they decided to screw it up because they're about to ask holes up there in Atlanta. And I wish Mike got all the best. I wish all the talent to best because like I told you on the one guy in the, and the world at the world that once this bullcraft started with five companies owning every goddamn radio station in the world, it was going to be horrendous for the audience and even worse for those of us who are stuck working in this business and some of us luckily not gone would luckily some of us just a few of us have been very lucky. Oh, God, you have no idea to somehow survive to get out of the wrong places at just the right time. That's, that's been the one thing I've done is get out of places just in the nick of time. Just in the nick of trigoni, I've gotten out. Thank you God for that. So then at the bottom of this long article that you can write about the Reneri, and you start up I say Neil Rogers jokes not with standing. The New Year's began the way the old Reneri for radio is Mike Reneri. A lot of possibilities but nothing solid. Rogers has teases audience several times in areas about things that by just a joke. It's just a joke. I mean anybody should know Mike Reneri ain't going to be on his radio station. Although, you know, huh? And then at the bottom of this lengthy column, he goes on about rick and suds back in a morning like it's kind of an act of thought because it's a top, Tom Hitch Rick. And he goes on there going to be on clear channel WYNZ, but the butt. And then he says that a dubious move Rick and suds have been competing essentially only with WXUM tank Goldberg once fired by the Send WID program director who let Reneri go meaning boy Gary. Now, that's not a shot back for that lawsuit is it Tom? For young males and after-doin drive. In the morning, which they did previously, but not remarkable success. They're up against now listen to this and Rick is right about this. Rick isn't right very often, but Rick Riley is right about this Tom. Jika, Tom, you little bald-handed bastard, you're a good guy, but listen carefully. And by the way, Rick, you're wrong about one other thing. Tom doesn't like WXUM because neither Rogers is on his station. Tom likes this station because all his gambling buddies are on his station. That's it's all before I came here, he loved this station. And he was doing fillings on this station like he still bought it. And Kaplan's Jeff DeForce, the Humper, those are all Tom's race track buddies over Kohlstream. And by the way, speaking to being wrong, they love he we knew us and the Lewis and the Luz. That's right. 31,000 people out there at Gostream. So go to Shoya, you like vanilla ice cream, you like you eat Lewis better you than me. But anyway, he says, fired by it for young males and afternoon drive. In the morning, which they previously did without remarkable success, they are up against WQAM, Howard Stern on big and about a half a dozen Howard Stern imitators. Now, and Rick will grow, you know, quoted that thing this morning. I'm driving the worthless thing is that we'll be every day. And he's right. Anybody else, like Kester Nova, is he a Howard imitator? No. Who else is on the boy? Why 100? Do they have anybody on that you cause a Howard imitator? No. Well, one of the, a hot 105, they got a Howard imitator on there. No. Give me a similar, a she or a plan. And whatever that is, there's somebody impersonating Howard on that piece of crap. No. So what is this man talking about? Bob and Tom, are they forget it? They're about 10 times better in Howard. You just can't hear him and they can grow it. But see, again, you're, like Rick said, you're by your Howard Stern, New York, by it and Howard's doing great. Howard's got big numbers. He's making millions of dollars. There's no denying that. But, you know, you get a little bit tired. Every time somebody is on the air doing anything, they're a Howard wannabe, which is a bunch of horsecraft. But at any rate Tom, okay, you're out Tom. 26, well, you know, like I said, it's not personal, it's business. I like Tom Jickie's been very good to me, but, you know, there's one thing. It's 20, 20, six after 10 at five, 60, WQA. And you know what about connection to the internet? The internet is like, no, actually, Rick had a great line this morning. I saw Rick, he said that Tom Jick is starting to look more and more like, Boca Broke in every day. Oh God, nice God, Rick. It's day. If I ever tell you, I'd fly, it's so WQA. I'm Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. When he makes it illegal, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But if they're guarding her vagina, she's all mine. All right. Well, he don't know where her stove is, I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human or dammit. And then I can saw the sun's teaser about means of her naked. She's a cause for poor people to go in blind. That means that he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on the practice of Joe. I looked up for him. He took a massive noodle, put an explode in, loaded for Monica with blow and ring the smoke. Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it illegal, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But if they're guarding her vagina, she's all mine. I like it. I like all people feel that Hillary's been made a pool of fire husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. Up in the linking bedroom, she walked morning, morning, how far would she and her with bills all gone. Bill's a cause in Monica's vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes it illegal, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind. But if the guard and her vagina, she's all mine. Oh, can't do anything. Yes, does not serve, is that true? Oh, yeah, does that. What you gotta do is take a sip of rhythm. And put in a crowd, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You're all pushed, yeah. You're all right, we're all right. Come on, you're all right. Come on, you're all right. Come on, you're all right. Come on, you're all right. Come on, you're all right. Come on, you're all right. You're all right. You're all right. You're all right. So I know you're all right. Here's another fact. It's not too long ago. You were commenting on the fact that some football players were doing something called the dirty bird. You said it was foolish and made the jacks look like niggers. You were sticking up for them, but they've been so brainwashed. They don't even be realizing it. They added to piss me off so much that from now on as far as I'm concerned, if black Americans and their ignorance want to continue putting on a minstrel show for the white man, then so be it. Oh, I gotta play that. What does that thing called? The minstrel pre-menstrual. Pre-menstrual. We gotta play that today. The only ones that are hurting are themselves. School them. Just love your life and be happy. That's what I'm doing. You're hilarious. You'll find Stephen with a name. There you go. Nice going. Like I said, they can call it whatever the hell they want. They can go stylin or it's a different culture. What it is is a bunch of niggeries bullcraft that just makes people laugh at them and makes people say, Oh my god, look at that. Look at that. Jive as nigger. I'm telling you, that's what people say. And you can be all by the way, pet summer all is on the acid again. That's a rough story. Man. Yesterday in the 49ers packers game, 100% very few people are perfect in life pet, but he blew every single call in that game. Even when the officials blew that call on the fumble by Jerry Rice, he got that wrong. They got it. They got it wrong. He got it right. In other words, no matter what was happening out there, he would tell the opposite. If it was intercepted, he would say it was incomplete. It was intercomplot. No matter what he did. And even poor fat John Madden was too concerned about the stone crabs that they kept Schuener. He was too worried about film as fat post to straighten pat out. Just unbelievable. Correnders job pet. Here's a lady in Kendall has been on there for about an hour and a half. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I forgot to listen to Neil. I mean to Rick and so on. Oh my god. I don't have a bun one person that had Rick and Spud this morning on the worst day. And I was going to. I'm stupid talk. I totally for Alice and tomorrow. Okay. And I called the thank you for the ticket. They sounded just like Rick and son. Thank you for the ticket. Yeah, for what ticket. The full-touch ticket. It's dolphin buffalo. That day. Yeah, by the way, to be a dolphin finita official to thank you. No, not yet. No, yes. Wow. That's good seeds. You know, you don't use them. I know that. They are good seeds. Yeah. Well, that's good to know. Just in case ever changed my mind. And the tune-ups that there was nobody there on the tune-ups didn't do. None of they are. No. Nobody was there on that. Oh, yes, I do know who those were. Those would probably be no more cancer. It's in. He just had an operation. So he wouldn't have. Okay, but anyway, I really wanted to thank you. What do you want? I'm glad you enjoyed it. And I'll listen to Rick and says tomorrow. All right. Okay, bye. I should have asked you. Because I hope she's not a first team. Well, sir. I'm not promoting another state. No, I'm not promoting anything. All I'm doing is saying that if you don't listen to the worst team, we don't want you listening to a stranger. You know, there's nothing worse than that. Huh? We want you listening to people we feel comfortable with like dirty old stocks. Rick and Spud. There are 940 on the. No, seriously. I don't want to be at least one person who sends a few listeners. There. I'd rather try to send listeners like when King came on, even as anxious of a excuse for a human being as I find him to be. Didn't I, you know, send some listeners his way? Oh, that's the station. I can't even, I don't even know the call letters of. Do I send some people over there? I don't know. Probably I'll gone now, but nevertheless. So that's what I try to do. There's no paranoia on this show. I don't want those people. It's just about, oh, gee, they might turn on another station. Because everybody turns on other stations. Unless there's something out of a moron. Like those voicemails we got. Well, I've been listening to them for 120 years. No, you've got that guy on. Oh, I guess what? If you don't like that show between 10 and 2, find something else to listen to between 10 and 2. Ready yet, go on and get it apart. Cheezy turnip, I don't know something. Find a life. These old funny, dirty bastards that sit there. We used to get that an IOD all the time too. Because that station been on the year for like 600 years. Well, I haven't been listening to this station since before. Bob Green was interested. I'm going to tell you right now. Yeah. Are there listening to it now? No. Is anybody listening to it now? No. Oh, are they getting ready to take that tower down? No. Boy, like I said, I think maybe the cops people. They must have known about that. You know what? I asked them inside the information on that. No, seriously. On the fact that they were going to give them a permit to build condos there and block off the towers. And whoever got sucked into owning that station would wind up with that. With nothing. I mean, if you got the tower sticking out there, the middle of theiscane bay and you surrounded by condos and the towers are the signals that are going to reach anybody. What's the point? You're going to have to shut the thing off the year, right, Rhana? Oh, geez, poor baby. She better go out on the street corner and start taking off petitions again. Right after we get the Delodos petitions for Tim Horton and Doug McLean, then we'll get Rhana out there on the corner and take it up more petitions to keep WIOD on here. Anybody interested? No. 21 before 11 at 5. By the way, were there any angloes? I hate to use that term. Were there any angloes at that bush fest that they had in Miami over the weekend? No. Did you see that on the news? No. They had 40 usalod thousand people out there. And I don't think there was one word of English spoken there. No. No. They were not completely single. She got up there that they showed her that clip for a few seconds. She was a sign in Bubanix, she was not that. It was there like one white angloes Saxon Protestant. There were Jewish or like non-Hispanic. No. No. So, right, Scott on there, Jeffster? Of course, he's got a Mexican wife, so what do you expect? No. No. I know someone like to do that. That's not what you're going to do. Big moths. That's skinny. The skinny is shit. I know. You're too sweet. You're too sweet. That heroin's thick. You've got to lay off the blow. Hit moths at skinny chick. We want to know what's the deal. The clothes that grab when you're in rehab. You're worse than Allie McVill. Yeah. Trying to do one lap or first thing? I didn't know. That's a short bit. It's real sure. It's about like that. He knows me. It's about the right time in necklace. I think they were diamonds anyway. Yeah. At the party, he pulled them out of his butt and gave him to him. He pulled them out of his back. They're like, wow. That's love. Yeah. That really is love. That's tough love. Well, hey, maybe she's in the analogue beads. Who knows? 1043 at 5. 6. He's got some big news boys and girls bigger than that ball. Headed Tom Jicker wrote in the paper. Bigger than Terry Jackson wrote about the demise of a whammy and a whole goddamn operation over there. This is unbelievable. Are you listening, buddy? Nevens. No. No. Our center one total here today is we've tabulated. We've checked it twice to make sure who's been naughty and nice. And they said it couldn't be done. We've broken we've smashed all the records on this make believe radio station. Thanks Sam and Chris by the way. And don't spit it all on one place for your help. Center one total. Are you ready for this? I think this deserves this deserves. There we go. We don't have that fan here for making sense. Oh, do have that. Better one total for 1998. 155,843 bucks. Oh, that is astonishing even I. Even an old fart like me is just ready to far right off the chair. From seeing that number. 155,843 dollars. And you know, if we wouldn't have run out of so much of part one, we'd have probably done 175. Easy. Unbelievable. And you know, the interesting thing you look on here and look it again. Two weeks in a row. Are we going to that can't be right. Can that possibly be right? I don't understand that. Or maybe that's a cumulative total. While whatever the hell it is, blatant beach in the bokeh did fantastic. They did stellar. Coconut grove did squat. In fact, they went in there and they took all the merchandise out of the grove. Store and put it in the other places where we were selling it and took it out to the QAM fan. So we could raise some money with it because the grove was doing the big. Nothing. Zippity do da. Maybe that's one of the reasons we never hear from anybody in the grove is because they're all to busy either do any other or are shooting each other across the railroad tracks. Or whatever is going on in the grove. We should not have to do with this show. But even in spite of that, even overcoming the obstacle of those assholes who live in the grove, we still did 156,000 give or take a few bucks one more together. Nice goal in the ill. Thank you. Okay, it's recorded a lot of it. We're still looking for our first people our person or anybody that heard Rick and said this morning to open lines and date 567560 and Pound 560 on a mobile one line. They had a couple of calls while I was listening in that 40 minute period. A couple of brief calls there. No, can't know. Yeah, they did. Okay, let's go to a hollywood. Hello. Nearly got your first one. Here's the Rick and said, let's do this one. Absolutely. All right. Rick and said to the best. If you could only do it. We'll all do it. Don't don't say that. That's so gratuitous. You don't really believe Rick and said to the best. Do you? Well, you're the best. No, I mean, forgetting about me. That's a given. I love Rick and says. I've lived in the river. I said, there's a better. Here. I love him. That's right. If you could only put Phil on it for you and he had to do it. That would have a good look. Jam and bug. Damn it. That would be the best. Yeah. Happy New Year, Neil. And thanks a lot. Okay. Rick and said they're both squeezing themselves. Maybe each other right now because they're you just call. That's good. That's a good time. I want to see everybody do well. I don't want to see the first team out on the street. Do I? I don't see that a bad guy and the default with the cornball lines. I don't know those two guys. I wish them nothing but the best as far as the other one. Oh boy. You know what I'm talking about? I just can't deal with it. I can't. I mean, this is the beginning of our second year. The first year I never said one word. Did I about that morning? I don't know. About guilty that I ever say anything. No. About the torpey sounding assucking voice. And that to. How about those panthers, by the way. Oh, and let's speak of that. Speaking of that. I've got a new topic for you. Boys and girls. It's called hockey babies. You think that those people with a fertility drugs are reproducing like rabbits. Nobody's reproducing like the people who are sitting in front of me at the panther games. They're spitting out babies like, I don't know what I think. I think because I know they heard my show last week. When I bitched about the fact that they keep holding little kids up in the air and they're talking all our friends and they are blocking my view. And I can't see the goddamn game. I know that because they told me they heard it and they tried to make like a joke out of it. Did it have any impact on them? No. They have their two little bradic kids. I think what they're doing now is they drive around the neighborhood. Hey, anybody want a lot of us to take your kids to the game? Yeah, they're bringing other people's kids to the game. I mean, she can't be spitting about that fast. No. There were like four kids. There's grandpa and grandma, mommy and daddy and others four kids. So keep this in mind. That makes eight last time I checked eight people in four seats. And since that because it gets kind of cumbersome. Now, grandpa, he starts sitting in other people's seats in the role of front of them. And then blocking off people's way and they try to get in. And of course, this all creates a situation where everybody is standing up in front of me. And blocking off the view while the game is going on, keep in mind. See now, grandpa, who I understand because I heard some stories on you people. Okay. I know the inside from your little group of people there. I know the story behind the story. Grandpa used to be one of those people back in the first couple of years at the old arena. He used to be very vocal and screaming people who get up or do anything while the game was on. He used to be one of those people with screen. I said, oh, you asked, hold the game. But once you got his grandchildren all of a sudden and they started slump and them along with the game, does grandpa pay any attention to the game at all? Maybe he wants to know why I'll hold you all. Hey, what do you call that? You know, and that's basically it. Because he's the busy bouncing baby up and down and holding the kids up in the year in front of my post. So you're out of the closet. Okay, grandpa. And I'm just here to tell you that what I think we're going to have to do is have a guy damn nursery in the arena in the macro arena. It's out of control too many people bring in their punky little kid and we just just drag them in. At that point nobody has been any attention to the game. The only thing they do is when they start slinging a t-shirt up in the crowd. The t-shirts, the yellow shots, then they start getting all excited and jump it up and down. But other than that, they're just an impediment to people who really want to enjoy the game all 200 or 300 of us who don't think Peter were all as a way player. Oh, yeah, that's another thing. Every time that big sparks your touches the puck. And they're crowded. I mean, you would think that they were given away $1,000 bills or falling from the sky. And it stops like that immediately because of course as soon as he touches it, somebody poke takes him and he loses the base on the gutter for like two seconds. Or else he makes it bad pass. Now the other teams go in the other way. So it's not enthusiasm in the last very long. But this crowd is so obsessed. I'm not sure. Let's take a poll today. That's our poll question. Who do you like better? Which one do you like better? The null ice cream, Peter Warrell, or Hughie Lewis, Nunes? Which one? No, seriously. That's a good poll question for this show. Which is your favorite among those three, okay? God are these people something. You can't complain about their taste because basically they haven't got any. But anyway, the baby factory must stop, okay? And we got to see a week from the Wednesday, January 13th, this the next home game. Guess who's going to be here on the 13th to play the Panthers? The Toronto Maple Leafs. Not listen. I take my hockey pretty seriously. But when the Maple leaves are here on Wednesday the 13th, I'm going to tell you right now if I should be that unfortunate that I have these particular people in front of me for that game. I'm going to tell you right now, you'll better have those kids on the ground, not on the floor. Or there's going to be some real problems that the not so okay range. I'm going to talk to the people that just have no consideration whatsoever. And like I've said before, if they show up like late, they leave early, they're running around for food, they're running back and forth. Are they paying any the slightest attention to the game? Why are they there? Please somebody, I am begging you. Tell me why are there there? Is anybody capable of doing that? No. Here's a mobile in the cool spring. Tell us. You show smoking this morning. Yes sir, I'm smoking it. Hey, I was smoking a good stuff. I listen to record census morning. Hey, hey, that was great evening. I had a real funny joke that I'm going to repeat that the sun rolls party tonight. Yeah, yeah, I just feel like duty. Yeah, yeah, you just terrific. And you know, the fact that they don't come on up north here till 730 in the morning is no problem. Well, I mean, they don't come on up north till 730. Yeah, they come up. Well, that's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. I heard them talking about that. It's an awful I&Z signal before sunrise and after sunrise. It's been 630. Right. Then we're going to get some time to clock and then we'll talk about it. And by that time, it's enough radio. Yeah, that time we need to do what goes smoking good. Absolutely. Okay. Congratulations. On whatever it is, huh? There's a guy that listen to the record said this morning. I can't help it if you don't like it. We have an open line in Broward 560 and Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. It's a great day for see those of us the survivors. We're going to survive. It's part of the Peter bulldozer in the world. It's part of the Bob Neals of the World. It's part of Buddybug. Packion. It's part of all of these people. Ronna and the Big Bad Wolf. We're going to survive. It's part of all of you people out there. We're still going to fumble our way along and eat out of God. Damn living. Okay. We're the God Damn Radio Survivors. There's the radio assassin and there's the radio survivors. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. How are you? Great. Happy New Year to you. Good to see you. I like you so very much. I don't just say listening around on the dial. And it's a big fight for like that. There's nothing going on. It's speaking. Yeah. Have you seen the writers to the other day. The crazy people in there again. And it's about spiritual mapping. And you don't burn our give out your address. Because these crazy people. They're saying bad prayers. Don't give out your address. That's right. They're good. Well, they didn't make any difference with the dress and out. They just do a long-distance, blue-doucheance. Unbelievable. Those people don't live in the real world. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen. Have a great New Year. $155,843 is a buddy never can congratulate us for that. No. And by the way, I give some of that myself. Did he care about that? No. I just extracted that from my listeners pocket. Unlike big, good, daddy. Wayne. See, I hate to break the news to buddy. But the entertainment that I give four hours a day on this show. It's free for the audience. I don't expect one penny from anybody out there to listen to the show. You're listening or you don't listen as much as little as you want. It's free. Does Wayne provide any entertainment for free? No. Does Wayne book an airbie die that he can out of the public in his town with his garbage business and his goddamn sports franchises? Yeah. Okay. There you go. You're a little prop buddy never and you're not fooling anybody. Okay. You're a little butt-sucking prop. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. This show is so great. You're so full with beer at the un-spoken. Congratulations on 180,000. It's a beautiful, you're a good boy. You're a good man. 420,000. The show is great. It's a great experience. 422. Okay, listen. Have another one. Call us in next year. Call us out. She's the Y2K problem, by the way. We have an open line in days. She's always into her. By this time, it's almost 11 o'clock. You know what I'm talking about? 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. Where we'd be going next. Don't forget we got the mad dog, man. It's coming up for a hank to the staff. No one to the six from the show list. And then it's six o'clock. Hey, listen to show you how sports intent to this guy. The demonstration is we got this the festival of 820 tonight. FSU and Tennessee. However, we have a 2 hour and 20 minute pre-game show for a college ball game. All right. How do you like that? Can you imagine how many spots they're going to squeeze in those 2 hours and 20 minutes? Or is that going to be something, huh? Here's higher. Hello. Leo. Yes sir. This is a chronicle over here. As far as Rick is as far as Rick is as close as the clock. Yes. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in day. 560 and pun. I mean, if you don't like Rick and so that's okay. But in his case, it's not okay. Is it? No. No. What was that? No. Thank you for the added little impetus. 560 and 050. You have no credibility. You're chronic. Nobody wants to talk to you. You're from Hollywood. You're like a lost out there in space. You're one of those people. Even Dicky Farcle wouldn't talk to you. That even Watson. Even a babbling one and they have to know nobody wouldn't talk to you. That's how difficult you are for attention. So get lost. Start picking on my good personal buddies. Rick and so it's really frost my answer a little bit. Oh, seriously. I'm euphoric over the fact that now it's been a year, a year and now one day into the new year. And I finally after one year of discovered something I can listen to that I can pick up on my video on the way to work in the morning. I mean, you can only hear the back street boys who out make come out until later on this month. You can only hear the same six songs the first five million times. And that's even a start getting a little bit old. Just like Nick's starting to get a little bit on the chunky side. Oh, speaking of chunky side. How is what does name do in today? Reggie. Of course you wouldn't know about that. Yeah, how's Reggie doing with this gamble soup? They've been losing yesterday. You're going to see him anytime soon? No. He's a good guy. Like I'm going to say this morning. I was actually watching I'm going to be a good mood. He doesn't look a day over 200, you know? And it's interesting, but the good lines on that show, he never comes up with a good line. The sports guy had some good lines this morning. He was funny. And I'm going to just sit there and just repeat the obvious. I'm all who's playing the line. And I'm going to say, and then I'm flar the team line. He in fact, I'm really sure to be in trouble. He doesn't even move his lips. Well, he speaks. Have you noticed that? I don't think he's got the energy to move his lips. He just sits there kind of a lot of times to relax with that leather jacket on me. Who'd learn again before? Who'd learn again before? Who'd learn when? And they love him, man. They love him. He's a cult of happening in New York. What was that? Did you hear that? What did that you? Poppin? I didn't. I wasn't saying anything. How can you pop without saying anything? I thought I was in the drug and lady. Oh, that was the drug and lady again? Is there that sound again? Hey, you've just taken a lot of pictures. The kids are putting their presence, the family gathering for dinner. Maybe even want to set this, making into the chimney right after enough of those top toddies. These are precious memories you want to cherish forever. So why would even think about taking them to the film to a drug store or supermarket? You have to be nuts. Don't you memory deserve the best from developing in town? Yeah. Don't you memory deserve wolf camera? Yeah. And wolf camera your photography is their only business. Wolf's photo lab associates are highly trained to ensure that your pictures are the best they can be. Lots of places use cool-back paper, but a wolf they use cool-back royal paper. The best photographic paper that money can buy. And it's not available at most drug stores or supermarkets. And since every wolf stores got their own one hour lab, your film never even leaves the store. Who knows where the drug stores and supermarkets can take your film off to be developed. Got only those need in his wondering. So for all your holiday memories, in fact, for all your memories, all the time, take your film or I take mine to the photo experts in wolf camera. Have a wonderful new year from everybody in Wolf. The photo experts in South Florida. In fact, the rest continues. It's always free. The location you're with by you, column pull free. It's one AAA 644 Wolf. Where do you find Jim Manbij? Right where do you got it? It's sports radio 560 QAF. The Neil Roger show. Now on 560 WQAF, Miami Fort Lauderdale. Neil Roger's got. Are you ready for the hottest on the edge toilet tissue to ever hit your ass? Did you're ready for XPP? Extreme toilet paper. This ain't your typical suit fly. It's heavy duty to handle the heaviest duty you can throw at it. We're talking supercharged turbofly corrugated cardboard with an attitude. We're talking to the enterprise. First of all, you're aiming at the pilot going on. We're talking over the top and up your blood. Can you handle it? XPP? It's not just tissue. It's an utterly gnarly rad, two-gitter way to take care of business. That'll lead you gripping the edge of your toilet seat. Extreme toilet paper. When you want to do more than just like you want to wipe out. It's 11 o'clock at 560 WQAF happy new year, too. First show of the new year. Now, whatever happened about the good Christian lady. Remember she told me that I was going to be off by the end of the year. She must have been talking about the TV show. There you go. Maybe that's maybe she was psychic. Terry Jackson writes in the uncleous Miami-Herald shows Shift, Roger's departs as Miami goes to evenings. The new schedule begins today and the most noticeable absence is Neil Atnide, a video version of Shock Radio host Neil Rogers Midday Call and Program on WQAF-6AAM. The TV program has been canceled after a contentious run in which Rogers publicly heat score on the station for a tannig of a show. It was severely sold by the way. I mean, the show was in that whole station has been in reruns for like two months. Have we heard one word from any of those good friends of ours over there in that two months? No. After fact, Jo Kemen for a female at one day. No, that's it. That was the beginning and all that. Our good, close personal friend Rob Kaplan did he ever even bother calling us to tell us or by the way, January 4th today they're pulling the show off. No. You know, that's how that whole deal went. They're out there, you know, making a living out of the stand that. I mean, talk about bush league. That station fits in this town just like a proctorologist, Robert Fanger, fits in your record. Just perfect man. It's a perfect fit. When he fits in here, it's ideal for this town. It's bush league as it gets. You can't buy the better bush than that. Except those 43,000 people downtown who were like, Yellow Bullish, Bullish all weekend long because they were getting free booze or whatever they're getting over there. Man. I mean, all you needed is where's the front page? Here it is. The answer for Jeff Bush. And you look at that picture on a front page. Is there one person in there who is not a banana bull person? No. No. Everything up here's what is what? Here's the girl taking a picture photo opportunity. RS Lies, R on TV. What kind of a name is that? R in TV? Well, just George has killed another aunt. All right. So if that if the exterminators listening, thanks for the free job, but not to go to the job of a nice. Well, it's beginning to exterminate us, by the way. How's your good friends? And I am just a little fellow off the earth. Huh? I think he's back with Costa Rica. Maybe you went back to Costa Rica for some of those young girls. Too much comedy with those young girls in Ramsan Phil. Maybe you ran off at the long guy. Well, I can't get through my call. Who's Scott? Yeah. Scott did a nice job. And my, by my place, planted those pansies, whatever those damn things are. He's got takes care of me. You're still come, you know, down the road. I can about the end of May when it starts getting 90 out there and whatever he plant dies right away. That's what he'll come by and give you an offer you can't refuse. So the way me thing is over thank God, man. Maybe now I can go to publics without being a cost to buy all these people out there. Oh, no, we want to show it. Yeah, great. I don't, I don't do a TV show. I do already or show. This is where all my money comes from. Okay. We don't care about that goddamn stupid TV show. No. And it awful got forsaken thing. And then the best part was that we're running reruns for months. And I was talking about stuff that happened ages ago. I mean, talk about even more outdated than those best stuff. So I'm going to talk about the things we used to play on my vacation to Toronto radio. And I like I come at the hockey game one night and the usher system. Oh, you're going to be able to leave it time to get back to the show. Meaning to get back to like he thinks I said no, those are on tape. Oh, oh. They're on tape. You know what I'm talking about. How Joe to measure just in his 50s consecutive game or something like that. Step that's a little bit dated. Oh, that's a tape. I didn't know that. See, the two busy watching the Yarmaker. Because it's on television. They don't have any idea what I'm talking about, which is the problem. Martin beginning. All those great visuals that were put in there. It was a real real success. Here's a sunrise. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Happy Monday. I just wanted to start by saying happy new year and congratulations on your anniversary from last week. Thank you. And I listen to my friends Rick and said they're this morning. I'm going to start looking. Yeah. You sound a bummed out about it though. You're not sound too excited. Well, you're turning on, you know, I got the stalk report and anything. Oh, I don't know. Somebody please tell Rick they care about the flea market, not the stock market. You know, the media, you know, everybody was just gone to hell. You know, it was great. You know, when Rick and Sirs and you and Bill Henry wrong. Yeah, but wait a second. Yeah. Yeah, right. And it's not that often. Last week also got to listen to Brooke. Oh, and I wonder, I knew there had to be a reason that you sounded silly press. She isn't often make any self-respecting human being commit to Harry Carrier immediately. Well, about the only job I have for her is, in fact, every time I see Brooke, I think, holy cow. But anyway. Brooke, keep away from the microphone. You big MF. Right. Well, sir, thank you, sir. There you go. They hate Brooke Daniels like poison. She's a real jetty of not just New York, uh, sounding thing in the, she's a broad. Yeah, that's right, Pete. You've got a real eye for talent, Mr. Bolger. You wouldn't spot a talent if they spotted your welcome man. She's a broad. Yeah, he ran into a word in Tauking to want to job. Okay. Well, isn't that what they sell a Tauking them? Retrid. Oh, that's bad. That was really bad. It's hard to get a sponsor on this station. Well, if not, then we have an open line at Broward 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's not as good as a good shot at the queer channel people. Talking about some of the talent or no talents that they put on the air and back and forth and on and off like Greg. Oh, like church. He's gone. Who else do they can? My church got can. Oh, and Kevin Courtney got can. Remember that time they put them on the weekends that I would even start a gratuitously ripping me. See, that's one thing that people when they put them on for the first time in this market, whether they're from in town or out of town. They feel that either they will copy me and suck my ass on the air or they'll rip me in ass. But somehow if they're active centered around Neil, that's somehow they'll let succeed. Does it ever work? No. It doesn't have your own act. Like still Henry came in yet his own act. It had nothing to do with me and miraculously everybody loved still Henry. Here's Miami. Hello. Happy New Year. Happy New Year, sir. That's that's on the menu. Lost their turn and more. That's what it says. Look Daniel's a steal and everybody's dropped. Yeah. Rich. Rich. You know about the fact he stole a fanfare. Next, he's going to be stealing a little drop into theirs. But she's steal. You heard she's stealing your note. You've been no Cuban. I don't have a Cuban one. I got Larry King. No. That one. She's stealing. Larry King. I'll see the stuff is still not a computer over there. So she's so shameless. She's still using our stuff over there. No. That would be like my using Rick and said. You know, he laughed. You know, shameless. Broke you crazy bitch. Rick was complaining. I just wanted to know. Now you listen this morning. I listen. I listen. All right. And no, it's there were little slow. I think there's a lot of the gates. But I think I'll be fine. How much got 20 minute commercial breaks. Right. Well, there's plenty to add. Exactly. I mean, even if you only listen to commercial breaks, that's 18 or 20 minutes. They can pick up every half hour. That's okay. And have any great one. What have you said? Yeah, they're a little slow. And of course, I think they're also in shock with the fact they almost lost their job. And Rick had to go in there and beg do. I'll be put on the morning. Get what you know. They don't like it. And up in the mornings. But you know, it's a survival thing. You got to survive. You got to eat. You got to feed your family. Okay. That's what it's all about. And Reniria's absolutely right. He says a couple of of where the hell is that line? And there are a couple of people all all the stations. They can put you out of business. And he can. They want is what Reniria says along with. Hugo. That's what he says. And you're right. Why not target, Mikey. That's what they dumped on the whole station and they wound up dumping on themselves. They took a big dump right in their own pants. The corporate pants took a gigantic crap is what they did. And at the same time, you know, left a little out there for the whole audience to enjoy too. You could smell the aroma. I didn't do was roll up your window on that day. And you could smell the aroma. Especially the way they did it. Bob Green calls me in there this morning. On that morning was a Friday morning. I'll never forget as long as I live. Well, as decided to make a change, we're going to let Mike go. You know, calls me in the course I can't say anything. And I go in there and I watch the end of the Reniria show. And he gets up and gets his bottle and his thermos and skulls out of there. And just as he's leaving it, oh, well, Bob Green would like to see, okay. And that's it. They give him the news. They're going to pay him off for the next year and a half. Or what? In fact, you remember he had just signed. He had just signed a new deal for another year or something like that. To show you what geniuses they are over there. And they wonder why they couldn't make any money with that station. They just signed him into a new deal like two months before. Well, well, we're going to pay you off. Michael, home and go play golf and go fishing ahead of the time. And I saw him sculk out of there. I could see him walk down the hallway through the glass window. There I could see him sculk out of that building that, you know, look on his post. Like what the hell did I just do? Did I do a real bad smelly one or something? And did they even let him come and say goodbye to the audience? No. After, after 17 years doing mornings on that radio station, 17 years of today in history and the Almanac and Uga Booga and the birthday list. Did they let him say goodbye to the audience? No. That's the way this business usually works, okay? You come in, you get up four in a morning and take a hit out of your vodka bottle. And you go in there and try to do the best goddamn job you can. And is there any gratitude at all? No. Don't even let him say goodbye. And of course, I'm sitting there holding the bag like, you know, what do I do now? Squeeze the old bag. Oh, by the way, squeezing the bags, speaking of that. What did I do with that story about the gay gourmet? Here it is. The price tag for settling sexual abuse charges against Jeff Smith, Public Television's fruity, a frugal gourmet, was more than five million dollars according to court documents. I'd like that. Five big ones. Oh my God. That's what he said he had five big ones. The terms of the settlement was were not disclosed at the time it was reached in July. Were confirmed by Edwin Skull, Smith's attorney according to the or or or a go-in newspaper in Portland. Smith agreed to the settlement just before a civil trial was to begin in July and which seven men accused Smith of sexually molesting them, most of the men were teenage employees from the 1973-1981. The settlement included no apology or admission of wrongdoing from Smith. The one who's five million bucks involved, I'm sure they all said, we'll take the money. Thank you and the apology can wait. It's all right, I am not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. I'm not a Nazi. Oh, here's our thing, man, you did a charge with me in my life. Yeah, we all look and rep to save and hate the cave and cheese the same. And fear the things that we don't understand. All men, the race that makes them look like us. Well, your face could stop the fun. So I think we all should give our big attention. All right, man, nine, six, we'll be in swing and beat the dance like a rock making. We'll jump and move just keep the wide. And let them fall straight to the flat and near your face. Then hopeless no more force for him to cry. I'll be lean when right. And need a chance. We find a portion plan and then we'll let those go. Where you fuck back, why? And from rich energy. Forced forced. You're still a tall, friendly, poor, arrived. I've been thinking that five, 50s, you can feel a dance. So great reason stuff is that we're doing tells me in a astonishing piece of radio news. Clear channel broadcasting the same ones that are screwed up by IOD and INZ. You name it. They've owned what? 600 stations in this market loan and then Palm Beach, kind of. They got an FM up there in Palm Beach County. I don't know which one this. They are a simultaneous thing. Gloves 94 on that station. Oh my God. See what I'm talking about? So God damn cheap. And they don't care about ratings. All they care about is that they own 48,000 stations in a market. That if they have like a, you know, a 0.5 on each one of them, it adds up to something and they have enough fuel that they can sell. You know. And they can make big and squeeze some money. In other words, do it as cheaply as possible. Squeeze some money out, which is basically why you got a lot of money. It's basically why you got almost all syndicated programming on there. The only live show is left on stupid talk in this market is Rick and put in the morning there. And then then he afternoon was said that should even count. So like I said, they're the only real live show on it. And everything else is syndicated. They got time to like us on there and that bitch Dr. Laura and Fanny. So went out with the knickers and the high button shoes. Nice job over there, Juan. And I realize she's got to keep her job to, you know, she and my got to pay for the motorcycle and all the other good crap. But I mean, Jesus Christ, what kind of a horror industry is this? We were always prostitutes before, but now we're getting right in the same league. There is a Kevin Brown. We don't have a goddamn red light flashing out in front there. Not just the red light that says, you know, we're on the air. Rob on this is a horror house business is what it is. Who said that was not his name Nelson said that in the network. He doesn't fancy himself as president of the horror house network. Sit on Nelson your rather than your outrage. I'll be duly noted that tomorrow is whatever known. Remember that? When you were having lunch there with that fancy schmante hotel, which I'm sure they couldn't afford to bill. And you be yes. What is he talking about? Here's a mobile and cool facility. Hello. Good morning. You're all right. Great. Happy New Year. And the same to you sir. Hey, on your full question. I'll take you. We lose on your full question. Okay. You must have been a big success over there. I'm 31. Yeah. People, they were packing them this weekend. I couldn't believe when I loved looking at paper. Shocked. A lot of me. Yeah, man. These are well. I'm not telling you the people just don't understand. This guy can't skate. He can't handle the pot. You can't shoot. I don't know. I don't understand why they got him up. They're when they get somebody else up. They can contribute. On paper this morning says we're interested in pop. I'll worry, but we might have to give up Robby. Need a brain injury. But I'll see. I say, if there's any chance. I say put them both on a bus immediately and get number 10 down here. Like right away. Absolutely. We got Ty Domea. At least he can hit. He can shoot. He can never get on the bus. 11 or 12 points. He's there for goal 7 assists. He's a real hockey player. He's not just a goal net goes out there. That can't skate. Right. Absolutely. As far as the kids, I was looking at your section. Friday. New years. And I see that big family there. I say, I don't think they should be allowing these kids in the sea with their parents. They've got four seats. And they have eight people. Eight human beings sitting in four seats. What kind of crap is that? And they're holding the babies up in the air and posse me around with them and in and out to take them to the toilet. Whatever they do. I'm going to tell you something. These people, this family, mommy and daddy and grandma and grandpa and they're 25 little kids that they got. They have destroyed whatever enjoyment I might have of hockey at the in the macarina. I agree. I can overlook the escalator being broken again. I can overlook the fact you can never see the red light come on it from where we sit on the two twice. I mean, I don't like those things, but I can live with it. But I can't live with having inconsiderate people standing up in front of me and holding up little kids and knowing that I pissed off about. And they stole my care. Because they're used to their stupid. They don't know enough of the game. I think they didn't give a little fraternity group for theirs with people that are just there to socialize and smooth. And if you might happen to be interested in the game, well, that's your problem, Mr. I'm not renewing my tickets unless they get by the back wall because I got a kid that kicked me in the back to head. Isn't that great? I love it. And before the Carolina Games, somebody came over to me and was carrying a little kid and they called me and came over to me and was carrying on. I mean psychotically about how horrible because he lives in Palm Beach County in Boca, I guess. And how impossible it is to get out of there with a parking situation after the game. I must say, have preferred parking, which I think that I do. He said, it's he asked to leave every game early no matter what the score is, not because he wants to leave it because getting out and getting on the sodrest is virtually impossible. Well, we figured, although we bite that all the idiots that are telling us where to park and we go all the way over to the right when we come to sunrise. Right there and how we go. Good for you. Perfect. Okay. On the 13th goalie. Okay. See you around. I mean, Sperson changed Mr. We have an open line at Broward. 560, 560, Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless one. Everything that mixed Lewis said before he left here today was right. By the way, do you think I was a little tough on Mitch? Oh, seriously, he's a good guy. We like Mitch Lewis. Don't waste. Yes. But he blew up like a guy then somebody stuck up bicycle pump and he wrecked him. He got on the scale here. He was 272. Now, grant you he's six one or whatever. He'll let it. But 272. And when your face starts getting fat and you shaved all your hair off to like extension weight to fatness, he used to be very spelt. Yeah, he was never. I mean, he, you know, like all of us, he said is up and down. But he was never like a tub. And now he's getting to be a tub and you worry about guys getting into middle age. We start getting to be tubby, especially Jews like Mitch Lewis. Oh, our numbers are dwindling rapidly because all the Jews are marring Graham. We can't afford that. We have another Jew take another hit. You know what I'm saying? Oh, we just took another hit. Okay, let's go to sunrise. Hello. Good morning and happy new year. Hey. Back to you, sir. You're on. I did listen to Rick and says. I hear some of the Rick and said listen to come out of the woodwork. Well, you know what? They're only coming out of sunrise though. It seems. It's probably the only place they can pick them up in brown. Well, you know, what they're laughing the first thing in the morning. I mean, it's terrible. And then when they switch the power. Oh, you're talking about the power. I thought you meant to show the way you said that. And you know what you write? They are starting out slow. They usually do a switch time slots. Yeah. And well, don't forget just the culture shock of getting up for the first time in years at three o'clock in the morning, whatever that thing. I mean, that's believed me. I did that year on Zayda in the morning. I would never do it again under any circumstances. I've done it myself. It's ridiculous. And also, I've noticed the last, I guess about four months. Have you noticed that suds have started to chime in more? Oh, thank you. I got an interactive part in the show. I did hear a few funny lines. Rick had one or two, but most of the stuff that I thought of using was suds is usually. He doesn't say much, but when he does say something, it's usually a somewhat amusing. And he says a lot more lately than he has in the past. Well, he's going to have to because they have no help in there. I mean, I really believe the show how naive I am and knowing how cheap clear channels I really thought that when Rick made that deal to go to the mornings again that he wouldn't go in there naked. You know, just him and sides in Adam with nothing. And then I noticed they got that broad, that traffic service and she, the spot break and she come super top super top. She must have tried the six times to like figure out when it were like rejoining. I mean, talk about embarrassing. And then she talks about the guy that drove through Wayne Arnold's on the corner of 441. Did you notice that? How come they didn't pick up on that? That it was Wayne Arnold's. The only role cast left in the world. Right. I don't know. We didn't even know Wayne had a drive through. We needed it until this morning. My phone. I think half of it is Rick sick today. Oh, he's got a cold. Well, everybody is sick. I still got this thing where I'm a, I don't have a temperature. But my ears and my head feel like warm. You know what I'm talking about? Yes, I feel hot, but I don't have any temperature. So I'm going to go to the doctor. They just for the hell of it. Even though I know he's going to tell me what he wasted your time. You're poor. But everybody has got it. I feel like crap. My sister has gone through four courses of antibiotics. And she's still got it. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah, I feel like garbage. Nobody had to like a little busy and headachey and just, you know, I had that feeling of a little nausea. And this wasn't being heard. It's okay. That's right. Okay, Paul. All right. Take care. Everything. Okay. But we got Rick and subs came back at night and radio again in this market. Oh, that was did it. Is that what did it? No. How about that whammy thing, huh? At least Terry Jackson. I'll say this much for you. Terry over there. And I think it's for you. I'd be a couple of times. And I think there's a lot of people who didn't get in there. And in that direction, like that knee. And then he knew what would happen to the knee. And he thought he'd put anything into that show, what's today they do. No. 560560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. First call of year from Fort Myers. Happy New Year. I'll tell you what I'm calling. I've got a very bad predicament here. I've got some friends from Buffalo. They came here to see the football game. and they can't fly back to Buffalo right now because they're snowed in. So they're still stuck here. Yeah. So what are those views? What is a Buffalo Bell? Well, what I was wondering was and you were starting to read my mind, could you play that song for them since they're stuck here? The Buffalo Bill guys sing into the Doppers. Welcome to Buffalo has a football team. The greatest in the land. Everybody thinks that is a big, good day, Bailey. The Buffalo Bill's not a number. What do you mean? So just sing a little. When you sing my amin' when you say Buffalo. And here's that Buffalo Bell's Buffalo Bell. Okay. The greatest team in the history of human race, data, Buffalo Bell's. The greatest team in same slice, bread and can't be here. Yeah, there you go. And you jazz up that redneck stuff, delicious and adventure. Holy sweet God, listen to that. When you say Buffalo Bill's, it don't sound so redneck, he do it. Everybody sing along now. How you bill fan? Here we go. Well, above the low bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a lot of times, which is more than I can say, but it's come fucking crazy and they're a degraded. Like they really like that uniform. They sure is hell, be the heck out of having a fish on the helmet, because they're not Buffalo Hall bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life, they are the Buffalo Bill. The Buffalo Bill's, the whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. The Buffalo Bill's, they're the Buffalo Bill's. And they've been around, longer than they're stinking, rotten fish. Well, they're the Buffalo Bill's, Buffalo Bill's. What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish? I'll pay thanks to the late Christmas person. They're all the officials. By the way, South Florida, thanks you profusely. And then, of course, the officials blew it in the 49er game yesterday. Jerry Rice with a Fumble on it. So Fumble, we didn't see it. And they'll replay. But I'll tell you one thing. You were sure and I see, and I was, uh, Reggie White and the Packers take it right up the old. Back home, they probably got a lot of practice there. You don't think that's Steve Young is one of those, uh, doing good. Oh, God. Reggie said, let me out of San Francisco right away. Two many Faggot out here. Let me out here. Two many changes and two many Faggot out here. Twenty seven after 11. I'm seeing I'm going to sneeze. Okay. I got this. Uh, you got it. Whatever it is. Oh, I'm going to sneeze. I feel like fluy. I feel, uh, achy, breaky. Frank O's. He hit away from the fall, mother. Viagra. It's Viagra. When my winter goes, lamp is Viagra. Small ones, tiny ones that brings it back to life. It's the best present. I can get my sweety wife Viagra. It's Viagra. What's work? The pale dance out of sign. Come on, guys. Yeah, it's Viagra. Yeah, makes my winter stand on it. It's Viagra. Take it away, guys. Are you a pale, want-to grow? You should see my splash. Sex all night long. They got even gonna rash. Hopefully, I'm home with a. I'm 31 at 5. 60 WCM. So the good news in Wayne Arnold is that even though that Jack Astrophys car through the right through the middle of the restaurant or what is something like that, because I heard that thing this morning about how it came to rest in a perpendicular fashion in the car too. But it's quite of that they got it all cleaned up. They are open for business. Who got their needy burgers and Wayne Arnold's real castle burgers and all the good stuff. So there you go. That's a good news. And no, what do you say no, gas escape? Is that it? Well, when a car comes bust in like right through the middle of your establishment, you have to be worried about the pollution too much gas. So go on down the way, and I don't say, oh, thank God, you're still here. Thank God, we still got one royal castle once you're back to the old golden golden golden golden days. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. I'm Neil. How are you doing? I got to tell you, my wife was injured and we had to sit in the handicaps. He said the pants are game for the washing cacaps. Yeah. So we were kind of right behind you. And I was amazed. I'll polite you. We're sitting there with those people jumping up and talking to people in front of you. And I just went, I can't believe Neil Rodgers is not saying something. Well, I mean, we're almost to the middle of the season. I think I've been pretty damn nice about it up until now. But you finally reach a saturation point where even when when you know that they've heard you talking about it and you're trying to make some of it. The joke is off. It's not a joke anymore. The time has come for these people. You did a get the hell out of there and go hang out in the hallway or somewhere or hang out on a bus stop and stop, you know, impeding the enjoyment of whatever's going on out there. Even if it's not that enjoyable. Well, I just, I heard you've just bought it. Talk is first of my heard you mentioned it. I just had the last because when I saw them in front of you, I couldn't believe you were going to. So they're performance of the Carolina game. I keep looking around for their hidden camera. I keep waiting for Alan fun to go morning out of the stand and say, hey, Neil, let's just a joke here. I'm kidding, I can't have camera because nobody could intentionally be that stupid and that inconsiderate to keep holding kids up in the air and waving them around like they're like props. I feel sorry for these little kids. They're shaking them around like props in the air. I can't believe yourself control. You sat there at that the capital game and didn't say a word to. Yeah. Well, that's that's what I like I said, especially with the opponent when my Leafs come in here a week from Wednesday. All they got to do is is one bad fart and it's going to be all over. I call the usher and have Maltzron out. All 45 of them. Good, good for you. I have a happy new year. And back to you. Yeah. I mean, it comes enough point where enough is enough. And I understand that I'm in a small minority there that most of you who show up in that joy and the places pack game after again. Most of the people are there to smooth into a show how done they are about to game fine. That's okay. But just let me enjoy whatever I'm there to see, which is usually the game. I mean, I might look around see some other stuff too, but that's beside the point. Let me enjoy that too. Don't want so fast. We have an open line in date. 5670560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless lines. So everybody's got this. I think it's something. It's going around. Maybe cash rose is possible for you. Think so. Yeah. I think he unleashed some kind of crutch spread the word over there and run you among B. Okay. That cash drill has unleashed some kind of a biological attack on all of South Florida and they'll be running around going like that. Because you know how much it takes a lot to get those people hysterical as old a domino park human takes a lot to get them worked up to a frenzy. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hello there. Yes sir. I'll be near. And back to you. I feel bad for you as far as the children go. We cannot go to a restaurant. You can't do anything in this town anymore without people on a Saturday night or it doesn't matter what day it is or what time is. You can't go anywhere without people screaming kids. How about if we chat? Do we? You know, all the toss in a few bucks for a baby citizen sound good. Well yeah, we didn't take our door to our house until she was two and a half and well and of course had to be well. We had to sit as we didn't go out. We can go out 10 o'clock a night or Saturday night. The kids are running through the restaurants. We want to 20 elegant plates on the east side of town for our anniversary. Yeah. There were two kids that were crawling on the table. The plates. Nice. Very fancy hotel. They couldn't turn them away. But they gave them a booth like in the front of this restaurant. And it's our anniversary and it's just we roll our eyes and then I hear you story with the macarina there. And it's just horrible. And then I'm really keeping mind that up until last Wednesday the Carolina, these people had brought two of their kids. Not enough these are all their kids. I find it hard to believe. I don't know now all of a sudden the two is multiplied. It's become four kids and of course these kids they don't pay for next receipt. So they're sitting on mommy's lap, daddy's lap, grandma's lap and grandpa's lap. So you got eight people in four seats and even though the kids are relatively well behaved, you know, when they're there for three and a half hours, little kids get fidgeted, even adults get fidgety. And you know, they're squirming around and they're holding them up in the air. It's like holding up a sign in front of your face that says, we aren't going to let you watch the goddamn game. I'm going to leave a little. I just pay and think money for that. You can't enjoy the game. I'm not. I think I'd say, I mean, the station gets me my tickets. But somebody's paying big bucks for it. And you know, regardless of who's paying for it, I make the effort to go over there to drive all the way to and a half minutes from my house to drive over there because I want to see the game. And we're in our late 40s or kids 20 now, because it's just kidding me more. We want to live in the place that doesn't allow children. Yeah, I'm getting old enough that I finally started identifying with those people. They want bread. Somebody also is ready a little kids. But you do realize that you have hypocrisy that goes on. It's just like grandma and grandpa that used to scream before people would get up and walk their view. But now that it's their grandchildren, they're spelling. See, they're holding them up in their reo. Then it's okay. It's like the people in the condos that don't want any kids living in there. But when it comes that time of the year in the summertime every year and they're little, bright, grandkids coming here, then it's a real wonderful thing. Oh, yeah. Well, what if you have a lot of it? Right. That's right. One last thing, you've been playing the Buffalo Bill thing. And you inspired me to read see the movie, uh, balance of the lambs. We just wanted to go. What really I think one of the all-time great movies. It bucks the lotion in the basket. I almost fell off. I never, I didn't remember that when you see it again, you will what your pants. You do need to do Nelson in the pen. Oh, it makes the pit that much better. Everybody ought to re-see the movie. Great. Have a happy new year. Back to you. Okay. There we go. There's another guy who's sick and tired of you. People with your punk, your little kids. Okay. Everybody in, oh, to appoint most people are going to reproduce. They're going to have their little kids. You don't take your little kids and use them as props and weapons to piss off other people who are spending their money or somebody else's money to try to get a great meal or watch a ballgame or some kind or whatever the hell it is that they're doing. I say there ought to be a goddamn law is what there ought to be. Kids under five out. Unless you go, you know, they do the thing with smokers and non-spokers. You got to have a special smoking section. How about a special section for people with ready little kids? So I kind of plain. You go to Europe. You spend thousands of dollars to buy a business class or first class ticket and here's some asshole over there sitting across the aisle. It's got a little kid sitting in there in first class. What you can handle it if you're just flying up north for a couple hours. But you're on a guy in eight and a half hour intercontinental flight. And here's somebody over there sitting in, you know, up front and then and I don't know how that works either. Do they have to pay full fear for ready little kid and I'm not even what age. Yeah, so how about if it? Well, of course, obviously the younger it is usually the more annoying it's going to be because little babies I hate to break the news to you. They cry. Oh my god. I know that's a great revelation to many of you little babies cry. And they in their pants. Like that one little kid. I told you the story. I'm trying to think where we were coming back from. Maybe it was Toronto that one weekend a month or so ago. And we're coming back and the, oh no, I guess it was coming back from Vegas. And the little kid there and he wasn't a little tiny kid. He was like seven or eight years old. I don't know. I don't know. But it was a little kid. He goes up there to take us in the first class dumpster. Okay. That's fine. Everybody's got to do it a little later. But the problem is he doesn't close the door when he comes out. And evidently he didn't you know, little button you're supposed to push inside. They're like, you know, you know, you're all I'm talking about that just, where is that damn thing? So I've talked everything out of there. I mean, like, would tremendous suction thank God. Like an enormous vacuum piece. I mean, everything just gets fucked out of it. Good. But evidently he didn't depress the little button. And he also didn't close the door. And we're sitting there all of a sudden everybody's to get like nauseous. Like, oh my God. What is that? And John says that kid didn't close the door. And John runs up there and slams it or shut down all of a sudden. Oh my God. Now we can breathe. What am I higher? See, it's not the kids fault. It's the parents. Let me say it again. Everybody is a kid at some time. Okay. Most most people are kids sometimes. Not all just most. But it's the guy named parents fault that perpetuate this kind of crap and let their kids just run rampant. Like they do in the goddamn supermarket or like this guy's talk about an arrest run. And this is America where everybody breeds everybody breeds. I say, let me see it again. Two words, not just the NH. There's three words. We got two more words for 1999. Before we get to the big armageddon next year. First sterilization. Oh, then we went ahead and this, you know, the people with the octoplets and the nine toplets and the ten toplets and the 12 toplets. Because they're taken too many tablets. It's 1141 at 5.50 WDQAM. Yeah, and video stores everywhere. From the people who brought you the Google gourmet cooks with wine. Yes, the Google gourmet cooks with wine. Yeah, the Google gourmet cooks Italian. He's a little man. I've got some lovely sausage for you. The Google gourmet cooks Chinese. Today I'm going to make some young guy. And of course, the Google gourmet cooks Greek. Oh, yes, if you're warm and fuzzy old friend, the Google gourmet, like you've never seen him before. Maybe, Google with his money, but not with his stuff. The Google gourmet cooks with boys. On the 1995 video store near you and don't forget coming next fall, it's the Google gourmet cooks with malt liquor. You know, the saddest part of all the thing that was the only show I ever watched on PBS. The foodie gourmet, I liked that show. Because he was in Milan. He was in Rome. He was, you know, some were an Italy. Most of the time. I'll end a lot of the place in Europe. But it was a good show. Because one thing I'll tell you about PBS and came out that they haven't come and they both suck. Make no mistake about that. PBS is television for a student in Lexington. Well, they go on a big, especially in this market. This has got to be the worst PBS market in America. Do we have any local programming in this market of any significance on PBS? Nothing. Zero. Here's Cutler Ridge, yellow. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Happy New Year. Same news. The reason you got all those kids and old folks at those games is because they've all priced real hockey fans like me. What do you mean old folks? We got the, well, they pretty much up there in the sections I can afford to sit in this on old folks. Yeah, they're six fees and they're all looking around amazed. Like they can't even follow the park. But that's the size to point. This point at least they're making an effort if that's the case because the people are sitting around me. They're not even looking out there. They're looking at each other. They're looking at their kids. They're looking at their watch. They're running out to buy 25 bucks more worth of food. And, and of course, all of this while the game is going on. Let me say it again. You're all sure's up there with they all know me and they're all very friendly to her. Me. But let me say some of you are doing a piss-forward job of restraining people from going down here. Once once the game starts again, you're supposed to keep those people back up there until a whistle blows. It is not many problems that the God is a boss and God is who the kids are. Well, not at the most of the implant. There's clapping problems in the fleets center because they're called empty yellow seats. Well, that's a lot of problems in the fleets center. Yellow seats with no asses in them. I think they're finally revolting for body off. That's size to point. This blurry trade, I don't see basically three players here that I know. They already said the Rangers and the Kings are also in the running. So basically that means we're Rangers. We'll get them on fortune with the Kings. Before you go up to that big hockey arena in a sky, you should take a run up to Boston and see the beam pot turn with some day. Now I'll watch it on TV. I got to settle like this all the games are real. It's a lot of fun on the. Okay, it really is. Okay, you have a next day. I'll see you Quincy Market. Okay, we have two open lines in date, five six seven five sixty pound five sixty feet. When you've lived in various parts of the country, it's always it's very ingracing and you're able to say, oh, I'll see and you know, on 12th street in Detroit, not you know, or whatever. I'll see at the Skipper's table in Detroit, and Lafonia. I'll see at the Quincy Market in the fan you will haul in Boston. Yeah, and of course it doesn't really mean anything significant. No, but it's the interesting. I'll see in limo, I would WIMA. Does that mean anything? No. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. So far we've had how many votes for Huey Lewis. We had one vote for Huey Lewis. None for Peter Warwell and 28 for Vanilla Ice Cream. Boy, see, and I just I sit and I scratch my head like Greg Reed does. We're that, you know, the hole is I keep scratching and scratching. And I asked myself, how could it be that there are so many people who liked vanilla ice cream? But then I think back to when I was a kid and I used to ask myself, how can the majority of people believe in this Godville crap? I'm in the tiny minority. Can they all be wrong? And finally I woke up on day and I said, yeah, they're all full of crap. It takes, it takes a, well, maybe not a lot, but it takes a certain amount of self-confidence in your own brain to be able to rise above the mediocrity of the masses. You thought of what I'm saying? No. Of course not. You have to rise, you say, lift yourself up above the mediocrity of the metal magic out there, who are all are led by a lot like a bunch of sheep with a Godville crap and the vanilla ice cream bull crap. Does vanilla ice cream have any taste? No. I mean, if you put something else on it, it's like a steak. When you go to root's crisp, if you have a brain, you put steak sauce on the steak. No. Of course not. You don't even ask for it, do you? No, no, no, because it's so succulent and juicy and delicious. And you'll discover, as you know, and of course there are people like Peter Luger steak. So why did they like it? Because it's got sugar in it, because you could drink it out of the bottle without the steak and say, wow, that was great. God! So when you put it on your meat, all you're doing is covering it up, okay? Anybody ever put anything on their meat to cover up the bad taste? Oh, I bet you have. That's what that air in bit. You was peddling that crap all the time. Those love potions and love because because people, you know, they want to cover it up. The honey bears. The honey bears. Yeah, to cover up that, you know, six months worth of smigma. Oh my God. Well, sure, I've told you the story about people that don't bathe very frequently, but they just put like a lot of time. Alcomputer. Yeah, the French. Yeah, the French. Paleigh, who, yeah, right, Paleigh, who don't drop the soap. Of course, you get tired of dropping when you're never picking it up. That's the French warrior. Oh my God. Well, anyway, here's a cross spring, fellow. Pearl Springs. Let's shine a go about and back to you. Oh, I'm happy for him. And same to you. Hey, it's not that far from foreign, by the way. Close. Yeah. I went to the website on Thursday because I couldn't find volume two and they found. Yeah. And they had it online. Right. I ordered it in addition to the one I had purchased excellent and another $30 worth of bless you. I told you a contribution with 70 bucks. Excellent. Well, if you believe we did almost $150,000, $50,000,000,000. God bless you. Yeah. Okay. I can't believe it myself. I just want to thank you for being the only decent thing to listen to in the broadcast market in Florida. I mean, you're talking about bush league. Yeah. That's being kind. You know, clear channel. I'm, I'm in the car a lot on Sunday night late when I get off work. And I try to listen to the news on IOD. You know what they're doing? They're frimal casting, STL. It's pathetic. Final casting gloves 94 in Palm Beach. Is there any end in sight of this? And you claim to go in clock by blame the FCC for derangling. Right. That's true. It's ridiculous. And you gotta remember that's the deregulation thing. Well, I guess in an indirectly, because Cox all the effect that they had a chance to buy up all these stations, in markets like Syracuse and Toledo markets where they fit in better than, you know, a major market. Well, it's great that Rick and Sus are on early in the morning because I do have a case to be out. And I listen to, I want to listen to something. And I do listen to this morning. In fact, they did a lot of even call them. And, you know, I listened to him before when they were on the afternoon. Because again, they were arrested, you know, an island in a sea of media. Pretty great. And, and when you stop and think that they're the only thing they have left on that radio station and Georgia was going to blow the mighty with a call them in the fire. I heard that story. I couldn't believe it. Who's not as my hand is above the wall here? She's unillessentable. Yeah. It's terrible. And it's, you know, it's not just radio. Channel 10 did something a couple of weeks ago that was just incredible. And that's Sunday night football game, which we were cut into prime time ABC. So they put in the listings that they were going to run prime time shows at like the one o'clock in the morning. Of course, I'm not going to stay up, but I wanted to take the practice with you the great show. Right. So I played the tape back the next thing and it's a half an hour into the show. That's what you said it wrong. And it turns out I call up Channel 10 to find out what was going on. She said, oh, well, we made a last minute decision to run it at one o'clock. I said, did you, did you make the announcement? Did you tell anybody? No. Now we, we, in hindsight, we thought we should have run a crawl. But we did it. They could crawl all right. They should be on her hands and knees with Dwight Latterdale. Who looks like he's about ready? I'm believing on you. Yeah. I made your mark the count. I think what's on on my mark. And this is the Hick-Con. I said this 23 years ago, this is just a big Hick-Town spread out over a big large area. There is no core. There is no downtown Miami. There's no downtown Fort Latterdale. There's no happening place. This is just a big bunch of bedroom towns that have nothing to do with each other. It's a pinbrake pine plantation. Coral jables, coconut grove. Sunrise. And this is not a place. It's not a place. It's a figment. Exactly. I don't know what it is. Well, thank you for God. Okay. And back here. You know, we have an open line of day, one at Grower at 560-705-60 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I want somebody that loves vanilla ice cream to call. So I started to tell a thing about this steak. Okay. With the steak sauce, that's vanilla ice cream. The difference being that a great steak like it roots crisp is great. It's delicious. It's fucking it. It's to die for. You want this smell out of money for it. What can you do? And I know, I know that our friends had been in Jerry's. I know they make like a vanilla bean. What do they call it? You know, some extra fancy fancy French vanilla vanilla is vanilla. You know what I'm saying? No matter what how you lit, it's like, that's it. You know, crap is crap. It may be in different aromas, different texture, different shades of, but what a crap is crap in a sandwich in all ice cream. And so people put her sheets are up on it. They put hot fudge. They put butter scuss. It's like neutral. You can put anything on it because it has no taste. Like Bill Colter used to say, delicious, but no taste. That's vanilla ice cream. The biggest selling flavor in America. And you wonder why all these crazy religious people are running around waiting for Armageddon and they're sucking up on canned goods and toilet paper. No, look, I asked the other day, I think this is a very serious question. Are you going to be taking a in heaven or in hell? I guess in hell, done non stop. It'll be running down your list forever. But in heaven, I mean, is this the kind of God that you people believe in? That's going to have you go to heaven? You can keep in mind, it's only the soul, the spirit that's going up there. How can you take a familiar soul? I mean, I've stepped on some of my soul. Okay, what I could do is the dog doesn't number it anywhere. But how can a bodyless soul, a spirit, take a stop? Somebody need all that toilet paper for if Armageddon's coming. Huh? I'm waiting for an answer. What are they? If you use that toilet paper with? While it's going on. While the tribulation is going on. Oh, while it's the fan. Okay. We have an open line of day one in Broward 560-70560-Pon 560 on the 18th, he wore this line. God, thank God that I'm about the only person in the world that makes any sense. Thank God for me. Thank you. You're welcome. You just pound it silly and then whatever comes out you eat it. You from the makers of the Lester, it's a fan substitute designed for sex offenders, introducing my last raw. My last who works in a molecular level to induce gut-frenching diarrhea whenever they have the urge to act on their sex fantasies. Hey, Mr. Would you like to buy a raffle ticket so my scouttroop and go camping this summer? Well, well, don't you look so insinitious uniform. Why don't you come inside while I get my wallet? Would you like to see my cat? Mr. It's a whole sorry. I can't help you. I'm sorry, kitty. My last rest. The latest weapon in the battle against ten of miles and other assorted sexual deviant. Okay, it's a better past than in the 560-WDQM. Jim manages in for vacation and can't come be a live at Chulos State 2 at Tool Clock reception. And then as if you have it at enough football, I mean, just coming out of your ears. We got the a pre-game at 6th and the Fiesta bowl, the national championship game they're calling it, which of course is a joke. But anyway, ten of CFFSU 829. What's your course is also on television? Oh, I'll mention that. Don't say that. Here's Palm Beach, Chulos. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, you're the best man. Yes, I am. Okay, listen. I just want to say, Armageddon already did happen. It was when the bed was open that new arena. Yeah. Okay, anyway, listen. I was driving out to my amygame. One of the few people that was. Anybody see that rev light down if that's you twice then yet? No. Okay. Anyway, I was thrown down to my amygame. I'll look at the WBGT 1290M. Right. They had this new show on our Saturday with a sports show. I know I don't link anything else at 1290. Well, I see many shows. I was called Sports Weep. There was like two guys that just went crazy. I don't know. They just started talking about everything. It was a pretty good show, you know. I know. It's kind of not to do a clear show. I'm still okay. But I was a pretty good show. You know, it has nothing to do with clear channel. Who owns BZT? They only said about every damn thing and datebrouder in Palm Beach. Yeah, but clear channel does not pay them to do the show. It was like a time-grown with show. They got to buy it. I got you. Well, if it was a good show, you should have known it had nothing to do with clear channel. Well, that's true. That's very true. Anyway, Panther's suck. Panther's suck. They should move into Cuba. They have no right having a team down here. Okay. All right. Thank you. You're the best. Okay. We have an open line at Broward 560, 560, Palm 560 on a mobile one line. Yeah. I mean, Tom Zickard doesn't like Rick and Sard, okay. That's a occasion titled that there are plenty of people who don't like Rick and Sard. They're playing people who are like me, okay? But I mean, try to donate all this. Did you see this? Look at the amount. All the way down to here. It's about renewing. Okay. Now, I'll grant you that after 17 years of slave and over a hot microphone in the market, renewing deserves more coverage than he's gotten over these years. Especially after he stopped painting his vault spot. But I mean, you know, I mean, it's old news now that it guys been gone forever and ever and ever and I know that I wish him nothing but the best of luck. He's been jerked around in screw up. How come there's nothing here about Craig Warding by the way? Who's also a then good guy who's got a good following still and a commercial success in his market? Got a lot of loyal sponsors and can't find his way back on here because queer channel screwed him over. Is there anything in there about him? No. No. But at least I accomplished one thing. We embarrassed Tom Zick in the finally writing a radio column. I don't like that. Oh, nobody cares. Well, nobody cares, but I'm not really the care enough that he decided to write something. Here's Pemberg Pine. Hello. And how are you doing now? Great. First of all, I'd like to put in the poll. Yes. Uh, I don't like green. You like all the reasons? It's because the other two are even worse. Because he will lose and then there was in P. Well, that's that's a good point. Now, so I mean, it's by default. I would concur. Yeah. So, uh, and these vanilla ice cream, you can put something out of that'll make it, uh, appealing. He puts up in dark on it like pure war out. Yeah. How about Peter Wellwell with a bunch of an ice cream on his bald spot? That might be good. But it might be very good. Yeah. My light nut is, uh, added a little bit. Yeah. But uh, you know, I was kind of disappointed. I turned on the radio this morning six o'clock and they were on. Yeah. You know, I was on your website, myself. You know, the three little conversation with that that you mentioned. We'll go. Yeah. Uh, just a mention that you were like transversing the clock to the morning. Yeah. Yeah. There's a little sample for it. You know, it was terrible. You know, I turned on my heard. We, we, you know, Joe Rose again. And I was just like, gosh, you know, where's the nearly when we need him? Yeah. What you know what Joe always said? I like the wee wee. That's right here. But, uh, you know, talking about these kids and everything like that. You think it's bad, you know, at the games, it's stuff like that. What about when you're at a business? You know, and you're at a business and you got all these kids running around, everything like that. Jumping on machines and jumping on, uh, playing around. Yeah. Like a short break. Like if you're in a radio business, engine managers has his bright kids come in a few years ago and riff apart to you. P. I'm a machine and riff to take a whole news department apart because, you know, again, parents just, they make the babies and then they just turn them loose to write recantica on the world. And if you say something to them, they get all kicked off and fired up and they're like, you know, you know, that's right. And everybody else's kids are bad, but don't pick on my kid. That's right. But you know what, they get hurt. You know, it's going to happen. I'm going to sue you. Right. No, and I've got it. A bunch of people on it. Forced sterilization keeps saying it. And I'm trying to get them in. Okay. Just, uh, you know, just don't stick to me. Okay. Have a great year. Okay. We have an open line in date, one in Broward, five six seven and like, uh, any German ask you. There's a special ed. There's an example. They got a baby. Any German ask you's reproducing. How do you like that? Is anybody can you even relate to that? No. I mean, that's terrifying, isn't it? There's special ed is reproducing. That kid got to be a rocket scientist. Five six seven, five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Miami Beach, hello. Hey there. Yes, man. I love you, show. I like him. Listen to Rick and son. Right. I load, Brooke. No. Hey, you're church. I'm waiting for one person that has something good to say about Brooke and I have never heard anybody, even when we worked on at station with her over there, I had to hear anybody ever say one good thing about that bitch. And he was probably in welcoming her. Right. But I don't listen to her. Hold on. I mean, no matter, I like I said before, you can put a monkey on the ear and they're going to be a whole bunch of, oh, yeah. Yeah. I said monkey. I ever heard. When he sucks. A bunch of suckles, right? And I like vanilla and fish food. What's that? What is that? No. I guess you're at the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we paid it. And so I just said, well, getting control of your kids. And no one said, everybody was like happy. I said something. Good for you. Nice thoughts with a lot of people here in a metal I would say it to you. Well, it's from the night go to another movie because it's easier than you can to other movies. It's that mother. Right. And then another child had to be told to get up. Well, in fact, maybe you should do this in your spare time. You should go to all these models, the multiplex movie places. You can do that. You spend a few minutes in each one. You get to flavor the movie and all whatever this. And then you can be the, the spy. You can watch out for the disability kid and bitch him out. Okay. I could do it. It seemed the word. You're a professional bitch. I've been the only kid's lady. Yes. Sterilization is the key. For sterilization. That's that. Okay. Okay. There's a good lady there. See, I'm not like there. I'm changing my whole deal now. Any future we got a long way to go this season. And we got four more years after this. Oh, Jesus. I mean, thank God those people have shared their seats with some other, but a bunch of other people. Because you'll notice if you go to the macarina, you almost never see the same people in the same seats twice other than me. Because most people, I'm all first of almost people who have somebody buying the tickets for them. Like I do here, where it's thank you very much, Greg. But most people can't afford the financial punishment. And whatever the other reason, they split up the packages. Thank God for that. Because if I hit in my mind, if I had the thing that every game I go to, this cock sees army of wild people are going to be sitting in front of me doing their, you know, shaking up the baby routine, I lose my mind. Three hours of nonstop fidgeting and holding up the knee air and walking back and forth and blocking people off and grand-pying watching. And, you know, go home and spend time with your grandchildren. Okay. You cheap bastard. Go to a house and do it. Have a party form every guy at the night. There's a hockey game. And guess what? The game is on television. And I guarantee you'll pay just as much attention to the game on its on TV as you do in the arena. None. None. Two open lines and date. 560 505 60 pound 560 on the mobile one line. I'm going to have to know the QAM. You sound a little bit. We're going to kick it tonight. Oh, kick it tonight. I can't tonight walk the wall. But we're going to kick it tonight. I'm actually in Callie by the Commands. I It works the lorsan in the basket. It makes a good all-off. It works the lorsan in the basket. It works them both the level. It works the lorsan in the basket. When the eyeballs are also But for Steve Ocean in the basket, they didn't have to hold it out. But for the North Indian, the basket is what I have to get. It puts the North Indian in the basket. It will rub it on my brother. But for the North Indian, the basket will try to eat my shoes. But for the North Indian, the basket will be in the basket. I said, God, well, I switched my PB and my legs. Oh, God! I like to dance around this way, isn't it? Oh, me! How's the North Square here, there? There's a lobby! There's one little bit more luck in the world for. My name is Paparol Bell. It's much the North Indian basket. It makes it more busier. It puts the North Indian in the basket. Oh, my PBX, it puts the North Indian in the basket. Oh, but it does it wrong. It puts the North Indian in the basket. I got my skin so many more necklaces. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Well, 13 and 5. 50, W2M, a two-up-and-line-to-date county for your Parvours election. We're moving along, seeing the sun. Fixing the mass today. So the first day of the year after two long holiday weekends, not bad, huh? Thanks, the Rick and Sus, by the way, for laughing. You're up by coming back on here today. And thank God that they held on to a job. Everybody's hanging on by their fingernails and their testicles because we got their queer channels and the other grave robbers of the world out there destroying the businesses we used to know. And I was going there after you see again, much of Moron's. They're worried about us staying crap on the air, but at the meantime, they're turning the entire guy in industry into it. All you got to do is turn on your radio. That's 29 hours a day, it's crap in most parts. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, ice cream heater occasionally? Oh, you got to push that on. Oh, wow. But let me ask you this, would you ever consider eating vanilla ice cream plain? Oh, yeah, I do it. I know, you know, how you do any kind of ice cream? I like it all. You know, I prefer it with something else or not with the other. You know what, at all? I'll even know it right up. You know, with nothing on it? Sure. Yeah. Naked vanilla. Ice cream man, it's good and cold. I'll eat it. OK. I didn't even wait. Not only do I listen and call the recon said, but this morning, you played my call. Really? We're getting up your show. Wait a minute. One moment, please. Hang on a second. I'm over there. I read it before I get to go to get. Huh? No, no, I want to listen to you. You know, it's been a bit. Is that a bit? Yeah. And I almost missed the show this morning. I rolled out about 15 minutes to go. How do you like that year on the year on this show and on tape on their show at the same time? I can't read it. You just thought you were in the Guinness Book of Records man. Yeah, well, it didn't even wait. I'm listening at least at least there's somebody familiar with there. A couple of familiar voices. And if Rick will just stop talking about the stock market, which is up on 31 points, but if he'll just stop doing that, we got no problem there. You know, but as you were interested in somebody who'll start talking about something else, he'll change the subject. If he's got no one to call, maybe he's got 20s into. The stock market? I guess that's what he's into. Based on what? It's boring. And there's a lot of money to be made and lost there, but who now wants to talk about it? I mean, when no one's calling you, you start to talk about whatever you're into, whether be hockey or you're satellite, they shouldn't get on with the show. We can get on with the show. We can get on with the show. We can get on with the show. We can get on with the show. We can get on with the show. We can get on with the show. What's more interesting? Hockey on the satellite or the stock market? I mean, it's not over in a live screen. We know ice cream. Definitely. You're right. That's on the top of the lake. Back seat. Okay, pal. Okay, pal. Have a great new year. You too. I've been on a drought at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on a mobile one line. But I noticed one thing Rick always does. Every day of every show that he's ever been on here. Oh, I got so much stuff here. I got all the stuff to go through. Every time he says that you know that there are either like almost no calls or no calls at all. Which I can understand and listen, I never knock anybody for getting no calls in his time because that went on here for 700 years. And look at this. Look at my calls dropping off here. Not on the toilet prices three. That wasn't for you anyway. What was it? Gambling question. I'm gambling question from one of the sports there. See, this is I can't stand it. I can't. I'm very happy. We got all our differences ironed out here. We had that great dinner at Rose Christmas Greg bought me dinner. There was nobody could believe it. Put it away. And the management there. Oh, well, I noticed they did charge him. But nevertheless, everything's straightened out after kind of a rocky year. Everything is wonderful here at WQM. You believe it? No. I mean, no. We got George got his bonus. Yeah, he got his. No, no. I see did. So that part of it is fine. But the sports nerd party and set it repetition, the neurotic psychosis of these compulsive gamblers. I'm telling you guys, it's boring. boring. About oh, you got the points bread. Who cares if you want the points bread? Go call Louie the book. He come mugsy Solomon. OK, stop just destroying us on a radio with a bunch of boring compulsive crap. You think they can cover your thick tree and I have it. And then what can somebody explain to me? And I hate, I see I suck myself into this. I feel like Ron Jeremy. I suck myself into this field where I'm going to wind up talking about it. I hear like Ed Kaplan, who is of all the great guy, by the way. But I mean, needs GA desperately. A compulsive. If two leaves are falling from the tree, they'll bet you which one will hit the ground first. I mean, I guarantee it. And he'll also do the overs and numbers. But what is this? I tease with a jet-skate. What does that mean? What does that mean? All these people who are calling their bookie and making these illegal bugs. What does that mean? I tease with this game. And I covered with it. And I, what are they talking about foreign language? I know that foreign language radio is very big on A.M. and this market. But do we need another foreign language that most of us don't understand? No. I don't think so, man. I mean, there's not room for one more foreign language. Here's a crawl game, O'Sullo. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. I was wondering, I don't buy into this religion crap. And I was just wondering. I want to do a little research. And I was wondering if you could put me in the direction of a good book, starting religion. Yeah, the Bible. Read it and you won't believe a word of it. Okay, we have three open lines in day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pump 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Boker. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Great. This afternoon. I do want to ask you a question about the tea. But I wanted to talk to you about something else. Yeah. Are these herbal teas? The tea, some, sir. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I think it refers to when you batten over and the point spread that you get a little leeway. You can add the points to either one. Whether you want to over to be lower or high. Oh, you know, something. I'm getting ahead of you just hearing you describe it. I mean, you know, it's just, it's so pathetic. It's, it's, it's, it's, there, there. People that have such serious gambling problems and they're in the Nile. They don't want to fast up to it. Well, you should be on the topic of your cover. Hydrated addiction. What does that have to do with gambling? Well, everyone has their hand up, right? Yeah. Dambling with drugs. Oh, okay. But you, you're, you're missing the point. Okay. I grant you. I'm addicted to refined carbohydrates. But the wife said here, I mean, I'll mention it to every now and then. Especially when I'm talking about Ben and Jerry's and what I'm eating, three points of fish. But do I shit here and talk about it day after day? Do I say, oh, well, I had 122 carbohydrates and he under the over was 150 and the under was 87. I mean, it's terminal. This is true, but I wanted to talk about arbitra. Yeah. I think that it's, I first of all, I think that you are, by far, the best talk show in this day. And that you're rating, I'm amazed at how it is. I think it should be much higher, but because of the system, arbitra, who it is, who it is. Well, my girlfriend got, uh, saying the mail from arbitra, I'd either return to dress, clompy amount. I don't know if you know anything about clompy amount. Well, I was both bill Merlin, but I don't know what the official amelioration. Well, uh, well, regardless, the clompy amount is a plain city. Yeah. In between DC and Baltimore, and for our fortemeded located, which is the intelligence center in the United States. So anyone who speaks to the truth, I would like to. Yeah. You know, not the most government friendly person. I could see them and the interest in cyber-attracted. But arbitra is a private company. It's got nothing to do with the government. Right. You know, there's always a factor in meeting. No. And I've been on the, the problem that I got in and believe me, the ratings are always a very, very good, especially relatively speaking. But there's a closet audience out there. Right now, as you and I are speaking, there are thousands and thousands of people who, if they get the arbitra and die, they'll never put it down because they either hate me like poison or they're embarrassed that they listen. And then there's a gigantic closet audience out there and you'll never get credit for those. Two very, two. I don't think I'm going to get a screw. Have a great day, pal. I'll see you in Belsville. All right. We have an open line of day two and a grower at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So what is it so far? Peter will rail to see you have one vote yet here today. No. He just goes out there and touches the puck. He's got one of his rare shifts before we get to the remaining was brawl. Another stupid penalty like in a penguin game the other day. And he just, he just, they make him a pass. Here he goes about five feet at 10. And the crowd is hysterical around a verge of a congregational orgasm. They're like, oh my god. And then all of a sudden, it like, like, somebody just cut it with a knife. Because guess what? He don't have to puck anymore. I mean, you talk about an inexplicable phenomenon. That's got to be it. They're obsessed. It's like a religion with them. They're probably going home and doing their Peter Royal blow-up dolls at home. Here's a mobile in the P-Rine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Your sign. First time caller here. Great. You used to hate you like boys and men. Yeah. But you're an acquired taste. You like bourbon or cigars, you know? Like vanilla ice cream, right? Well, I like vanilla. But that's me over here and over there. You like that fancy stuff. You like it plain? Well, no, I put milk on it. Make like a little homemade milkshake. Oh, you put in just milk on it? You don't put in a blender and mix it up like an milkshake. You just put milk on your vanilla ice cream. That's right. Fire, you go. Okay. Gotta be fired. Anyway, Neil, I'm a child of excess. You know, you get had some plain stuff now and then. Yeah. Nice. It brings you back. You know, it's a pleasure to have a new year. You know, that's time for plain stuff anymore. No? No. Hey, one last thing, Neil. I'm kind of out of material. But tell all these gambling freaks to call Henry Goldberg and his show. Okay. Thanks, Neil. I have a great new year. I want to call Henry Goldberg and his show because it ruins Hank show and I told you 50 million times if I told you once when I'm driving home and listening to Hank and enjoying what he's talking about. All of a sudden, a compulsive. Hey, you think they're going to cover it. Oh, immediately. I just, I go into a coma. It is the prime. In fact, I would rather hear Rick Rally discuss the stock market for five hours. No, seriously. And that's terminal. I'd rather hear that for five hours than hear one of those gambling calls. That's how boring they are. That's how devastating the artificial radio station. Look at this. And look at what we're talking about devastating. All I did was mention the teas and all of a sudden the lines went like, ah, we got two lines left on the board. And that's it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I think it's portrait down here. It's a bit you do. But the thing about it is the region you have on his gamers calling him because Hank is a gambler. I mean, you talk about it. Wait, wait, wait. What about that? Is it a gambling? I'm going to first team on Kaplan. So you don't hear as many calls about gambling and about Vegas and about this. Like you do on the hand. You're going to go to the polls about gambling on a Kaplan show. That's all I ever hear is discussion about gambling. I think we need to talk about having different formats with sports radio. I mean, Hank's talk about gambling. You think it's a call? I think he talked about having interviews with a professional. He does. Hank does great interviews. He has all the big names on it. When he does those interviews, it's very interesting. I love hearing that. I'm not going to call or call in. Like I said before, the colors are the deathnell of sports radio in this market. They're tremendous impediment. I do think that it's up to the host. Like the gamers are talking. I think he talked a lot about the gambling. And that's why I love it. Yeah. I mean, thought, I don't know. I just wish we had some decent talk for it down there. I mean, take the word. I'm a way to, wait a minute. How can you have decent sports talk when the colors are is uneducated, uninsformed when they repeat the same boring stuff over and over again. And if it's not death, and it's the gambling nuts, I've got to have an idea of the end radio. You know, you don't have call. He has to end radio. Boys. There are a bunch of high-enders that Tony Bruno and those other guys who all try to aim at the, oh, there's only 20 hours a day of their stericol after over nothing. Maybe they're going to have hours to fill up. Maybe he has a talk show that as many call ends. I don't know. Whatever. Just take down here. Kill a calls, man. I keep trying to tell him that. Kill those calls. And like, look at the work for me. Look at this. You got one call up in the board. Kill the calls. That's okay. We'll survive. It's hard to get now. We had a great two and a half hours today for the first day of the new year that we're on the year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Started out with tremendous enthusiasm here today. And now it's like, the law of diminishing return. Well, that's because you went to your destiny, not for the live stream again. And people are getting really pissed off at you about talking about that. Since most of us love an L.I. screen. I just, I don't understand it. I don't get it. It's like, you know, it's like doing a dry run. I just, I don't understand what that's all about. What is the enjoyment from it? It has no taste. None. Zero. Liberty, do that. And then they have the, with the vanilla bean in it. And why do they put the vanilla bean in it? To try to create a little bit of a taste. Something. Anything. If it's like saying, I like my favorite thing in the world to have in my mouth. Is tapioca pudding. Huh? If somebody said, you, you call them in in the white suits. You'd have them locked up immediately if not sooner. Of course in South Florida, where most people gummed the food anyway. You can't taste it. What difference is it made? Twenty-seven. It's easy to gum tapioca pudding. Anvilized screen. Twenty-seven after you're doing it. Five, sixty, double the QM and then. Yeah, no. All the trouble now. You bet to yeah. Now look what you do. Oh, that's what this is saying. Just saying dress, just saying dress. Let's say dress, let's say dress. I'm. Of course, we're. I'll come up with this thing. Just saying dress. Let's say dress. Let's say dress. Let's say dress. Yeah. Yeah. Get fine. Get it. Works work. Come on. She's saving the dress. Like a low-lost doll. Smith-like two. Two. Where's the parade for her? Where's the size 14? She's got she's so gasped. Dance, mad. Not that she's at the radius. She's a man, Brad. But she can come on my way. Just the way I like. I have some with the same dress. Let's say dress. Let's say dress. Let's say dress. All my room with the state dress. And that fat little jazz. Because I literally got his children. I have a woman saying dress. They just said dress. That's like the same dress on. Which? That's like the same dress. That's different. They can't afford to wear that. Who's it looking? Time to get her a broken bride. Comforty two at five sixty wqm. We have two open lines in date five sixty five sixty palm five sixty on a mobile one on. Jim Mand its the mad dog. Yeah. With those pinaini asked two kids who hopefully are a little older and a little less pinaini will be long for Hank from Shulas Day 2 with 2 reply. And then we got out of your freeestable business baby as it just keeps on coming man. I don't understand it. I guess I guess because America has got to have a football game on Monday night, even though the NFL regular season is over with. So now let's even always the fourth of January. Let's have another the 400th bowl game. Here you go. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Pretty good. I was listening to you talk about our your college college talking about the Hopkins shows the sports shows on here. Yeah. And you said that they're awful. And I agree with you. But aren't they awful everywhere? I mean, what's the good market puts sports offshore? These people just call a nitpick. They have no lives. They just call them to talk about sports. And that's been plenty of honest with you. They have never heard WFA in the New York other than I miss you doesn't talk about sports. So I don't know. Maybe it's just way everywhere. I mean, I want you to come right down. What is there to say? And these people that keep talking about football and want to get technical in it. You know, did the right tackle spray in this thing. They'll and the let's guard the uses right guard that morning. I mean, Jesus, I, there's not much of a video. I'd rather eat an ice cream than look to the bed. It's it's terminal. I mean, I just listen like the first five minutes. Listen, like all the information and hand has to say. Right. The fact that I just ran it up because the people just like piss you off. You have the call. The worst. Yeah, the dolphin's wind and they have something to bitch about why this should be Johnson Now, where? Where? Where's water or brown water? Right. There are a bunch of more. You know, and you know what? You're the best. You're right. Bye. God bless you, sir. Okay. We have an open line in Broward to and day. Things are starting to really slow down. You can hear the grease on the wheels just sliding right off their vacuum out there. Can't you? They're grease on it. 560560 and pump 560 on the mobile one line. Market's up about 115. It was up. I didn't 61. So don't get that to hysterical off the beginning. The Eurico told you all the market story tomorrow. Well, let's see. Fair value was minus 550 and the oh geez. See, this is what happens when a guy gets paid some serious money for the first time in his life for a couple of years. And all of a sudden, he discovers that he's an investor. And now he's a stock market analyst. Okay. I'm the fact, I'm not sure which is more boring. The computer talk or the stock market talk. If we could just reen him away from that, maybe collectively, we can save the Rick and Sudshow. That now, seriously, that's my new year's resolution. That's why my one goal, even from a selfish standpoint, so that I got something to listen to and away to the work in the morning, besides the reality and the idea that whining scratching the fingernails on the blackboard crap. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. I do a meal. Right. Yeah. Back to you, sir. You mentioned about the game in San Francisco, again, yesterday about the guy calling the game. Every time, what was it that I've had? I would pass somewhere or call the game. Right. When every time a season would go out and make a pass, he'd say, and that's Bob going back. And then it was like he never closed the young season. It was like five against five. Yeah. It was terrible. And, you know, here's an interception, which you see very clearly. He says it's incomplete. And then like 15 seconds later, after Green Bay's office is coming on the field, he and Madden are saying, oh, I think that ball was picked up. Yeah. That's right, Panacicier Rider was, I mean, every major play in the game no matter what it was that happened, he had an ass backwards. And Neil, by the way, my eight-year-old son came up to me and said, you know, Dad, you can't have a time without comic stuff. Hey, get easy. Okay, see you. You can't have a high-woven. You can't have a Mazuzah without being Jewish. We have an open line at Broward 2 in Date County, 560, 50560 on the mobile one line. Here's Volker. Hello. Good morning. Neil Rogers, God. Good evening. All afternoon or whatever. Whatever. And holidays. Happy New Year. Have a little bit of the fourth. Got a little bit of bad news for you. Yes. You remember a couple of weeks ago, everyone was gripping and hollering about the little noise? About what? A little noise that trains it that would come in. Well, something like that. Yeah, yeah. Right. It's back. No. Yes, it is. It came on this time in the middle of a call. No. You mean we have a technical problem here at QAS? So that's the first you better write down on your calendar. In addition to these four-storevenming, and I'm going to tell you something. Yes. I live in Alabama. And they run a lot of the national sports network. Right. Two topics of discussions. The points flat or whatever the team is in the given area. Yeah. And everything that the last time that he stole most of is not all of my material on there. It's terminal. Just absolutely terminal. I mean, you got the wrong show where everybody screams in yellow for 45 seconds. And then he's been 15 minutes talking about how bad that call was. Yeah. Then you've got the local ones in the state of Alabama. It is exceptionally bad because they don't have any post us and it's Alabama and Auburn College. Everything's on here. Listen, we got all four of you about protein. So you're in a dozen of them. They still spend 80 percent of their time talking about college crap and about the Gators this and the Gators that these are men here who refuse to grow up. I think that I'd say about 80 percent of the men in the town just refuse to grow up. They want to continue hanging out of their childhood forever. But it's good. How many Gators drop in? Can you possibly cope with in one week? Very few. Yeah. Like minus three. In other words, if I had three listed, it'd all be good. Exactly. Okay. I'm out of material. Have a happy. See ya. Bye bye. We have an open line in Broward to a date county. Gotta get date county roll it again. All that big audience we got in the grow. And a pull our we had a Yanke in the grow. And it's picked all of our merchandise out of that store down there because they hate this show. They hate me like poison in the grow. What the reason is for that? Five, bunch of fag. It's five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 and five, 60 on the mobile one line. I guarantee you. I guarantee you. If I was like 25 years old, it looked just like Brad Pitt. I'd be number one half in the grow. Yeah. There you go. There's more to life than just how you look. Okay. Just ask Larry King and Don I'mus. And you'll Roger's. Tell you. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello. Hello. Grab and sure wherever it is. Yes. Hello, Neil. I'm a good. They didn't do one. 20 years old. Here's a right from Europe. Oh, yeah. I'm down here in that five. You're trying to write this for classes. You know. Yeah. Oh, how does this is the line here? And I'm down here in the ventral. And I went to Europe. And I went to answer that beautiful. Yeah. And I also went to grow so long and Paris. Yeah. Genes and the Southern France. Right. The liberal. I don't know. I'm going to get the gentleman to say again. I just bought his idea today. Yeah. The German did a lot. No, it's like more dirty. And I know like it's like the United States, but in the people's. I hate it. Yeah. There's a great country just a bunch of crappy people. Kind of like Florida. Okay. Beautiful place, but just long. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My friends. I is on. I'm happy for him. Yeah. I'm going to be with those. I get you. I get you. What is it? Get you. I get you. Okay. You sure. You're sure. What do you say? Two on it. We have a three open line today that's all of them. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. 21 to one a QAAA. Oh, don't you go back to Canada. You go back to time. Getting certain size in the morning. Sight the knife is going to do the job. All right. Pull out my wiper. Stuff it in the chopper. Just get me to the press on time. I'm getting ready for a tip clip. Going from ten inches down to nine. I don't want to beg. Yeah. What off would the specma get me to the press on time? Okay. If I am leading my up the floor. If I am dragging the slip off for inches more. Whoa. I'm getting shortened in the morning. Time of sucks because I'm turning 49. I'm kind of blueish. But if I must be Jewish, you got to get me to the press. Get me to the press for Christ's sake. I mean God's sake get me to the press. I'm sorry. Oh, you. Swing as you spears. He is the 1243 at five sixty w two and just like we like a real sick you're out of show. We have all the deadlines open. Are these lines working now? I mean, these people must be handled or fist right. I call in here to rape about the God damn return or Rick and Ted's the airways this morning and to complain about the God damn book Daniel show. I have to do them. Come on. Let's get going. It's somebody even mentioned the Mr. Ego this morning on at show, which gave me goosebumps to think that somebody might be listening. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, man. No. I have a question. I hope you can help me. I'm talking about a defensive line that's heard by the name of Michael Stewart from the dolphins. I haven't heard anything about him this year and my sister would like to know. I'm kind of doing her a favor this morning. Can you help me? She related to Napoleon coffin by the chance. No, I don't think so. What does that mean? What are you talking about? What is that Michael Stewart? Who the hell was that? Martin? Who is that? He's a defensive bat. So what about? Well, what is the question? The question is, is it an effort to what if everybody's offensive backs on the dolphins? What are you talking about? I'm talking about if he's still on the golf. You listen to the show. You listen to this show. Thank you Neil. Do you listen to this show? Do I listen to this show? Thank you. What are you? Are you listening to what I'm saying to you? Are we having a conversation? Yes, Neil. We are. Let me explain why I'm telling you. No, no, no, if you listen to this show. Can you believe that? Can you can't we this is this is my first broadcast of the New Year. My 400 year on a year in Miami and here is a woman who is the epitome of this town. Okay? Was she listening? No. Did she make any sense? No. Does she listen to this show? No. Could she carry a conversation? No. Did she get the point I was trying to make here? This isn't a sports show. I don't know Michael Stewart from Ron Stewart. I don't know Michael Stewart from Stewart-Also. And this woman is talking to you, trying it and she won't. She won't take a breath to listen for one second. 560560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Did everybody else get it? Okay, as usual, I'll man out. Here's Miami. Hello. That's one that you got. You got on my bag. Yeah. But just happy to hear Neil. I listened to what the whole is happening. Faggot's our sports fans. You want to call us you and perpetuate some ugly, rotest stereotypes of some missing lip-rusted Queen just because you might be? No, just because she's a woman. That was a pain in the ass. Okay, we have an open line and a broward into it so it's another story you're taking who wants to perpetuate a women-hitting bag. It's okay. Just like women loving bull dikes. Well, what is this man? He was probably in the grove. He was the one. Closet collar from the grove. Get out of here, sweetheart. Go take a butcher up lesson to get out of my pussy. 56070560. I see I should have known. In the first two and a half hours was an aberration this morning. I don't know where the hell it came from. They must have had a pent-up from these last two holiday weekends. They must have had a little bit of material. But now, by 1230, it's very obvious. It's gone. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neo for the Lady Two colors ago. In bitch. Yeah. Okay. And now. I mean, what kind of a conversation? I don't know where if I know it. Even if I knew or cared about Michael Stewart, I mean, she's not listening to a word that I'm saying to her. Neo for my sister. Yeah. Well, put your sister on the phone. Here's that one for your sister. Yeah. Go back where you came from. Yeah. Center back to the comment. All right. To get the mind moved. Yeah. All right. In the game, the other day probably I will go. This is a sparta who caught a touchdown pass. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember who let it drop the other 20 passes. Whatever. Right. We're eating all night long. I've got 20 to row. He catches one of these crying. And then men say, it's not about money. The first thing he does when he takes his helmet off, he checks for his diamond hearing. Yeah. Because this is a little sad. Get earrings. The law. Yeah. Well, he's playing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's not about money. Did you see the Bud Light spot on it? I was one of the great spots I've ever seen where they got this dark, complexed shock. We just signed this multimillion dollar contract. Did you see it? And they said, and the guy is says, I've got the last Bud Light in the world here. How much would you give me for the last Bud Light? And the guy says, oh, how about a million dollars? And he said, okay. And then you're seeing sitting there with a million. And he says to the agent, how much I can't let now? I loved it. Greatest spot in the history of the human rights. I don't know. Great day, Palin could be in such a goofball. What am I looking for? I'm looking for the name of the Yolibre receiver. Number 81. A cost of big touch stop pass. They'd win a game in the final three seconds of the game. Nice going. They're Steve Young. You know what they say about Steve Young? Don't you? Yeah. Carol Owen. Who is it? Carol Owen. Carol Owen. Carol Owen. Does that? Carol or Terrell? How come it's Terrell? Well, buckly, but it's Terrell Owen's. I thought it was Terrell, but yesterday they were saying Terrell. Oh, you say we're saying this. So you're going to believe something that Pat Summer all in John Madden said in that game yesterday. No. The worst broadcast in the history of it. And I love John Madden and Pat Summer all won't give you wrong. But they must have been on the jungles use out there or something or maybe Pat just back on the ordinary regular juice. Maybe you, you know, I mean, totally incoherent. Thank you so much, Joe for whatever you just said. What do you say, Jesse Owen? We have an open line in Broward all a day. They're out of it now. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. We're not going to make it till two o'clock. I better get mad at you in an hour early because these people are not enough of the state of me. They want to talk football. Maybe the dolphins, the dolphins got a gif. Yeah, they got a nice gift there. I said, they'll take it. Thank you. They want to talk super bowl. They want to talk about those bowl games. They want to talk about that big festival and it redneck body bound. Yeah, that's what made me sick. My stomach. I'm watching. I missed this morning for whatever reason. I don't know because I've already spent the four minutes reading both newspapers from cover to cover. Whatever there was to read. And he's, uh, can we like anybody in that game tonight? We look either one or same. Oh, yeah, we like a forest thing or like Bobby Bond. You know, stop mumbling already. Okay, Donna, we don't want to hear about how you were out there on the goddamn farm again. He was not on the ranch trying to get the goddamn mhmul cows to come back. Whatever he was doing. Oh, Jesus. And this guy's making a big buck. He's on worldwide TV on MSNBC. And I'm sitting there talking to myself in Miami. Here's a man who was great 20 years ago, who is I guarantee if they brought a physician in there certifiable right now. They could they could bring in the corner right now and certify him as dead. I'm as easily. And he's rickening the millions. They just recited into another 30 year. I mean, talk about being not the mist. So I call those old people taking their criminal going into came are today after Christmas to buy next year's Christmas decorations. 90% off. Talk about being an optimist grandpa. I wouldn't be counting my Christmas isn't to lay until they hatch until the first no starts falling peoria. Here's poppin' oh, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. Good night. I'm the good night, sir. I did listen to ricken says this morning. Here's another one. Oh, right. Except as, you know, they shot themselves in the foot. They move ricken says for the morning and that's uh, which a name on a new. So, Debbie, this year. Thank God for Jack Cole. Give me some of the list. Oh, boy. Now you're really desperate. Hey, uh, you didn't pump these people. Have you been paying attention to these the alleged sexual harassment lawsuit against Phil Henry? No. By this, uh, like Tammy Bryce. No. By any facts this stuff on it. She would she sued everybody inside out there just a bunch of crap. She allegedly he made some remarks to her at his wedding and his wedding. Yeah, it's pile of crap. It is a pile of crap. And then she sued his wife. She she's soon everybody inside this bitch. And have a great day. Okay. That was you know that. Somebody's horn is stuck out here. By the way, just so I mentioned that because it's getting out my nerves. Almost as much as those little kids at the hockey game jumping up and down front of my post. Open line a day two and a row or five six seven oh five sixty, pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Maybe somebody else out there's got what I've got. Let's talk about illnesses. Okay. Worked for Rick this morning. He had a call from some of the talk about taking one time. So yeah, I've had this, uh, this is like, uh, I know what it is. Why am I going to waste my money going to see my good friend Dr. Mark when I know exactly what he's going to tell me. But it's a nice drive down there anyway. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, has a comment. Great. Good. I don't know if the sky's on your station, but it's a right. It makes fun of other DJs on your station. We don't have DJs on this station. I would have out our call. All days if you and we had DJs, we had Robe Young. He's then we got to have Rick Shaw. No more DJs. What's that guy's name? He's a smart with the go-to. He's also on TV and a sports guy. The schmuck with a beard with a go-to. He's a little go-to. He talks in such a monotonin or his idiot calls through the same thing. We have a schmuck with a go-to on this station. We don't have anybody like that. He's not on his way. He's syndicated at the whole planet. Do you know he's at sports guy? He's such an idiot and his call is trying to call him up and imitate him. Oh, you're trying to log in wrong. Exactly. He's not on his station. Thank God. What's there for you, Nick? I hate him. This guy, you could say, boy, nice day out there today. Just oh, but there's cumulus Pau's on her way. To this guy is try so desperately to make everything controversial. You talk about contract controversy. He makes me sit to my stomach. Isn't he a guy that bests her beard up or basal player or something along the air? Oh, I don't know. I hope you had. I sure. He's calling some guy a Chris of a lawyer. He kept on saying to get them saying it. The guy's smushed on my on the air. Good. Excellent. That's the best is ever at all the year, even over the years early. Thank you. Next question for you. Yeah. It's turned you on two seconds ago. What's the story with a reconciliation zone on your station? Yeah. Are they on there? We're going to bring in. They were going to bring in a renewing, but then the negotiations fell apart for the last minute because they kept on justing on saying, we're going to boog out on every break and they didn't monolum do they still bring them working? That's pretty funny, too. That other trick that you keep on out playing that quick of a laugh. Yeah. What is so countless? Yes. How is she on the air? Because they had nobody else to put on. It's just a little bit like they hired her the first time. They realized the audience reaction was so universally hostile and negative that they blew out of there. And then they had nobody to put on. Peter Bulls your who's an idiot. One's in a her entire store. They're with her getting tires and he said, oh, how'd you like to come back? She's okay. That's the first story. That's the way we're supposed to channel. If you're work cheap, we'll give you a chance to come back. And by the way, from New York, I know WSI in pretty well. This is almost the same. It is to call up, but they they're a little bit more knowledgeable. Oh, isn't that sad? I say, I say no more sports radio coming to millennium. That's what I say. Sounds good to me. Okay. Take care, no. I mean, I'm, yeah, I would want to put these people on a street because I'm sure not defaulting another job, right? And Hank, he could talk about anything, right? Now, Geldy, and what about little dog? No. Yeah. And man, if he's, you know, he just go on here and tell dirty stories. Yeah. Oh, he's great. It's not personal. It's business. It's just this whole idea, the whole concept. Maybe it's just being done wrong. Maybe that's the problem. But it is just the terminal when he's chronic, compulsive gamblers talking, just grow test. I mean, you're talking not just mini casting. You're talking a bunch of people you could put in a broom closet, who have any interest. And what, you know, when you consider the number of people that might be betting on that same game, you know, what's the odds and a fairly Dickinson ambassador game, huh? Seriously, how many people could even know that there are such places? Much less to be better. What's the line on the RPI? Union, New York hockey game, and then I, not anybody know? No. You could, you could fill a phone booth and have it half empty. You could have room for outgold scene in fact, Rich left over in there with the number of people who care about that. And this is the kind of crap that they call it about. Here's a mobile in Juno Beach, Chela. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Right. Yeah, I had a comment on that. There was just go game two. That's overall. I usually think of a pretty good job. I love that. I'm wrong. But you know, 100 years old, I think maybe he's lost it. I can't stand mad, but I watched, it was a pretty entertaining game. Right. It was a wonderful thing. I'm getting ready to eat dinner, and they say it's the interception green bay. So I go ahead and walk to my kitchen table. Next thing I know is a touchdown of Steve Jung, the Terrell, and the like, Roger. Not hell. They're saying there's interceptions when they're not. And there's no air. Oh, you're, you're thinking of a fumble by Jerry Ricewood, who's a fumble that the officials are getting blue because we don't have it's the replay. And so there's, oh, no, it's, you know, he had it. He was down, which he walked in the early in the game, green bay and there's a two in the stadium, it's saying up in, uh, it bounced up one guy's hand and he could agree. Right. That was the first of a series of about 10 in the road. Pat had a real streak go in there. That was about 10 in the road that he whatever happened. He voted the opposite. And yet, like there was one play where the nine has got a first down. I think it was on that same on the game winning drive. Yeah, right. Really? Apparently, you were the first down and some are also all the, they came up short and it was a look for yard fast. Yeah, right. The other question I got for you. I was at the Panther game this weekend and I made it a season. I've got to get up to, um, uh, even police play before they getting the new building. When does their last game up there? Uh, February 19th is the first game in the new building. So it's, uh, I don't have a schedule in front of me, but, you know, the middle of February. Yeah. And if I do decide to go in there, is there a problem getting tickets? No, no, no, no, the scamp and out there on, uh, on Colton Street right in front of the gardens, you get all the tickets you want. I think our guy got there and check out a game in a real place. Yeah. Where they close it. Nothing like it. All right, have a good day. Okay, have a good one, eh? Prop 50, 75, 50 WQA. The Neil Roger show. Now on five, 60 WQAF, Miami Fort Larderdale. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. He's a cartoon character on the run from the law. He's the cop. He's not to get it. When you meet lives are race against time. No, stop, not exactly game. Just one or two. the No showing the theaters everywhere It's a minute after one of five sixty wm's Jim Mandage in for the vacationing Hank Goldberg from Shulostake 2 coming up into a clock Then we got the four play for the festival starting at six the game at eight twenty its FSU and Tennessee any interest I hope not any interest. No good open line a day one and broder five six seven oh five fifty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile in highly hello Yes sir You know I'm gonna finish up by telling you what you do for me, but let's start with the guy It was Jim Everett the quarterback that Jim that wrong was talking to Then he can't wrong Chrisy and he punched him on the air He said he's probably Chris again, I'll mention he did I'll write love it and I've certainly didn't have hard enough but better luck next time No, there's only plenty of things that may not be good I think they'll see now they're all doing it on sports center, ESPN, they're all going to go to But still boring. Yeah, very I was trying to play on the holidays to see if you saw a K When you were taking a request Yeah, maybe you could do that later if you would And the other thing is I was watching the game What what received a catch of the pants for nine yards after dropping two of them He jumped up and he's yelling and he's doing all this I think you know what Neil is absolutely right They make fools of himself I think you will make a record Yeah, well, when is that going to stop? It's not Did you imagine said about all that? No, he said when he was when he was the when he was coaching he told the players when it's When it's plays over the back of the huddle or if it's change of position Get off the sidelines don't stand there don't make any issues Don't pop anybody don't don't mess with anyone And you do it again. I'll send you back on the bus in the parking lot You'll be waiting to back of it too Do you imagine how far back deep? Do you think did that to the lumbarty? Nine these baby Oh, it's unbelievable. It's got a stop though It's still going to have to stop And nine hours left If you catch a path that wins a touch that I start there wins a play Win the game that's one thing But a nine yard pass give me a break Okay, have a great day Do you see that like more than one second? Okay, we got two lines left and a board. We got fifty three minutes fifty seven minutes Well, we got a long way to go here baby It's an uphill ride from here to a clock today Now we're back to our usual post the neurosis Monday Five and then nothing in notice Nobody with a chicken soup Nobody with any assistance from my little feverish condition without the fever This clammy feeling is whatever it is going around Nobody cares that much about me They care about Rick and his god damn cold They care enough about that That brought that call about the wantons soup this morning She'd be wanting it five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Plantation hello Daniel how you doing okay Rected up in Columbus, Ohio, Ohio State And I wanted to share with you a couple things about Columbus that my any could learn from Yes, all right 1957 when people wanted to pass the tax initiative to get a new arena built in downtown Columbus Yeah, it said no 1973 they said No 1984 they said No No, yeah 1996 It's six or seven you last year two years ago They get an initial expansion scene the Columbus move jacket All right, they have a NLS soccer team that Columbus grew No On one step tax increase to build a new arena No No No No So what do they do? No Yeah Exactly, somebody said well if it's such a great idea let's finally build an arena And nationwide insurance built in arena zero tax dollars and we have our arena down two You have the nationwide insurance jambal rent the center It's just the nationwide center that's right Great And the nice thing about the car rental center It's it's down that's it doesn't it but two night two that's the same thing but one not a single tax penny on it Yeah And you're talking about Columbus so high there's people there under the age of 100 about why would you be comparing Columbus so high over this place where the median age is death Where the politicians are all a bunch of banana boat people who never met something that they couldn't steal I mean well what's the comparison Compare to your two cities and Columbus is a small hit call it's a small hit call it's good everyone thinks But there's a lot of good stuff going on over there right So I'm going out to allow to have too much good stuff going on here You don't understand it's written in the bylaws. This is a tropical depression then This is the price you pay for not having all the 20 feet of snow. This is the price you got to pay you got to make a sacrifice That's true. That's left one still down here by the snow and like the only thing we got man is the only thing we got is the weather Do we have anything under the sun besides the weather nothing else absolutely positively nothing else One thing of that one was though we're talking about it as well. Oh, you do have Doug McLean so good luck to use a heart ass Exactly well You get a like Marty's struck and we still would have Marty's struck on the passage. I'm working at God damn Doug McLean. Okay. I hope Tim Horton stops his petition drive Have a great day pal. He'll be okay There's a guy who's going to school at Ohio State our real university in a real goddamn college town and then like a real place Of course we got the hurricanes here We have two open lines in grower at 5605 60 and pump 560 on the AT&T wireless left in fact those crimes statistics that they came up with that are supposed to be weighed On they left off their hurricane the U.M. campus this year No, it was interesting piece I saw in A&E by the way with the very looking down as those kind of setting bill Curtis. I love A&E But I'm really sick of him. I've had bill Curtis until I can you know he always acts like he's lecturing to you know with a real super serious You know like I'm smart and you're dumb But they had a thing about how they're phoning up all the crimes statistics Because the chamber commerce likes it that way and and and and to make it also politically look like they're doing a great job, you know, clean up all the violent crime So they're showing all of these crimes like in Philadelphia is one place and I think Detroit was another whether just not reporting a lot of crimes that are serious crimes But they're like classifying them as not So all these crimes statistics even like in Miami where the fellow people like left and right in Liberty City Here, but it's another one there's another one It's another one It's a couple of minutes All of the crime stats are weighed down. It's really serious Yeah, right It's a much a bullcrant Not that not that politics is whatever lot of you here's Miramar hello Hey, Neil Yes Hey, Neil Collin tell you that I tried to rent that movie Uh, color to the lambs Yeah, I can't seem to find it nowhere Well, it's probably everybody's yanked it out And the people to say they don't listen to you they they're much better I'm not I'm not I'm not every time I hear that my kids love that I say that to them and it is like a big old crazy It works the lotion in the basket Yeah, different versions by the way, I have to listen very astute It works the lotion in the basket Okay, I know your kids are really sharp as a tack when they get both from the basket I think the blockbuster and I can't seem to rent it I mean they don't have it, you know, it's ours I think somebody will call in and we'll find out where we can get some for you Okay, no says you shut it by painting it totally Because it do be okay We'll clean it up We have an open line in day two and a broad word five six seven five six the palm five six the only AT&T wireless line It's eight minutes after one a QM Quaritum and say cheese This is Debbie Hello, Debbie I'm interested in getting through operations time Okay And some body contouring and some liposuction I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck And lip augmentation because many requests It's really faced with all of these things Uh-huh It does when you're in Oh, you like to start with Well, I need to get everything done Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing Okay, we don't do that No, could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done I don't know, Debbie would do the right way The lotion in the basket Uh-huh How much? Uh, 5000 Excellent I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too Uh-huh The laser surgery Uh-huh Have the limbs stop crying yet Mommy Executory Don't hurt Mommy's little baby It puts the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV Okay Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first And if I'm looking actually we can tell you that one we see you Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy Uh, if you'd like to It works the lotion in the basket Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah Okay Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee That's fine Okay Okay Um My name is Buffalo Bill Okay, let me get a little information from you Okay I'd like to know what's in the basket I understand It puts the lotion in the basket Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket Uh-huh Okay Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah What's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit in the blanket Uh-huh Bill It puts the lotion in the basket I understand that Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket Okay I will talk to you in the tram Okay It puts the lotion in the basket Hello What's your 10 to 5 60 WQM? Somebody ought to tell that asshole That representative Kennedy that peep Bulls you look alike? The Charles Kennedy that the floor Great editorial in the Sun settled by the way Oh, hey, they went over What? Representative Kennedy needs stickers Get if he's going to eat in public this story about the waitress Carol Wett, Charlie Westcott He was eating in Lakeland in the Olive Garden First of all, when you find out that this asshole Was eating in the Olive Garden Does that tell you everything you need to know about him? Yeah Yeah A man would know publicity and taste the mat Would know what personality and taste the mat And he bitched the waitress out Because he overheard or stand something If somebody else about these right wing lunatics That are trying to drum-put in that office Who will not listen to the public And he got all bent out of shape And she went over to her credit She told him right to his post what she thought And it says what happened next is unclear All the Westcott said she was fired on the spot For what management deemed her inappropriate conduct Olive Garden management denies that she was fired And said she merely was sent home to cool off And could have her job back if she wanted Kennedy reportly is requested she not be fired Now that this story is out in public And everybody sees what a real little asshole is Guy is Charles Kennedy He's an asshole He's a little piece of turd And like I said, sir, I'm eating at the Olive Garden Sir, is you right your little jerk Because anybody that would eat Olive At the Olive Garden also must love an Alise cream In fact, I'm surprised that they don't serve it Right alongside with the spaghetti Big bowl of spaghetti in a big tub of an Alise cream Right side by side, perfect match at the Olive Garden All I can say about that place is We have an open line at Broward 2 in date 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Miami, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir Oh my goodness, you did not read the Miami Harrel's sports section today Yes I did Did you see? What do I miss? Page 5D has been docked This is a first time long time, you know And this thing is so fresh That you just got to read this thing on the here So first year about what do you talking about? Read the article I could read it to you I've got it docking still interested after all these years Let's see In every adult moment, the life of former NBA Senator Gerald Dawkins who turns for you to go with AJ teens on the $7 million B.I. contract A $7 million contract, a $7 million contract worth a million dollars, but the voice three times recently filed for bankruptcy I'm not but naked or hungry, you said don't feel sorry for Daryl He's coaching now the Winnipeg Stockton and the International Basketball Association A step below the CBA in the USBL And I'm going Next, next paragraph Winnipeg is the coldest place in the world It was so cold on the greyhound, but the dog got off the side and got in the back Go on to the next one where it says I'm his coach with the sixers, sixers, Gene Chu Yeah, I don't know why Gene's not dead because we used to kill him One time I came into locker room at half time The leg coming into it and we were all smoking So I went over and I took a beer and Gene said what are you doing? I said they're smoking. I'm drinking. He'd say run weed walk. He'd say walk weed run Me if I don't like what you stand, but I drop you like in the WWE I just thought you might like that one Yeah, and then and rumors of these drugs is a player I played five years in Italy so it's perfect to tag in never took a class Can't do that if you screw it up Hey, what do you want to guys speak perfectly to tag and leave me alone Teach him the Bough on Google, okay So what was the point? Okay, date count he opened 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil, yes sir How you doing? Great I got the flu I'm dying over here Yeah, me too. I don't have the full blow I just got the half blow I got the full blow then it's not as much fun as you would think Yeah, the public service I don't know the lands is on lifestyle Saturday night. I'm going to clock They take takes. All right So old ball these you've got in lifetime life style what is lifestyle lifestyle lifestyle Lifetime whatever hell that lifetime the channel is like they're going to put that on Alex on expra on clip Hi, they're going to put you without then I'm going to put that on there. Say a cable channel in life time Talk as are in the TV guy. Well, I mean, well, we'll see. Well, so you're just getting me know they're going to cut out Doesn't matter they write they put the rating that the movie had when it was Yeah, oh really But anyway, it's something and I'm sure you're going to be able to hear him say it works the lotion in the basket So that's all you need all right. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the good news open line and draw or an all three and day five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T one of us one anybody in this crowd ever watched the lifetime that work No, not if I can help it Here's a mobile in high lea hello Hello, yes You're doing buddy great. I got a couple things for you. I first of all I forgot all about Rick and Feb this morning I didn't even listen to him. Yeah, but I'd like to put a block in my mind on that station ever since Steve came with on there I couldn't listen to it. Well, he's gone the coast is clear. He's gone. Oh, I'll listen to more of another thing I got to tell you about my experience at the Panther game on Saturday night. Yes, sir. I got a couple extra tickets So I had a brainstorm I figured hey, I'll sell him and you know right outside the arena and I'm going side Put the money in my pocket and have a good time. I'm just about ready to sell it. I'm not stopping them I'm just trying to sell him for 25 bucks a piece and some maniacs come up to me from the arena and says hey Okay, don't don't do it again. Okay, another boring story. I don't want to keep hearing these same stories It's boring don't you understand the boring police to got you Did this Thursday we had a you know the same kind of call somebody of quit scuff and tickets out there There's no scuffing allowed. This isn't Toronto. This isn't a real place. There's a goody two shoes place and they're running around out there Watching where you scratch what you sell what you just cut the crap The guy with a funny pack will come running out there the secure Mr security. He'll come on an after you which I hope you're on fast Stay in a whole way from him We have an open line in Broward two in date five six seven. I mean see that's that's just what I'm talking about It's like the gambling calls on the sports shows. It's boring sure. It's the repetition It's like everybody gets a speeding ticket call or show and tell me you got a speeding ticket. Okay You'll be on for like a less than a half a second right or get out of here Terminal I'd rather sit here and like play mumbling pigs with myself than hear anymore these goddamn stories about people trying to scuff to get Stop scouting okay leave that to the goddamn Indians There's a mobile in Naples hello. Hey, yes, sir. How you doing great? I'm a transplant from Boca to Naples. I love that's an uphill move or downhill move. Well how long you been there? 10 months and and I love it Yeah, what's not to like? Not a nice place. Okay. I wanted to tell you I'd try to call Friday Cedentary and I could not get through because everybody wanted to suck around for the ticket couldn't get you on Friday I make what I'm here on Friday. Thursday. Thursday or Wednesday Everybody want to hear on Friday. I noticed we're driving over to hockey game Friday morning And they were playing a best of tape with somebody by the tummy about that I'm talking to the air because I'm talking to the way It was when you were given away your club seat right for the dolphin game I get through and as soon as I give anything away, but you won't hear that again for a long time I don't know one time today. I get through with one thing. Right. Oh, yeah, there's a there We have plenty of open lines here. No problem. There you have it. And I'll give you a little partying a sound to the lands for those people who can't find the tape You know it puts the lotion on its legs or it gets the hose of the dead Right. Excellent. Very good. Oh, that's beauty. That's right. I forgot in that line. That's the best Oh, that was a good reading too. Nice job, sir Dave County, like the guy said all three lines in data wide open air wherever the hello is lines go to mobile Naples and mobiles for Myers got only knows Uranus 5675 60 and pop five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Weston hello Western. Yes, sir. I went to the game on Saturday and I go to like almost like every other game out there for the Panthers. Yes Why don't they ever show anything on them nice screens? They got accepted for people in the crowd. You know, why can't they show any of Like I mean the out of town score or something that might be informative. Oh, like We play. Yeah, like penalties or anything. I mean it's just it's real joke because the people that are running the joint aren't hockey people That's very obvious and we would be able to see the goal lights when a goal is scored and you know, you can keep repeating the same thing every day But it's like the guy to call the body's so scamping to get it's boring nothing is ever going to be done there because the organization Doesn't care about the fans number one and the people who are running the joint whether it's the sunrise or whoever is in charge of that place They know nothing from what's going on in there. Is that why you said going huh? Is that why you said going I didn't stop going. I was just out of town I wasn't here. I haven't stopped. Why would I stop going? You think I'm going to stop going just because they got a bunch of pain in the ass people in front of me that keep bringing in 20 kids from the neighborhood and sitting Come on there laughing holding him up in a year while a game is on you think that's enough to make me stop going No In your lifetime your worst nightmare. I mean you could look around the whole guy in there's 19,000 to a hundred people in that joint when the place is packed in many nights It is and everybody sitting in their seat like do the flee a sitting on their ass and the only place in the joint is section 101 through all front of me and they're holding them up and they're jumping up and down like a goddamn wupple stills can like a Mexican jumping being First there were two kids then there was four god only knows how many this is going to be for that leap game a week from Wednesday They probably have the whole goddamn neighborhood a kid in there Here's a mobile in on the alley hello And he just grabbed up like I said call us back open line at Broward all 500 in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's Bokeh hello Hi Neil how are you okay sir? I don't know if this is come up yet. I was in seven eleven and okay yesterday glazen second Avenue My girlfriend out of creating excuse me my wife out of craving for a slurpee and I'm standing in line there and I look up at the old TV monitor and there you are WQAM Neil Rogers. Yeah, somebody called me about that last week and I guess the seven eleven Who's ever in charge of putting that stuff in the seven eleven they did it after I first came here and they were naive enough to believe that if they did it that this station would pay for the promotion to keep doing that And of course they didn't so we'll take all the free promotion we can get well it must have been updated because at the bottom it says in a little quote It puts the lotion in the bath all right. I love it. I said Neil's getting it that maybe the director's society at seven eleven, but you're getting Commission duty take care of your house. Okay, the Dow is only up 58 points and as the accept 26 all these tech people man. I can't stand them Can you imagine and these is Amazon dot comes like 340 bucks a share or some ridiculous amount all of the people of the tech stocks We won't hear from them because they're all wealthy and retired buying islands and planets and stuff now But the Dow which was up 160 seven or something like that but we're glad they'll give you all the information on that tomorrow morning I have more fear In fact, I'm gonna I'm gonna call up Rick after the show when I go home today and have a little investment discussion with him See if he can't take your all my finances for me Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal hello Hey, are you doing that movie sounds to the rams still not filmed up in Perry, office where I was from in where skinny artists Perry,apolis and Pittsburgh. Yeah, right outside of Pittsburgh. Yeah, never heard the house looks really pretty outside Yeah, it's one of us in now. Okay. Thank you. It was the lotion in the bath. What did I say was filled in the keysport? I think that's what he just said something like that We have an open line at drower two in day the audience is very very automaterial the day five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Here's coral gables. Hello, yes, sir. I got a great story for you. Yeah, went to a Jewish wedding And they told me I had to put a Yamaha on you know, oh, yeah, you had to drive in on a Yamaha right? So I refused to put it on drive it on the Harley the kick your answer Have to go in if you can't go in unless you have one on so it was an Orthodox Jewish wedding, but I don't know why that could We're the lip and lip and so I'm listening I stuck it on and they have a term when everything's done. Yeah, and then the other I think this is your research and spec. No, it didn't sick that so then they're serving orders and everything's going on and the door flies open and I look in the temple and there's guys cooked Fishing cards of food no Yamaha's on All the way to the blanket or going down the aisle way Trade the food everyone's running around waiting wait for this, you know, I don't know what's going on What's up with that? What does that mean? They don't know what's going on. What are you talking about? The cooks didn't have to wait Yamaha Of course not because when it comes don't you understand it was a Jewish thing when the food is involved then all of a sudden they you know don't care anymore And then they were pushing it right place the bacon going down the aisle way right Jama's on the shoulders would be okay. I'd be at a good time. Oh my god so week so very very week It should have to make me feel like I have palsy the fact that I came in this morning already felt we have an open line in Broward two in date five six seven Oh five six seven five sixty time that's right. You got to start talking a lot more Jewish now, okay Start talking about her phoning your family who's acting commands like I felt real bad Oh, she is I did I get the willy. You just thinking about the fact that she could possibly be on the air And what makes me get the willy's even worse is knowing that someday at home she might call me again But at least I got my collar ID. Oh Good gravy. Where do these people come from? 127 at five sixty w q and I can't help Hey kids are you tired of that neighborhood boys? Yes, don't worry lunch money. I shut up kid and tell you a month to hold the mail next time next time. Next time fight back. But he's bigger than me. No, no, no, just tell mom next time She hits the candy aisle at the grocery store pick up a pack of new shukab candy bars Yes, it's a new candy bar made entirely from recycled coldung guarantee to turn your stomach So next time all right kids give me a lunch. No, no, please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do please don't eat my candy bars Hey Ah, this tastes like shopping. So you want my lunch tomorrow too We got a lunch. You got a little lunch when you take a bite of that check-a-car All right, 130 if five sixty w qm jim man is coming along at two the afternoon Yeah, hammer and hand go burden hand sound vacation manage will be over there at your list. I too. I'm sure I'm sure you know Filling the usual void that hand quickly there as far as eating the food And then we got to pre-game short six o'clock because tonight is the fee-estable ready for another bowl game low F. You would tell I have to yeah, I mean and whatever it is Tennessee low Tennessee and Knoxville Here's a lady in tempered finds hello. Hi, man. You're sorry. Hi. This is exactly on the surface. Just a little way. I know it's hard. You're pushing to have the good quality on the take place tomorrow, right? Rick Riley to take the place of the worst team. No, we grow on the end sud. Yeah. Come on. But let me say this. I'm an avid listener. I'm stuck in the habit of eating two for as long as you're here. Gamma. Yeah. Yeah. One thing. I know you you're team player and important to have people that shot people I think you checked for lower class than you do now. It's terrible and I swear. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? What language do you be speaking? I'm sorry. I'm on the you're talking too fast. I can't be following you, man. Okay. I'm sorry. There you go. Good Riley has made the remarks. Yes. Oh, we arrived town and he made the remarks. Maybe the interviewer problems in the country knows to give everybody black and white, you know, a sort of a thousand dollars. Everybody that is except the shoes. Go say that all the money and they can pull everything. And, etc. What's your point? Well, I already you didn't push him for the club job. We're not pushing Rick Riley. We want Mike Renuri not Rick Ryan. Oh, I thought you pushed him. Hey, I would push him off the elevator unless you don't go because it just it's not I can't take it. I could spare it. Are you saying that Rick Riley is anti-submitted? What you saying? You get to a lot if he didn't. What she says is a fact if I do a job spot. Yeah. No, no, like George has a guy clears the call. Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, Andy, I'm always. Andy, you will say him. It's just something not nice. And then Andy, Andy, Andy. What? Of course Rick will say, oh, you think I saw somebody. You're talking, I'm going to write. I'm going to mark that down as a matter of fact. I'm going to take it up on our table. I'm going to go over to Jewish. I'm serious. He really is. He's got to get out of the way. I already got Steve Ken on here. We don't need any more anti-submitted remarks on here in this time. Yeah, well, that's true. He was sure he wasn't anything to brag about. That's probably Mike Renuri and I used to always boy to be on mornings on this show. No, but I'm telling you the truth. I was actually swear on anything. I believe you. I believe it. If you look up the phrase, I'm pushing the gullian edition of Rea, see if I was pushing it to it. And it's safe. But it's the Jewish season. Say it's the death of the Jewish series. Okay, that's all. That's not going to happen. Happy form. Get out of here. There's your audience, Rick. Oh, we have an open line of day one in Bret, oh, it's my audience. One in Broward. 567560 and Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. It's Mike Renuri going to be doing mornings on this station. No. It's Rick Rally going to be doing mornings on this station. No. Are we searching desperately for a replacement here's a mobile in the alley, huh? I do. I do. I do. I do. I'm great. I've just arrived over here today, county. It's a scary place. I don't live here anymore. I got a question for you. Hey, nobody's alive and dating anymore. I've had to last couple of weeks. Yeah, here about that is. I guess there's a problem. I think they bust all those Jet Bush people for that big rally over the weekend. They bust them all in from the Slogress. Well, I got a complaint, but it's not to reduce. Yeah. If you buddy and the West Coast ambassador. Oh, I haven't read they fell. Boring. No, no. See what I'm seeing? One dimension, a light. And I'm living up to my New Year's resolution. I think I would have scop in the ticket and this guy as soon as you mentioned Bob Lasseter. Bye. Not interested. He's not on the air here. It's like the renewing thing. And I'll make my point is much of a nice guy as he wasn't his own bizarre anti-social way. Never stole a freight train or a caboose. The fact is Tom Jick away, like 90% of a whole column here about him that if there's anybody really care about Mike Ranier in this market anymore. No, that's the point. And certainly Bob Lasseter who was on here for about 10 minutes. It was a big blob of fat, British piece of turd that anybody even began to even know who he is. No, much less care. God, you folks, I hate to break the news to you. Okay. This is where it's at. It isn't much, but this is the metropolis in this state. As much of a laughing matter is that maybe this is the major metropolis in this penis, although that hangs down from the right to the country. The rest of it man, forget it. You pour bastards over there for miles. You have my condolences. Okay. I understand you're locked in here and they won't let you out. I understand the way it works. You're like on the day release or whatever the hell that thing is. And they got those chains locked to your ankles. And this guy and the Tampa and St. Pete and Clearwater and Orlando. I mean, this state from it's horrendous and for here. But the rest of the state is a joke. They don't even pick their nose. Oh, by the way, Aaron, forgetl. I love Aaron, forgetl. Okay. And spinal care fees win. Cause nobody is. He sings the national anthem at the car right at the center. And I like Aaron, forgetl. That's a great job. Got a great voice. Never stole a caboose. But Aaron, you know, they show you a very unflattering angle on the big scoreboard with you. And you're sick of the star spangled banner and Aaron had a big booger in his. Yeah, what? So if the Carolina game before the game, he had a big hanger there in his left nostril. Aaron, I'm just suggesting this before the least game away from Wednesday. You might want to win and doubt clean it out. Okay. Check the nostrils before. But because they show him from underneath. Everybody looks kind of like patoon your pig when you look at like under the nose. So they had this real unflattering angle. A lot that he's that could, you know, there's not not too much you can do his fat and he's a big old guy. But he's a great. So he does a good job. So when it's out. Oh, the blow them out. I just snotted all over myself. Look at that. Well, I thought maybe there was a solid one in there. Okay. Who doesn't like to know seriously when you got like bed flu? And I'm the only one who's going to tell you this because everybody else thinks it's gross. There's nothing like putting your hand over one nostril. Of course, you want to make sure where it goes. You want to keep track because there's nothing worse than it winds up on your arm and you don't know it. And then you walk it around to people are like looking at it. Oh, geez. I got a big glob of vust not there in my room. I'm talking about solid like a chunk. Everybody, let's get rid of those goddamn chunks. Well, listen there. You know how clean my clear mind nostrils are? What? Okay. Let's try the other one. Oh, geez. Oh, not as clear. Damn it. Oh, no. God. Oh. Oh. Oh, well. I said Aaron, good luck to you. You'll need it. Oh. Here's my email. They've related happy anniversary and happy to be here. Thank you so much. I wanted to tell you. Please sign your name on the label. I said whatever they saw whatever those books say. Oh, yeah. I just want to tell you don't have the market cornered on assholes in the arena. Yeah. We're in one of two right at the next of the tunnel. The last two seats. Right. Right. The road behind us. The first full row over the tunnel. First four seats. It's always two parents and two like five and three year old kids. Yeah. The whole time can you don't think this can me do that. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. I can't see it. It's the whole time about 10 minutes in. My wife turned around. The lightly asked the lady. A sweet and chic to be. Please don't let her do that. You see these people where they're a little punky kid. They think it's cute. They think that all the rest of us are supposed to be seen there. Oh, isn't that cute? But you know something after the first 500 minutes of it, it gets a little bit ponderous. Yeah. Especially when you're trying to look through them and enjoy whatever the hell might be going out there. That somebody paid for a ticket for you to see. And I can't figure out these. The four seats, which are season ticket, what, 57 bucks a piece. Right. Who has that kind of money to buy tickets for three and five year old kids? And they're there. The woman was soaked. And we are you saying that they have their own seats? We have four seats. Seekers and all. Unless there are other people as shown. With I share the tickets. I'm not there. Yeah. But see the people in my thing. Their their kids are under whatever the limited. They're little kids, little tiny kids. And as a result, they don't have they didn't buy them seats. They bring them in and they shoot them on their left. And they hold them up in the year. And they keep, you know, adjusting and holding them higher in the year. Like right in front of my face. So you can't see if your life depended on it. You can't see what's going on in the ice. That was these guys. And the people think it's funny. They think I'm kidding. They think it's amusing. I'm not kidding. It's not funny. It's not amusing. And I'm not going to tolerate it. One more goddamn time. I'm going to have your asses kicked out of there. That's all. And actually we try to tell them that people next to them is a couple that bring, I was wondering how they got the kid into a today's one. Because the next couple over have a kid which they hold up. But at least they're behind us. Yeah. And the whole thing to this one. The solution was she swapped seats with the kid. So instead of the kid being behind my wife, she's behind my chair and ticked my chair. Oh, kicking in the back of you. That's always closed. Now the whole time. And today finally left in the third period. And some more of your pals came down from the news. They were talking. They must have been about 21. One of them had a fear. They were like five of them. Yeah. Those sit near yellow on the screen. The games over. And they're just wait till where they'll watch off the ice. And they're going to take great game. This is the thing. I'm just going to tell you. These ice pedal either. That's your turn to game around. And they're screaming at a game. Yeah. And I want to say, you have to use the game. You have it. And I just don't believe it. These were all of the favorite people came and descended on us. Some of them moved over from the older arena. We had one of the set to get behind this whole time. Kick in and kick in the same thing. My wife asked them nicely. And their response was, well, this was happening to the second period. She's been doing it the whole game. Which is the problem. Yeah. Yeah. Why did you wait till now? Why did you bother you so much? I don't know. I'm going to do it. I'm going to get Joe Rose's brother and law in there for the next game. And we'll take your both sections. We have an open line of day one at Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T line. 140, one of Q&A news. It's just these guys. Nick and Stubs and whatever they had get it. And the people I call in, they're just like them. Like that they were on the, what a court. The lead. They're now high. And they're going to be like, you know, what the court, the lead, the nail high. And I mean it's terrible. Today, we need a microphone to admire by college campus. We're doing some anonymous testimonials. The York Feet smell. Yeah. I mean, do they really wreak? Yeah. I'm talking to are they the smelliest thing in your entire house, including your just used bathroom toilet after a big bean burrito dinner. Yes. So it's safe to say that your feet smell so bad. You could even use two year old rotten cheese as a foot the order. You really started to piss me off your buddy. Well, don't get mad. Not just yet because Dr. Schmo has developed something new for disgustingly grotesque people just like you. Hey, screw you pal. Excuse me, ma'am. The York Feet smell worse than the inside of your butt crack after you've been faster. The new foot product from Dr. Schmo. You know you need it. Even if you're a few stood mid, that you're smelly, disgusting embarrassment of a person to be around with the sex appeal of a, oh, sorry. Okay, you're welcome. 145 and 560 WCM. Here's a great fact. Did you read this from the girl? Yes. It says there's a lot of a spangs here in coconut grove meal, but at least we look pretty damn good. And we don't have to buy. Thank you. Why don't you just find something to admit that your John's sugar daddy, you fat old queen. Oh, my God. That is this is one of the most amusing and humorous. And I have no life kind of facts that I've ever read my life. First of all, I don't buy. Second of all, John is my or anybody else is sugar daddy. But if that's, you know, if you're writing a little book like the guy with a fat bag, the, you know, my guess, that's, that's a good cover up and excuse for the fact, because obviously this is somebody who doesn't, for the fact that in the grove, we had the big, oh, not the kind of thing it about either. No support in the grove, even though it's for a center one. 155,000, almost 156,000 this year. Oh, they help with those silly posing queens in the grove. Here's another fact that says, Hi Neil, I'm back in school. I don't have to answer the list of very much you're calling. Thanks for keeping me laughing during the holidays in response to your written suds poll. I would mother, mother, much rather listen to Rick talk about computers in the stock market. I'll all both topics make me turn off the video because they're both as boring as hell. I just want Rick and suds to be goofy. Make me laugh. Nobody cares about the other boring stuff, sir. There you go. So since you're my suds to be funny and goofy, I've worked just to sit there and dumb me up a little bit and take the money. Huh? That's the way we like to show. And by the way, I know this book of Ryan is doing. He does look a lot like times. Yeah. Better here do though. Here's the Oakland Park. Hello. That's New Neil has the New Year. Thank you. Hey on that Rick and suds now, they put that in if the five grand I'll jump on that thing. Okay. But that five grand per person? Mm-hmm. All right. That lady it called earlier was she did it with that for real? Yes. She was hyped. Listen on the hockey now. I take my kids to the game and they stand up. Everybody has a good time. I don't know what the big problem is here. How old are your kids? I've got one in the four and one seven. And what do they stand up and what is the problem? They're jumping around. They're having a good time. You know, they're into the, they don't want to help going on. But they're there. They're having a good time. Are there other people who should be behind you? Yeah. They get pissed off. They have to deal with it. It's part of life. Oh, is it really? Yeah. In other words, the other people have to sit behind you. They pay their tickets to go see the game. If they have to watch your little kid's addicts and tough crap is what you're saying. Oh, yeah. You got to deal with it. No, you don't have to deal with it. No, you don't have to deal with it. Sure, you don't have to deal with it. You don't have to deal with it. We are dealing with considering, relative to doing what I just said. Or, you bought the Amazon River Trust. People will be looking for them to do everything you know that you five six seven, five six six five six eight Eight six eight ten times. There's not time to put that up. We used people trying to do it over and yeah. That's the definitive call whether it's on a highway, whether it's the Metro Rina, whether it's anywhere you go Hey, we don't give a crap, but that word, you know you'll just have to put up with it because this is Florida Consideration and you know any anything other than the rude way we didn't know from that here. Do we? No, that was lovely That was beautiful. Okay. What did you say he's the what he said? He's an asshole. That's what I thought he said Here's Hollywood. Hello Yeah, yes, sir. Oh, yeah, that's around about these jerks. Yeah people listen these times the guy I went to the hockey game See the game not too long over the last one that we just said everything was And I'm there. I'm gonna be up for that and it's not the kids It's the adults are must have been this guy because every kid at the end just for a third of a minute was up You know for the period to be over and the announcer would say one minute right Let's pull that thing out the belt and the two is 30 in the guy and that a kid they job Hey, how much turns left in the period and then he would say it never go Oh They're coming around and they're coming up around and going one of bunch of boring And people Oh You know what I said that's like hey ref you suck you're like like that one game I think was the islander game we pull a guy down a coulda bit of penalty shot of very clear We got lucky only call the two-meter hooking penalty on the panties And so obvious that even a blind man could have seen it and what's the response from the crowd? Hey ref you suck one dimensional sad bunch baby a sad bunch It's it's very bush league. I you know I I went to a game one a couple games in the old you have been My Amirina And this is the first time I went to this one and then I said and this is in this is Neil Right, the I'm not even over doing it Oh, I'm coming back to all the way there Oh, I saw for myself And I got man this is like the wringling brother circus came early, you know the atmosphere and the old joint even though there was still some of the same problems But nevertheless it was a hundred times better than it is in this new white elephant It's a nice arena of what it's like a big babysitting ring I think right there you go now we're catching Wains in the kid business All right, now what's that? Okay Baby business okay just bring all your little bratty kids and buy them a lot of food We know have a big smile on his post because as far as the rest of it you don't care anymore. You just want your god damn money We already knew that 150 ten minutes still to a five 60 WQM the year end scores are written from the people who are the real experts the real Mavans on cigars the publishers of cigar office you not oh who published their cigar insider And every year at the end of the year they come up with a listing of the best cigars not just in the country But the best cigars in the world in the universe and this year the only company the only cigar manufacturer that came up with five on at least Next cigars right down here in Miami nice going there next Like a little 16 year You want to pay a maniac down there that's right, which means the next court is well if not better than some of the most expensive and best known names in a world Like Kojiba and money crystal and old-pisex and look Gloria Kubana and locked up his honest list that I'm sure to recognize right away But guess what the good news is that at a fraction of the price you pay for those you get a fantastic great cigar from our friends in the mix because they're the manufacturer They pass on factory direct pricing to you and of course when you go down the next Don't show you a little guided tour the whole operation and then you really understand all the work and love and tear the goes in to make an each and every one of these great cigars Including their fantastic new Perdomo reserve that also made that top 25 list. It is out of this world every that food the Wednesday including tomorrow You go down next mention the aridious center you get 10% discount off everything you buy Not just the guards, but he would or is not other accessories to next cigar 71 level less Vladimir one mile east of the palm middle or column 305 266 9907 even the expert degree the best of the world you can pop in your post is waiting for you at next to guards Six on the law plus This is five sixy 2 a.m Okay, so book of Ryanus here. He said Rick Rally sucks is what he said and then also still my briefcase and he's a religious fanatic and it's all a fool Yeah, nevertheless you were listening Yeah, I say so he was listening. I think like that. He said they suck but he's Oh, look at that. Thank you. You said that the Rick sucks. He didn't say sudsuck Okay, where we go let's do Miami. Hello No, yes, sir I love a contest but I didn't hear him this morning Well, you'll hear him tomorrow morning, sir. Oh definitely. I'm gonna be knocking on you door to find out why I heard you mentioned a once on forgot I'm gonna put them over the top Good to be on the street I've been here. Thank you. Have you poured it? Any kid under 10 every time Panther school or a goal they get thrown onto the ice like you'll rat you soon. song good. Hey, Did you ever notice how Buffalo bill thing and they do work rabbit or like you may mention that? Yeah, because it's the same guys a bit. I think people all came show it works the lotion in the basket Get too many hungry bitches. One doesn't care some guys wearing a suit of body parts and a long she gets a hundred bucks Right the other one doesn't care that a rabbit will get killed as long as they pay over 50 bucks right That's it. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Very first vacation. She's on top of it. Here's a mobile in crossbrings. Hello Hey, Neil. How are you? Great. I was at the game with dice to two thousand fun of you. I knew that you were gonna freak out I just got in the car Yeah, you're 100% right. I mean four people four kids four chairs that gave people in four chairs right We're taking an in addition to which they don't sit like in their own seats They just pick and choose and move around and if somebody departs for a little while Then the grandpa moves down there with one or two the kid into the seat and the road and for them and then when the people come back They're right away so now they have to get up and hold the kid up and hear it and the meantime Guess what there's a game going on out there Totally oblivious the rudest act. I have ever seen in my life bar none Yeah, I mean I went up to go to the restroom. I come back and just meet a hairy I thought he's not even in his own rope. Yeah, but I yeah