Thanks Rities 5. Noidenars or doubles in. 5... 6... Flood Stripero.angeers. We've run past group. Now, it's your vehicle run. On Sports Radio 560 QAM. What the freaking crap is running, Ron? We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. Oh, God be on the end. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. We're running. On eat包. Our myth billionaire Northigoy Windyaen. And I'll kill jump but you don't wipe off.. ...there's now just Umdi talk about it. I wonder if we'll not be okay. No утresses, the wheel doesn't jeopardize the burn. Don't damn February. In every rally there's stop yeah I'll par race. Up I can use you to have your I think. Well hell yeah it's time for you know. I'm like, he used to throw the studs on you. Well, say hello, he knows. I'm playing care of the bird. Like a care of women. I'm a beefy old man, man. I'm a rake. Here's a re-bomb of kids all. In the demo, they're laying high at best all. You're all run, with your little scoops, you're all confused. And I have them in New York, so change. You go high, run in Illinois. You're a rakey, man. I'm such a freaking, bad Democrat. Get rid of the lock in the hall. Actually, I'm a rakey, I'm a rakey. Get rid of the car. I don't know. Well, so I won't have an opponent who likes big twists. It's 10.02 at 5.60 WQM, happy Tuesday, too. I got to feel better today. I got a little bit of sleep. And I fought off that cold, nice, cold, by the way, for an old fart. I was going to get the sore throat and the all that stuff that goes along with it. Then I thought to myself, I'm going to do this with the 10th, which is payday. And that big bonus check ought to be in there. Better be in there, might be in there. I wouldn't be surprised if right now somebody in this building is running up and down. I got to tell you a great story before we do anything today. This is the epitome of the beastly people. I don't want to tell you who told me this because he needs the job. He needs work badly. But so one of our people here in the building went to office depot to get a few supply. If you office supplies, you know, a couple of yellow pads, so maybe George can write down all those things here for the phone company. And whatever else goes on in this joint. And among the things that he bought was a mouse pad, a mouse pad for a dollar 58. Now I'm not making this story up by the way. These are the beastly people over there in Naples with all of that money that they got from K-Earth and the Webto-Helley sold in LA. All these millions and millions and millions that they're paid to John Henry and we have pink on that nobody around here can get. Which is why people continue to get he paid whenever they feel like it. And that guy's probably committed suicide already up there and bring more new jersey. The guy from the Philly's Mollon series like way back in April whenever it had a less. So anyway, the guy brings back the receipts. He has bought among all these other things, you know, pencils and whatever. He has bought a mouse pad for a dollar 58. The water not see you of course run this place with an iron fist. Take a look at the invoice and say, I'll have a good that again. We got a lot to notice about here. Don't ever do that again. A mouse pad for a dollar 58. Now of course, if we didn't know, we had to talk to our good friend Joe Resolid Roth office to apply. Joe would have been glad to sit over our bunch of mouse pad. I'm sure absolutely free. Am I right? Absolutely correct. So we're going to say the beastly's a buck 58. This is not a story that I manufacture. This isn't the old just going a little bit over the old exaggerating to try to Embellish it and make it sound like the cheaper than they really are. They are. In fact, somebody else in the building was telling me this morning that many is a time. In the period of time that he's been working here, that on pay day, they're given the check early, like, you know, 10 30 to more another clock, but they'll say, Don't cash it till after two. Don't take it to the bank till after two o'clock. How many times have I told that? I've said that a million times and people in the audience are like, oh yeah, that nearly so funny makes up these great stories. Cheap. How can you operate a multi a million dollar operation? And not be able to buy a mouse pad for $1.50. That would have under that again. Like Brad, over a Tony said to J.P. Don't ever give an order like that again. That's right. Unbelievable. Baby, but only in his joint. So how's that check on the Nury? I bet you're sitting there somewhere. They're working on it. And see, they like the fact that I can't get out of here till after two because I can't get to the bank. Till two. Maybe I'll just have a courier from now on. I'll bring a courier with me and he'll slut through the bank and deposit it like right at 1015. Just to make a meal perinoid. Oh, it's no good. It's no. Oh, man. Now what tell us this? Another gem from Mike Mayo. Shockwave. The Marlins haven't drawn flaws. What is it he's saying? Hernandez torture. I don't get this. It's something about a Michael Mayo column. And his columns are a joke. He had a column yesterday when he was trying to say something. About this lady, Mr. didn't say anything. All over the place got like beef. I mean, yes, no, and maybe equivocating. And I still don't understand some of the stuff that's going on in this radio station. Just like in Greg Co. Texas, any other column. This man had no column at all today. You can always tell my sportswear. He's got no column. He does these like bullet points. You know, these little, oh, yeah, all these random thoughts. That means he's got no column. Nothing to say. And the only one that's even mildly interesting and very annoying and nauseating and totally unacceptable. Is he says of John Henry six preferred sites for his new Marlon's ballpark. I'd prefer the one in a revitalized downtown Fort L'Ordreda. He says that with a straight post. And that's it. Well, you know, something Greg, nobody gives a rat sauce, which one you'd prefer. And the point is, again, not which one does anybody prefer. But are we going to give the taxpayers money to do it? Oh, no, that's the issue. I like I started to say, I don't understand some of the people on this radio station on the one hand. Oh, no, this isn't going to happen. There's no way the publisher built money for built stains for engineers. And on the other hand, well, what's one of you? I kind of think it's a good idea to put it over here like in your window. And that would give this spot for it. I mean, I realize it's still, I mean, even though we're aging toward that football business and they even had an exhibition that's game on last night. Did I watch that game? Oh, no. The Cleveland Browns. Isn't it amazing? They can take people, put them in a uniform and say, okay, like Mandrake the Meditian with a magic one. Proof. Now you're the Cleveland Browns, you know? Same uniform, same city, same colors on the uniforms. Is anybody know who these guys are? Oh, of course not. But we reinvented the Cleveland Browns. At least we're starting the edge toward that, so maybe there's a little bit of something to talk about, although it's termally boring for the sports people, but nevertheless. So let's talk about China with that stadium thing. In fact, I got the greatest facts which I'm going to read from Esther. Leave it to a woman. Leave it to a lady, a real lady. And then, of course, Fred Grimm, you know something I got ahead is Fred Grimm. And that's who why is it here? We've actually had a couple of columns in the local newspapers, even in the hero lately that made some sense. How about Carl Heissin? Let's tip our hat to Carl Heissin for the great column in the hero. The sun, even before the election, when everybody said, no. For that guy, damn penny sales tax. I was going Carl. Now you can go back to write about the manatees, the coast is clear. Well, let's you know what to write another serious column. And a few months when his tax income comes on about the stadium. So Fred Grimm, I should read column, take him out of the ballpark about me. We're Harry Penis, a Venus from Lamar's. I mean, from David. And it's a great column. Going to get that too. Mayor, get leave it to Harry Penis. There is a guy who's got some balls. When John Henry listed that as one of the, well, you know, expect, listed him as one of the places where they wanted to build a stadium. He immediately said, no. Thank you. Build up some place else if you're going to build it not out here. We like the woods and the trees and we like the rules stuff out here. We don't want any party or guy to stay here in David. Nice girl on Mayor, Penis. All right. So we got that stuff. We got all kinds of crap here today. And of course, I'll be reading through the about talking about it. As soon as that check comes in. The judges is my lover. Well, congratulations. Get a light. And a thing is to see it long long time. But both my bike will only once in just never finish. And the only stuff that I don't know, no, no. Longing for the game. I'm gonna be one of them dying. It's the bucket. I'm going to wear all the pads on the top. Go on. And we'll take a summer that we want them dying. No. And we'll take a summer let me wear that. Eventually, I'll take a summer that plugs in here today from the south. He's got some very happy duty stuff. And I'll do all that for Sanchez stuff. 1013 to 5.60 WQM. So here's a great fact. And this is the great way to start the morning. Thank you, S.A.D., like I said. Leave it to a lady to put her thumb on it. Dear Mr. Rogers. I listen to your program that April was unable to call. Thank you for trying to shake people up on it. It is so very necessary. You're right, Esther. When it is out, check them out. I've written letter to the son. It'll probably won't be pointed but it goes like this. Bring the ballpark to Broward, I think not. Why did the Marlombs even lose stadium when they can't put behind in the seats now? Mr. Henry statement about what baseball means to families and communities is nonsense. Baseball doesn't mean anything to families and communities except for another silly way to spend our tax dollars and the tax dollars at tourists that could be spent on more appropriate things on all these things. I guarantee you that no one will suffer if baseball isn't played in South Florida. You're at a tourist state that things fell apart for the Marlombs largely for lack of a suitable stadium. The Marlombs fell apart when Wayne had ping-a, water championship season, then raped the team of its value and the fans of their spirit. Yes, power leaders need to run but not from the negotiating table. They need to run away from John Henry and his very, very expensive grand vision. So many of $400 million a day and it's all he wants. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. You also said that John Henry has made a dramatic financial concession by stating that he only wants to break even. Well, if Mr. Henry wants to remake a dramatic financial concession, let him dig deep into his own pockets and it was deep, deep pockets, not ours. I must be crazy. I must be not. Nice going, Esther. Well said, couldn't have said it better myself right on target. Let this billionaire stick his fingers all the way down there and probably come up empty. Probably not nothing in there. With his 165 foot yacht that he's dittled around in June, I will ask him our role is burning and he had a big promotion yesterday. Oh, come on to see Levi. Levi on his back. Yeah. And yeah, I turned it on just in time to see them hit the home run that tied in the same celebrating in the ninth inning after the win of meaningless game. But Levi on in the meantime had him nailed head and shot out there for seven innings. And you know something that anybody here? Oh, not a bit. There weren't 10,000 and some again was the list of attendance. If there were 10,000 people in there, my name is John Foster Dolas, okay? My name is Avacrabian Bich. I'm 10,000 people in my ass. Maybe there was like 4,500 people in there at the max. And then when they finally tied the game up there and he did it with a grand slam all month, all of a sudden you take a look around the ballpark. There may be 15, 15, maybe 15 people, that's 1500. There was nobody there. It was a ghost town. And that's because they don't have a suitable stadium. You know, I'm going to tell you something. It just amazes me. And especially to watch the irresponsible baches in the newspapers this town, who keep writing these grotesque crazy editor of the newspaper, there must be something in a water with the irrelevant son, they can't be that stupid. Could they? Jesus. Talk about irresponsible. Oh, yes, it means so much to the quality of life. I would like to know, please tell me, please somebody, tell me how the quality of life has changed in the last seven years from the way it was before. We had made to leave baseball in South Florida to the way it is now. I would like somebody to inform me how the quality of life has changed. In fact, here's an even better way to phrase it. Is it safer? Is it better? Is it improved now better than it was seven years ago to live here? No, no. I don't think so. Oh, and by the way, since that election couple of weeks ago, are people still able to drive out there? Oh, yeah. Are they having nervous breakdowns at the total classes? Oh, no. Everything's back the way it was. And somehow people were fumbling our way through. Not driving too well. How about those things about those kids in that crash? The more you read about that, the more you're the more nauseous you get, the more you might get in your hands and these and puke your guts out. But it isn't just the kids. It's all so many of these people down here. Irresponsible people behind two thousand pound weapons. Crazy people. I'm coming to work again this morning. I could write a book just about my trip to work at home every day. Seriously, I could write a book as big as war and pieces. Because every single day, there are a bunch of you idiots out there. You haven't got any idea what you're doing. You're coming from around the stadium there on Ivory Road. You head east here toward where we are. And as you're getting under the overpass there, which number one is always cops there with radar guns at number two, the speed limit is there is three, five and number three. You're approaching a school zone and just a few yards beyond that. And you start slowing down or right away these invisels behind you come barreling up on your ass and like, what's wrong with you, man? What are you going so slow for idiots? You're going to pick up all ages, shapes, descriptions, races, black, purple, yellow, white imbicels. And then you get to the school zone where it says there, you know, 15 miles an hour and a big flashing yellow lights like slow down, you ask, holders a bunch of little kids crossing the street ahead. And you hit the break to slow it out of 15. That's like, it's a miracle. They don't run your ass right over. You're looking at that review mirror, just praying that this imbicill behind you gets to come through his senses and they're right up on your goddamn ass. Right on your back, oh yeah. Crazy people. I think it's about time that we just started clearing the road from the crazy people and then we wouldn't have to build the roads and more tools and all that. Just get the irresponsible assholes off the road down here. I would say if every 10 people driving out there right now is on the speaking at least three of them should be scraped right off the road and probably someday we'll have to be or somebody will be because of them because of their total inability to get with it. Crazy people. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, near the morning, I know. When is this? Yes, last night I went to the morning game because my son loved baseball. Yeah. Totally in attendance, I have to say at least 4700. 4700 and probably at time to count the whole, all the heads. I know. And the other thing is, I think John Henry, I mean, should get on his knees and blow Howard's turn because that apple is an oldie doing. Yeah. He's wasted on my crazy. I must be nuts. I'm saying exactly. Yeah. And I have to move out gold for the other way first. I know. And let me say one more thing about the crazy drivers. Oh man, you're totally right. They're a bunch of asshole. Okay, thank you. Thank you for your very profound call. Did he have anything to say? No. But hey, listen, he had nothing to say. So obviously, that's why he took his kid out to the ballgame last night. They had no life. That's right. Hey, leave on, baby. Come on, see, leave on. He's pitching to the other guy. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. In fact, I got media. Why don't we just have like an exhibitionist game? All the players that they've traded away since the championships, the couple of years ago. We'll just make a team like an all star, X-Mollon team. Come on and see all these guys. Remember how good they used to be, huh? Well, they're all back. Anybody care? No. And he interests me. They're not going to show up anyway. Nice going, Esther. Right on, sweetheart. You go, girlfriend. Boy, there are a few things in life that I hate worse than people who say, you go, girlfriend. I think that bitch Oprah started that crap. Well, it just makes my blood boil. I want to hear some asshole come up with a crap. No matter how any etiquette is, all you got to do is start some stupid and say, oh, it's real hip and real cool to talk like this. And all of a sudden 10 million people are repeating it because they want to be real hip and real cool. As a matter of fact, speaking of that, and I'm ripping hell out of Jordan, now he's in North Carolina, his own vacation. That could rip him while he's here, but he wouldn't be listening anyway. Now he's busy writing down a stuff on those yellow pads and reading a city link and screw magazine. But after the ratings came out, we had to end by the way, Tom Jick, I hate to break the news deal, but since you were gone another rating book came out, I know we don't want to push you too much. Yeah. Not to mention that FCC story, but they're busy. They don't have time for us. We're small potatoes. So the day the book comes out, so Greg Reed comes in there and he's got, he's all excited and bubbling around, you know. And he endured the talking about the number. We had a 10.8 in men, whatever. And they do the, I don't even know what you call it. The high five with the fists. Is there a name for that? Now we could call it fistings, but I think that's something else. Yeah. We don't want to call it fisting because let's go test get to family, show one and middle of the day. A lot of little kids are out there, and personal kids, we don't want to turn them on to back to them fisting. Okay, because that's from what I understand from the rumor mill all the way up to you're elbow. That's something all the way up to your armpit. That's something entirely different. That's interesting. So they don't even have a name, it's just you've got to be real hit the real cool and do the high five with the fist now. See, even you don't have a Mr. cool 19 years old, you don't have a name for yes? I think it's called giving that. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. And you eye it though. Okay, sir. I just got my own website actually, I'm going to be the next arbitrom books. I want to make sure. All right, here's the guy that we like so much. We love those guy and his whole family and all his relatives and everybody he knows and his dogs. Anyway, to adopt, but we'll try and listen to you and say, Dr. Laura, so run road as it gets to wound up again. Please. But on John Henry, it comes from playing about all this. Every billionaire asks for money and then they're going to scream about how my families grow. We need a penny sales tax. Yeah. And these guys, the same editor of the problem of sit there and talk about a penny sales tax and not realize that it's kind of screwy to give somebody who has a billion dollars in the bank, $400 million for a private business. Amen. Anyway, I got to go out of the car. Just remember, Pral. No. Is the word. Thank you. That's right. Bring the ballpark to bring the ballpark to Broward. That's what the Sun Sentinel said yesterday. Bring it at baby. Hammer out of deal with tank spills of support. We only want to pay for 80% of that 400 million. And the answer is, no, no, a thousand times. No, it's not police in our time on this radio station. You idiot's talking about, oh, I like this site the best. And I like over here would be to stick it in your exit site. We like the best. Okay? Because this John Henry guy talk about football. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah, you're a lunatic man. Not only sport, but in areas of Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, okay? Because I got some real great for it. Oh, but I'll do it myself if you insist, but it'll be real crappy. We won't have any team. I mean, talk about slapping people in the face. Always with a threat. That's what the sports people love to do. Always threatening the public. Oh, well, if you weren't doing for me, you know, I guess I'll have to live up to my word. Do it myself, but it'll be real crappy. It's like that only hold about 15 people. And of course, that's all I have to hold because nobody else has your off anyway. You're stupid. God damn ballpark. Man, just, it's just, I mean, since the thick that we have people with this kind of money, who think that we somehow owe them and just like the newspapers believe, we somehow owe them to build them a play toy. So they can have some fun. Like Regri, that's what this radio station is. This radio station is a play toy for Greg Reed. That's all it is. That's why they can't go out and buy a mouse pad without getting bitched out by the water Nazi because we have to pay all these broadcast rights fees to the mall and then the dolphins and the panthers and other hurricanes were up to our eyebrows and broadcast rights fees here. Otherwise, we would make more money than God in this joint. But we don't care really about making more money than God. The bees ladies do, but they're confused because it's really a play toy for Greg Reed in this sports ego to make it run around going like he's a big shot. Mr. Hotchout would describe, sky boxes. Oh, 560560, palm five 60 on a mobile one line. Where's that set by the way, Greg? Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you the great? Hey, no, I just came back from vacation driving vacation. Yeah. I was doing an idiot and they're going to buy me like I'm standing still. Yeah. They're crazy. And about this, at least they give. I think we stack bears should pick up one dime of this thing. Not a penny, man. Because these people have too damn much money. I'm taking up a collection of my oldest sandwiches for their bus trip out of town, I believe. Yes. It should go there. Somebody wants to pay for it. Let them pay for it, but not us. Okay, God bless you. Thank you. Just saying no. Nancy Reagan 20 years ago, just saying no, it's an easy word. Even I can spell it. And that's right. No. And you know something I consider it bang on this for the night for weeks. And there will not be one person out there in the audience. This is my challenge. I'm laying down to you right now. And you won't be able to do it. To tell me how I haven't a major league baseball enhances the quality of life in this community. That is the most ridiculous line. It is the silliest goddamn bunch of horse crap. Oh, it's an affair of the heart. Yeah, right. Baseball means the families and communities are very close partnerships between the team and its public benefactors. Like I said before, if you want to have a relationship between the team and the public benefactors, how about this? Let the people who go to the ball games. Put about a $15 ticket tax on the tickets. And let the people who want to go to those stupid ball games. Let them build the stadium. The rest of us aren't going to go. And we don't want to pay for it. And if I didn't want to go, I'd get my tickets for anyway. And I still don't go. And won't go. It's pathetic. You know, you take a pile of dog maneuver and you put it on a table and you put it on a plate. You put some parsley around the edges. It's like, oh, here's a great steak. Here's a gourmet meal. Fight it will be pleased if you enjoy this. And the people are finally starting to sniff it. Oh, I don't think so. No, that smells really strange to me. I think it'll pass over this time. Yeah. God, what are they thinking about? I must be crazy. I must be not. I have my nose up, Neil's ass. There's a new movie called American Pie. But for the 15th, it's gonna be the only sexer in the life. Oh, right. They make up that to play hide the silver on me. It's 90 minutes of upside-a-team. Pre-tube-bets and shots of chestnut at the same. I must be crazy. A little bad camcaro was her magic flute. The hot jet and girl was her birthday flute. But I'm not the birth of the beard goes down the shoe. How's your husband? The chorus girl will it work? All fins look like such a jerk. Jim grabs the apple pie. He goes berserk. What's worth? It ain't one roasting after another. We still use these fins for his mother. It should make fins be grand. And she's in this dream. It's better than I can't believe in now. It's 90-five with the love of fame. Maybe you will wonder why. Baby, we call it an apple pie. It's not the money. It's the right and cute American pie. It's a say that moving to 30 years will not be alive. Oh, the money is seen. All party after the thromb. All the kittling this movie is the bomb. We still fly. We didn't call it ahhh. 33-560 WKM. I'll tell you, maybe you ought to give those dolphin tickets away this hour and said the last hour today. Oh yeah, then you'll see some action on it at home. You know, this editorial, I ought to train some of these. I'm saving more and more of these. We'll have a whole room. We'll be buried in the sea of editorials here before the year is out. And yesterday's Sun Sentinel. I mean, get the violins out for this, baby. A state of the art state and could bring proud county. Many things in addition to the feeling the feel good benefits the John Henry Soe Evangelical about. The feel good. Won't you feel a lot better if we have a beautiful new stadium? No, feel good. Feel this. That's why I say feel this sweetheart. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And wait till you hear this. Now keep in mind the present stadium. OK, P.P. Park, keep that in mind. And the area. It's right up the street. We could throw a brick from here to that stadium right now. That's how close we are. It says these benefits include economic development. We're going to be vitalization and national exposure that comes with being the home of a competitive major league baseball team. Now stop and think of that present stadium up there. That's sitting there right off the turnpike economic redevelopment. Urban revitalization. All of these things. All of the shopping centers around that stadium. All the new housing developments. All of it. Are any of those things there? No. No. And those things going to happen over there by P.P. Park. No. P.P. In the fricking sky is what you're talking about. You're in a dream world. Just like the Miami Arena that's sitting there right now. Meaningless useless. Just sitting there for blocks away from the American Airlines Mickey Harrison Miami here all the arena. Four blocks away. They are pink. A put his name on it too. In fact, they should put his name. Statue of him are out in front so the pigeons can do a number on a 24 hours a day. God. Four blocks away. And here sits this white elephant sitting there. And what do we got to do with that, huh? Another God Day. Well thought out piece of crap. And that sure is how look at the economic redevelopment in that area. Oh, it's beautiful there. Let's take the show on remote and go and sit out there for the Miami Arena right now. Let's do it. In fact, let's have the people on the night. Let's have any cake go down there at night. Do you want to go down or any? No. He's always doing the show out there in remote right in front of the Miami Arena. No. No security. No crowds because there's nothing going on. Do you want to sit up on a little table or right in front of the arena? How's that sound? No. I don't think so. Economic redevelopment, urban revitalization and a homeless people and all the problems and all the scumbags of go away. And Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi promises and promises and promises. You people of the Sun sent in our irresponsible. I wish I prayed. And like I said the other day. If you're so gun-hole about it since you want to Chicago Cubs, the Chicago Tribune, which is the parent company of the Sun Sentinel, you can't put up the goddamn money. You put up 200 million, John Henry puts up 200 million. It can be the Sun Sentinel Stadium or whatever you want to call it. And you can still boast of it in your comments. There are always penalties and bill of goods telling us what we're going to spend our money on. The taxpayers and I think they're in for a real surprise. No. Like I said, Mayor penis over there in David, he told them, no. Fred Grimm, great columnist morning Fred, take him out of the ballpark. When the Marlins announced they had selected 138 or parcel in David as one of six favored sites, three new $400 million baseball stadium complex. The mayor was blunt. He didn't equivocate. He didn't emit sliced signals that he was looking for a deal sweetener. He just said, no. There you go. Played in simple. That was getting real popular around here. No. It's long overdue, but better late than ever. Nor did penis wait until he could measure political reaction in David, or suggest that with little fiscal grease and some nice incentives from the Marlins, he could jam this through city hall or jam it up somebody's back going on. It says penis after all, probably he's got enough political muscle and David to have to even a baseball stadium. But nevertheless he said, no. He likes to talk about the trees out there by I 75 and Griffin Roe. Keep it back with a horses in the trees and a little bit of nature and not destroy with a bunch of crap so that some billionaire can make more money or maybe even break even. He only wants to break even and you know something the answer is still. No. Oh yeah. These tremendous dramatic financial concessions he's made. Well, what are you people bull-cracking? I wouldn't want my ass with this newspaper. See, one thing about the hero lens on cent on me, as much as we hate to hero. Neither one of them is worth a crap. Neither one of them is worth a rare opportunity. garbage, swirl. Dramatic financial concessions. He only wants to break even. It's just, you know, just a thing. He just wants to be so anxious to do this for the community. Right. All these benevolent wonderful benefactors that come by are just like Wayne, Sandy Claus. Remember those days back in the beginning? Wayne, he brought us baseball. He brought us hockey. He's a great guy. Hey, it's Santa Claus and all of a sudden he tuned about it to be real prick. A real piece of crap. Anybody remember Blockbuster Park? Yeah. Yeah. Blockbuster Park. That was another lie. See, we wouldn't be going through this right now. If Wayne wouldn't have been a frickin' liar. And I remember that they came out with his press conference in the tears in his eyes. Although he was divesting himself of all his blockbuster stocks. Forgot to only know how many billion dollars. And via Comer Riverdale was came in and bought up Blockbuster. So guess what? There is no more Blockbuster Park. So there is no baseball stadium. There is no more of his empty promises. Because one thing about these people that's consistently true is they will promise you anything to suck you in to go in along with what they want. And then after they get what they want, you're on your own. Just like Mickey Eros and all of a sudden it's going to cost you suckers and they'd county. That got sucked into voting for that by Mayor Pinga with his lines. So if you're forward vote no, if you're against it vote yes, whatever the hell it was. And like I said, wait can you see the vote on the stadium thing? Because every vote will be counted as a yes. If you vote no it will be yes. If you vote yes it will be yes. That's the only way they're going to get it true. Oh look at this. 100% of people want it. 90% of people voted no that means they like it. And 10% voted yes that means 100% of people want the stadium. That's what they're going to do. As only they can do down here. I'm still waiting for all these people to call me to tell me about how the quality of life in this community. It's so upgraded by having major league baseball. It doesn't mean squat. There is no interest. None. Zero. Zippity. Duda. It's got to put us on a map. Yeah, really put us on a map. Gonna give me all that crime going. All that for an animal. Thank you, Miriam. God bless you sweetheart. My favorite person in the world. My mom and my check now I can go home. Let me trust you. And you know something probably says on the envelope there. Don't go to the bank with this to left it to a clock to leave and think about it. Don't even try to deposit this. In fact hold it till September. 560. 560. 560. 560 on the mobile one line of math. You're all this is your sports station. We got another stupid Marlon game tonight with a giant. In fact tomorrow we get pre-empted again tomorrow we get out of here at 12 30. In this time since there's no election tomorrow. Oh yeah. We get out of here 12 30 tomorrow for the pre-game because there's a Marlon giant scheme tomorrow at one. How do you like that? You weren't even aware of that. How do you like them, Apple? So I like it. Lunch is early tomorrow, ma. Because we get out of here at 12 30 for another stupid game that nobody cares about and nobody will be listening to. 4,500 people maybe their last night and we should spend $400 million. 80% of what should be public money so that we can continue doing this crap. Professional sports is becoming a cancer. Like Hank said the other day he loved the people of Los Angeles because they said take your guy damn football and stick it with a mundo and shine. We can live very well without it. We'd rather sit here and watch him on TV for free. Locks three games every Sunday and you can take your Rams and Rams. See you in St. Louis, Louis or whatever. However that's on ghost. And in your own something I guess Los Angeles is probably falling off the map. Haven't I since they lost a professional football? Yes. How they survived? Unless he crazy, I must be nuts. It's new and it's that Burger King. Godfather truly jacks and figures. They're fun for the whole family. Collect all 10 mob action figures with each water fries and super live drink. And that super live drink. No exception. Get sunny in his favorite garbage can. So you can beat the crap out of Carl O'April. He punches out sunny sister or get the bullet riddle body of sunny after he gets it at the Jersey toll booth. Wow. Is it that great? Impress all your friends with the Don himself. I'm making an offer. He can't refuse. So start organizing your neighborhood now and get the Godfather action figures. Remember it's only business and it's at further gain. That 45 and 560 WML you see. A little premature evaluation on that check business was the abonus in my check here. No that was do yesterday but I figured welcome ours payday. They'll just lump it in there with a paycheck. They do that. No. So once again and you see this is why some of us. Me I can't speak for anybody else but some people here ought to be going nuts about this business with Greg Reid and his sports fetish so that we can make people like John Henry. Put more millions and millions of dollars in our pockets for the right for the privilege to broadcast sports that nobody care about. Nobody's even going much less anybody listening. But because we have to put all amounting in his pocket and Wayne's pocket for the dolphins and the Panthers as a result that's why people in this building are told, don't cash your check up. And that's why people are told, oh don't ever do that again and buy a mouse pad for $1.58. Are you out of your mind? Even my mother. Well I take that back. Yes, she would be proud. She'd like that. That's her style. She'd be going to be high five and she'd be fisting. Yeah. Unbelievable. You said here you expect to get paid in the timely fashion. This is the way it's in the contract. This is the way we do it. I've been here for 20 months now. And you plan your life. You plan things you're going to do based on when you expect to have the money in your hands. Not when you work for the VZB corporation, which Greg Reesle would have straight look on his face tells me, oh this is a great company. Yeah, right. Maniac. Just pay people when they're supposed to get paid. Then worry about those billionaires. Okay. We don't have any sports going on on this show. And at the meantime, we're making a money hand over a lymphus. Still can't get paid because they just can't scrape the cash together. They've got to give it to John Hadrian Wayne. Here's a facts from Cody that says, here's proof that this town is a joke. Can anyone name a city that's got four sports teams in it that would have each team playing in their own building plus one extra building left over that nobody's playing it. Says think what it'll be like if the marlins got their way. That's right. Then you'd have you have the baseball stadium for the marlins. You'd have peepy park for the dolphins. You'd have American Airlines or Rainer for the heat. You have the yantos center for the pantos. Then you got the one that's sitting over there to remind me of where we did it. Nobody's playing in Chicago. The bulls have the old. Yeah, that's right. Socks. Every Chicago is a real sports town. And by the way, I don't think the people of Chicago pay tax money to build any of those buildings. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. But be that as it may. 560, 50560, Pont560, animal born on you watch. By today they'll have a soul. Look at all these real dieted, it will based off fans will call in and sell all of us. You watch. We're going to have a soul. The great contribution will make to this community into where enrich our lives. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I love sports. But if the panthers. If the heat. If the dolphins. If the marlins. If the fusion. All of them less tomorrow. I went. I went out of town. It would not affect my life in one one. I owed it. If we didn't have sports at all here and don't all these got them arena. Just think what we should do with the schools and the library and over and prove in the overall. And the roads that the mayor was just screaming about. Without metro rail. But we won't go into that. But you know, you don't need all of this stuff. You know, I like baseball, which is definitely not the marlins. And if not, this was here. Fine. And like I said, they could turn around and improve this area. Make this place a paradise. Okay, sir. God bless you. Okay. Hey, Neil. In closing. Did you hear that spot there having one Jeremy live and live at an adult club. Yeah. Talk about watching the first. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Like I said, it's almost lunch time. We want to hear about Ron Jeremy. Fine. I see. I don't understand that. I can't imagine. I don't want to see Ron Jeremy with his clothes on. Much less with his clothes on. I don't understand why anybody man woman anything. Elephants. Why anything would want to see Ron Jeremy naked. Much less performing any kind of an act. Even even eating a lunch. I don't want to see him. 560, 50560. It looks to me like he hasn't missed many. Him and his buddy. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. It makes me wonder what kind of, you know, what kind of guys are the arrogance and the ego that guys like Aaronson and Henry and I think he can get you know with that big money. These guys, I don't know what to help happen to these guys, you know. I can't imagine. I'm not about monkey scene monkey do you know. It's like a little bit. They see that Wayne got his way, you know, and the brown people right away came up and concocted this scheme to come up with a way to build him in arena. And then they managed this bogus election in the day county. And they got that thing built for Mickey's. He's got the Mickey to the voters in day. And so it's just snowballed. It's like an out of control thing. And now everybody who's got, you know, I roll or bleed a team right away. Let's build a mass stadium arena. There's something. The arrogance, the convention hanging out with these three guys. You know, what a what a sham that would be. Yeah. I walk past on that. I'm really, I'm trying to coordinate my retirement here with your retirement. So I can get the hell out of this place. Good luck to one. I imagine that to be after you what it'd be like around here. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. Yeah. In fact, this bonus check, you know, if I don't do if these bonus checks don't start you out there retirement, they have to be a hasten real fast. I may have to go over there and work with Castro Nova, clear channel. I mean, seriously, what kind of, what kind of a place is it that you work for when you expect to get paid on a certain damn? I've been through this before. And I realize I get paid a lot of money. I'm not missing any meals. But it's not the point. It's a matter of principle. When you do business, you do business like a business man, Greg, for returns, people's phone calls will pay the bills on time, who pays his heart, who's help that shows up every God damn day. You pay people when you're supposed to get paid. There doesn't have to be any discussion about it. It should be as automatic as taking a crap. But it's basically kind of a constipated crap when you work for this outfit because whenever they get around with there's always got to be a little bit of conversation. It just doesn't automatically show up in your hand in the money either. And I resent it. And I find it nauseating and totally unacceptable and bush leg almost as unacceptable as having a Todd Drec doing his, uh, burning the loot and trash of your accounts of routine that he's doing. There's Joe Costellabach. He's got my bonus check. No, no. Not in there. How do you like that? Do yesterday technically according to my contract in writing? Do yesterday by yesterday. I'm not going to be a prick. I'm not going to worry about that. It'll be in there on Tuesday because it's the test of the month. That's when my paycheck comes. Is it in there? No. No. As the beat goes on with Greg reading the beastly. And it's always better to wait. But I'll put a soft shuffle and excuse. How can a company not be able to afford a dollar 58 for a mouse pad? They're off his depot. That's what I want to know. And you wonder why people don't get their bonus checks on time. And the people are looking at your paid hourly and the, and work on weekends like mad dog and some of these other people are always screaming about not getting paid. They haven't got it. They don't have it. That poor guy up there in the house that guy here, we're up there in Bridmore, New Jersey. I'm watching him no more. 75 bucks, 75 bucks. The guy has spent more money on fat's paper. Try to collect his 75 bucks for six months now. And he still don't have it. Here's Pompito Beach, Chillow. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you give me some insight to the uncrossed effects in the Marlin's farm system? Oh, yeah, right. You know, like, you know, tripling, doubly prospects. Yeah, they're all out there playing right now. At the foul. They're still on me. Yeah, they're out there playing right now. Okay, go play with yourself because I think you got a head start. Here's a call from Syracuse, huh? Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Good. Move out of there two years. Congratulations, sir. I ride. Move back all the way. Yeah, there's no fall. First week in November when you start freezing your ass off. Right. Exactly. The stadium things are ridiculous. They're caught in the vicious cycle. And they're going to leave. I have a question on a shameless request. The question is, all of these things. What did that come from? Where did it come from? Yeah, as a wine. Is it in a movie or something? Oh, it's from the side of the, all of these things. It's from that. It's from the, it's from the, let's scroll a phone call at Frank phone call. The body augmentation thing. Okay. All right. And my shameless request, if you can do it in a couple of breaks, because I'd like that kind of lesson on that old Jewish guy named Dyson. Okay. Great. I work on them. Thanks. Have a great day, Palin. Zeit is on. See you in the, on the honor. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. I'm just, for I'm, I'm just incoherent. Incoherent. About the thing with his bonus check. I realize it's just a matter of principle. And I'm not going to miss a meal today. I may be able to scrape through and build a marauder. Whatever they're going to come up with it. It's just wrong. Okay. Just like Bubba said about those Kevin Clydesbots. And he's a good one to talk about morality. It's just freaking wrong. Pay people when they're supposed to get paid. Don't settle around like some mom and pop guy damn dime store. That's the way they run his place. Like some little quarter, uh, convenience store. Like a farm store. That's the way they run his joint. It's not like a business. Be a business man for once. You know, here's the guy that's running around. Making more time million dollar deals with Wayne Harzinga and John Henry. And the hurricane's got to know is how much money they, they, they're, they're, they're, they're as to get that hurricane crap. And let me say it again. You'll never ever see a blip on a Richter scale. You can bet your life on it. You can bet Greg Reid's life on it. You'll never see a blip on a Richter scale even hurricane football. And I know that from all those years at IOD, even when they were winning their national championships. Does it make even like a little tiny blip on a Richter scale around a weekend? No. So just a lot of busy work. So this guy can be the sports mobile baby. Which is fine. If you want to be the sports mobile, you're entitled to that. But don't, don't hold up people's money because of it. Pay people when they're supposed to get their cash. Because nothing inferior to me more than people not paying you on time. You know, I'm fortunate enough I'm making up money and you, to me, good credit is important. I got 75 hundred credit cards. And when I get a bill, generally speaking, I make out a check the day I get it or the next day. And it goes in a mailbox. That's the way I do business. Because I can afford to do it. If you can't afford to do it, then no pretend to be a business man. I can go out and offer everybody in a business. I can go to all the top people in the broadcasting industry. All five of them. And offer them, hey, you want to come and I'll give you a $50 million to come and work here. Can't pay them. I'm starting to get really psychotic. I really am starting to get really pissed. Let's move. Yeah, let's move some good stuff. And here and just cut the crap. Yeah, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car. With you can use that down the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Caralarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the health. You're thinking, and the F. Remember when we used to boost the back of Caralarm. If we ought to get a fund of the nation may be to fight with the cooler. And away from my supportive of the health. You're thinking, and the F. How is that? I am sexist. Who? So, better than you like that. I think somebody's got to say. And away from my supportive of the health. You're thinking, and the F. And away from my supportive of the health. You're thinking, and the F. Whenever some fast tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think, and the F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Caralarm now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think, and the F. And hold Jewish guy named Isaac Caralarm. I will be available with all of their stories. 11.35.50. What is a Buffalo Bill? 5.60. 5.60. On the AT&T Wireless Line is the Beekos Line here at QA. And where we continue, just pulling the wall over everybody's eyes, including our own. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Yes? All right. It was not going to question for you. I'm going to be for a long time. And I just came from Miami, right? I live in Broward. Yes? And I went through a donut shop in Dave County. Yeah. I put a statement. I give my receipt back. And there's a penny surcaps for buying donuts. Can you explain the... A pay surcaps for what? For buying donuts. Okay. Can you explain that to me? Yeah. That goes to the PBA Police Benevolence Fund. What else you asking me about it? What's the money for donuts? And this is what you're worried about the penny. Okay, pal. What do you worried about the penny? 560, 5050. If you're that cheap, then you know, you belong in Broward. Believe me. Sunrise is a big good. Maybe Tamarack. Sunrise lakes would be perfect. You know what I'm saying? Oh, oh. 560, 5050, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T Line. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal, hello. Hey, now I'm... What's it for? Larger Delvin. I'm on the country. I just crossed the priority line. Yeah, well, being bring that extra penny along, pal. Thank you. Yeah, this was, uh, that's pretty, uh, I don't know if you heard her or not, but over the weekend, I'm Friday. I was listening to one of these other stations, um, while I was driving around. And the Miami Heat's trying to, uh, threaten us now too. They've already started with their campaign. Must deposit a $50 per seat, uh, towards the 55, uh, hundred fans for the new Miami Heat Woman's franchise. You and your daughter, or your maintenance will be enjoying this. I mean, went to gunna stop. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody wants nobody is interested in the WNDA. Nobody cares. Nobody will attend. And, uh, as you point out, just another way of trying to squeeze more bucks out of the same people. That's right. Yeah. And, uh, closing either red acquisition. You're a bunch of douchebags for a hold and not the old track. Okay. Everybody knows. Yeah. Yeah. I'm starting to get, uh, feel like cold coming back. You know, I thought I had a lick, so to speak. Can I say that lick? No. But it's starting to overlap. So I think maybe next two or three days, I might have to lay out. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, T. While it's pretty weak here on a phone today. I mean, really, really weak. And my mind to be very honest with you now is dancing. I don't want to say the service is another distraction here inside this joint. Not getting paid when you're supposed to get paid. But for me, that always serves as a major distraction because it's something that happened to be real person to get you about. Excuse me for getting concerned with other people start playing around playing games with my money. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I'm feeling sick, just like, yeah. I'm going to have to check out her around the room. Yeah. Most of my saying is a ticker port on the 878 going from Kendall to US one. There's like four or five coaches who are waiting to get stringed. And I think I was wanted to praise you. I'm not sure this was a couple weeks ago, but you got me and a bunch of people that I know to vote against Alex Pena's was. And I never wrote it before and you got me out there. You kept reminding me about the issue and I took a lot of sincerely living in Miami. Right. And the friend of mine of female actually who was sincere program, who was in so it, high regularly. She, she would not have been able to go to it also. Again, they voted no. No. And closing, I just want to cover, Madeline, a douchebag. Okay, nice job, pal. Feel better. Okay, fine. We got one call up in the board. Now we can check in with some really good music, man. That's right. Five, six, seven, five, six. They've pound, fine. Well, listen, you're sitting there with us. You're a witness to it. That is a door nail. They don't care. And I still laid the challenge down there. The 64 billion dollar challenge. We're waiting to hear about all the great things that baseball does for our community. Okay. Why do enhances our lifestyle so much? Why it's so wonderful for everybody who lives in the South Florida community? What's it going to do for us? Let's hear it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 18th, T line. I mean, that could be spent at my time more productive. On the phone with my attorney. Seeing about getting my goddamn bonus check. Which we do yesterday, by the way. I think the only way these people get to mention it, just like the stuff with the copy, with everything in this place. If you're willing, and I'm not making this up, if you're willing to sit back and just play it ignorant. If you just say, oh, I don't give a crap, which I made a mistake as a San Tree four months ago. Wait, that just the way we want it. So we'll just pay it whenever we get around. That's what we just, you know, we don't care about the goddamn class. Because every time somebody can't, we got somebody else to plug in there anyway, because you got all those big numbers. And they don't care. They don't give a flying crap. There was no communication. I got a sales guy. I don't want to mention Todd Dreck on here again. Comes in yesterday. Tells everybody else in a building about an account that cancel, which I knew was going to cancel because he didn't service it. And his agency buddy does he tell me, is he coming anywhere near here? No. Do I even today, did they after? Why still have any word on that from anybody in this, you like? No. And this all goes back to one guy. I've told you this a million times. It all goes back to Greg Reed. That's the one guy. He's the one that's running to the asylum here. And that's why things are done with this. What this guy knows about radio, you could stick an assemble and head room for the Chinese Army left over in there. That's what this guy knows about radio. Nothing, zero, zippity, doda. He makes people who look like a rocket scientist. I never thought I could say that, but it's the freaking truth. That's why he's painted his pants about a guy named radio station at 3200 on an AM dial. And he can pick up that ain't even on the air yet. That keeps pushing their floor mat back. Month after month after month after month. That has got nobody that wants even more test needs to strata. Got on a bus and left pound in the middle of the night. So he didn't have to be in burst by being on that thing. And we're suing them because we're so concerned about them. You should have seen, they had June Allison personal standing at the door in here that day. When that thing hit the newspaper about Waffen to give him a depends on the garments. That's how often he had a change is underwear that day. All day long. Squirt squirt squirt squirt. Everybody's Tom Greg just conned down. Squirt squirt. Squirt squirt. He in his pants. Are you airing shot like this? We're not a two-way. We're not a two-way. We're a bag of matts on a game. How about what they had before? He's not my kind of thing, guys. We're the L.A.2, we're anyway. We're the man we sound the time, really, James. I want more, Chris Moore. Ghost point is real high. Whee! When I listen to this board, I mainly voice both get eye-attention. I will really get me set for this yard. A squeaky high voice will give the other action. Well, I hate to do what I'm doing. But they're very good back on again. I'm going to sit here and straighten it with voice this high. Whee! Now I'll have to get deeper as I closet it in. So I've been doing a press on the material for it. Check out for it more at night to build the hang of the size. Yeah, very nice. I have a bunch of sports guys and voices have some cracks. They were 12 years old. Yeah, I have a camera like that. The Ashbend of real close to the radio. It's the sound. And they're voices on up there. Oh, I'm falling. And that girl, man. Yeah, he's harder than my head, Greg. I was like, close yo doing on a taxi by the way. Anybody hear that thing lately? Oh, how's that? The Robert Steinback show. No. 56050560, palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You don't know if we had a whole bunch of calls on there before, but as soon as we go to the break, they're busy, man. They're busy. It's the compulsive gambling thing. Here's a crawl gevels, hello. It's Tuesday the book he's probably at the door. A crawl gevels, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I got a close-up fee. What line would you be speaking? Sir, before you come up with a shot that's going to get bleached out anyway and I can get it on the ear. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's pepper pie, hello. Good morning, Neil. You're thinking about gambling. I just got back from the Boe River Vanche last night. Yes. You don't have to go to Las Vegas anymore. Meaning what? It's a great hotel. I never went outside. Blunch my brains out of great places. And Bloc's you mean? The Lexi Missa's sipping. I'm gonna have to get there. That's her blame. I don't know. Listen. There's nobody more orthodox than I am, but I had a good time. Oh, hey. Your orthodoxy, you were gambling? Boy. Did you put him with Mrs. Zahn, a crap table? Hi, every shot I said, please God helping. So I trained at every shot. Did it work? No. Oh, damn it. I had a great time. He's busy on the NFL now. Had a great time. Okay, thanks a lot, Palcine. I'm not going to Mississippi with a lot of banjo at money. 600 open lines here, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. So our program director, Bluff Lindsay, gets off his bluff. And goes to Greg Reedon says, what about Neil's bonus check? And Greg goes, eeeeeeeh. He's working on it. I bet he's working on it. With both half fists. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I said, by the way, Katherine Murray died two days ago. I forgot that yesterday. Is anybody in this honor to remember Arthur and Katherine Murray? No. No, of course not. Victor matured died yesterday, age of 86. Anybody remember him? No. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Big macho guy. Victor matured. He's dead. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes, sir. Yeah, I said, the Miami Herald. Just reporting here, pros and cons in basketball. You have the hell with you. What's the H? Yes, I do, sir. What's all that please? Trying to hate D. One moment please. There's a Sun 10, oh, sports. Here it is. What is it, well, page 18? AD is in dummy, yeah. Right. There's two short stories. One says, map guard arrested and then below that is the funny one is Coleman facing charges. A map guard arrested Coleman Charlotte Hornets forward direct Coleman could face criminal charges for allegedly urinating in the dining room of a popular downtown Detroit restaurant. Sports for dinner for dinner. The six foot nine inch Detroit native, well he's six nine can you imagine what he's dragging through the soup. Allegedly relieved himself early Saturday in front of dozens of diners and intermediates to attack in Vesteron. Is attorney told that Detroit's repressed the story is totally wrong. How do you like that? Reducoptos. The Donaldson Coleman three two was in a bar with a boxer Thomas Ernst and Indiana Pissies guard Jalen Rose when he spilled a drink on his pants and stood the wipe it off. Donaldson employee thought he was urinating and notify the manager. Yeah, he was just he spilled a drink. Sports court. Sports court. Yeah, and it would just happen to be coming from his sports court. Sports court. Sports court. Yeah. I mean, when you take a leak, isn't it like come out like a martini with an olive in it? Have a great day, pal. Thanks for the good news. That's right. Our visitor at Guy is a five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless lines. We continue pushing and punishing our way through here. We'll make it one more with you. We got Hank Goldberg at the on that's right in the studio today. Talking baseball with Donnie B. It's six tonight. Then we got the pre-gaming six thirty the giants and the marlins again. The red hot marlins baby. No. We'll have another six seven thousand four five thousand there tonight. That's right. Leave on a pitch and like, we'll have two or three thousand tonight. Two or three thousand people, which means that we desperately need a lot more room for those things. That's right. I say, let's have a two billion dollars daily. I've been in a 10 million. Let's increase the sales tax. I'd die. That should do it. That should cover it. Let's increase it a buck. A dollar on a dollar. So for every dollar you spend, so you buy something for 10 bucks across you 20. Because 10 bucks will be the sale tax. What's wrong with that? It's a nice even number. Even we can figure that out. Yeah. You go ahead and buy something for 50 cents. Okay. It'll be a dollar, please. Very simple. Even most of you people, even some of the dark folks out there can multiply real well, unfortunately. Maybe a little bit too fast. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T. That's the problem with the beeslies over there in April. They can multiply, but they just can't add. That's the problem. Right Bruce, ain't that the problem over there? Are you mugwamps? One thing about that, they don't have to worry about buying a big house because they buy a one-bedroom house. The whole family, all of these, they all stood sleep on his one big circular bed. Yeah. In those suits, they sleep in the suits that they were to work the next day. You know, cuts down on a laundry cost. Here's a Pembroke pine, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I didn't get a chance to call you yesterday, but did anyone talk to you about the article on the Panthers and the Harrowlands on day? No, no. Unbelievable. I mean, what? I guess they felt, well, nobody cares about the Panthers first of all. Well, that said, they felt the blides to write something. It was like the Sunday Sports Call on the weekend. So the big news was that Pavel is skating cigarettes in Russia. That was the update. What's he doing still over there? I don't know, didn't say. I mean, camp starts in just a couple of weeks. Well, you know, the first exhibition is games I think September 14th. I've had my tickets since the second season. And when the if the season is over by November this year, that's it. Enough is enough. I'm going to do I want to keep writing that $3,000 check whatever it is every year. Yeah, but we got Lance Pitt like how you like that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I was going to upgrade my seats for that. Oh, yeah. The first exhibition game is on Tuesday the 14th over there in four miles. Carolina Hurricanes. You probably want to speak as much Russian as possible for you. Yeah, that's right. You probably want to speak a lot of Russian on events just the Pistary Maria. And sir, I want to tell you this, I've spoken since. And because I've talked about hockey much because nobody here cares about it as much as I love it. But the fact is that the players to a one every single of them, they hate Terry Murray like poison. We've got to get rid of both the Murray. I'm already you've got to go. Well, pack them a sandwich and they got to go on a bar. I'm actually going to get out of here. They sent them to Shaskatune. That's it. Hey, Dean Osiris Shirelli. Thank you sir. I'll see you at the Amacarena. Love that macarena. Maybe September 15th. That's what is it. It went in. I backstreet boys at the Amacarena. So it's good that we both had a ring. Not just for the Panther games. But we have these concerts. Like what 90 degrees comes back. We don't have to have them. You know, you can keep in there. I'll take Nick and Jeff any day over certain others. But I don't want to mention their names to our affinity. But how come this thing isn't coming up back to the beginning? Must be a communist plot. Anyway, 22 past 11 a QA and we're still waiting for the bulletin for the news on Neal's Bonus check. It's always something isn't a boys and girls. Why could be so easy? It could be. My mother's got a great saying. She don't have too many. But she's got a great saying. Life could be beautiful. But it's not. Nice going, Ma. I think that sums it up in a nutshell. This could be the. I was just talking bluffing here during the last break. This could be the greatest place to work in the whole business. All it would require is just a little bit more elbow grease, a little bit more work by certain people in here like sales management types and like the general manager and like making sure the people get paid on time. And this would be paradise as they say in Vegas. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. It was the choice. And we placed with four separate arena of Ashco. And how do you like that? I mean, you try to real sports now. And of course, they're just building that new way of stating for the Tigers. Which is going to be beautiful. Is it? Oh, yeah. You know, try to roll well. Yes, I do. Okay. It's right on Woodward just know what the fuck theater is. Oh, really put the new facility. Oh, not far from the old. Oh, I must go out of that. Michigan Avenue site though. I'm not. I'm not. I was used to have to pay a hundred bucks to watch your car. And they would still slice your tires. It was great. It's a great place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what you're doing. The last five or six years. We do realize, by the way, what? Wait, let me take a look at the standing. Let me submit. Is going to get fired. The Tigers were next to last place. It's not last place. It's none of a wait a minute. The Tigers record going into the yesterday's action. Before the Marlon's pull that came out last night. The Tigers record was only a half a game. worse than the marlin's how do you like that. That's still a great pathetic. If anyone's going to make a run up there though to see the games and before they try the stadium now to the upper deck first row best place to see the game. No, I wanted to do a real close swapping those shit cans with Justin Thompson. If you want close when you're upstage you can hear any hard well. It's a great. Now is there any still the one radio? Oh yeah. He is. Oh yeah. He's doing it. Because he's not on TV anymore. Now I've lost my ass and it's been very angry. Remember a couple years ago? Yes, I do. They tried to fire them. Oh they did. Fire them. Both. Both. Fire them and brought in some. No, I understand. But they tried to pull it off in the cry and they publicly equation that a bring a back. Right after a year. Huh? Maybe they had them in like XL. CBS radio a picture about for a while. He was doing a national games. And then they thought that was the pizza guy that made the decision. No, it was Bow and Jim King who was the general manager of the J. Well, that's all. You know, he went to Michigan. So he's a real jackpot. Anyway, so it's the toy with the four separate arenas. And down here with the U of M they're going to have their own arena. And that's, that'll be five. That's right. Right. Okay. No one's going to be playing at the Miami Racing League. And then we got Mark Light Stadium for the baseball team that are Hurgent and that's six. And then we got the orange ball which we're forgetting about what is squimagic. So that's seven. Five Mark Heart Stadium. And Lock Heart Stadium. And then we got to Stadium down the homestead. That's nine. Right. And the race car Stadium. And the race car Stadium down there is 10. And then don't forget all Miami Stadium. Bobby Maduro Stadium that the 11. Bobby. Yeah. Bobby Maduro. Bobby Maduro Stadium. Right. What does it? Dominant Park. And Dominant Park. That's right. Okay. And a great day pal. And tropical park. Don't forget all tropical park. Where they had the first harvest track down here 100 years ago. Tom Wilbur and is still doing it baby. Oh, he's still alive. Now let's talk some harness racing. That'll clear out the phones. Five, six, seven. How about that? Hamiltonian. How that microchance that frog. I don't like. I don't have any talk about that down here because that's not on the region. They just don't know these things. Don't you understand? We have a very limited repertoire down here. But we go here. This is the only place in the US that's got 72 sports venues. Somebody just told me about the FAU Stadium that Howard Schnellenburgers building for. All right. Howard Schnellenburgers. He's building the stadium. That's 1112. That's 72. That's how you stadium. FAU Stadium. What's that song by, Macy Gray? What does she say? What do they say to do it? If I use the keeps saying, you know, I'm talking about. What does that mean? What does that mean? If FAU? What would it keep saying that over and over again? Of course, the hurricane fans are going, yeah. Yeah. FFIU. Oh, Macy Gray, number one at the U of M. I guarantee you that. FFIU. FFIU. What does that mean? Somebody be splitting that to me, please. Please. Before it's too late. Before I get that check. Yeah, that Greg Reed man. This is the guy. He still got a spingor stuck in that hole and it said, I told, I'm going to say right here on a year. If I were him and I'm not, I'm not. I got a better haircut with no hair. If I was Greg Reed, I would bring the bonus check for near Rogers and on a silver tray is what I would do. And I'm not exaggerating. I would come in here, kiss near Rogers ass and bring him as bonus check on a silver goddamn tray. 20 months in a row that I've been on this radio station. Every single trend, every month, 20 months in a row, number one and every goddamn demographic that we care about. Number one in the market, number one in the guy the station in the men. Every single month, 20 months in a row. And I got to come on a year and, well, my belly ached and wind like a child. Where's my goddamn money? And believe me, I'm not a vote of doing it either. Where? Talk dirty to me. Maybe it wasn't man who treased his regular woman. Now he's back on my G.B. If he didn't do the thing, she said he's doing Friday to have the cup of free. My back. My back. My back in a swift bed of thumb. How young is food you? My back. My back. My back. My back just like he did, no wrong. My back. My back. My back. Your career, you retrieve. My back. My back. My back. My back. Warning. Here we go. Your back. My back. My back. My back. My back. Okay, the good news is that check will be here overnight. It will be here tomorrow. Now do you think it would have been here tomorrow? If I would have been here tomorrow? If I would have been here tomorrow? Think about this? No. I would have had a just sit around cool in my heels for a day after day after day after day. Just waiting and counting. With that little clock ticking. To see if it might show up on a get around with the beastly over there. So John Henry, you are waiting might have to wait a couple of days until our next multimillion dollar payment. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Talk about in over your head. Talk about drowning. Oh, too bad about William Shattner's wife by the way. Oh, he said 40 years old, ground. Do you see that's during this morning? William Shattner. His wife dead. No, he's not dead. His wife is dead. Oh, JP said, oh, I got it. Wasn't him. Captain jerk. Which one of his was the elimist one? Here's Miami. Hello. I guess it's all a suffering from insomnia. I guess I could subsidize the baseball stadium where I can go and fall asleep. Yeah. How do baseball game? Is that a good enough reason? By the way, this was heard on WQA last night in the middle of the six buildings. Oh, oh. The next Jo Angel, by the way. Yeah, you know, I want to tell you. I've gone Joe. I'm going to tell you the question. The question is that these are the questions that the Spinaless said. Yeah. Didn't ask John Henry, which by the way, he's such a great guy, Neil. Is he a hell of a guy? That's a nice guy. Nice guy. Nice guy. I saw Mike. I don't want to give him 400 million bucks. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. The one question is, hey, why should we subsidize the stadium for you? We don't subsidize anything for bell sounds. Okay. 18. He. MPNL. Absolutely. I mean, these are things that are not. I can don't. Yeah. Or the most thing, ranch with two or three. You know, I've got them swim clubs that they're closing down or. Not guaranteed. People are having a hell of a lot better time. And all the places you just mentioned that they are to guide the involved part. Absolutely. I mean, to me, basically, just become such a high job man. And, you know, and you're, and you're, and, like you said, you know, the one team that actually has a chance to do anything. The dolphins. I mean, they're pre-empting them with all these marlins. With that, well, isn't that correct? That was the dolphin exhibition games are going to wind up. At least parts were all of some of them on waxy on a station. And nobody can hear that. Nobody knows. So we can have the honor of putting Marlins baseball. What a great deal. You made Greg Knight's going to tweet, aren't you? And you know, I'm sort of in the same boat with that woman that called yesterday. I'm completely out of it. How dare this man ask me for money for the building of the stadium? And how dare the newspaper that we spend money to buy this newspaper. So we can read the news that's going on in town and in the world. And how dare them tell us that we should give him 80% of $40 million. So we're going to be so great for life and browning. And you know the whole thing, the whole thing. I mean, first of all, you don't need to press conference. For someone to tell you where that where the sites are going to be. Just put them in the newspaper, first of all. But if you're just listening to Hank on Friday, we're getting them all on it. Yeah. But why? Why in the world is this guy, oh, well, well, this is a press conference to figure out. Like how much I'm going to pay. Now, how about a hundred percent? Okay? How about a few pays a hundred percent? We pay nothing. And I'll make a deal. If you pay the hundred percent. But he already told you if he pays the hundred percent, it's going to be a little tiny postage stamp study. If you pay about three thousand people, they won't have a decent team. It's going to be really bad. It's going to stink. That's really great. So, you know, he'll help, but it's going to be terrible. That's great. Then he'll do this a money and not us. Right. That's absolutely. Thanks a lot. Okay. And we'll see him in DC. Like we said, we'll see him in AC or DC. Because I'll tell you what thing John Henry right now. And I'm speaking for the majority of people. Not the sports nerds that come on and suck your ass on his station. Every now and then when they're just in the right move for a sub job, I'm talking about the majority of people with a brain and soft Florida. If you think that you're getting one dime attacks money, the building you are God damn don't stadium. I must be crazy. I must be not. Couldn't have said it better myself. 560, 560, pound 560. I mean, the list is endless with the colleges with a basketball or renazzlement of football stadiums. I mean, on and on and on, pretty soon you won't have to worry about building metro rail or more highways. Because they won't be any wrong for them. Because every goddamn artery, every corner will have another goddamn stadium blocking it off or another arena. How many venues, I love that word? How many venues do we need in one community? And especially in their place where nobody gives a crap about any of it anyway. Does anybody care about the fusion? No. About the WNBA? No. About any of these things? About the Marlon? No. They don't care about the Panthers either. They just found it's a nice safe place to come and congregate. You should always a little bit and have a few beers in the hangout. And talk on yourself when it looks important. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great. Just got back from helping head island last night. Yeah. I'm going to ask you a couple questions. What happened with Athens? Anything going on with them? What happened with Athens? Hey, where's the Athens? That's Athens. I still not on here. I first started up date back a few weeks. They said August 30th, but they didn't say which year. Oh, man. I can't believe it. And I understand that the guy that's running the thing over there. He looks like he just got out of one of Castro's prisons. Are you serious? Yeah. How's it going? My little dog? Yes, sir. Don't get too personal. My little dog's doing fine. Why do you ask? Right before I left, he was in a vet for a couple days. Yeah. Excuse. Well, you're very concerned about tiny. He wasn't. You got a nice home form. Okay. Yeah. He gave you a present every now and then. Oh, you don't want it. Yeah. We're Christmas law. You've been in the middle of summertime. All right. You take care of your family. I need to. All right. Thanks. And tiny says thank you. Right, tiny. Hey, tiny. No. Don't do that on a carpet, tiny. Ten and a half years old. My mom wanted to tell the difference between a golden retriever and a miniature picture. My big dog would explode before he would even pee in the house. I'll take it right now. He would explode before he would even think of two drops in the house. That little dog. Well, even when you're home, this is the thing that gets me. Even when you're in a house every now and then I've caught him and I'll go like in the front in. And there he is with a little leg up in here. Well, you know, he didn't want to bother me to go out. Which he only wants to go out like every five seconds. But in this particular case, he figured, well, this is a good spot. Yeah, it's not something for me to there. Yeah. He would look a little one of those two while you're at it. And for a little dog, I'll tell you that way is only ten pounds. Did you see the story at 48 hours mystery last night about that little kid, 11 year old kid, he weighed 45 pounds, 22 pounds. Oh, I shouldn't, this is one spot. Impacted feces. And they had the trial or the parents and the doctors and the whole thing. Of course, the parents were found not guilty. How could you not know? 45 pounds, 11 years old, and the kid died from he had the parrot and nightis. Infection of the stomach because he had all this. And I'm thinking of myself, everybody's a parent. And we produce. Be criminalized, put in Florida. Oh, black. Oh, black. You're not a rat. You're a dog. And are ready to your done today. You have yourself down from prison, but you're friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you all. We'll back you all. You'll be spending your life you want to die. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter. When you pass your heater in every alive sense you will be deadly. So many times today. Let's see. Are there a good way to become a girl? And all our friends. Everyone. And for the child. And for the child. And for the child. And for the child. And for the child. And for the child. So I'm doing your skin. And for the child. And you'll be spent your life to all the. Come on and die today. I was going, eh? It's 145 at 560 WQM, driver and crash ticket at earlier. Did you see this? The driver of one of the cars involved in that drag racing accident that killed three people over the weekend received a speeding ticket shortly before the gruesome crash Hollywood police said on Monday. Before the fatal drag race, the driver of the Ford Mustang, first of all, Mustang should be taken off the road right away anyway. People who drive Mustangs are assholes, okay? Let me tell you as a proud Corvette owner. Let me tell you right now, Mustangs. Those are the people that they got a very tiny penis in a real complex about it. Mustangs are for punks. The driver of the Mustang Glenn Blackledge had been taken by an FHP trooper for speeding on 595 and stopped to buy four cans of Heinrichin. They already had an unopened 12 pack of beer in the car. Hollywood police sergeant, Frank McGarry said, how do you like that? See, and one thing about what the table I understand, they've been watching too many old James Dean movies, which is only three of them, but like rebel without a cost. First of all, drag racing is for a punks anyway, like me, you know, I mean, if I'm at a stoplight and some wise guy there in his guy then Mustang 5-0, it's sitting next to me. Yes, you know, I'll be more than happy to show him who's got the real car, but you, but you don't drag race for two miles, okay? That's not drag racing. It is like the people, it's just a maze is me. I'll be like at the corner, University and Sunrise, alright? Now leave some punk in the dust. And we're just talking about just getting away from the light. That shows you who's got the fast car. I doesn't mean if you go 100 and I'm sitting there still going 50 or whatever, that the car is fast, you just means you're a moron. This goes on all the time, and time again, especially at night. Think about what they're going to want to sunrise, 80, 85, 90 miles an hour. Wow, am I impressed by what an asshole you are? That's not how fast your car is, because guess what, I just might be able to squeeze that damn vet up to 80 or 90 miles an hour through. I don't know, it might be tough, but I'll work on it. I'll pay a little bit. You idiots. The way that people, the things that people do in their cars and especially in this place, on acceptable, motors, just down here, and you know something, I don't like the, you're right, the speed traps and all that crap, but make it exception down here on Iv's Dairy Road. All you porters that do you work down there, more power to you. Because every morning, I drive that five days away coming in and going out, but especially coming in the morning. 30 miles an hour, and it's not only is it a residential area, but there are houses lined on the, on both sides of the street between 441 out here in the turnpike. Heavy duty residential, with kids with a school up the street, and you try to go anywhere near that 30 mile an hour speed of the, and these people are up your ass and going around you and just get in the psychotic. You look at it, you're mirror view mirror and they're just getting crazy. They're getting crazy. 35 or 40, that is even close enough to satisfy them. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Let me say it again. Must bang, flow. Must bang. In fact, most people who drive Mustang should have their licenses revoked right now, taken off the road, never permitted to drive again. Something about having a Mustang, even if you are a good driver to start with, once you get behind the wheel of a Mustang, you lose it. There's a whole thing with your mentality, you just lose your perspective on life. And of course, if I had to drive a crappy little Mustang, I'd probably have a complex too. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. About the stadium, is you, yes. Yes. Talking to my conformist, Laming neighbor, and he's already conceded, he says, they got up, they got to spend the money. That's not true, is it? What does that mean? He means, well, they might as well build it because they got to spend the money. They got to spend rope money. I said, I said, this is something you have to hold on first. Yeah. And, well, money is he talking about? There is no money. He's talking to me. I don't know who's been talking to him, but he said, it's a done deal here and for a loan. No, it is not a done deal here and for a loan. Another is no way that they can pass this without the public voting on it. And I guarantee you the public will say, no, yeah. Okay, because I do you, you put my heart. My neighbor, in fact, if I were you, I'd move right now before. Before, how seriously before, two of the staff know I'd be living someplace else? I'll put the sign up now. Okay. All right. Good luck. Yeah, it's a done deal. See, we got out of that with his last exercise in date, county with at penny sales tax. And the overwhelming know of the public and some people actually turning out way beyond the wildest expectations. That showed you that you don't just sit back and roll over every time they try to put something off on you like this crap. See, that's the way guys like John Henry come in. They talk like it's a done deal. You know, oh, yeah, well, we know you're going to do it. But here are the places I like to have. Here's my, if I had my brothers, I'd like it over here. How about up your record? That sounds John Henry, you idiot. Get back on your yacht and get there a lot of here and let those four or five thousand people that have nothing else in your life going on. Let them go out to the ball games, the rest of the guy in August and September, and fit in their lives away. Maybe buy a couple of fritters at the ballpark. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's a done deal, my ass. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Hello, Nian? Yes, sir. Yeah, well, let me ask the question. So what you got to bash most things for, man? Mustangs suck. No, Lake, though. I've had fun with these other things. It's a good word. Correct, ten turns, man. You know what? Nate and Manuel have COVID and I really some more of the time and I beat them. Yeah. I beat them all the time. You beat what? I beat the crap out of the car. It's a piece of crap. I mean, you crash one Corvette and it's a piece of drag. Yeah, but the people that drive Corvette, except for that 16 year old kid who's dead a game of Corvette a couple of years ago, people that drive Corvette, you don't think that's a very much like you. Sorry, you're watching him. He had a cannon on the motor, man. That's not fair. Yeah. That's not racing. I don't know. I'm sorry, but you can't have been here. I hear you had a penis about the size of an acorn. That's why I was driving a Mustang. No, that's nice. I hear. I hear that only guys were honking. I don't think I like the road drivers have a penis about the size of a corn. No, that's just me. I'm an exception. Okay, pal. See you at the corner of the university in sunrise. Love you, Nian. All right, see you. University. Yeah, the fact Joe Costello says he must have things blow. He's blowing his nose right now in honor of it. And I would agree with you. They blow. Sorry. Yeah. No question about it. See, I don't really care about it. It's just they give their source sensitive. And you want to know why they're sensitive because must things kind of like Cameroos. You know, the thing we have with the bit we play about the Cameroos, must things are like for punks who can't afford a real car yet. So it's nice. You know, they're fast. They're okay. For a life, it's like a training bra. Second of a thing. It's like a tricycle. As you're working your way up to a real car, you have to go through that phase of your adolescence. You want to must things. And then you start making a few bucks and you get rid of it as soon as you can. And then you get a real car. And then someday you get a Corvette and you really have a car. Here's Coral Geobals. Hello. Hey, New idea. Pretty good, sir. Listen with a hockey and the rise. And I came up with my list of the players. Did you critique my sixth place? List of players of what? The hockey team. The real players. Yeah. Have a very. Paul Ollinsi. Mark Barish. Ray Whitney. Brett Heedacon. Brett Heedacon. He's all right. What about Radic Dvorak? Yeah, my husband. There were a lot of people. Yeah. And what's the most important thing? What do you mean? What do you mean? What is that? What do you mean? I mean. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? What is the point? What is this? Peter Warl. Peter Warl. There you go. He'd be the man. He'd a man. So what does that mean? You made a list which means you must be bored. Did that? What does that say? What is the message? Okay. The message is he has no message. Nice, Colenceur. He heard the click. There was no message. That's the South for the hockey fan. This car right there. And there's another thing. We got a hockey arena. The cost $200 million. That is no drainage in the parking lot, by the way. No drainage in the parking lot. We went through one whole season where most of the people in the way, to couldn't see the girl whites in either end. And this guy is giving me a hockey critique on the tenth of August. And I said, what does it mean? What is the point? And it's click. It's like, there you go. Well, what does line call? Hmm. Is that sound? I'm getting more sick than I thought. 560, 50560. Or maybe it's the beginning of the hockey season that's getting me so emotional now. You think that might be it? Oh, got a true beat to crap. We got going on now. Talk about boring sitting there with the small vision. Having that baseball package and flipping back and forth. Try first of all, define again that means something. Is there a game on it means something? Unless the measure of brave, that a red soccer blue days are playing. Is there again that means anything? Oh, I'm also to Dodger game, which of course we all hope they lose their beginning with their 80 million dollar payroll and their Kevin Brown. That makes, I know something. That makes me so excited to see that. I can't begin to tell you how to throw that in the sea best. Let's take a look at the Dodger's record by the way. Spinner all that money out there. Kevin Brown, here's a real team guy for you, baby. That's what they say about him in San Diego. There's a real team guy. There's a guy that's really loyal. He's a whore is what he is. Even Kathy Whillett's is an outstanding citizen compared to Kevin Brown. Oh, look at that Los Angeles. They're after the Colorado sweep by the Marlins over the weekend. Colorado's in last place. Nice growing there, Jim Leeland. Los Angeles, 50 and 62. They're 12 games under 500. They're 13 and a half behind. They're 13 and a half behind. Arizona. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I love it. 560560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. And if we had anybody calling me, respond to my direct question. So far, I laid the challenge out there for you. Maybe we'll wrong. Maybe all the rest of us are a bunch of solid pie, okay? Sour poses. Maybe baseball really does bring enhanced our community and bring all these things Whatever these things are supposed to be that the in-nose paper says. It's our national past. That it means to the community and the families and to whoever. Come on. Let's hear what those things are. I'm waiting. We're waiting for specifics. Here's a mobile and pop-in. Do you have a chance to watch the Woodstock reunion special on VH1? You've got to be kidding me. I know. I watched that. Well, I was there. They showed, I'll be called the trip tent. And when I was having a problem, they didn't dare. There was no trip tent. When I was there. The way he'd be gravy was there. It was just great stuff. I missed those times. How do you supporting Bill Bradley? Four minutes still known. At five, 60 of this guy. You're just, you know, pathetic living in the past. I'd rather be a little bit of a pleat, too. He's really articulate and forceful is what I like about him the best. But he wants more of Josh wraps. So let's hear it for Bill. I don't know. Bill Bailey instead of Bill Bradley. How do you like that? Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. The Pomp five, six, the only 18 and the wireless line. You know, they were talking about how they had all those rapes at the Woodstock 99. And they did. In addition, which I was reading about how sexists most of the guys were there and how they treated the women like. And then the mosh pit, the women were getting like, uh, fondled and hassled and be rated in abuse and grabbed and squeezed and raped and mosed. And guys, you're going to, yeah. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. What are you doing, boy? A lot of time. I'm going to stop you. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. I'm going to ask. Roll, roll, roll, roll. That's what he did now. You take your left foot out. You do, don't keep your feet. They take this, roll up out. And he's such a stupid step. They do look like they're over-same. If you ever catch me, do it in a nervous, every frame. For the bullet is not great. But you're right, body. Who is the hookie, poke it. Take your right foot out. Who is the hookie, poke it. If that hits you, do it. That's it. Who is the hookie, poke it. Oh, shake your rope. That's out. That's who is the hookie, poke it. That's who is the hookie, poke it. No. That's who is the hookie, poke it. I never have to take that. You know, we did a real big step on it. We'll actually have to pay sales tax in the eighth county. Now we've got to do a thing about Ricky Martin. That's where we have to vote on next. Let's ban Ricky Martin as what I said. I don't like the Puerto Rico. Get him out of here. God, I can't stand him. Here's a four-water deal, huh? Yeah, you'll hold on. Okay, sure. That's good. Yeah. And as far as you're coming about, beef boat goes here. I don't think it'll ever fly here. You know, football and the price does as well as does here. But baseball, I don't think we'll fly here because it's not a very passionate town like New York or Cleveland or anything like that or even Boston. But there's one other thing I had to talk to you about because I went home last night and we got this newsletter up in Pompano from this animal-right group. Yeah. And they said that all these signs we've got in the polls, about missing dogs and cats. They said that the Haitians are moving in and they're eating our dogs and cats and things up there. Oh, right. They're starting to crash. They're setting traps for the dogs and the cats and then they run. So this way they could eat them. They call it chicken. And I was like, you gotta be kidding me, right? And she says no. We got this morning that we have to keep all the dogs and cats inside. So this way they don't get eaten by the Haitians up there. Yeah. Okay, actually good news. We have a bad phone there. Thank God. You know, a little bit too much jerk chicken out there. I think it's what the problem is. Maybe a little too much jerk pork. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp five, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Dokeh. Hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Hey, I got it called earlier about that money. It's for a lot of them. He is correct. I worked for the Chamber of Commerce before a lot of them. Yeah. And there's a surplus of money that has been stashed for like a emergency situation. You mean like, do you mean like for new schools that kind of thing? I think that might be what it's for, but there's a Henry's been up there. No more time to fact. He just left this morning. And if you're the Peter, they're going to go ahead and push this thing through. No way. There'll be a revolution in this town if they put what they pulled out. Come on. See, here's your gun. They're going to get a lot of noise. You got a bunch of cash going around up there. It's going to go somewhere. Yeah. You see, I want to say this to you. Okay, with all the respect and that is that any parent in Broward County who's going to sit back and permit that with a CREP public school system that you've got in Broward County is going to sit back and allow that should have been fixed before they ever reproduce in the first place. You're not going to be a parent if you're going to sit back and the stats it's going for that CREP. And I'll tell you that right now. Whether you like it or not. Make a little more noise Jeff from the pizza law. Perfect. 567.05. 60. Got you. Look, extra. What's you? What's with it? You look like CREP on wheels, man. Probably just came from getting late. Okay, 567.05.60. Pizza law. The only place in America where you get fake condoms with every pizza. And pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Pretty used unfortunately. Hold the sausage. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Lead in sunrise. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you today? Pretty good. Good. I just wanted to comment on the drag racing thing. Yes, please. You know, only crazy people drag race. Only overgrown children. I know. Go ahead. And let me tell you something. Did you watch the news with those kids that their friends are dead and they're still sitting here. Saying, well, I don't have to handle my car. Right. So, you know, what about the people with children in their car that are innocent and get hurt over these people? Yeah. You know, that's all I really wanted to say. Okay. And another thing. When my dad's 25 years minimum. Right. When my dad's horse gets back in the pump, it'll give you condesive good tips. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Five minutes more noise, Jeff. Five six, seven, five, 60. Five, 60. On a mobile one line. It's a pizza pizza log. Not the best. Not the fastest. Just the noisiest. Just make a lot of noise and get a lot of free publicity. That's the way Jeff has been. Five, six, seven. What do I keep pumping these numbers? I'm all pumped up now because maybe I'll get that bonus check tomorrow. You hear that story? That I had to get on here and act like a shot, which was due yesterday. And it doesn't come on my paycheck today. Only the beesley read way, baby. Only the way. And of course, if I was where we'd, I'd be hiding my face too to be doing business the way he goes. Next time you get a bill from this place, by the way. Just set up notes. I'll pay you when I get ready. That's the way to do it. Jeff, pay him when you get around. That's the way they'll admire you more. They'll respect you more. They'll say, there's a good business man. He's like, oh, he pays his bills. What is good and ready? If ever. Here's a lady in Highly. Hello. Hello? Yes, man. Yeah, if I want to know why is it the only fashion woman on your show. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Lady. Come on. Come on. You mean you're thinking about it or wrong about the answer to questions? Come on. Let's see if you can figure it out. Let's make sure. What's the good on my ass? Yeah. Oh, yeah. And she said you want to stick her finger in her neck. Some are close. Okay, Jeff, there you go. Trace that call. Jeff will be over any second now. Service with a smile. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pomp five, sixty. Unimitable one line. That's right. We understand this weekend. A special at the law. Three sloppy seconds is what they're going to be given. Here's here's a mobile and four law today. Hello. Amy, are you doing? Okay, sir. I'll tell you. I'm fit. You got the. The nail hit on the head here. These people are on drugs. To think that if you read that editorial in the Sun's Channel. Which one? Yesterday. Yeah, of course. I've been talking about it for two days. I've got the car. Maybe people are on drugs. If the editorial board. Yeah, the area where they provide aье does. So. Think of the Blueаков and some good things like that that's. The each part pretty�. It's a loosing is a lot better than any host. And then Chandler said that's for the disclosed day. So then something just maps up in theL Gulf. You long. Right. there. I'd try it. It's bizarre. I think people are on drugs. There's they're absolutely out of their mind. Okay, just saying no, pal. No. To John Henry and the Sun Sentinel. No. Okay. Yeah, John Henry, but he sets a nice guy. You know, that's the pitch. He sets a great guy that you just look at him and you want to reach in your pocket and just every time you got just handed over. Here you go John do whatever you want with it. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah, we agree. And you mark my words in these next weeks and months on his station. There's still to be these people debating, you know, which side is best and is it going to be best over here and best over there? Instead of just, you know, putting their foot down and saying no way Jose, cut the bull crap. We don't need this. We don't want this. Nobody in their right mind wants this. A $400 million stadium for a handful of lunatics who have no life and have nothing else better to do. I say if you want to take public money, let's build a swing club on every corner instead of God damn baseball parks and the stadiums and arenas. Swing clubs on every street corner and get Ken Jenning and his stormtroopers out of there and let some people go have a really good time. Five signature Jeff's not in his head. He said, yeah. Five six seven. Oh, if I might have been to bring you enough food here and like for six people, what is this? Are you out of your mind? Maniac lunatic. Perfect. What are you laughing about? It's good for business man. It's great for business. Well, that's good. Just a minute and all of the ingredients. I'm stopping from us putting nine minutes back. By the way, Jeff tested positive for several things last week. Just a joke. Are they no it's just a radio show? By the way, I'll go things. Do you have a nice ass? No, I did not. Can I do this spot for for my teddy bear company? You're just going to sit there. But I was fingernails. Jesus right in the mouth. He hasn't even taken the first bite of lunatic and he's sitting right across with those blue fingernails. Oh, look at that. What's the point of graphic things on him? Well, let's see that one. I feel like a prick. I hate his face because I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm an a guy. Both of the last eight months are one or plus we am a pregnant guy. I'm an a guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. I'm a pregnant guy. Are you? 16 or five, 16, I've been to a criminal. Who are these tricks in the media that you want to bang? Just pull the mic down. You might as well do something constructive. You don't have to eat it. Yeah. No, I don't want any commentary on it. Please. No, I'm nothing to say. Some names to see you here. No, give some names. I haven't do just tell me that because I say all these things about you being a pervert, that none of the media people know the old holidays and you have your eyes focused on a couple on a few. Right, and they're restaurant and covered off in camp and things like that. Well, I think I'm a pervert because of the way you talk about when you walk. All right, we're pervert. No, I don't know. Well, you should talk a good game. I don't talk anything. You bunch of sauce on your shirt. Oh, Jesus Christ. Hey, Jeff. Yeah. I'm single now. So we can go out. You could show me how it's done because I'm out of practice. I was out of the field for ten years. I know nothing. You know, you just got to make the best of whatever. You could be a shovel along with this with a zack. Huh, a golden shovel. You know, you got to lead. It's only Tuesday. You got to lead more this week. All right. And then most guys in the audience will all munk. All the money from all this. And munk the bogus, not true. It is true. It's not true. It is true. I know that without even asking. Morning, noon and night. I sure hope that yes, God was listening. It's just a jokes. I already told her not to listen. No, let her listen. She's what how old is she? 15. Yeah. 15. And she was out of town all summer, so she didn't get to hear it. Good. Thank God. That's right. Cause a lot of it was all true. Yeah, I know. Yeah. People realize it's just a radio show. Oh, yeah. It's like, oh, yeah. It isn't real. I just make it up. It's just for fun. All right. Mm-hmm. God. I'm a fuel. Self patches now with this. What's all over my shirt? But I can put like a little sign next to it with an arrow say this. What's this from pizza loft? It was great. Uh-huh. That was cool. I don't really care. Now, I could have no plans on seeing anybody important today. So you want also my opinion on the guy on the airplane? Yeah. That didn't talk to Nelson. No, Nelson. Yeah. Right. He just needed no, you were, yeah. He must have found that out in between your visits. Yeah. Have you ever been to Toronto? Doesn't mean anything. Yeah. Next to San Francisco, to where I was probably the gay city in North American. Yeah. But if he was the people, especially younger people like in their 20s like Nelson, the idea that somebody's gay would be so secondary, so meaningless. Unless of course they're like, you know, leaders on my phone. Or I don't know what he is. No, do I care. It doesn't make any sense. That never really crossed my mind because he's just not that interesting to look at. You'll just say, just a guy. Just an ordinary run the mill. Probably freaked out and didn't know how to. Really? I thought that I was like, and the food is, food is, yeah. I didn't do a couple of kudis on a business card. I wrote a mess. That's a constant note. That's for you, Nelson. Okay. And by the way, somebody else who used those maple leaf tickets. Okay? Sweetheart. And some of you have paranoid lunatics over at the air Canada. Why don't you get a life too wide you at it? Yes, you're part of the problem too. Because God only knows what kind of crap they told him. Oh, I mean, a Rogers is chasing after you and he wants to use an interfering with you. And who knows what they said? Right. Well, that's basically what freedom is. So like I said, some of the people at air Canada, maybe we could get a group, be a little bit there like a shrink for some of my good friends, a little bit of air Canada for like spreading all this psychosis and whatever, neurosis. And how you could listen to you, and because let's face it. I mean, when it comes to the world of perversion, I'm not even in your league. Maddie, right. Right. You're way beyond. I'm trying to catch up at my advanced age, but I don't think I got too much of a head start if you're part of that expression. What tell us about that plane trip, do you took? No, I went to a great concert. Yeah. It's not about to plane trip, not the concert. That was bumpy. The concert was not on the trip. It was bumpy. Yeah. And what about the flight? It's bumpy too. And I hope you do take on that trip. You got to know that. You just said your daughter's not listening. How young is too young, yeah. And I don't remember. So what? You said it sounded like OJ now. That's the overall coming in there for meals. Yeah. Do you think that like, does it come in? Absolutely. Have you, do you take away the chirps over where when the red comes in? No. He's all right. He eats a lot, man. He does pack it in, man. And the food too. Very nice guy. In fact, you see that instrument over there on the table. We got to eat the bottle. He did borrow it. Really? And we really took it back. Pack that into. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight. He's been, that's what he said. Those are his words. I'm not making that up. Maybe you'd like to hear him really take it, was it? What? He took it with Roy? Yeah. He, there was sitting up. We're talking about the black Dillos. And this is radio. It was sitting up. You see what a Jack Mark sign is up on it counter there? It was sitting up there. Ah. Ah. Sign. Ah. I am. Ah. I am. I am. I'm talking. I'm jaggin on it. Oh, I'll take over. Pizza. I am. I'm chokin on your food. Wouldn't that be great way to die on your. I took out what a Jeff's meatballs. So anyway, we're still not on a counter. And he came in here looking for a free cigar, which he's a incredible free loader. I forgot that I was OG. And he saw the things that I've been, oh, I got to have that. And he was looking out of there. And it was gone for days and days on end. And one day he finally brought it back. Looking. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm keeping my, this was taken pristine in virgin condition out of the box. Doesn't want to know any longer. Right. And you can see from there that it's like been well used. You need to take a baby like to. Yeah. Yeah. I am, I'm chokin on your meatball. I went down a wrong hole. And the meatball too. Yeah. That's a right. I said, what happened to that black thing? You said it went down the wrong. Orifice. So anyway, Jeff comes and says, come by the pizza loft. And if you look really hot in your horny and desperate. Not true. It'll be more than happy to hook you up. And all you got to do is bring your hot wives. All you people that are getting nervous about the swing clubs. They're waiting those joints. But if you come by Jeff, he's got this special room in the back. Yeah. What? You're going to put me out of there. No, I'll put you in business. I'll increase your business 10,000 to four. I'll put you in business 10,000 to four. I'll put you in business swing clubs. I'll come over there. Jeff's pizza loft, pizza and swing club. Hmm. We do have the empty store next door. There you go. Pizza's just the floor. I say go for it. Uh-huh. For a good pizza S. Come by the loft. Our new slogan. Yeah. Neocest. Right. Yeah. That's for a good pizza S. Not the fastest. Just the escort score. No views. There you go. Okay. Get out of here. Perfect. Okay. There's definitely a few people in the media. Some hot young chicks with big bread. I know that. Right ass. I did not say that. Yes. You said there's some good-looking girls in the media that I would like to date. If I were you, you have her and he's rumored. You're the one that's out here. If I was one here today, would you have even want to be seen with me? And I don't blame you. Why not? You say. Well, you don't care about it being a seeer with him. Well, it's kind of hard to go out and not be seen. Okay. Like I said, time to take my cup. Oh, God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. This guy's worse than Don Cherry. This is on the second and elgold scene. Third time I had to dump a guest. I don't even have any guest. He says, clap on here. Okay. He's so embarrassed by the truth. And it closing Jeff wants to know how young his two young. Okay. Excuse us. Yeah. Please. Well, I ought to be all set. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello? Yes, man. Oh, my God. Okay. I'm the first time listener. I'm the first time listener. I'm the first time listener. I'm the first time listener. I'm the first time listener. I'm the first time. I'm the first time. I'm the first time. I'm the first time. I'm the first time. I'm the first time listener. Okay. I wanted to come in on the baseball thing. Right? Okay. I'm thinking. I'm thinking. Oh, my God. I'm thinking that in cinnest and honestly, I'm the baseball stuff. Okay. There's these children in other countries that are starving to death. Okay. We should get these other ones in this country. Oh, I don't know. Okay. Those two. Okay. What you do is you take the country that's starving. Okay. You have them all. Right? We get these people hospital equipment. We teach them to live out the land. However, that we can, you know, whatever the land is good for. And we help these little babies have that land. I'm talking about. Listen, they have legs as big as my finger. Okay. They need help. They got ribs showing. Right? Yeah. You have consequences. You've got to like as big as your finger too. Oh, no. I don't know you did nothing to believe it. What? Don't you instead of instead of instead of instead of, we have all the money. We can help our country. We can help other countries too. Don't you think? Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. So we'd like you to out here. Don't ever call me again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the on the mobile one line. I'm still gagging on that. Great deep balls by the way. Great food at the pizza lock. Plus we're else can you get this great entertainment. By the way, Jeff came into closely inspect that black instrument that Roll. Here's color red, chill out. Make some more noise, Jeff. Color red, chill out. Okay. And I'm stalking you. Here's my knee beat, chill out. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. You were talking about a tiny before. And I just didn't even think of something. I just wanted to come to the high. But I'll mic to odds. When you start talking, I could dodge the night. And I'm not really ready to do that. And when you start talking, I can dodge the night in my room. That's my house. So if you're in front of the little radio and they say you, they love you. They can't get a day day sit there. And then everything would be dark. Not to be with people. No, no, no. What's what? What's with now listeners? I'll leave and nobody's so calm and dark on these days. You just put them in this trash, right? Yeah. I come back. I'll leave. I mean, you want for them. You know, you're like, I'm coming. You want to talk for me. And then I'll come back and hang, I'll be talking. They are so neurotic. Yeah. When I, as soon as I get in, I shut off the radio. Hang on. Not big on dog. I shut hang off. And it's off. You can just steal their right there. So free. They get going the ride. I'm surprised. They don't start ripping up their own. They're hair like they do when they're leaving with your mom. I had to tell you a gentleman's story one. No. Okay. I have a great day. I can't say how to bought broccoli too. I'd rather add it. God. You blow too much. You're in trouble. Okay. Let me just preempt a bit. I'm going to play one right now because I'm so, uh, this is so amazing to me. You just heard that promo. 3 30 to 7 30. We have our four hours of herniotic dolphin coverage for the exhibition in this Friday. Count down to kick off. And then at 7 30. I don't understand this. The whole game is on waxy 7 90 and the first half is only on QAM. But then at 9 30 on QAM, we have to join the Marlin Padre game from San Diego. So at that point we'll say, oh, 2 number to 7 90 right now. And here the rest of the dolphin game because we got a real important Marlin game on. Daddy. You know something John Henry. I'm going to tell you something. When you pack up the Marlins and leave town. We're going to throw a big party. Oh, because then maybe we'll get paid on time around his place. What's the Albatross around our neck? Is it the dolphin? Is it the Panthers? No. It's the Marlin. The Marlins are the one. That's why this station sued them and they sued back. Everybody's suing everybody up because it's an Albatross around our neck. Even Stanley Dancer never saw an Albatross like this one. Even Bert James from Windsor on Terry. I'll never saw an Albatross like this. Right Jeff James. That's right. FNA. Uh, 560, 050, 5060. Pont 560. How do you like that? I had a dump ponytail. I had a dump Jeff coming around here because he said crap. Nice going Jeff. And the purpose of his sitting down there. He wanted to prove that he's not a pervert. So we can go out with these chicks from the media. And I have to dump him because he says. On the ear. Yeah. Nice job sweetheart. Here's your field beach. Hello. Yes, Neil. Can you give me some progress on Darrell's strawberry. I was swinging his back. Yeah. Okay. Swing this. Here's your field beach. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You know, you are absolutely correct sir about the punks with the mud stank. You know, it is so true that nine out of ten people that own a new model must think he thinks are young punks. They don't know how to drive. The original penis right. Exactly. And what they do, Neil, is they'll go to the dealership. They'll finance the car for five or six years because they don't have any money. Uh-huh. You can cut. Then they'll take every penny that they have. They'll put it into the engine to try to make his fast a little corvette. And all they're left with is a fast car with zero hand-wink capabilities. That still works like a piece of crap. Look how much they can crap. It has zero sophistication. Right. Okay. And if they do manage to pay the car off before they wreck it, which is very doubtful. Mm-hmm. And all they have left is a piece of crap with a blue book value of about $20 and $25 that's convertible. Right. And that's the truth. Very, you know, very few people. There's a few girls who drive Mustang to girls, but the ones who have the newer model, GTs. I'm telling you what they're doing. You know how you show me a girl that drives a Mustang and I'll show you a real loser. I'll tell you that right now. Well, there's a few. I mean, they can't afford a Corvette. Uh, I have, uh, a 90% of the time. I'll show you an LIT, a lesbian and training. I have a 94 Corvette with a six feet. And it'll roast any stock Mustang out there. Even it's even faster than the 99 cobras. Okay. And the thing handles great. I mean, it's everything you do ever want. The boesville stereo. You know, I mean, you just can't beat it. And after these kids after they call as money into this car, like I said, they're end up with these crap. They might as well just want to buy a Corvette in the first place. And they're a real car. That's right. And they get all upset about it. Just like the religious people, they won't admit reality. They'll defend it to the end. And you're going to start getting some calls. Thank you very much. Okay. I'll see you out there on Sheridan in 441. Okay. Powerlight by the mobile stationer. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in the Gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got a Mustang man. And anytime, any place, I'll take your Wussy Corps of Ed. Yeah. Yeah. Anytime. Yeah. Why do we have to other things? People have drive Mustangs. They live in the Gables a lot of them too. Let's roll with Go Gables. What's wrong with it? It's one of the nicest. I think they're all the people. They're all the same. I think they take the AT&T assistance in the Gables. Anytime. Any place. Okay. There's an adult. He sounded like he was older than 15. And he not only owns one. He had missed it in public. I'm pretty embarrassed for it. And I've gone and Pau took a lot of balls to admit that. Anybody over the age of 21, by the way, who drives a Mustang. Now, there is a person who really has neither our growners child. Or he's just a slipper or one of the other. 560, 560, 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Okay. I'm sharing from you too. Here's a mobile and waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. You're trying to keep it real today. The reason why I don't want to Mustang is because when I drive by and pass somebody, I don't want to crack our horses. You know what? Ask you. Let me talk to you about this situation here. One thing I can understand about the sports world and self-plorer. It just raises the dolphin's tickets 20% for season tickets, and I don't even sell out. And the marlins. Brother, the marlins suck. How could we possibly consider a stadium on the worst of ever-pinned? Right. At least they should have done that after they won the series. Yeah. And again, the timing is inexplicable. If Wayne had any brains at all. You know, after they win the world series, right there, you take the euphoria of the moment. The whole town is behind everybody's and Levi's. I love you, Miami, all those bullcraft. That's when you go for the goddamn stadium. Not after you given the town two years of adject misery, the wits are literally crap in the history of mankind. Nobody has your knowledge and nobody has just whatsoever. And now you say, don't you get 10 people anywhere in the same room that wanted to hit the fuck? The marlins suck. Right. Even the 25 guys on the team will pay to these suck. Well, these people I want to build this stadium. I've heard from them. I have no idea. I don't understand it. There's something that I don't understand about the two percent rich people. I try to make the decision for the real support that people I got. Exactly. It's crazy. Have a good day. And have a great life. Oh, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. 23 to 1 at QAN. The hara case. In the world. What an amazing, interesting. The 19 happy sweet come out. I'm the country that invented it rocking world. Come out. From the country, but give you geniuses. Come marlin. From the country that give you heroin addiction. Come marlin. From the country that gives you living fast and dying young. Preferably by toky to be the other in your own vomit. Come marlin. The car for low wind losers will never own a car. Yeah, I'll be honest with you. I'd rather have a comeryl any day the week than a mouse thing. I'll tell you that right now, if he's at least a comeryl, he's a comeryl. I'm a comeryl. I'm a comeryl. I'm a comeryl. Oh man, what is infant? 560, 560, pound 560, on the mobile one line. We got 600 open lines. And it's probably one more than that. Because this one says the mobile one was pommel. Just got a ticket. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. I hang up the fork. I've got a ticket. So I just called you back. Unbelievable. Yeah. But that's not like a call. I'm going to drive in the 30. I think let's see 95 in a 70 in the guy says that he piece me that he scratched it out and put radar. So I'm going to try and beat that. Do you need 5? Yeah. Oh, you might have been an 95 right? Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I would teach that in my by the way. Whatever highway you run, that's the a speed limit. I'm 95 at 95. 75 at 75. And I don't. I found 95. Look out. I was thinking I was hoping you were going to pick me up because I swear to God. I'm going to hand the phone to the top and have you speak to him. But you didn't pick up. Yeah, you better watch it though. I know. Good news. There could be really bad news. But what made for an adventure is day. Yeah, true. So I listen. Listen why I'm calling you. There are some real jackasses in this town. I'm a big sports fan. I go to the dolphins. God. Seed and take it to the heat. Go to at least 10 Panther games. I'd see them take it to the marlins until after the world shows when they dismantled the team. So I'm telling you I'm a sports fan. I would be one of the people that would actually support building the stadium. But you got to be a man if you're going to do this stadium with what's going on around the country. Take away our problems of building schools. And just look at it even if you want from a minimal sports standpoint. Look at Seattle. They just built a new stadium. They went a hundred million dollars over budget. And they're asking the taxpayers to pick that up. Even though there was a contract that already said that the owner would take any overcharges on the stadium. You know what he's saying now? That griffy's got to go. Hello? I'm listening. Oh, griffy's got to go. Rodriguez is going to go. Yeah. So you tell me with the soft sport of sports mentality when the team starts to fuck like they do right now. And people both start showing up. That we show about all this. I'm not what you're getting excited about. Okay. It's not important. We survived for years without it having a major league baseball team doesn't enhance any way. The reputation of the city, the image of the city, the quality of your life, my life. It doesn't make the education system any better. It doesn't make the roads any better. It doesn't make it a safer, more liberal place. It doesn't stop people from blowing each other's brains out. It does nothing. Do it. This is all propaganda done by a bunch of selfish, greedy billionaire bastards who want to suck us into believing that we have to subsidize their funding. It's a waste of money. I'm telling you. I mean, they're going to do something to appease baseball fans here. Take one of the freaking, I mean, stadiums are all like that. Sir, we don't have any baseball fans here. Don't you understand that? We don't have enough real baseball fans to support a major league team. We never did have. I agree with you because I'm a sports fan and I think baseball sucks. And slow down. Okay, he's got his readers turn on the screen a little bit. Just slow down, pal. Okay, doing 95 and 70, he's calling her. He's crying about it. Slow down. Okay, pal. You're a little bit too whipped up and excited. Worked up in the pissed out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60. Look at a 600 overlives in the board here now. We find they got a little momentum. We had Jeff Cohen in here. Tom all kind of obscene stories. Had a bleep of a damn air. And this audience is better as a freaking door nail again. God is this ton. Just terminal, terminal, unbelievable. I'll sit here and wait. I just sit here and believe that air and wait. We'll just play a jacute room. I'll just mess with her once. You know what I'm gonna do? You know what I'm gonna do? You got a lot of your back door. I'm gonna walk around the beach. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. As all of a sudden, just out of nowhere they decided, well, we're going on strike now. But you know what? That's for you. That's for the soft float audience. No matter what it is. Well, of course we did pretty good there on it. 1% sales tax. And like I said a couple of days ago, you know, they kind of shot their load on that. You got a little bit. You know, regenerate a little bit. Give a chance to relax where you know, go back into the law law land for a little while. Sit around in the sun. I have some shots on strike. Yeah. And then maybe just maybe there will be a little bit of energy again. Don't count on it. But maybe we can hope. Here's a mobile and cocoa beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Now you know why I pulled that umbrella, counting man. Coco beach, that's place in the woods. That's what's that? I lived 15 years of sunrise. Oh, wait. We're probably all ladies and gentlemen, Rick. Then I moved to Palm Beach. Yeah. The parents that live in Palm Beach, from the people that live in Sunrise Lakes. Right. And the parents are the people in Palm Beach live over in St. Pete. And their parents live in four miars. Oh, sorry. I'm a long time listener. I never called you. First time I listened to you as back in February, and we'll be shuttle blew up. Right. And the tall stand may here was coming right behind you. I'm making a brief deal. We are beach and hell out of me. He's still living on that two grand I loan them. I feel like we 50 bucks. Two grand. Now it's about 20 grand now. Listen, have a great life pal. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on a mobile one line. By the way, Nick and Jeff and I, the eight to reason, not brothers. Where were told me they were brothers? I just read the name line or notes. They're not brothers. Push, right, no, it's propaganda. Who doesn't know their god damn music. What bothers me about this town? Nobody in this town knows music. Which is why when you turn on the FN, you want to puke your son. Stop. So worst music in history you'll find on the FN is market. Here's Miami. Hello. All of the time. Yes sir. Anybody that we're 50? We're going to the core of that. It's going to be a flag. Yeah. You're a flag. Uh-huh. And one is a good material star pal. Is that a vector material that a month-daying driver can get? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I read my case. Sick to edge duty and I idiot, okay? See, one thing about the month-daying. This guy again, he's in more than 21. And he's embarrassed. That's why he's so pissed off. He's embarrassed because he knows that any guy over the age of 21. It's a kid's car when you're 18, 19. What are your early cars? You know? What are your most things? And you're juicin' all up. You don't want to make a real fast. See, first of all, let me just tell you this. I was just telling you, he's okay. And by the way, Joe Costello apologizes, that auto racing show in his uncertainty morning is causing a lot of people to die. And he apologizes, but he needs the money. But very seriously, when somebody goes into a dealership and says, oh, I want to buy this car because it's real fast, a speed freak, which is usually young guys or guys with a very, very tiny penis or who are impotent or both. Most people, we all have the guy named Speeddem in police standing by. The sales guy stalls around for a couple of minutes. And all of a sudden, the Speeddem in police come screeching in. Take the guy's driver's license away permanently because that guy is going to kill some people sooner or later. Probably sooner. You show me a guy that buys cars because they're fast and I'll show you a danger to our highways. I'll tell you that right now. Now, just because I have an NS action to Corvette, don't assume and because I did have two for hours and a Porsche, don't assume that because I have all those cars that I'm a speeddem and because I'm not. They happen to be great cars. And the thing of it is if you have a car that can go fast, the feel under your foot. That's what it's all about. The feel under your foot. That Joe left through them because he gets nervous when he hears about the feel under your foot because he starts conjuring up energies about it. And he gets real nervous with that foot fetish. That anti-foot fetish. And knowing that you've got the power under your foot, that's what it's all about. The feel behind the wheel of the power under your foot, that's what it's all about. Not being a child out there. It's the, oh, mine is big. It's a locker room thing. Mine is bigger than yours. Mine is fact in the US. So all of the drag racing is for a bunch of overwhelmed children. It's for adolescents, which is why the Mustang people are obsessed with that. Because it's a car for adolescents. And people with juvenile minds, real adults don't buy moustangs, real adults buy the way it's like, I never see kids driving Corvettes ever. I mentioned the other day that you know, we have this kind of fraternity. Corvette people don't talk about the friendly ones, not the assholes, which there's a lot of those. But differently what, and you see a guy in the thumbs up or you wave or you hop the horse, and you flip the lights, whatever you do because people who are adults drive Corvettes. And it's not that expensive. It's 40 grand. Yeah, for a punk like you, it may be expensive. But 40 grand. I'm not talking about like 70 and 80 grand for those other expensive cars. For those over price hot shot imports. Who don't need to spend 80 grand for a car? But for 40 grand, you get a fantastic Corvette. It's a beautiful thing. It looks great. It feels great. It rides great. They got the rattles and all the bumps and all that crap out of there a couple of years ago. What's not to like? And so when you're driving around a highway and you look, it's to see who's driving at that. It won't be some punk. It won't be some prepubescent punk going through a second childhood sitting there. It'll be some middle age or a bag like me going through a third childhood. That's what it'll be. And so you can talk about bags all you want, pal. But this bag's got $299 Corvettes. How you doing? My head or sexual friend? How you driving it? Where you driving it? Blackdoms. You're figured. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hey, there, Dale. Okay, sir. Great show. Children with little play toys. Kill a people on the road. I'll come up with my butt off. But the thing that's getting to me, Dale, is the fact here that they want to lose stadium. They can't put anybody in a stadium. They should move them over to the old Yankees stadium and throw a lot of del. That's a route what this team is worth. That's a nice pull-up. Yeah, I'm originally from up north. And up there we have a safe stadium which is fall on the spot. And you don't need people complaining about it. It's been way which is fall and down. Everybody loves it. It's still get 35-40,000. Yeah, but that's history, friend. They're going to replace it. Yeah, I know it's a shame. It really is. I was crying when they tore down the ball. It's been gone. And I just wanted to say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You've had one of my role as a neat people disguised as yellow suits in the fleets center. Yeah, you've got a love it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Everyone's gay man. All you got to do is watch on TV. And there's all those people disguised as empty yellow seats. I got you there. I mean, I love the old garden where you couldn't see. You shouldn't buy a bowl. Just like in Toronto, man. Maple Leaf Gardens was one in a million. It was the greatest place to watch a hockey game in the world. Another got the Urcanada Center. It's as still as the inside of an oxygen tent. Yeah, well, I just want to actually arrange it, man. But I finally got my cup. And I'm wishing that someday you get your cup. Hopefully this year. Well, I still got my four. I'm an old farce. So I still got the four. I'm supposed to have a break. I don't remember. Take care. Yeah. I remember what's talks about Lee Talkie. Huh? Let's do that. You want to do that? No. That'll be the end of the show. Come on. Let's talk about Bobby Pulford and Dick Duff and David Keyon. In fact, my hobbit's in the bill's stew and wasn't named Ron Stewart. And Billy Harris, let's do that. Johnny Bauer, Terry Sawchuk, Don Simmons. Who? Well, I'd be talking about. By the way, Nelson, how's those hockey tickets coming? Okay. Very nice. The original. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the unimobile one line. See, I'm going to be coming from now on. I'm not talking about my life as far as I enjoy. I'm just talking about when I go to a public place. I'm just going to be a permit. I could be your port, put blinders on. Don't talk to me. I won't look at you. I'm just here to get on a guy named Plane. Okay. That's all. Just think you need to hell alone. And that goes for all my side. Got it. Good friends. You're a candidate too. Okay. Get yourself some psyche. Okay. Get a wife or a big good start. Are you silly, fagglers over there? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yes, hello, Neil. Speaking. Yes, I had a core red man. There was a piece of crap. Then I brought all of Mustang man to best car. I wanted to say it's not a bad boy. Draft a track's crap, pal. Sounds like you would fit in a Mustang like like, OG's hand in that glove. Just flip it right in there, baby. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Yeah. And then that the city of Miami is dead. Okay. Let's talk to some real people. Okay. Not people that sound like they just came out of a goddamn Drug and Stuper. Let's talk to some real people who can really speak the language. All right. That's going to be a prerequisite on the show from this moment on. I'm part of talking to in our particular team. You know, you know, you know, you know, you see. What? What you'd be speaking, man. Speak English. Articulate. What if you're a little bit okay. Take your teeth out of the physical ass and stick them in your mouth a little bit before you make a phone call to a radio show. To a high paid show like this one, where maybe tomorrow I'll get my goddamn bonus. Maybe. I'm interested to know. But who knows with this outfit? All right. I get to know where the envision what's going to happen here tomorrow. Oh, they're over nighting at today. Remember the last time I had a problem a couple of months ago. And they were overnighting. Well, they're the FedEx guy. I forgot to pick up the package or whoever was not FedEx. What's the other one? The airborne Express guy forgot to pick up the package. Yeah, right. These people have got more goddamn stories than Carter's got pills. And let me say it again. If I were Greg Reed would thank God, I'm not. I would bring Neil Rogers, bonus check. And his paycheck in here on a silver platter. And I'm not asking for it on a silver platter. I'm just asking for it when it's due. Wow. Well, he sure is. He's a payment in the ass, any? He wants to get paid when he's supposed to get paid. What a prick he is. It's a 1256-56-56-56-56-56-56-56-56-56-56. You can't wait for him to get paid. He's a huge amount of money. He's a huge amount of money. He's a huge amount of money. He's a huge amount of money. He's a huge amount of money. Hey, guys. Have you ever wanted to tell your girlfriend what's really on your mind? Like when she asks, you need a bit, maybe the bed. Well, now you can. With the Mr. Hanking Method Service. Hello. Hello. He's home. I hear that you're having a little wait. Problem. It's usually as right. You've got more chance in a Chinese phone book. What the fuck are you talking about? With the Mr. Hanking Method Service, you can get it all off your chest. And she'll never even know it to you. Oh my gosh. You got this, you stank. I can smell it all the way over here. You little motherfucker. Girl, tell you you piece of shit. If her ass is getting big, let her know. Call 1-800-Hanky-1. Okay, 1-025-6-6-2-2. Hanking 2. Hanking Goldberg over here too from... In the studio. And then we got the... Donnie be talking that baseball crap. And we got the giant... No, no. You have a giant chicken. And tomorrow we got a ballgame of 12-30. By the way, we're preempted last hour and a half. Let's have a damn party at Mommy's house tomorrow. Let's hear it. Oh, he's nice and early. 5-6-7-8 on, by the way, during the news, during the news. Right. Do we have news on this day? Yeah. You're going to commercial break. Somebody called in, who said they don't want to be identified on the air to the month of speak on the air. Somebody who recognizes voice. Obviously, a forward dealer. He says that one thing that Mustang drivers all haven't come in. Everyone who drives a Mustang suffers from genital wards. Okay. So, when you walk up to something in the Mustang, you're just stuck alongside somebody in a Mustang like a stop line. Just roll the window down and say, hey, pal, what's new? And then get back in the car wheel quick and block the doors. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, New York. How you doing? Speaking of all this insanity with the stadium total insanity, I've been playing that baseball bat. You know, I think it's the one with Darrell Strawberry. It's nothing, uh, boom, ball. It was nothing, bowling balls? Yeah, it's nothing, ball balls. It's nothing, ball balls, yeah. Yeah. Can you play that bit? No. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T. I didn't know there was strawberry snuff, snuff, snuff balls, huh? Maybe that's why I want to get back in a lot of room real quick. Here's Holly, wood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Works new, that's pretty funny. Yeah, listen, I had a play between 60-7-much bang. Yeah. Grand Noo. More 60-7 was a real car. 9-16-16-7. Yeah, that was okay. And I have to take exception to you comparing a board and size to an acorn. Yeah. I mean, I'm hung like a much. Uh, yeah. Horses wish they have what I have. Yeah. And the shower, I looked like a lyrical horse's ass. I think it's what you're talking about. Back to him. Yeah, he's got one of those from Hended Toe. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T wireless line. Some desperate people with some real stale material at the table. I can smell it all the way over here. Here's a payphone in Miami. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. Listen, two things. People that drive mustangs are only gritty pennies. And yet it's thing about baseball, baseball's like for people that are over 70, have nothing to do on a Saturday afternoon and just sit home and fall asleep between Emmys. You know what I'm saying? I mean, I tried to send to a baseball game once. But, and I fell asleep. Yeah. You know, I won't tell you. You know, now that you mentioned that the idea of watching an entire baseball game, from start to finish, is so unacceptable to me that I can't imagine that anybody could do it. Any of you can call somebody to do that? No. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T wireless line, which is why you'll notice, even when the early 70-0-5 start. Even in games that are close, they're competitive. When it gets to be about the sixth or about the seventh inning, you will watch the, on those very rare occasions. When they pulled back into camera shows you the real thing, you will see that you're going to be able to do it. You can't even see the real thing. You can't even see the real thing. You can't even see the real thing. You can't even see the real thing. When they pulled back into camera shows you the wide angle shot, and you can see the 1500 people are left in the state, and you take a look at how many people are left there, baby. Somebody gave him the ticket, or somebody sucked them into buying the tickets already. So they felt they had to use them, but thought of spectating the hangar wound too long. That's how stimulating it is. That's how captivating it is. 5-6-7-0-5-60, pound-5-60 on the AT&T line. Here's Davy, hello. Hey, how you going Neil? Yes sir. I thought I would talk a little bit of hockey. Why? Well you like to make the least. Yeah. Oh, when Jim went to play? Okay, great. 560560 here old bowler, boss. You're at, yeah. That's pretty interesting. That's a great conversation. A list of names. That's really talking hockey, baby. How about Brian Glenney? How about spinner Spencer? How about any shack? Yeah, great Kelly. And now we're talking to a real hockey. A list of names. Oh, I'm getting goosebumps. All right, I know. No. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yeah, no, no, I'm sorry. Okay sir. I'm just wondering if the radio station helped many people reach the wide East. These days don't have an 800 number. Because they're cheap. It's nothing complicated. The same reason I don't have my bonus check today when it was still because they're cheap. And because they don't want to spend any time that they don't have to. But in 800 numbers, not even expensive. I have friends in mind that have been there. Yeah. How embarrassing is that? Let me try to, let me try to cause maybe you missed the story earlier. Okay. One of our people that works off the year here went to office depot yesterday. He was picking up a few odds and ends, you know, like, staples and things like that. And he brought a mouse pad for a dollar 58. Okay. What's the mouse pad? For computer for something. Or your mouse, you know. Okay. You put it under your mouse if you have one. Yeah. And so he brings it back and our, we call her the water now. See the office manager, the able brown of the place who's out like this because she's smoked to many cigarettes. She said, don't ever do that again. We have plenty of those. This cost a dollar 58 cents. I'm not making a story officer. And she bitched him out and cost him out because he had the audacity to spend 150 out of the company's money on a mouse pad. Do you get the message now? Guys, you're cheap. Now you got it. Well, can you click read help? Oh, yeah. There you go. There's a rocket sign. This land is the big shot with a bee's leaves in his wife's money. Yeah. Greg Reed. He's going to dig down deep. And you know what? He comes up with a big down deep. Yeah. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a call from Rhode Island. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. It's wrong with you. The most things in American icon. Yeah. He'll be peace of crap. Yes sir. He's always like her. How's he doing? On Xphonic firebirds. How's the camera in the firebird? This continues. Why don't we ask you how many corvettes of you own? I haven't owned any. So how do you know about him? Because I know people that don't own them. They're they rattled? No they don't. They got their rattles out. I can't take the break to do it. I screaming hysterical friend who doesn't know what he's talking about. The last two years, every single last rattle is gone from the Corvette. Oh, you got lucky because they don't know if you get a suit up on that hunk of metal crap. Let me add it again. There's nothing like having an asshole call in who does nobody's talking about. It doesn't cost $8,000. In addition to which you don't get a tune up on a Corvette. Pass a history. Norb it to get to tune up anymore. Okay. I hate to break the news to you sir. You're a little bit confused with the news. You don't know your ass from your back. No, bo. Calls allegedly from Rhode Island on his dime to argue a big son of the dance. You know, you talk about something important. And he said he ran out pump the numbers and pump the numbers and can't buy a guy damn phone call. But he get on here and argue about, you know, mine is bigger than yours is there's some stupid crap like that. And all these jackasses like him call all the way from Rhode Island. Tell me how he has a mouth thing. I wouldn't have an ounce of pal. I keep it a secret. Somebody you're age. So if he's like saying you got a way faster blow up though, you know. Even Roy even he'd be embarrassed. I'd enjoy it. Get the whole work out tomorrow, mine. You don't get the baby for something like that. With the dance and shoes and turning your baby to get those scumier seeming. It's saying you're not. Nothing is weird. It's saying you're not. It's saying you're not. Say you're not. I'm saying you're not. Say you're not. I'm saying you're not. One fourteen at five sixty wqm five sixty seven five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T line. We're taking a poll today, by the way. Anybody want tax money for the new stadium. We've talked to sixteen hundred eighty three people and every one of them said, Oh, each and every one including John Henry called it. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing okay? I went to a voice and I don't know if anybody has brought it up. That supposedly if the new stadium is built, then the fans of the dolphins are going to want their own stadium too. You know? What does that mean? The dolphins already have their own stadium. Right. But one would have retractable top. Yeah. So you don't think we've got it for the morning? Okay. Build this five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T one of your people, by the way. Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. My name's Esther. I sent a letter to Neil's Bay. And I read it this morning on here on your back. And I want to thank you for that. It was great. And the other thing is, you know, keep pushing these people. Keep knocking their heads together. Whatever the hell it takes. Yeah. I'm not paying for this guy. I love the people at Colin. Say, oh, well, we understand it's already your done deal. There were people saying the same thing about the penny sales tax. And then we're going to find some other way to do it. That's ballooning. I mean, when you take a defeatist attitude like that, that's like just throwing the towel and saying, okay, you go ahead and do whatever you want with our money. And we'll just sit back and take it. How about the better schools and hospitals and roads? Right. And how about we don't go on the door? It's out there in West Brown, not by the acres where I live. I don't have to be. I really don't need all that nonsense. Right. Don't want it. Don't even have small kids. And the overwhelming majority of us wouldn't go. That's the point. The idea that this is some kind of a public project that's for the public benefit. It's a private business. It's like a restaurant, a grocery store, a gas station. It's a private business. Right. And why should we subsidize them? Right. And we're not really getting anything out of it. We look at this supposed, wonderful build up that they gave for PPE stadium. Nothing happened there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I said that this morning. Take a little bit of a little bit of a revitalization there. No. There are shopping set on equids. No. No. No. But anyway, I just wanted to thank you. Okay. I still keep it up. You have a good one. And don't forget what John Henry said. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. He just keeps saying that over and over again. You want to know why? I'm crazy. I must be nuts. Because he must be both of the above. The things that we're going to get sucked into this because the newspapers put that a toilet there. Oh, this is wonderful. Bring the ballpark to Broward. When it doubt hammer it out. Hammer this. Yeah. Hammer it out. Even a hammer eight. Fine. You're talking about it. I'm trying to. The hammer says stick it to you. That was funny. What up your ass? With your goddamn bull crap at the Sun Sentinel. You know, it wouldn't be great. I mean, what a breath of fresh here. He had like an alternative like a real new. I'm going to talk about city link in the new times because nobody reads those unfortunately. But I'm talking about like the village voice like an alternative newspaper in this time where they had some guys with some balls who weren't owned by the establishment who actually told it like it was. Who had the guts to step out and say, you know, if we had Casinos here the last 15 or 20 years, we wouldn't have to worry about where the money was coming from for education and roads and whatever and then use them whatever else you want to build. We'd be up to our goddamn eyebrows in money. Oh, we don't want that. And if you're not sure, just read both the local newspapers. They'll tell you every five or six weeks just to make sure that we don't want that. That evil one I'd banned it. Here's cruel people. Hello. Code equals. Yes sir. Okay. How you doing? Okay. You sound all worked up and that's good. Neil I was in Toronto a few weeks ago and I needed a haircut late in the day. I had a lot of things to do. I had a lot of things to do. I had a lot of things to do. I had a lot of things to do. I had a 66 must hang. When I was a kid, but today I'd kill for a 66 Corvette. 67 were the good. 67. 67 were the good. 67. There you go. Oh, you only think straight on half. Have a nice day. I'm sure it's true. Isn't that ironic that all the queens are on church street in Toronto, huh? Just like having a red light district around the old church and I'm sure that I'm sure anybody going to church there. There are a lot of people on their knees going there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. No chance. Andy from Hollywood. You're going to with a winding voice. Just saying, one, you're saying they're quite your voice. I want to like a pre-adloast. And keep in mind, let's go. I just got married a few weeks ago. Allegedly. So that poor unsuspecting broad. Why didn't you listen to me? No, the answer is still. No, you're an asshole. You're a civil and you're a moron. Even the people in the audience who don't know who you are. They hate you like poison. They have Andy from Hollywood. Voodoo dolls. They wish that they could stick your ass at the top of a volcano just before it erupts. You could be the lava poster boy, Andy. And we're not talking about soap either, but don't drop it. They probably does drop it when his buddy Greg comes down from Port San Lucy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. Do you hear their bunk, but put his is what I hear. And Pomp 5, 6, do you hear the AT&T wireless line? Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You're the 997. It looks awfully light than the 998 during this six. Does that bother you that you're grabbing a rip off you? No, it doesn't look anything like an MSX. Is that it? That's the end of his material. Yeah, no, it doesn't bother me at all. I have no problems with any of my cars. And I hate to break the newsy, but I also do have an MSX. Just for assholes like you that we want to bring it up. They don't look anything at all alike. Now, one thing I will say, none of the above look anything like a Mustang, thank God. I mean, you know, it's so it's fast. I mean, if you won't misacrifice the looks of a car and the respect of the public, and you want to drive a car that leech you, you're a soup up and make fast. Great. You got it. And people are driving by and going, oh, there's a loser in a Mustang. Must be about 16 years old. And I don't big lot. Genuine young guys out there, 16, like I said, like a train drive. Everybody's got to start somewhere. It's a good beginning automobile. 16, 18, 19, once you're 20, at that point, that's where you think of unloading that piece of crap and getting a real car. Something real, like even a geo would be a step up at that point. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Hyundai would be like two steps up. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Neil, what's up? Sounds like Andy from Hollywood, that is nuts, up in his right to the box. There's ways to start in the crack a lot. There's one, there's one to get my two cents, all these people out in the relevant. I'm driving around every day. Yeah. I'm driving people, you got to move it. I'll be stopping it green light, slow down, 20 miles in that. Figure out where do you want to go, then get in your car. You don't have to say, yeah. I get you to be looking no more. That's why that's where it is redlighted out there. Sometimes I want to roll out if you like to. Some of these people. I'll take some lightest numbers down, pal. Okay, I'm waiting. That was waiting for the greatest stuff I've ever came. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hey, Neil is a striven here, coconut grove. I saw some off the side of the road. It almost made me have an accident. Yeah. There's a billboard right on bird road and Dixie Highway right off the road. It says Cape Pasa and sports. It's all in Spanish. Yeah. It has a picture of a guy that looks just like you. Yeah. I almost ran off the road because I thought you were going to be doing like some Spanish sports talk show. Well, it's not the bag of this. Yeah, that's going to be on Waffen. You better call your lawyer, man. They're like ripping off your likeness. I think these holiest sports nerds are going to start doing a circle of jerk when they see that. Think that you're going to be, you know, talking Marlin's baseball on a snow or something. You know, I just want to let you know that. Okay. Mocha scrossious. Better read that other call might be Ed McMan in Espanol. It might be Nelson. 560, 505, 60, pound 5. Well, I heard it's a big human name. And pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. That's what George always says in between the right numbers down on the yellow, or legal pad and reading city link magazine and screaming at people that don't like him. That's all right. Once you get back from your through line, his brains will be like you're all here now. To get some fresh air up there. Maybe. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I know. Change the place here. I think it's, uh, I appreciate if you could play that song. That's not a change of pace. It's a request. That's not a phone call. Okay. I'm going to change the pace when it's a request. Sit down the park. You know, of course not. I'm not going to play sitting on a bench in Del Rey. If not sitting on a park. Put it in park. Okay, pal. Get out. Go to the side of the road. Sit down on the ground. Kind of play your naval and just, uh, you know, get a life. Go to change the pace. Could you play sitting on a park in Uranus? No, I don't think so. But have a nice life. God. 560, 50560, pound 5. He must also have gender to watch. He doesn't even have a Mustang. He can't afford one. He probably takes the bus. We don't want to make fun of you. People who ride the bus. But, uh, we are. We're laughing at it. Here's a, an old money beach call. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. People who ride the bus. Dave, start laughing already. Listen, I got a couple of comments to make. I'm the stadium issue that you were talking about. Yeah. I am all for a new team for the Florida Mollon. I don't mind supporting it. I don't mind paying my kind of money. Well, great. You go ahead and you pay for it then. I don't mind doing it. And I'm sure there's some people out there that don't mind too. Um, well, I mean, everybody knows it's sounding and I won't get into it. But I would like to ask what song in the dance. What's the song? They did to the team and everything. But they got understand it. It's not Mr. Henry's valve needs to re-build. Oh, they're, let me answer you. Did Wayne High's rig of the heat rate wave in that man tie and leave on and all these guys? No, no. No. Okay. I'll double check. No, but it's kind of frustrating. And I don't know what does that mean? It's frustrating. You're just talking to them. Having all these young kids and then losing and everything. But they won't for no reason. Yeah, all of that. Now, there you go. That's going to turn to everybody in town or by any other. There's still nobody going out there sir. And there nobody, if they won't ever be gained from not only in the season, there would still be nobody that would care except you. Don't you understand that if you want to pay for it, you pay for it. The overwhelming majority of us don't want to pay for it because we're not going there. I just want to want to know I'd rather have tax money go to stadium than to school. And there you know something coming from you. It sounds like it. It makes all a sense in a world coming from you. I think a stadium is a very important. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. They're right there. Let's hear it. Let's go. That must be crazy. Yeah. Let's hear it. There's the guy. That's John Henry's boyfriend. I think all in there. Sitting all the way through this guy. He's afraid of something like an education. Believe me. They don't have to go to school to be brighter sounding than you are sir. You're a dullard. The... God. The word stupid would be a compliment for this guy. Would be an understatement. Idiotic pathetic. I mean... Stop it. Stop it. Idiotic. Exactly. But it's Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Oh! It's a good point. That's it. You're a good guy. That's a good point. He's a funny guy. He's a funny guy. He's a funny guy. What do you say to that guy? Oh, when you pick him in back, it's a graduate. Where the man's done up. Where the man's done up. Man's done up. Where the man's done up. Where the man's done up. Oh! That's it. It's been done up. read out if the sound of popular voice is still having for too long photos. Pour the word to it. you can order if I think it's your LM, you search for my will when I go, but tark "... Oh my God! So good right? So many hours every hour still... I can stand down, press the end and get me involved. The girls can't even think that guy's. She'd know how to be so bold and dry. But the fate to the show is now. Who would be the skates, but not the power? He's always having fun. Why would you charge me with the urgently dei L batt. Rcraft hands againsterdom David He's tugging a real tit in the city 거야 two 160 man three. My bride is 40 after the little bit of a sweet heart. Put sand in my room. Put sand here alone. Look at that. What is that? Oh, nothing to make you puked. Well, hey, listen, those of you who want to live in the past, you know, that's the big thing. Now with this millennium business, we keep revisiting now it's water gate this week and before with the 60s and it was woodstock and woodstock 99 and how many women are getting raped. It's great. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Hilea, hello. Hello, Niel. Yes. Call a yellow. Okay. I must be nuts. What is it? Read my lips. No new stadiums. Yeah. Don't get anybody back that plan. Niel, I don't know if anyone's ever called so let's you know this, but uh, on a late night David Letterman, uh, put on Mary King. Looks like an owl. Anyone ever call you? Let's let you know that. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. No that. See, start to talk like Larry that and listen that and damn it. These nose. You know, I'm talking about Larry. I've been doing this a long time. Yeah. No. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Got 27 minutes to kill here. It's going to be a battle right up till 2 o'clock. We can always put the beach boys back on here. And with summer and with harmonies and with uh, neurosis. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Listen about this stadium thing. I think they should go play at that stadium that we paid for down in hopes that that's empty. And if that ain't good enough for him, I think they should go play at the Miami stadium. Yeah. Yeah. John Henry's got that big 160 foot, a five foot yacht up there in June, O' Alaska. I think June will be great place for him, you know. Especially this time of the year. Yeah. I'm feeling good. I guess you can. And you know, if you've seen those new bumper stickers they got out now to say, WW JD. No. Standing for what would Jesus do? No. Yeah. They got all those out. What would Jesus do? What would Jesus do? And they got G-shirts, bumper stickers, flats. They got these people are going nuts over that. And I know what. Good reach. I know what he'd do. He'd say, stick it up. Yes. Does anybody say, okay. Thanks. What do you think Jesus? Thank you. Think he had a point maybe. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, 1st line. They get crazy and crazy. You think it's only blind Wilson. The religious nuts out there. The intolerant crazy people. They're forcing all of us to us as crazy as they want to be. Now, you know, this is going to be a short call. Okay. I'm predicting that right now because it says 14 loosely. Now, how many people do you think could be possibly calling here? I'll let it in. Yeah. See it is. What did I tell you? Greg and his boyfriend. Yeah. I guess they're doing a little phone sex right now back in 40. Can you hear the escort? Voice you're on the outside of the phone there. Must have dropped it in the guy named Fishball. Because it's your one nothing else. 560, 560, pound 560, on the 18th, 1st line. Where ever it is? Moon shine. Hey, remember Mike Moon shine by the way. On the old WS News is, I was Ellie Gray and Mike Moon shine doing by the way. How's my old buddy, Sid Levin from KAT, do you know? How come I never, how come I never get a note from Sid Levin? Say, and boy, I put you on here 23 years ago, Neil, I'm sure, and bear us by it. How come when the last book came out? We never had nothing for Bond Green and I'm my good friend, Cheryl over there at Cox Broadcasting. They got nothing else going on over there. That company keeps buying up cable companies in this company and that corporation in billions for this in billions of. They couldn't squeeze a few bucks out to keep bus going over there. And I would be, could they? Oh, no. Couldn't do it. Cutters lose the passion who paid me off for seven months. Thanks a lot Bob and Cheryl and Bob Neil. All you other great robbers up there in Atlanta. Packers up there. Yeah. Yeah, I heard that WSB, okay. I'll try to keep it a secret. Neil Bourd, oh, my God. Oh, what a station at is. The flagship station of Cox Broadcasting, WSB in Atlanta. You can, you can, they all, now how that's happened. They all know, because they got one finger in the nostril all the way up to their brain. Yeah, if you keep your face hanging out, you sound like that. That's what they all sounded like up there at WSB. And a fitch in, like you're going to talk about a cracker town. All they do up there is voice of this brain's up. And make it us local. Thank God we're not in Atlanta. Let's hear it. Talk about a bad sports town. Wow. The Hawks, the Falcunes, the hockey team that disappeared but it's going to make a short return but one battery long the thrashers right and then of course we got the braves which up until the last five years when they're division area and even now you know when they feel like showing up they finally build a new stadium up there too and the novelties already were in off phone he phone he front running phone he's up there it's a busy shooting each other many gatewriters that's the problem you don't want to be a gatewriters in the landline I'll tell you that here's Miami hello yes sir I'm calling the I'm sick of hearing about all these stadiums being built all over the US even out here Miami yeah and you know like for example the Mammy Arena now it's vacant what are they gonna do with it what if they just don't know don't understand they're gonna move from highly of their moving the cockfight over there yeah yeah oh it's gonna be great oh yeah don't know get on all those days back yard over there in highly we're starting to attract you know a lot of bad elements move it on the inside you know like next thing we'll be hearing oh two years from now they're gonna want to build a new stadium for the doctor right that's right you know well what's one and then two years after that the the macarine that'll be antiquated before in the parts we need no reader for the Panthers oh yeah of course you better get with them man you better we are examining your own priorities get your value straight now mister it's a sports world it's a sports nerds that rule the world not just say no to the sports nerds to the lifeless idiots that worship the juxtap that's their problem or to closet queens if you ask me and believe me I know I know all about it you can smell them a mile away you show me a guy that hangs out like a dolphin practice and I'll show you a real faggot okay make no mistake about it a screening flaming queen that probably likes to dress up at least Panys later night I'm out of good touch yeah the best we was nice but maybe we can go see a movie now what for I would just be kind of nice I think you should just shut up and get naked well all right good evening young cheap states what a hell are you yeah we're the regular guy I'm I'm the man what oh not cheap date are we yeah what's with the point never mind that looking to just score and get home right yeah so I pay for the good stuff you're right don't worry young lady these condoms are safe as I am steady on my style yeah well I'm a cheap date but why splurge try condom brand condoms from don't you man one size fits all but you leakage may occur not made from a real substance 143 at 5.50 WQM well I got 17 minutes to go I think we might make it today and of course I think what I'm gonna do I'm gonna send a messenger spy into my morning and find out if that bonus check is here then if you know if it's here then I'll come losing on over a little bit late and if not here's Fort Lauderdale hello yeah Neil yes sir good show I'm just want to tell you you don't call the Mustang you call the me too you're at a party in high school you're talking all your buddies and they say hey we're kind of card you have you say I have a Mustang and say oh me too yeah but when you're in high school and he's much bigger you're high I think yeah and he's Mustang under the old and I like you have gathered up a minute about five and it's all the wrong yet if you know what I mean right yeah okay thanks for the good news sir me too not 560560 yeah see that's the one good thing all you must think drivers out there that's some day you'll grow up maybe if you're lucky and you all want to real car something to look forward to I mean when you have good cars it's great all of the one thing you do have to look forward to is like next year's model the brand new one you know it's got the smell and the look in the feel of a brand new car that leather oh god you can smell it 560560 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Hank over he'll be here it too he says just say no John Henry what did John Henry say to Hank give it I must be crazy I must be nuts here's Miami hello hello the LSD still hungry call me to call you up and say hello okay thanks here's Miami hello first time long time how's it over there great you know real quick I heard some somebody in mind that work talking about the um that's the whole thing with the Carnival true lines where they released that the figures that the crew members were scraping the customers right what do you know about that what do you know what do I know about it what was in the newspapers the same as you know yeah I just heard some people talking about I really didn't get the the story on what it was all about they saw them I some customer one one worker had sex with another worker something no that not workers there were workers having sex with customers molesting raping feeling grabbing squeezing oh yeah an epidemic of this going out over the years and I finally now at this late date are releasing the numbers of all this in bear assman okay all of more reason to just say the Mickey okay just flip them the Mickey one heavier stuff a great time don't go on a cruise that's my own personal advice don't you what the year out again yeah we're shwits it away so my inner cond doesn't work on the board the AC is gone out it's starting to get real smomking here thank god it's recorded too already right would walk out that's this place for you man that's this place everything fallen apart because it's the easy way the cheapest the crappiest I remember when they were going to originally build the studios over here which is what about two years ago before I even started on here and then all of a sudden we heard the construction had stopped there were no more erections going on in the building at least that we knew of what I may have been an exception come to find out that they hadn't paid the contractor contractor kind of took a they kind of amused took a hideous right on hideous road because they hadn't been paid the while and so there was a little bit of a wall there while they took up a collection over there in April that the diesel read headquarters which is probably what didn't you know didn't go cuff up all that money for Wayne and John Henry or just on time let me say it again anybody can put play big with somebody else's money or with if come money and by the way speaking of assholes the passion people god you talk about being born with a horse shoe up your back to wow anybody see that thing in the business section now the FCC as you saw the other day and they're infinite wisdom is now allowing TV companies to do the same thing they did with the radio companies and that is gobble up all TV stations now they're allowing broadcasted to own two TV stations in one large market and so the passion people with all that crap that they got that tax that the losing their ass on the passion people are doing what they always do they're selling they're selling they're selling they're selling buy and sell buy and so it's like the old home sure slot that we're starting with same thing and passion says or we could have a great opportunity of someone wanted to come in and buy the entire group and pay a heck of a premium haha yeah and that's what's going to happen you mark my words just like he sold the whole broadcast group his radio thinks he'll sell all TV stations the all these slot mice use we're going to come in and this is really great for the public of the FCC continuing to allow the whole broadcast industry to be choked off and we can control by just a small handful of large gigantic corporations totally totally against the interest of the public and totally against the interest of the people of work in this industry now the FCC is still concerned about what we say crap on here too much but other than that they don't care so first they let that must carry rule go buy two or three years ago they passed that and said oh yeah you got to carry every signal in the market even if it's buddy button that crappy packs that he's got which at the time was something even worse you got to stick that on your cable must carry so that was a boon that he even he didn't expect to get and now they come along with his crap and after all these months and months and months that packs that's been taken up gigantic dumping that packs and stock has been in the crap or along with the Wayne stock now all of a seventy falls into another gigantic bucket of crap nice going buddy bud and thanks for the seven months to pay for doing nothing thank you so much and you know something even then when I wasn't working and I used to have to drive down there to make sure I in fact write down the row here right down the 441 few more blocks and I used to have to drive down there every Monday to make sure that I got my check but you know something air being Monday I went there to the pack and building and they had my check for not working right on the dotted line there was not today after it was due not two or three days or whatever they felt like delivering it but there it was on the day that it was due every Monday which is the arrangement we made and I wasn't even on the air then I was being paid off for several months to go have a great time and you're up and Vegas all over the goddamn world thank you buddy bud that's for you you phony you got dang phony or is it gosh dang I forgot what you said about those gosh dang Italians and is yacht so even a figure I far-bis and a gorilla I can pay on time but the bees lives in Greg Reed it's like wow I will get around the world working on it that's gone Greg I'll tell you one thing about me for working in this you I must be crazy I must be not yeah that keeps running through my mind over and over again