Sports radio 560. Now that you QAM, my amy for Latterdale presents the Neal Roger Show. We're talking Neal, called 567 056. They told free for day. They told me the Latterdale. Count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is guest callers. Or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Beesley read acquisitions for the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neal Roger's on Sports Radio 569. It's Friday, you West Christie's. Fatherland Live in the Miami Can see thatquently Without your tattooens Hall practitioner pressures on both have Burme It's all matter to me, I don't care I'm so scared Outside of school is a job easy The flarrage is boring It's all the parking lot Early third and those parts of the school It's a feeling that I don't care I don't care Whatever happens to all the good things we do have Nobody is a trap It's a stroll by the badhold It's a land of the train dead So I prefer to scratch my balls instead Oh, guys don't care Who is there? Remember, I'm so small Exactly, 10.03.05.06.00 I made a bad move this morning In fact, I think I'm going to make a more move Before too much longer Well, yesterday our good friend Shannon The worst at the outback steak House, which we love, then they love us They love me, I know that And as I guess it was kind of a belated birthday And she came while singing here with a big, big plastic container Of that great walkabout soup Hmm, it's my favorite It's kind of a cheat if you ever had that cheese and onion soup Load it with pepper, boy it's really good And so it was packed, she was packed with ice And I should have taken it home I could have had half way home and I thought for myself You know something, I left that guy to him On the floor in the studio That walkabout soup There must be 40 gallons of that stuff in there And I left it there Well, say, I love it So I figured well when I come in in the morning, I'll show it out While I come in this morning And the thing is still cold Because it had been in ice And it was all wrapped up real tight And I said if you do a cow stale, it looks like that's Or I said do a yeah, bluff and jo That's still good, isn't it? They said oh yeah And Wow Well, I had three cups, okay, took a very innovative I took a little coffee cup Swigged down in there, because you have to like, like, walk the outside of the coffee cup And then you have to take a cup of coffee And then you have three delicious cups of grapes So, put you in the equivalent of a lot of bowl That's all I had But you know something about that stuff, it's good But, you know, make it sh** Oh boy, I have a feeling already Already Already I have a feeling I'm going to be racing up and down this hallway In fact, I may not make it to the door So you think it's a little gamey in here in this side Yesterday, just wait I may not make it to the door It was delicious And of course, it might have also had a little F**k, a bottle isn't growing in there too, for all I know I think I made a real, real band Mistake But it was good, it was delicious Thanks to our friends at the Outback Stake house With their best in the world, just walk about soup Yeah, you'll be walking about if he's nothing I'll hear it to you that You'll be doing the Green Apple Quickstep So yesterday I was talking about this thing about the art Sties, he was fingerprinting the priest And you see, I don't even know why I didn't find it Why would I even dignify it Stop and think what that means All you cat looks out there Stop and think what that tells you That these people are under such a cloud of suspicion So I'm trustworthy, they have to be fingerprinted But at the same time, think about this What evidence are they going to find with fingerprints? Do fingerprints leave a mark on the altar boys? I mean, I don't think so And not only that, but if they were going to take prints, they probably got to be taking fingerprints and palm prints, not fingerprints Tongprints is what sounds like they need to be Yeah, I father a tool, could you stick your tongue out here? I'm not going to put a wafer on it, we just want to take a tung print To see if you're a wiser, your tongue prints are young, you genius, Fibots Stop and think about this And you people are continuing to subsidize this air resund day You go to church and you'll stick your deloities in that day And they'll pass the plate and you'll stick your cash in there They're even even if this radio station We don't even think you're print the sales people Which we probably should Probably should start that very soon Especially the management types But they're finger printing your priest, did we have any calls on it yesterday? Oh no Finger printing members of the club Religious and lay pardon the expression workers and volunteers yesterday They did it They did it Disgusting Grow test By the way, the all star ballots for the NHL are going to be handing out at the Mceree of the Marnight I want to urge all of my friends and even those who hate me like poison The great injustice in the history of the NHL They leave Ray Whitney off of it They put Victor Coslov in the ballot A walking stiff A man who's if there were still pain in the primary winner You could trace the prints in the ice The figure hates that S. and T. and he used to do Victor does the figure rates in the same spot in the ice Big swooping his up is around He's there, I'll be shot at 10 feet wide But anyway, so Victor Coslov is on there Am I going to be voting for him? No, but nevertheless Ray Whitney who I'm sure is a little bit distressed in this maid And embarrassed and they leave out to be embarrassed They left his name off there We got Robert Stailon there We vote for him Will we vote for him? Yes, we will He's the leading end of defenseman score in the league right now He's having a big year But Ray Whitney the wizard So when it comes and then they do it by position because I forgot I'm sure that they do so when you get to left wing you put down Ray Whitney right then and they're okay Everybody who shows up at the Mceree for the Buffalo Panther game Marnight Be sure to get 20 or 30 of those ballots For the all-star voting and right in Ray Whitney's name because he's not on there We're pretty pissed off and fired up a lot We're pretty disgusted with that because the wizard got a big pair of baby He's about when Pavles not in it when Pavlov is busy nursing is injured Did you raise the a great white hope? I'll tell you that right now. See there you go again with that white stuff right off the bat. I got a lot of things to tell you about that racial stuff Because we need to have an interpreter They may be getting you have somebody in the interpreter because that line yesterday You put us out. You put us out. See I'm her with that means. Do you know what that be mean? Stephen Robert doesn't know what that means. Any hangs with all the adorkies but even he don't know what that means. You put us out. Yeah, I know I put my dogs out when he got a dog suit and I'm going to be doing a little while. I put them out. I don't speak that lingo. I don't get it. Here's coconut creak. Hello. Coconut creak. How you doing Neil? Yes sir. I took your advice in order some key change about a month ago. I was wondering how long it takes to get him. How long it takes to get him? Yeah, I've been waiting about a month now. Yeah. Well, I've got a hundred. They haven't had him for a month. We've only had him for about two weeks. That's right. They showed up on the day we did the pizza. You'll be getting it soon. Okay. My next show. I'm getting the opportunity to go to the hockey game on Saturday. Yeah. We're even going. Is it worth going? Sure. I want to see you. I'll be off the buffalo spot. That'll be a good day. And Pavel might play. But don't put the ranch on it. Okay. He's not going to play. All right. Yeah. You were really smooth and so handy. Like a month back. And all my friends were really sucking his ass there. They're so buried up there. It's pretty pathetic. Yeah. Every time I go in the work, I got to come in, switch over to Neil. Because he's got their head so far up his ass. Are you sure? Yeah. So, I'm happy to say, after the hit the hard grid for the 80th time, they'll find a good tear to play. I'm telling you. And these guys think it's the greatest thing. I got to come in. They told me to listen to Neil. Then this guy comes along and they're sucking ass. I'm going to tell a punk star. You know, they're fickle. Can I get a key's an asshole for all those guys at the big store? He's an asshole. Okay, pal. All right. But yeah. Go. Go. Go. I'm going to say after 10 at 5. 60 WQ, I've seen the most fickle audience of the young male audience. I know that. So, that they're probably a lot of them over there. Are you positive? You know, sampling. They're all over the place. They're probably on a laugh and they're probably checking out those two alive Jews there a midday. And if station doesn't exist, how's very jackass to them? But if we know they were doing the same thing on Hank show yesterday, I wonder what ever happened with him to come with a butterfly and take very away. He just crumbled yesterday. He just lost it. Even Hank who hates him like poison was starting to get concerned. That may be very, would it come down here? Because it was easier something like that. Or maybe just oozing drooling, and what she usually does. You've lost that Barry. You've lost that loving feeling sweetheart. Nobody repulses you more. They're funky. They're old. They're the California proves. So when you're getting old and tired, and your times to pay your everyday. Oh, give us a re-rease. And that's the show. And so for you, we got the show. Just eat some of our seeds, our heavenly daily. And there's lost a glass of air. There's three more that they've been golden to taste. Tears, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat. And slacks his knives, buddies, on white spas. So keep some food. We'll build lamb. I'm the body's hands. I'm the body's hands. If you eat a soda, honey, head hands. California proves. What a weirdo. That's 15 at 5. 60 WCM. I think that first collar is right on to it today. So I guess we'll play the music between 10 and noon every day. That sounds good. Then as soon as Phil's tape's are done, and we can come on and maybe start doing a show. Because we got from Orlando that called a couple of days ago. He opened up a real Pandora's box. Remember that? That actually stimulated like two days worth of show for some strange reason. They're very paranoid. Are you sure about that whole deal? Not that I am because they pay me one way or the other. They've been spoiled with these big numbers for a long time. I say it's time we get it down to about a, you know, nice even number like that. You know, it's not complicated when you get it down to a. That's the people up at 1900 on the dial. So with anybody got a collar explained that to me what that dark talk means when he say, you, you, you be putting this out. What is that mean? You put us out yesterday. I said, well, what, what, yeah, put us out. You suck sucker. Whatever hell you said, something like that. Yeah, suck sucker. But you notice that our dark complexed friends, they must be really pissed off with me lately because they're not. They have all of a sudden a cat's got their tongue. No matter what it is, whether it's a thing with a taxi cab driver's, which I think is a great topic, by the way. Let over like a pregnant pole of all of her. Very important topic. Why does Rudy Giuliani have the right to anybody else have the right to force a taxi cab driver to pick up somebody who looks dangerous. No matter what color they are. Suppose it was like maybe the purple people leader, but they have to pick them up. Yeah, there you go. Even if he was like armed with like an oozy and with the hand grenade, we still have to pick them up. Thank you, Rudy. Hey, but you'd be putting this out. And then, of course, wait till we get to the story again. We got another restaurant to scandal here. And it's always with these Thai restaurants. What does that all about? We got Thai Tony over there on the beach. We have his own problems for Tony. See, I hate to break the news. I realize that Neil is always coming up with these brilliant solutions like DNA. It's too simple. But how about just adding the 15 cent tip on all the time? Just tapping that thing on every check. And then if somebody wants to leave more of the service was really good, more power to you. Like in Europe, like in places where they always do it is a matter of course. How about doing that? Oh, I'm sorry. Because then we can have all this fun with these stories. The latest story is in a Thai restaurant called Thai Shirt Rollata. Huh? That's what it's called. Thai Shirt Rollata. A Pembroke Pines Thai restaurant. That's what they said. It'll make you cheat a lot, is what it said. If you eat that too much, that food. It'll make you cheat a lot on your exams. Jay, a Jean Marie Davis took her six year old daughter to Pembroke Pines Thai food restaurant on Monday. Or did a chicken or chicken on tray? Does that tell you what the complexion they might be, huh? A chicken on tray, even in the Thai restaurant. They, I'm surprised she wasn't wanting to water melon for dessert. Oh, she did. And was surprised when she got to bill a 15% tip had been added. When Davis 28 of Hollywood asked the restaurant, or why he added the gratuity, you were 29 dollar and 75 cents bill. She said the owner told her because I knew you weren't going to leave a tip. Davis, however, thought it might be because she is black. She thought of the case of Charles Thompson, a black business man who called 911. After he might meet the restaurant, Thai Tony added tip to his bill. But didn't do so with the white diners at the next table. First of all, what are Dark folks doing eating an entire restaurant to begin with? It's not your bag, baby. It's okay if you eat an idylli. I understand that Dark folks love dillies. That's why the Jews and the blacks had got so much in common because they like dillies. There's nothing like a good bullet gulfilter fish. Huh? Like some kishki, oh boy, those parts are not their kishki or what? Huh? But Thai food. Is this just a coincidence or what? You don't think that the jeemery Davis, I mean, I don't know who this lady is. But it just seems suspicious to me that we had one black guy going to a Thai restaurant. The beach not too many days ago and now the state is swimming in a big son of the Anthony Everything else and call the 911. I mean, let's face it. Wouldn't you call 911 if somebody added a surcharge on your bill? 911. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a little suspect of that to be honest with it. There is a solution for your boys and girls just add the 15% on every check, even the light-complpted folks. And then you don't cut no problems. Don't have to worry about cheap frogs, cheap spaches, cheap cubans, cheap old Jews. You don't have to worry about any of that. And then you can take care of your health and give them that tune-a-pucks a day or whatever they're going to get. But I'll tell you, our black people in this audience man, they haven't liked that. The cat has got their tongue. Because there are so many musicians lately because I hate to break the news to you. But unfortunately, race is still a big thing in this country. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Maybe we'll hear from some cat drivers today. What do you think? I'm going to surprise because I know all the cat drivers even though I don't speak English. They do listen to this show. Do we hear from one yesterday? Oh, about this thing with the cat drivers. Have it to pick up the folks that there's suspicious of. I don't want to pick up. And taxi cat drivers being the most dangerous profession of them all. Even twice as much as some of the police. And we still didn't hear from them. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. And then now famous American line. 877, 785, Neil. 785, 63345. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. A couple of things. First of all, I think you all the Hispanic community and a policy. For what? For making references to yesterday's two murders. When I mentioned, they looked like Hispanics. You really, I took a shot. But that's on a minor note. I don't know anybody in a policy. Okay. I think it was a reporter and I think you jumped on the bandways. But anyway. Jumped on the bandways. Oh, I did was straight. Right there. I'm not retracting in fact. Here's another. I'm not retracting in. That was enough. But I'll make up to my shredded subject. Let me just tell you this, sir. If you want an apology. I will. I'll give it to you. Anyway, join in. I do want an apology. I'm not getting you. Yes, sir. I will. Anyway, but my point. Yeah. Stop in the on-swish it over here. Anyway, I'm on the black issue. In the tips. They do not know what. The black's not tipping. Tips you said. Right. And I have a theory on that. I think because the fact was that America used them as servants for so many years and never kept them. I think they're trying to get back out of the smell. Okay. Let me draw. I'm following the dots. You know the thing where you've connected dots. Right. I try to figure out what's dot mean. I think I'm going to put you out. I'm going to have to put you out. I put them out. Is he out? Uh-huh. Good. Yeah. You put it out. You stock sucker. And does anybody know what that means? Oh. Oh. Put us out. We don't speak English pal. Then we can have a conversation. You little lock sucker. I don't get it. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. The American line for the entire US of a H77785 Neil with an NIO. 7856345. I'm telling you. Yesterday we had calls from my least two states. It was spectacular. Here's a mobile and coral geomals. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. I was a bartender for roughly five to six years in a club on top of each. And like every Friday Saturday night you would have gay night. Without a doubt, gaze took the best. That's what it is. And it says that's a unit. Everybody agrees with that. Even the homophobic right wing lunatics will say at least you've agnogged a tip. You know your tips. And with the block. They can be cute. Actually the Cuba Blacks aren't bad. But it's the American Blacks. There's no tip whatsoever. They got to a point that I wouldn't want to serve them because it was Sit in my bar drink and take up the space that you know it can be a customer that was So in other words, if the black person comes into the bar and they're a Cuban Black, they should identify themselves. And so by wearing like either a lot of very, very fancy jewelry and all. Very garrison crap or maybe a bit of a barra. Yeah. But you know, I mean even the little tip is what I just think it's true. I mean it's unfortunate, but it's true. The black people don't tip. Maybe we can get some of them calling in the show. They've all vanished. My dark people have all their gone on strike. They hate me like poison out because I put them out. Well, feed them all, Neil. Okay. Thanks. Don't forget, by the way, speaking to the Marlton, it's specs 1570 sound sexy. Highway right by you, of end there right across from U.N. Noon to two tomorrow. We'll have our best in the OCDs and cassettes and the t-shirts and key chains, too. I feel like that. All the good stuff. Tomorrow between noon and two. We've had a raise a lot of money there. I wonder how we're doing with the set of one thing. I don't hear too much. Don't hear too much. It's pretty quiet. It's a very problematic this year. How's the nephew doing, by the way, he was doing so well. While he's on vacation, he's even vanished. They just all disappeared into thin air. Saw Greer read. I was out washing at the T's cup. My soup tea's cup there and came back in. He was like, walk, oh, gaming like good morning. But he was in the middle of a psychotic episode. I'm not wearing to himself. That was like that. I thought boy, that's the boss. That's him. That's it. What you see is what you get. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Okay, sir. 14-year-old Chad Robert here. All right. I don't pick up Blacks too much and I'll tell you why. I've been robbed four times. Every single time was by a Black guy. In 1980, if that only was I robbed, I had my throat cut by a Black guy. Nice. So I don't generally work those areas anymore. I used to be a compassionate guy and worked those areas because I know it was tough to get the cab over there. But I worry about my lesson about being a nice guy. So far as tipping those, they don't tip you. Okay. That's about it. Okay. I'll see you out on West Broward. Yeah, he's sitting down on his instructions from the... Okay. What was that? What are you wearing hysterics about? Then that few says he's doing fine. What does that mean? He called up to say they're doing just okay. Oh, good. I don't think I would find Chris. Maybe we'll see again one of these days. Do you think so? No. Okay. That World Wide Line. It's really smoking today. Isn't it? Oh, 877-785-Neal-7856345. See, I understand that now we're later right out there on the table. Okay. We don't want to put you out and nothing like that. But the fact is it's like... Remember they had the big thing? Was it with Domino? I was pretty sure it was Domino. I was one of those peatled over he joins. Or they didn't want to deliver in certain neighborhoods. And I don't think it was here. I think it was someplace else. Some other city. Like Cincinnati or somewhere like that. And then the ACSU comes in and all these bleeding heart lawyers come in. And just like here, you know, it would probably butterworth and all this bullcraft. I got news for you, man. People fear for their safety like this last guy, the cab driver, which I'm ecstatic that he called. Four times he's been held up. Four times he was by a darkie. And the fourth, I once with a gun to his neck. Why? I'm telling you, man. There are nice black people. And then there are those that were terrified of. Let me just put it through this way. Okay. White people are scared, crapples of you black folks. Okay. We're scared that death. We'll wait for you. Hey, how you doing? How you doing, Samuel? But that's it. Just don't come to close. 1027 at 5.50 WQA. What word did you say? It isn't gentleman. This is that. Who was number five? All thanks. Giving me. All thanks. Giving day. Everybody ate the food. That was on their plate. We had turkey. We had all the fish. And grandma said eat up. Cause there's a lot more in the kitchen. I had to stop. Cause I was so stuffed. Five plate. Those words. Why didn't enough? I had. What made you? Don't meet. Turn up some stuff. But my pants. Cause my belly was bustin. When it was time for me to get out of there. Grandma gave me life. But just for where. Full of gravy potatoes. I'll be eating all of this until Christmas. It's the same thing to take home. I found a match for potatoes and a turkey's bone. I didn't know if it had a ham or a bad thing for them. Better eat it up before it's bone. And when it's all been a sign of cheese. Put some little bread and a bit of cheese. A little bit of yam and a misni pie. Eat and turkey sandwiches. You're like a guy. Oh. Let's do it with number five. What will I do make a hundred gallon of turkey soup? A fridge is so full that the dog won't shut. Got turkey at come in out of my butt. Oh. Let's do it with number five. Left over. Left over. Left over. Five. Five. Five. Yeah. Come on one more. Thank you. 1032 at 560 WCM. So anyway, people are most of being the one to facts. This to me. Hey, great job there, Pete. They're adding the Sun Sentinel. You know, it's amazing. They're putting these cheesy little ads in the papers. They're idea promotion. Queer channel. I mean, we don't do anything. But when you think if they're going to do something, maybe a couple of billboards, TV spots. Something beside these, pasty little ads. And every ad they put in has related to. So what does that tell you? What does that tell you? Huh? Yeah, they're promotion for the Jim Rom show. The on Neil. The Jim Rom show, not the usual sports stock week. There's noon to three on stupid talk. Everything is like, you know, Neil says, Bill is good. And Jim Rom is on Neil. He's not Neil. And Neil, this and Neil, that and Neil, Neil, and the morning. At set of them. So on, yeah. You're obsessed over there. It's stupid talk. Archipede. Oh. By the way, I've led you. Sorry for that. Main is glued to the radio between 10 and 2 every day on this show. Every single day. Squeezes himself. And I start talking about what a backstabbing piece of attorney is, which he is. Squeezes it. Or at least reaches for it if he could find it. Accumer to our baby. Life runer. Destroyer. But you know something? They pay us either way. You know, we realized the punk's out there. The young mayor, Lawdy, it's their fickle. You know, I was the bomb last week. This week. The guy the two lives. Jews, they'll be the bomb. Then how it'll be the bomb again. You know, every week, everybody's got in this and other bomb. We're sticking with our tried and true 80 plus audience here. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you? All right. I listen to you a lot. Neil, I'm the trucker that calls you occasionally. Are you a officer? No, it's trucker. Now that's a noise. Then we didn't put you on. Do we put you out? No, you didn't. I told you you were a lot. Yeah, well, I know this yesterday started about this restaurant deal. Yeah. And what you were all I agree with you in a sense, because the fact I'm a black person. And I tell you personally, Neil, I wouldn't give a crap for it. It is Chinese food like that. Yeah. Because this ridiculous, I'm referring, I'm concerned. What would a black person be doing in the first place? That's my first place. If I have some kind of a gooch restaurant and you walk into my restaurant, I'm not just because you're black, but I'm just wondering, what's the guy that likes grits and chicken and water? What I'm doing in my restaurant? You know, I have different kinds of food. It's so much for that. Neil, what's especially? I mean, for most seriousness, I wouldn't give a kid and all of the all the Chinese food they can fix from here to return to you. And I think it's a whole issue to bring up something like that. You know, because of the fact that right people don't care, I mean, you won't find that in all races. I mean, there's like people getting a l instant Texas and drag behind trucks in everything in the past. This guy, we were in a fight for a couple of decades. I'm just a few seconds at it on a stipend of tire restories, calling a 911. I'm 911, man. I can't sign the footie out. I'm like, do you people, I mean, you know, I'm not the smartest Neil, but listen to some of your call. Somebody, I'm glad I'm not the smartest. Make sure you feel pretty damn smart, don't it? I'm telling you, you're going to get more in the past, that's your idea of your show. I'll be calling you from time to time. And don't put me out. Don't put me out. Okay, so I'm not going to put you out. Whatever that be mean, don't put me out. Don't put me out. Remember that song? Oh yeah. I don't speak to you. I don't talk to talk. Okay, I'm awfully sure. I'm going to hold the cracker. That's all I can tell you. And hold Anglo. 560, 560, 560, 560. I'll tell you that. Walk about two of his delicious baby from the outback. I'm going to be out back in a few minutes doing this. Big number one, number two, number three, number four. Wow. I'm going to be doing it. Here's a mobile and coral springs. Hello. Hey, there. Okay, sir. I was a bartender in three different states, including New York. And we always had signs over the bar that said, We reserved the right to refuse to serve everyone. Everyone. Everyone. Now, what gives Mary a Rudy a pair of white hands, a cat. Mary, I don't know. Mary, I'm sharing junior. Yes. White hands, who I've had the cat drivers put the same side next to their Medallion and say, the guy looked Trump. So we do want to pick them up. That's right. It's a matter of life and death. These guys every time they pick up another pair, they don't know who it is. They're not a stranger could be an animal. That's probably no. Especially in New York. The state actually wants you not to serve. You know, not to serve people that are drunk or they look like trouble maker. Right. So to me, it's an illegal thing that he's doing. And I think as far as dark people are concerned, I think there would be like a Richter scale. I think that maybe right at the door, no seriously. If they're like light-complexed, they're like to medium like mocha. Then it's okay. You can let them in. But if they like a little bit too dark, like OJ was on a cover of time magazine, then you have the right to say, I'm sorry, but you are intimidating. You look very dangerous. I'll pass it. Right. And by the way, Blacks do that. There you go. I say, I like it. Okay. But see, we don't want to put you Black people out like my good friend for my leader. It's a good guy. We don't want to be putting you out. But start tipping. Start tipping. And if you can't afford the tip that what you do in a fancy restaurant the first place. Taitoni isn't some schlepping if you restaurant. It's not Denny's. I'm sorry. That's a bad example. And it's not Lenny's. Like I said. But if you're going to go in a restaurant like that, if you can't afford the tip in the go, go to bow jangles, man. Go to churches chicken. They don't want to be a spectacular note tip over there. Do they? No. If a name, man. Go to churches. Five, six, seven, five. What happened with that? Tampa called we're paying on that line all in out. You notice how they're picking up the same habits as the people on the day and Broward line. Don't get to him right away. They're there, gone. And I'm sure they had some good material. Oh, yeah. I could only imagine. Five, six, seven, five, six. Five, six, five, six. The pound five, six. The only AT&T line that line nine, that American line where yesterday it was a small ring today. It's kind of like this. You do not. I figured that much. I figured that much. Just a novelty. You know, we had to end up most of those people were listening on the air and that anyway. Somebody down here called them up. Oh, call Neil. That lines work it out. Fill up a good bill for the bees Lee. They want to be easily people. Which we appreciate, by the way. On 877, 785, Neil 877, 785, 6345. It's 21 to 11 at QA. And we got Hank coming up today at two from here. With the Jimmy, we could be kind of shot special show at five o'clock. Five to six is that Jimmy Johnson's on. And six to ten, we got Boobs hobby and our good close friend, Joe Costellau. At the homestead motor speedway for the big Penzole 100. Followed by a capital from the princess, because see there where he's going to be plunging his brains up. No portion of his broad chest may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM-B3's acquisition. It's Friday, you first hear. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. A big black man. Boobs. Boobs. A big black man. Boobs. Boobs. You don't think black feeling a charity in swallowing. Boobs and all the ballers on everybody. We can try in hoping swallowing. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Bear. Ah. Rott. Boobs. You became Belle. Boobs. Draw. Boobs.attform. Boobs. Move. Boobs. Go. Probe. You can't resist my name, you can't even know who it's wrong. You can't resist your wife, you can't be my son. Sometimes I'm being made out of it. You don't have to be with her. You can't even know who it is that. 1045 at 560 WQM. I don't think that we have to make it into a big racial issue. All these things are the camera drivers and with the tire restaurants. It's just that if certain people would just know their place. 560, pound 560 on a year. Better take this land 10. They won't be on their long. Hello. Yeah, and the Ohio do in the Ohio show. I was calling about the guy that calls for cavi. Yeah. The only time I take a cab is when I'm in. You said he doesn't. He's when you're running when you're one. Hammered. Yeah. You know, that's the only time when a lot of people come. Cases when they're drunk so they don't want to drive. They didn't know the hammer drove a cab. I missed for a time. That was fun. Yeah. Okay, thanks. Whatever you say, pal, when his hammer detects a cab. So there you go again. You're a cab driver. You got to pick up the generous deadbeat. Cause let's face it when you come. Except that the airport. I take cabs. You know, the pins like in Toronto. I don't run a car there. You know, depending on where it might be. If you're at Torista. But like people in town, what kind of people take a cab? Maybe your car broke down. That might be one legitimate reason. But generally speaking, like this guy says, if you're. Hammered. Or maybe if you're like a deadbeat. Maybe you're looking to rip off the cab. Maybe you're looking for like 25 bucks to kill somebody. Something like that. Maybe you need to quick fix. And Rudy, Julie, Annie, you got some freaking or first. He's the art critic for the Brooklyn Museum. And now he's the director of taxi camps from New York. You're going to pick him up with your like it or not. What do you like it or not? Hey, but what if they want to put him out? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Well, anybody please explain to me what that means. What does what do that mean? Us poor white folks were to make this advantage. We do not speak the lingo. Okay. We don't speak no black ease. What does that mean? You put us out. We're just sitting here shaking it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See they're not going to tell us because it's like you're not going to tell us because it's like you're not going to tell us. It's like you're not. That's one of the great things we're going to understand it. And you love that because you can say all these things. It's like the thing with the holios. They're talking behind your back loud enough so you can hear it. And they're talking about you because they're pretty sure you don't understand what they're saying. And they better hope that you don't. Ah, that might have gone. S, S, that one, not a coin grand day, you're right. And they're probably right. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Going once. Here's Miami, hello. How do you know? Yes sir. This is calling me something. Ah, yeah. Here's Liberty City, hello. Liberty City. Yeah. Speak up sir. Can you hear me? I can barely hear you. Can you hear me now? A little better. Okay. I was just calling to say, I got a news for you too. You know, we see why people, we see that a lot. You're scared of white people. Yeah, we see them with very scared of you know what? Because they still too. They still, uh, well, how fast they just, they still are history. They still are, I want to think. They still, you want? They still are history. Yeah, I mean, they still are. They still are. They still are. You're style. Yeah. Now you got that confused with us, bags. They still are style. I'm not you guys. No. Exactly. Okay. You better grab that call. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line line nine. If we had one call from around the world that eight. Oh, that line nine. No. I guess that was all the shot there. Lord yesterday. All at, uh, bull crap. 1877, 785 Neil. And it's always like that. Every time we get a line like that, I remember back in taxon. The first day or two, oh, we got in New York. We got hit. And then the four people were listening to us out of town. They had called us. And that was the end of that. So don't panic there, Greg. Okay. You don't have to worry about a big bill on that line. Because it ain't ringing period. Including four pairs by the way, where they're busy going. The movie would look like that. There's a, talking about what a schmuck that, uh, what's his name is, Bob. But the move. Oh, yeah. I got some great Bob the mood stories by the way. Don't be insulting him because, uh, he'll help snitch on you. That somebody was eating in a control room in there in the morning. And the worst team. You're a child, Bob. You were the perfect company. You're with a childish organization. You're a child. You're a little, little petty person. Bob the mood. Here's a lady in Hallendale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I have a question. Um, what's up, are you Jamaican? No, I'm not Jamaican. I figured you would ask me that, but I'm not. Uh, uh, you sound so Jamaican, you must be from the island. I'm from the island. Thank you. And I'm proud to be. Which island? I'm from the Virgin Islands. Oh, you're the Virgin Island. I'm a Virgin too. Yeah. Thank you. Wow. Here's one. Anyway, I have a question. You're near as in Mary, isn't it? Not yet. Oh. Um, what does the word, Tippin' mean? Tippin'? Yeah. He's a basketball player. Okay. He'd be playing basketball. Mm, he'd be playing basketball. Anyway, my version of Tippin' right means the service that you receive from somebody. I'll select people or we'll select people when we go out. We get terrible service from the pitch, huh? Nobody from the one. Far more. No, we get terrible service from the way it is, which is everybody. I went out. We're sure you're not being a little bit paranoid, maybe. Okay. I went out to dinner this week. I could be with you. You're soup to get even things out, huh? No. I can give you an, I went out to, um, dinner over the weekend gone. Yeah. Over the weekend gone, yeah. All the way to people. Before you go on about your dinner, can I get before I forget? Because I'm getting old and forgetful. Okay. What does that mean when you say it? We put you out. What does that mean? Oh, I don't know. Okay. That's right. You're from the islands. I'm sorry. Thank you. Thank you. We're having dinner this weekend. We went out to dinner and you all the way to people around us will give and completely different treatment. Right. And we were treated like very, um, important people. Thank you. We were a people like to. What the specials were on the menu. We weren't told anything. The only thing we were having is this was an entire restaurant. Was it? No. It was actually what the restaurant called. The rain forest. The rain forest. Yeah. At the oven. Oh, not the oven. Oh, oh, God. I'm sorry. That's where we had dinner. By the way, let's just turn it off to be a love triangle and a whole deal. And it's an additional, what you see that guy yesterday to one of the shooting. Yeah, I did. He, um, this, Louis Pazwano 52 is a convicted fuel oil swimmer who escaped two professional style murder attempts in the 80s. And he was killed by this other guy. How do you like that? We did two strikes in your out. Exactly. I'm sorry. So you weren't getting the service you deserve. Exactly. I mean, and we left a $5 tip for how much. $200 bill. No. It was an $80 bill. $80 bill. You left a $5. Thank you. Well, if he 10% would be $8. So there was this like a about 6%. She got more than she deserve. Because she was lower over 6%. So in other words, she's lucky. She should get the $5. She's lucky that she even got the $5. Yeah. You know, something I'm, you put a whole different light on it. So to speak. Because I mean, I'm not a little crappy service. Why should they give you any tip at all? Yeah. It was just out of my good conscience that I decided to say, okay, but here's $5. You can have it. Okay, bitch. Did you write it? I didn't say that out loud. Why didn't you write that on the check? That's fucking bad. You should have written that on the check. That was just my think. Actually, we paid cash. Yeah. But that was just my feeling. Will you pay? Can't I mean, don't you have a credit card? I have a credit card, but you don't eat with credit cards. Oh, sometimes they're built tasty. Some Helman's mayonnaise on there? No. I don't have a credit card. I just don't have a credit card. But you don't have a credit card. But you don't have a credit card. But you don't have a credit card. But you don't have a credit card. But you don't have a credit card. I guess we can do that. But anyway, you just give people tips according to the service. Let me ask you how they tip at churches in Bojango. Do you mean I didn't? I don't need them. Oh, thank you. I'm so excited to home. I feel so much better speaking like a real person like you. Thank you. I don't want to home cooking than anything else. No, you're the cook. I cook everything. Jumbalaya. No. That I don't cook. Chilins? No. Remember, I'm not black and arrow. I'm from the island. What are the islands people eat? So, you know, I make some jokes. Oh, jerk chicken. Yeah. And jerk pork. And jerk pork. And turkey. Yeah. And look at turkey. Yeah, we do all that kind of stuff. Yeah, you would jerk. Okay, let's have a great weekend. See you tomorrow. Bye-bye. So what did you say something about jerk this? Yeah, I'm off. Your fish. That's what you wrote on the check. That jerk this bitch and with a $5 tip to catch to it. You see, if you're going to treat your black customers like crap, they're not going to give you no guy damn good tip. So I think she brings up kind of a marginal point there. But of course, she's not real black. She's kind of like Virgin Island's black. She's one of those. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line. I see we got Tampa on here now, which I'm wondering what this is all about. We're going to get in Florida calls today. Hello. Hey, how you doing there? Okay, sir. All right. I worked on the cruise ship for several years. Okay. And I don't know why you're feeling this after American stone tip. You're a lot of great news. So there are a lot of great news. Wait a minute. We got a whole page here in the Harold that ain't a Broward section. Both stories. We got the one in Pembroke, we got the one in a Miami Beach. I'm going to sound like I'm making this up. But you're feeling it, Neil. What am I going to do? I work in a cruise ship for 10 years. There were two. There were German. There were two. Yeah. A lot of people who did not ship. I mean, I would go to the far, it's almost cut their freaking food for me. Stick it in their mouth and he still wouldn't chill. Right. It's not only African Americans or black. Well, who said that it was? Who said that it was? There's no word for them. There's no word for them. There's no word for them. There's no word for them. What about the old Jews? What about the old Jews? Oh, your caller's calling is, yeah, Neil. Yeah. Like don't you feel like they're going to pick on old Jews though? What I'm going to do? I'm telling you like it is. I'm telling you like it is. I'm telling you like it is. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. We've had seventy five in the last two weeks since this Thai Tony story. We've had seventy five million people call in about it. And seventy four million nine hundred thousand said they've worked in a service business and black people don't tip for the craft. They also had a defensive bunch of craft. Well, does that mean they're all racist? No, it doesn't mean they're all racist. People just want them to talk about it's not true. It's not totally true, Neil. It's not totally true. I don't know what you said. I don't know. I've never been in that business. There are derelicts in every way. Yeah. People don't tip. I happen to tip very well. Yeah. And I'm gay. Oh, well, there you go. There you go. Now we got to the bottom of it. Okay, pal. Put you up a little bit. So there's a door. See, and I asked that question last week. Nobody responded. We finally got to respond because the gaze are supposed to be the best tipers and the other worse. But if you're gay and black, the gainess is predominates. Like who Paul, that's what she says. The gainess put out like Carlos says. 1056 at 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. At Captain Know the Scores. Learning it in. Some of us can't. We've got only on Sports Radio 560 QAM. WMQAM. My album. Who's got a band? Well, they're being spider baits. Old broad get spider baits. You read red. It's really gross. That's why they've got to and the old. You wear them over there. Like you type a spider bait. You're going to find it. And you leave it. It's not a pretty sight. You see it's more light. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. You get it in one. They're feet all day or giving birth. And do the frequent waves. You get a band's that print. And roll inside. Rolls for ankles. Do the other side. Call up and down. Very nice. You get this spider bait. You get this. This is out of her life. She's got spider bait. I made 21st in the unprecedented show of police take a version of New York Mayor Rooney. Tolly any mobilized thousands of cops officers from the Taxi and Lymazine Commission and School Safety personnel. All the rest in police uniforms to throw it. A peaceful motorcade of taxi drivers. See that's what this is all about now. It's another political payback to the cab drivers. Because he's pissed off and fired up at their their impudence and not the Knuckling under to him to the fashist mayor of New York. And so now that the latest blow in the attempt to not make the knuckle under is this business about you will pick up black people. Or anybody else no matter how dangerous they look. And if they shoot you to God damn bad. I say let's make Mayor Giuliani the cab driver the day. I'm driving the bowler. Who's good to me. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Neil, how you doing this morning? Okay sir. On your appearance tomorrow. Right? Yeah. And the noon. I know the two. No, the two. No, I didn't. Okay. You know what's right next door to that spec. No, I don't. Oh, there's a swan since right there. Yeah. And if you know you like swan since. I do like swan since but I'm not going to be eating ice cream. No, I will not. Okay. I mean, there's some pretty heavy duty stuff going on in that place. What do you mean by that? Well, I mean, just you know, they got the sundays covered with the caramel and the But I'm not. I'm not going to move. I just had three bowls of outback soup. I'm ready to drop my roses. Did you listen to the first part of Hank show yesterday with Barry. Yeah, I did. I'm off. And then I think Barry, they got the butterfly that buries in the straight jacket right now. I thought that was one of the greatest things in the world. And then, and Hank kind of just blew it off. And he didn't, you know, he didn't want to have to deal with it. No, I wasn't. I didn't want to have to deal with it. He was concerned that this guy might be totally over the edge. And might come down here with the full of these in a park with in a pair of tree. I don't know. I mean, just with the park with family. I don't know, but it was dangerous. Yeah, I thought it was pretty pretty wild. How that guy would have called up the plate. Here's a guy who's the sports writer for a major newspaper in a major market. And he's crank calling the radio station on the bat line every two minutes. What is that? Maniac. Oh, she'd call your show. No, he won't create doesn't recognize me. He was with the two live Jews. I have a great day. Oh, wait a minute. You're talking about the finger printing the priest. Yeah. You were talking about the issue. He was printing. Oh, it's unfringing. But when I was at, I'm going to call him this graduate. And anyway, there was a brother over there. In the pair. Yeah. There could have been a couple in the school anyway. But he used to, one of the brothers, my freshman year, I used to work out a lot. He used to come up with my interest. And he used to run my chest. Oh, yeah. And tell me how well developed I was. And so you could probably get some finger prints off my chest. There you go. I think they need to finger print the brothers. This is much of the priest. Okay. Thanks, Bill. Have a great day. And the sisters. Five, six, seven, five, six day. That's right. The Catholic Church is the only place in the world where the brothers and the sisters are the same people. And pound five, six day on the AT&T, where the line here is a 14 Lucy. Hello. What's going on? Yes, sir. Have you noticed something? No. Especially when it comes to minorities. When you point out something that the majority of the group does, every exception to that rule calls in and raises hell. Well, because they don't want to be lumped in there. They may, they may actually be a black person who's, you know, this guy that called from Tampa, but he ought to do if he goes into a restaurant, don't blame me. I'm black, but I'm gay. So I'm going to leave you good tiffin. And they won't hassle him. It's good service. Exactly. I mean, but I shouldn't, shouldn't it not be assumed that we are smart enough to know that there are exceptions to every rule. Right. And that we will see them all. But they're always blaming me. Oh, you're adding fuel to the fire. You're generalizing your stereotyping. No, I'm not. I'm just telling it all the way it is. And also last question. If the conditions did not exist, wouldn't there not be a stereotype? If there weren't a nanny, sir, there wouldn't be any anti-semitism. That's absolutely correct. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. America's line, baby. 877-875 Neil, work pain for it. I don't think that line's working again today. Do you? No. It's only a Florida line today. I have a feeling they probably cut that back at all. The cause is slipping through from outside of Florida. We better call it phone company. Make sure that don't happen again. 877-775-6345. Just as a test. Just as a test because all the other lines are smoking today. Sorry about that. Pete, we're getting a couple of calls here. Even though the whole audience is listening to those bill tapes. Yeah, all the young punks. Oh yeah, Phil's the bomb, baby. And, next week, who's going to be the bomb? Yeah. See, I just, it's like those kids on the street corner. I was talking about here today. The two, the ones that generally win their in the right mood. They'll wave to me in the morning when I drive by there. The school punk, they're like 14, 15, whatever they are. And this morning they're like, you know, like nine, shalantly, like ignoring like that I'm driving. But, you know, something, because I was big for a while there. I was very big. And now I'm like, yes, today's news. I'm, of course, you're practicing the biggest Florida residents to be rude. Oh, yeah, to be unfriendly. Don't be too friendly because then you won't be able to live in Florida. They'll kick you right out. Yeah, exactly. So, I'll bother. Don't waste your time, guys. Okay, I know I was very, very popular with you guys for about a week. And now I'm like, just a silly old man, okay? That old fag. Here's the lady. And I was going to give me to one of these two. Lady West Palm Beach, huh? Yes, hi, man. Yes, man. Without these black people, not tipping. They're not very far off from the Canadian state on tip at all. That's right. It's not only the French Canadians, by the way, who are pigs, but even the English-speaking Canadians who are mostly nice people, but they don't tip either. Oh, one more. And if excuse now is, well, our, you know, our loonies and our tunies aren't worth very much. But you know, something back in the days when the Canadian money was worth more than the American, they still didn't tip. I know. Cheap, like Rimmer. One more thing, that's that your pants is getting just boring. I think they've worth them, so the lame duck. Yeah. I'll see if they got a tempest in the peep pot. It's been a lot of money for a lame duck. Well, his thing is sticking out to the side, you know? Yeah. And his finger, too. I'm kidding. Have a great day, sweetheart. So let me ask you, I think Pablo's played him our night with his little picky. Oh, no. He, a practice, you know. He practiced. We want to see out there, Pablo. Okay. We don't want any more excuses. We're tired of hearing about what Anglicus sticking out. And don't forget to write in Ray Whitney's name, left wing. And they all start ballot tomorrow. Please. If you don't, I'll come and write it in for you because you probably can't spell it. Because if there's ever anything true, I remember one said, which most of what he says is Papa, but one thing he said, Ray Whitney has a fair. That's he can take that to the bank. Just put it right there in the bank. And you'll sperm bank. No, no, no, what is that that you got there on nine? Let's be pre. You know something we are. We're back to what we had before. We're back to what we had before. How is that possible? Are you in Miami? Yes. Well, how can you be on this line? How are you doing there? Okay. How can you be on my world line? What do you mean how can I be on your world line? I don't get it. I might have to put you out. Yeah. I'm blackmail 24 years old. Okay. Can you explain to me what does that mean? You put us out. Do you know what does that mean? I don't know. Okay. Listen to what I'm saying. Yeah. This is what it's far too. No, no, no. Let me tell you what happened to me. It's about two weeks before the incident at Tartone. Right. My friend and I, he's Colombian carcass and makes me went to the Cleveland. Right. Well, that's what I hang stuff. Right. He went to the Cleveland. I don't drink. I don't drink. I don't have any watermelons today. No, thank God. Thank you. Okay. Well, I don't want to get a box of stuff into a quarry with that. Let me tell you what happened. Before we finished eating, I told her if you asked me how I was going to pay for what I told her. I was going to pay for it. I gave it to her. And after Kartou. After the meal, it came back to about I think it was like 33. I gave her like $6. It's like $6 or 50 or 20. That's pretty good. It's almost 20%. Okay. After that, I come home. Later on, in a couple weeks later, I'm using my credit card. And my credit card gets declared. I'm like, what's going on? I call my credit card company. She blocked off like $175 on my credit card. How do you block it off? How do you know that? Because they had a chart. They said you have $100,000 with no name on it. You know, we go to rent a car. Something like that. They block off a certain amount. Right. They don't want to turn it in. After you pay for it, it drops off. Well, what she had done is he had blocked off like $175 on my car. I guess because she thought maybe we was going to try to eat. Yeah. And then they're so you didn't get charged for it. But they'd like blocked it off. Yeah, they blocked it off for about I think it's statement. Mark Carl for about eight days. Isn't that nice? And so what I think I feel like that's really going to that. Because if you normally, when you go to, I didn't even think about it. But if you put a, when you go, I'd say, That was funny. When you go to any other establishment, normally they take your credit card after you let us be in it. And then don't block it out like they don't. So like you're going to skip, you know, all last. So I just want to let you, I just want to let you know about that. I get what you want back there anytime soon. No, I won't be. Okay. Thanks for what I'll hang by the one. All right. Thanks. Okay. It's a 10 past 11 at 5. 60. What do you think of that? Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rog, you get the parts. And he goes to ride. He's running to six. Only on sports radio 5. 60. You eight. You're eating the thing. Inside a clean weekend. He was fed me his five. He ate the thing. He ate the thing. He ate the green and a thing. He ate the thing. You're supposed to back when he was a thing. You're supposed to pay the thing. You're eating the corn and some cake. He was going to ride out to be all day. I got to catch a shot. So he can't even be the sightseeing. He's going to ride the top of the sand. Oh, that's the way. All the time. There's no trouble. Go. And then I just did it. Go. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. All right. You know, I see him. I see his push on TV. You know what comes to mind. Yeah. Every time I see him, he just said that same look, you know. That same kind of smuggler. Yeah. As in, you know, dumb, kind of like Fredo. Not smart like me, but dumb like Fredo. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Oh, there we go. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. You're looking at it. Yeah. Here we go. All right. Here's a call from Boston on our World Line. No, how you doing? How you just heard. All right. You see the game last night, the bronze? I saw a part of it. Nothing makes me very, very ill. Oh, so happy your team got your ass kicked. Yeah. That's right. Third period choke. You're going to tell you. You're looking at a courty and we're looking at it. You'll tell the other to point for the tie. The last 30 seconds of regulation is staggering to hang on for a tie. Just desperate. You know, the end of the game. But real peeing scum throw and that's what the blow instead. Yeah. What you're hot now for a little while. Don't keep carry the way. No. We're going to be happy to be here. Okay. Whatever you say. And work as a radio station up here. We all listen to you. All right. Now we're talking. I'd be big up there. You know what? Because there's actually a few people under the agenda of the argument up there. Our program director loves you. Everyone does. What station is that? Okay. Here you go, say how did Jerry Williams, the ghosted Jerry Williams is still there? Oh, he's just about dead. Is he? Yeah, he's about 110 now, I think. He's 150, 100 miles away. He's a real asshole. Is he really? I know, Jerry, I used to work with him down here, am I? Oh, what a jerk. He's an asshole. I used to produce for him, and he used to get mad at me for turn the air conditioning down. Really? Oh, yeah, what about him? He used to be 170, too, you know, you get very sensitive of the changes in temperature. Are you older than him? No, I'm not. Oh, not, not, I'm 175. You're getting that. I'm, I'm, you're right, I'm an old fart. All right, that's why I'm in for it. That's why I'm in for it. Okay, thanks a lot. Yeah, here's the box for you. They love me at WRK, I'll move into Boston. I'm out of here, okay, see you guys. His line 7L still all screwed up. Oh, yeah, I'm just leaving that home. What's this through this console? He's been on a little bit. No, sir, so that's what they deserve here. That's what this company deserves. Just have that tone on me all day. Because we got the engineering staff second and none. They can't, we got just a handful of lines here. They can't get him straightened out. When it's out, can they straighten it out? Oh, they cannot straighten the goddamn mess out here at 2am. Jesus Christ, Almighty, and Greg Reed's walking around up and down is a 25-hour suit. Like, oh, ooh, ooh, look at that. Yeah. Like he's worried because they still haven't got the goddamn ceiling towel. Oh, there's a lot of buttons. Now everything's going to be straightened out. Oh, look, sir. Yeah, let's touch it up for Bluff one time here. Well, that sounds pretty good. You like that, sir? It's not making a big barrel, somebody's like, I'm not coming to the circle with a knife like that. Hey, what's up with that? This is a con, but they can have that on, sir. That's how much they're all. That's how much they're all. Get it off in their kill it. Kill it. Yeah, it. Thank you. God. Every, you know, I, I wasn't even thinking about this because we got by the opening okay today. Unlike yesterday about the first 20 minutes when we couldn't get the guy name screen on here on a computer and I'm sitting here pumping the numbers. That can nobody is calling the whole audience as listening to the two live Jews. And all of a sudden I realized I look at the phone itself and every line is with up. And now today, what do we got again? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. There you go. It's all fixed. Yes, sir. It's all fixed. We could have tough stuff came back in. We see one the other woman. He has stuck it right in there. He's stuck it right in there. Whatever. He was worth a stick it. One end of it. Right. Hey, Neil. I was a little living, you know, I work in Valley. Yes. I don't know. I don't tell down here Miami. Right. And every time I go and pick up a black person's car, they never took me. They sniff you. They sniff me. How do you like that? And with a tip too. Right. Well, don't do it. I'm just in fact, you know what I would do next time? What? If it's a good car, just call ass. This is all that's out of there. There you go. All right, Neil. Thanks for fixing our line, by the way. So what was the story? Was it off of your thing in there again? Was that it? Yeah, it was on hold in the other one. Why? Why was it on hold in the other room? You know, one thing I want to tell you, okay. I may not give the facts is to be full. Christ like a girl. I may not do that because they even after all this time. They still care the sports people. Can't give the right facts. Number out to their context. So they waste all of our paper like that. God damn breeder's cup cracked. They were sending your waste in 70,000 sheets of paper. And half of a guy damn forced. Maybe that's why they called Jeff DeForrest. But I mean, for crying a lot, I'm very conscious. We don't posky around with a phone in here in the morning because if we punch with these phone lines, it screws up the guys on the ear and the worst thing because it's the same. Generally speaking, the phone lines. So I never did it with those phone lines. But every time lately we're on the ear here with all the problems we've had. I think there's a chicken and a wood pile in a goddamn worst even at morning crowd. And we're going to get to the bottom of it. Probably that guy damn surly done, he be as with his. He's probably sticking his finger in it. In his rectum or somebody else's, maybe Joe's. That's what I heard. That's a room where the effort is that he's sticking his finger in Joe's. rectum. That's what I heard. I don't want to mention the Tommy told me that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. And our world famous American line where we're going to get a call from Boston where I'm moving to WRKL. By the way, the big talk station up there. Too bad they don't have any good radio in Boston, you know what? Yeah, they had dick sighed up there for a while, so in his dating show, remember dick sighed to used to be on KT that I replaced him here? Oh my god, what a twerp. Hey, this is dick sighed. I got 7000 newspapers here in case nobody calls today. And I wouldn't blame them if they didn't. Dick sighed. Oh my god. Yeah, WRKL is a pretty bad station. Gene Burns was up there. He's a little old and Jerry Williams. He's on Rd96 this year, by the way. Gene Burns, another Nazi. He would then of course he moved from, you can always tell that a guy moved from Boston to Orlando. He's really moving up in the world, you know what I'm saying? Wastened to Orlando, then they usually mind up a JNL West Palm. Right before, uh, what's your face? How's she doing, by the way, anybody ever hear about her lately? What's your face? Of course, is what's her name senior? Yeah. Patting her senior is old, uh, what's her face? Right. Come on, let's get a call from someplace, uh, really outside of this town. Have that guy for Boston, who was just taken us? He was called for power 96. Now he was inside the building, time to let kid curry doing a voice. Five, what's that number? 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 6345. See, they don't care about things like cab drivers having to pick up black folks in other parts of the country. They don't care about those things because they don't have Rudy Giuliani as their mayor. But guess what? You're going to be next, okay? Because America's a police statement. It's a freaking police state. So they'll be coming along next, hopping right in the back. In fact, what they'll do is they'll put like a little camera in your cab. That's right. They'll have a little eye in the sky in there. The evil eye will be in your goddamn cab. And if some dangerous looking scarches out there in the street with an oozy, and you should pass him by because he got his thumb off. They're going to like come and throw your ass in the slamer. They're going to slam it. Who do you truly am, man? I'm telling you, Hermon Gering would have loved him. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You racist bitch? Yes, sir, that's me. Yeah? Well, that's your material. That's your relationship bitch. I'll see that's that do not be good, man. That's do not be good. I think he's putting me out. You think he put me out, man? I feel bad. You put me out. Brother, you put me out. God damn it. Take it back. Take it back. No. 56070560. He put me out. That's the sparse. Oh, I did every one of my whole weekend. I was looking forward to a big weekend. Got the pants of Buffalo game to run. I'd write in Ray Whitney's name on two or three thousand ballots. Oh, yeah. I'm going to get a whole bunch of those ballots. I'm going to write the wizard name in there over. Hey, if you don't make it right, don't blame me. Sweetheart, I'm on your side. I'm on your side of the bed. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Great. The Maddoff, after Kuno, he's few on the other corners. Yes. I'm on the tipping. They're pretty bad tip, especially when they go to the phase. Oh, forget it. I put one more. Yeah. So I mean, and they come by the boat full. So they said, crap. Lord, yeah. That's right. You know, when I get a house comes in large groups like if I'm in Europe, you generally, like we were in Colone, Germany and one restaurant. And then in Italy and Rome all the time, you'd be in a very nice restaurant. And all of a sudden a bustle pull up. And there'd be like a thousand Chinese people get on. They'd come in groups. Have you ever noticed that? They got a living thing. They go groups too. Chinese people because they don't have cheese. Yeah. But of course there's 10 billion of them. So they got, you know, there's a lot of them around. Yeah, but when I get fact, they take great. Fags of the B. World War Great. Yeah, but then again, I'll let you know. Just don't get too friendly. We're not so okay, but it's worth it. We leave you good tips. That's right. That's included in the tip. Oh, by the way, I had some people from a church come. Yeah. And they let me around. Because of the time. Two people, they let me 20 bucks tip. Okay. And they go, it's from Jesus. And I'm like, oh, all right. Yeah. They were probably hoping for something that the after the meal. Have a great day, pal. I think it is. Just like the Fags. Well, like, with the same difference. People fact in the church. Yes, so we're going to be, we're going to be tongue-printing the priest and all the workers there at the mine. They are sticy son over the weekend. We're going to be checking some tongue prints and some pom prints and some lip prints to find out. Because, you know, always that Larry Lou Jack line and that one, but I'm going to have to play that thing about the cowboy songs. If fingerprints showed, I wonder who I'd find on yours. Who I'd who's I'd find on you. Something like that. Of course, all you altar boys out there, if they were fingerprints on your digit. I wonder if they'd be father's tool. It's 1126 and 560 QA. This is 560. QA. It's Friday. You best dude. All right. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, come on over hunting out. Come and take a drive. Big house in Chaperquar. We can both get Jews tonight. A little Panama. A lot of zombies in the shoes out for a week. I'm like the kid in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I have pretzel, hot dog, so far in pizza. You remember, little Billy, you're laying in Tower Pizza. It's gonna be a lot of time not to fall in the yard. It's gonna be a lot of time not to fall in the yard. It's gonna be a lot of cheese. Like a fort. I'm just gonna die. It's all good. I'm gonna open hunting now. I throw on my trumpet. A little bit of a lot of stuff in my mouth. A little bit of a monitor. We've got my wife. I live in a Panama del Juan I sleep. When she's far away, that's where we're ready. I live in a Panama del Juan I need. A little bit of a Monica. I'm more mean. A little bit of a Monica. Here I am. A little bit of a Jew on my half. These man. 11.35.50. 12.50. Here's the call from Dennis and Iowa on there. Is there a Daniel? Yes sir. Hey, I haven't been down there for a week. I've been up here on vacation. I'm just curious if you've been talking to anything about the situation up in Decatur Illinois with Jesse. Yes sir. Yes sir. The but itself grandizing a pompous ance. Right. Right. I think I think border. I think whatever the need to stay right there. We should free a lot of our prisoners. If no knives. No guns. Yeah. And no drugs. What are we doing? Oh, I'm feeling so full on Texas. I've heard you're pouring the dragging depth and text. Yeah. There were no knives. No gun. I don't want to debate the. I mean, you see the 17 second clip or whatever. They show on CBS. I don't want to debate that. But the fact is that here's this exploiting miserable son of a bitch. There's always every issue that comes along. That just happens to be a black issue. No, no, this is a racial. No, that's what he said is. I'm racialed. Of course, they've just this and it's set of them so on and with all the set of bullcrap. Right. He just happened to be there exactly. He was just preaching out on the road on the hiding pathetic. It is pathetic. That's all I have. I wanted wish you happy birthday last week. I couldn't get. Well, thanks so much, Palo. It's only the sentiment of counts. And when you get to be this old like Jerry Williams, you stop counting. Well, you're not that old yet. Have a great day. I have a new two. See. I do. I'm not the deal. We're 90. 5 6 70 5 6. How do you like that? They love me. It's WRK. I'm Boston. I'll tell you one thing. I'd work cheap up there. Oh, I don't come cheap. And I don't work cheap either. 5 6 70 5. So here's a call from Chicago. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Pretty good. I used to live down in South Florida and moved out of there about 10 years ago. And I listened to your goals. Thank you, sir. Thank you. You missed it? No. No. I miss your show. But now that I get it on the internet. Now there's nothing to miss. Now life is perfect. I listen to it in my office every day. And people. All right. People congregated in the office because they're like, where is this guy? Can we get him on a radio? Yeah. How come he's not on the internet? He's a guy that's the doll back in the guy named Old Age home. I know. He's really pathetic. tragic. Yeah. He went from really good to really bad. After he smashed the disco record, he was never the same again. Absolutely. That's right. And now just to show him how much touch he is with reality. This goes making it comeback. That's right. Just to spite his ass. I know. That's uh, yeah. His show is he. It's. It's hard. I've heard it. I've heard it. It's awful. Unbelievable. You can't listen to it for more than two or three minutes. It's not something that's supposed to. I never heard him when he was supposedly so good. But he was a legend up there. And now it's like, he's a shadow. Well, as a matter of fact, when I got ready to move from South Florida, Chicago, I called you and asked you who I should listen to. And he told me him. I came up. He's it. And he's got Howard on the ear now. Yeah. Howard in the morning. Right. He's pretty decent. We listen to him on the drive into work. And then as soon as uh, ten o'clock Eastern time, both. The computer gets fired up and that's it from ten to two. All right. But I also wanted to wish you a happy birthday. I tried to get in last week and for some reason I couldn't get in on the toll free number. So. And the other way. He wasn't working last week. This just yesterday has started spontaneously. Well, I love it when things happen spontaneously. Exactly. Exactly. Just popped up all the middle of the show. Just popped up. As a matter of fact, right now, I was down in South Florida. I had called you. My sister had uh, one of those neocen boxes. Right. And we had to hurry in a couple of other her friends and dogs. It had no impact. That was not going to happen. We had the whammy show. I remember that and you said that they were going to keep their box on and the. Yeah. I'm doing nothing happened. No. So that shows the whole thing is rigged. That that shows is all done with now. Oh, the whammy thing. Oh, God. Thank God for that. Oh, no. Sure. So that was killing the show. Whammy. Yeah. It stopped. Yeah. They don't even make a blip on a Richter scale. Even the ten show doesn't make a blip anymore. Yeah. But it was it was nice to see your push on TV every day. Oh, yeah. It was lovely. I'll pass. If I could have I would have been smart. I would have put the y'all on the key over the front of the face. I would probably get in twice the number. There we go. Okay. I'm going to break that. You too. God bless Chicago. God bless those cubs. They sure needed. He's got going to bless the cubs. No. I'll thank God. Jim or go out of there. 5. 6705. 60. We got that world famous line. It's starting to heat up just a little bit. And I'm starting to percolate. They love me and Boston. It's going to be the power. I used to be the bomb. Now I'm just starting to ring old man. 877-785-Neal. 877-775-62345. Thank God for a tough. Oh, they line fixed there. Nice going there, Duff. Huh? That was quite an act. He came in there and he and Robert were jumping up and down and running around. Oh, yeah. Look at that. That's the. Did something. He did something. I'm not right. Mark it on the counter, by the way, back there. That did something. He said it's crossed out any case there. Name on the schedule next week. I'd get to two in the morning whenever that one. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. First time calling, along time, listen. I'm running today. Great. Listen, one of the comment on the saying you were having about putting them out there. Yeah, what is that? What do that be? What does that mean? If there was basically that you exposed them. That you know, just embarrassed. What was that? Yeah, you exposed them. That could I. So, that guy. Yep. Listen, also two one talk about the tipping. Yeah. I'm in the corporate cleaning business. And I can tell you that French Canadians are definitely the most hard dissatisfaction. Yeah. They're unbelievable. And I'm like, okay, we just turn over, you know. Black people, one thing about them, they're always looking for a hookup. Always remember that. They're looking for a hookup? Yep, they're always looking for the hookup. Like your finger in there. Right, though. Something like that. That's it. Neil, have a good day. Back to you. Okay. So, that's what that means. I exposed them. You put it out. That looks like dragons. Some of the other closet I guess. That was that. Yeah. Like Tom Cruise, I'm sorry. You put it out. Wow. This is like a whole little bunch of who said this is not an educational show. I just be learning something right there. I'd be putting the black people out. Right there in front of you guys. Take a look at them, okay. How's Malcolm doing, by the way, from New York in the horny? That's a good question. By the way, who would you rather do? Malcolm or Nick from Young and the restless? All you facts are, all you women out there. I mean, do we have any women listening? No, no. See, we're not going to play that game like they do the last two minutes on Friday morning on the morning show. I mean, why do they keep doing that? It's so stupid. It's so stupid. It's embarrassing. And I got to follow that. What do they call that? Ladies, choices and the ladies pick this? Ladies pick. They pick this. Yeah. Yeah. Lady, you're picking seeds or something like that. Pick and watermelon seeds out of there. Each other is, each other is. Right, go. Like I said. I mean, that's just, to prove they got 15 no women listening out there. Here's Debbie on a mobile. Okay, I picked the jet. I picked the Eagles. I picked the, uh, my nose. Yeah. God, almighty. What is wrong with those guys? Just when I thought they were making a big comeback. They booked stuff so great this week. They're worse than I was ready to put them on my hit list. And I think the S is going back. Here's a highly, hello. Take me over to an asshole. Hey, before I go. Another band's online. Yeah, no. Just to tell you, I heard the, uh, I heard some other conversation when I was on hold. Robert scored in me at a moment. See what's going on with our phone right now because Bluff on after some important lunch space. I was here. I was like, I think that's your favorite. That's what he has the other life. Um, that's just the phone line. He's all screwed up again. How do you like that? Get this whole phone thing in here. They can give me a solid answer about that. There's a whole thing in school that's what I'm going to do with that. Okay, you know, uh, see here about your point may or penis. What about him? He's going to be on the lap in today. He's done me on the lap. Yeah, we're getting ready. The phone's so close. All right, great. I can't wait. Thanks for the good news. Hey. Yeah. Oh, I was just in the cell. You whiffed up with the, with the work. You know, you can listen to them between them and find this. And who the hell can I listen to in the morning down here? Howard. Howard? Yeah. Yeah. We're going to take one of those things. I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, what's his name? Bob and Tom. Who are they? Have a great day. People probably can't pick up on the highly. They're probably a Bob and Tom are great, but they're on FM and Palm Beach. What's what's the name of that station? You know? I can hear. What is it? Oh, the gator. That's right. And Palm Beach. Bob and Tom are great in the morning. In fact, the rumor is that the worst team is going out Bob and Tom are coming in. That's what I hear. I just started that rumor. Keep them on their toes. So our phone system is all screwed up. I sure hope Doug don't turn them out and come back from his important lunch date. Just because our phones are all screwed up again. Airfree, single day. In fact, probably if we ever had a day that we got to the whole four hours without some other stuff, you know what I'm going to say? Yeah, that was no fun. Where was all of that? And this stuff? Yeah, you're right. 21 till noon here at 5. 60. 2. It's 5. 60. You may have. Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. We've got the goldbird. We've got the appamunes at 2. Sports radio 5. 60. Q. A. The Rogers got your G. Bullets said that it's no different. He was a little bit late and never put up in it. He's running for the White House. He just chanted me. No drugs and that's not all even down a few people. How can he drugs with you? He even dropped some medicine too. Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it? He prefers the press with shut them out. He's grown up there damn business. He did more than what you think. But he watched it tell the same. He prefer cocaine too much. That's the question that he does. And he made you quite much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. George he wishes that he's so clean and never put up in it. He's running for the White House. He just chanted me. George he's pretty, George he's pretty. George, you want to say about that. Yeah. 60. Yeah. No. 90. Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. Here's one of the RKO Fan Club that I love. Remember when Jerry Williams had the listeners call 9111? Yeah. Yeah. I do of course I was there. I was in the building. How many police cars should have that? 90. I don't remember any police cars showing up. Hmm. I remember two dark, complicated guys into building that rob the chain office next. Speaking of darkies. Yeah. Yeah, we were on the air and he, I walked in and he was in the state of panic. His face was his red as a beat. All you guys up at our cave, they're squeezing themselves in about that story. Thanks a lot, pal, for remembering. There's a little fossil members that good stuff. It was his last night on the air. That was the best part of a jury was leaving the old back to Boston. And he's on the air and all of a sudden, a couple of sparks is coming while he's on the air. And they're mugging their robin to place. Yeah. And of course he had just left. He was leaving. He was working three, two, six, I guess, or two to six. And in Mike's Seagull, the anxious Mike's Seagull was on sixth date. I was on eighth to midnight. And Jerry, I guess, was doing some work and getting all those crap together. He's out in the air's office. And he's getting ready to leave. I'll have to say a couple of dark, complexion guys come up on any robin. And now there's like some stormed around to the building. And I'm sitting there on the air and an action looking was he, action, it was he like, what does it, it's better, right? And I'm better, right, is a beat. Jerry Williams comes in. I just got robbed. He sits down and I've worked call 911. One was great. And we didn't even get a search charge at it. And on the hard tip, we were still calling 911. How do you like that? Here's a call from Dallas on their dime. Hello. Hey, now, you know, talking about the guy that shot himself and got them all. Yes, sir. They're for him for five years. Good friend of mine. Really? I wish, which one is that? The one the shot himself and shot the the other guy. Now I'm from Kent confused on this. The Bernard Disroshe. They were shit. This is the guy who the other guy was seating on his wife. The other guy was with the one with Bernard's wife. Right. Yeah, and they were leaving. And the other guy's that convicted fuel else, when they're who escaped two professionals down murder attempts in the 80s. And they escaped this one. Right. I've filled that form. We worked together five years at Sunrise Elkmore the man. I feel terrible. He was a great guy. And I just don't understand why somebody could do something like this. Yeah. You know, what he must be feeling? Talk to him actually Thursday morning. You know, he'll be going up to any more. No, no, no, no. You know, it's kind of hard. Now we get your, you know, real player. We can listen to you now. Right. Go get all the shooting moves from South Florida, right? I think we don't have enough of it here. But I can go to Sunset and Home of Harald and get something more or so. Just want to come say anybody in New Bernard, you know, we're all real sorry. He was a good guy and it's too bad. Then too bad about all I'm guns to if he would have just had maybe like a butter knife. Maybe things would have been so bad. Well, you know, wasn't an assault while weapon either, you know, they keep complaining about that. It's another hand American gun, you're right. Well, say how did George E. W. for us, okay? I'll tell me who wants to change his mind. Will forgive him. I do want more. I tell somebody to do that. Yes, sir. Harvey Rosen thought Sunrise Elk and you're a big smelly douche patty. You don't do that anymore, but because it's on your dime, I forget to least I can do. Thank you very much. I'm a great guy. Have a great day, pal. Bye. See you. Yeah, I'm a good guy. Sometimes I'm a good mood today because the phones are all screwed up. Seattle care today. You know, it's how metal I am because it's Friday. We got the bigger parents. It's specs tomorrow 1570 South. See how I knew the do with our best of stuff and with our keychain. Yeah. Keychains are going over very big, by the way. And if you can't come to the appearance, you can call Center 1 at 9.5. 5.6.3.3. We're going to go to our website, and you'll run to your.com in order any of our merchandise right off there. And we'll get to you if you live long enough. We'll have to care. I want to get there. I should get on it. 13 till noon in the. Five sixty WQA. Where we go on to a pay phone and Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, we apologize for the sound of the phone. It is a pay phone. It is kind of breezy out here. Not too bad. Okay. Who's had worse today? It's like get to the meat of my call. If I can say that, I just want to say. If Patville doesn't get his goddamn ass on the ice to play, I'm going to get the Russian Mafia after it. Yes. I think that's the only way we're going to get a mouth. There is this right in the Russian mafia. He's going to work. In fact, that's probably why he's not playing. Probably he's threatening them if they make him play the Russian mafia. We'll kick the ranch. Then we'll stick him to the room with that guy. It almost got blown up. His buddy. Yeah. Anyways. His buddy almost got blown up. On that show to you. I think that's all that's all that's all news. Right. Anyways. Those first players are always getting blown. The first thing I want to ask you to do is catch calm green last night. No, everybody is telling me about it. Oh, I forgot. You have got to see it. Copy that. I was the greatest. It was the marshmallow. Yeah. The marshmallow. You put the marshmallow in the back. Oh, you can get a marshmallow in the size of the Peter North. If I could say that. Yeah. And he was just doing things to it. You wouldn't be thinking about it. He's working marshmallow. We're doing it. I'm great. I got to see that Sunday. It definitely has to get some. Classic man. The second thing is on this candy thing. I used to drive a can down here for yellow. Not eight, nine years ago. Knights, as a matter of fact, and you're right about the degenerates, drugs, and all that stuff. Yeah. What kind of people get a can down here? The best part of it was picking up these strippers that got out of the clubs at night and they went out party. Right. But, you know, they have the county broken up into sections and they're numerically done. And of course, this is section for the area over there by Cisterung Boulevard. And whenever a car would come up in that area, it usually wouldn't get run by anybody, including the black drivers. Because of just where it is. You know, I think that's something against the blacks, but I mean, you know, who in the right mind wants to go to Cisterung. As a child, you know, I had to walk on a morning when his drug deal is walking a street. Amen. You know, so I respect you like the least you can respect the right. God, they made you, we had a year to drive a can for a couple of weeks. And I didn't even want to go to the bar, baby. Okay. Have a great day. All right. Come on. A little exercise there on this payfully. A little work up about it. 560, 560 on the A&T line. What about this? Here's a lady in four miles. Hello. Yes, man. I love young colonial. Well, that's great. Speaking of tippers over here in four miles, we have a lot of Germans. Yeah, Germans in four miles. Oh, bad. I live in my acres. What can you just see for miles? Yeah. And we're surrounded by them. They live in the country club and have nice stuff. They don't have enough things. Yeah. They're horrible. Did they ever try to take you to make you go to take a shower? I'm like that. What am I saying? Hey, did you catch that? I'm not sure. William's this. They're getting the incoherent. Did I catch God? You like that? Yes. Yes. I'm a good person. You laugh. I know that. And I'm taking you to the back of the time soon. This is one where Cassie's going to run off to marry the ferry prince. Yeah. And they're on to the fact that she's working for a strip club. I think, no, I didn't see the end of it. I think is this. And I was rich. I've got to go to the strip club and put a five million dollar bill in her. I don't know the way I ended. I guess the guy the owner of the club is going to rape her. Oh, that's right. That's what I saw. I'll go to the end. And you know how it's going to happen. Now he's going to try to rape Cassie and rich it. And what I got and the ego are going to come up with. And he's going to save her from rape. I'm going to drop to a Santa Bel Islander. Santa Bel Islander. Santa Bel Islander. And then I live heavily after whatever. Okay. One more thing about our lovely sheriff. We have over here in Fort Myers. Have you gone in his website yet? No. Please go on his website and look at the crowd. You know something after we talk about soup. I'm like, go on his website before we're at tour clock. He's a loser. He needs to be safe here. Your bachelor's pin share of McDougall and we hate your life poison. And so does everybody over there. And it was cause we love it. Thank you. Thanks. We're going to go. Bye. Yeah. Everywhere you look. We got naughty sheriff. Not these sheriff. We got Ken Jenny and Broward. We used to have a Nick Devadro. And we used to have an edged stack. And we had Bobby Butterworth. It's on the cater for STEM. It's going to be public and whatever it is. It's another sheriff from health. By the way, what's the name of that pit? Is that called a sheriff? What is that? A Mitch Lewis pit. Maybe just called Nick Devadro. One moment please. Okay. Well, I did a one of my thing over here. Nick Devadro. Next pleasure Nick Jay. There. Maybe just called Devadro. Devadro. No. James going away. Navarro. In the mud of so much green and so about. He answered. He said. Navarro. Navarro. He's leaving. Navarro. He said. Good step. By the way, you know something. When I go to him. No. But I knew it for. He was a great guy compared to Ken Jenny. Oh, yeah. He was a raving liberal. He was like Ted Kennedy compared to Ken Jenny. Who's trying so desperately. All new cadrovers and proud by the way, you better beware. Because Ken Jenny is going to put out an edict. That's going to say the more dangerous the past year, the more you know, I would likely we're going to force you to pick him up. That's right. You're all going to be driving on sister on cabin. 560 50 50 pound 560 on the 18 T line. The American line is open 877 785. 877 775. 6345. So we discovered that the blacks are the worst tipers. We put them out. I want to apologize for putting all you dudes out. Okay. That's bad. That'd be bad. I put them out. Yeah. I've exposed them. I'd be exposing them. I keep scared they're the bad tipers. And I will let but there's a bunch of racist shortes out there too. They don't like us white folks so much. I just put them out again. Again and again and again. Not to mention the course all them, them fact, shortes out there too. Like James Brown. Here's a Cooper city. Hello. Yes sir. Don't put me out. And little rich. All right. Let's put them out. Would you rather be put down or put out? Put on. Okay. I'll put in. You'd rather be put in. I'd like real turn on my abonash phrase. Yeah. I think it's our full question today by the way. You're ready to be put out or put in. I'm sorry. I think it's related to being a victim or something. Yeah. Don't pull me out. I really, really put them out. Yes sir. He won't be called back today. We put his ass out. I don't have any stats for anything. But I bet he's a black cab driver. So I don't want to pick up certain types of either. Yeah. You know, it's not just the racist thing. Really. No, this goes their dark. I mean, like I said, white folks are scared to death. And even a lot of black folks are scared to death of other black folks. Exactly. I think my question. Why is everybody so guy damn scared to black people? Most crimes by blacks are probably on by other black. And that is correct. That is absolutely correct. Don't people aim it up. Yeah. And for the cabs, go ahead and idea for that. You know, we do have yellow cab and, you know, let's get somebody like Goj. Maybe just like a blue cab called Rocky cab. Black cab. Frontier cab. There you go. Red cab for the Indians. White cab for the hockey. Yellow cab for the only for the Chinese now. And then we'll write down some stats and okay. And white cab for the crackers. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, and it was going to be a good one too. And we chickened up. I guess we probably put them out. We put his ass out. Chicken. Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh. Chicken. Yeah. It was a dark, complexed person. Yes, it was. Somebody would maybe a little bit of a hostile. Yeah. That's all I can say to you, sir. Chicken. Do you mind? Of course they like chicken. That's that. And I see that's a stereotype. Although, isn't that interesting? Every black person we've spoken to today except for the lady from the Virgin Islands. Everyone telling us they're restaurant stories. What were they all eaten? They were all eaten. Chicken. How do you like that? What do you think the origin of that is? Why do black people like chicken so much? And watermelon? And that's another good question. I think do chicken and watermelon like go together? There's lots of big deal with that. And don't just eat the way the bread they are breading on the outside of the guy. They're chicken and they're like, how stuck in together there? Not good, man. Not good. It's 11.56 at 5.60 WDQAM. This is 5.60. You way out. That's what I'm talking about. Help me with you. You way out. I have a good water day. Yes. The dogs. Both. They're three. Power. Party rolling with a circular whiff by 81. They're 10. They're a people. And they're like, how's the bus? They have an answer. I didn't do it. That's it. They're a decar. They're not just exactly. I don't even have a word. It smells rotten smell cool, boy. You say Mom is still good. Down you go. You as a girl. You become a virgin. They'll deal with all my revenge. Well you can win the show without a magazine. D Swoop later. Yeah. I'll fight every day. We all stand out. We never don't. I never don't. Actually, we feel Pul Rec as if it's important to be someone. You lockare the free High You know that every now and then I shall some crack numerator crackers your competa Some were struck all in the intersection Working for free food Good thing in the  Relotic musicac bur able house with no windows And be mad at number wishes she might pay for their home. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Yeah! Be so rich in quiet spirit. And I go to film my crack. I think I went to crack city. You can count on that. I've been going to crack city. And pass my rap. I think going to crack city. Pass my rap. Yes! Yes! Two, two, two, three, four, three, five, six, seven. Oh! Posted it. You got me. You got me. You mean you take the evil kids off? They're not taking the kids off. Oh! Oh! Come on to a five, 60 WCW. We got a couple of an online there including the America's Lion Baby. We had to spend spotty today. Thank God. We don't want that thing to get overboard. Or that will be gone by the end of next week. 877-785-Neal is that number. And that's toll free for any place in the US of a supposedly alleged 877-785. What is it? 6345. Thank you. Here's a alien highly. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. I'm listening to a show now like for three days so far. Are you ready? Is that all? Well, I didn't know about it before my son told me about it. Right. Um, I don't know. Really nice. You don't know? What is your son like to show? Um, I don't have a son. I thought you just said your son told you about it. No, my son told me about it. You like interpret what did you say? He said a friend told her. Oh, your friend? Yeah. I'm having a little trouble understanding what you said. Your friend. I think he said you're son told you about it. No, not my son. I'm actually too young to have a son. Yeah, yes. I don't like it to me. How old are you? I'm 16. Oh, you can have a five year old kid. No problem. The way things are going out. Yeah, probably. So you like the backseat boys? Not early. But I think I know that son that you were looking for yesterday. I'm a very curious son. Would 98 degrees? Yeah. And Joe Mama. I think it's. So I found you. Right, that's it. That's exactly like 98 degrees. Not really. Oh, I didn't think. No. Oh, good. Now we're getting more. That's good. That's a very good stuff. I've been like a rock. Like what? Well, airsmith. Airsmith. You got me one over sweet aren't you? Well, listen, you have a great day. All right. And a great life. Okay. Bye. Bye. Well, she was very nice. She was just 16 baby. That's what I said. That was lovely. And she's brand new because her son. I mean, her friend, the tour about. I don't know what she'd be saying. These phone lines. Is it my ears? Is it the guy? What is it? 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. 877 785 Neil. Jim Rolmazon. We can't compete with that. Oh, no. We're really in trouble. See, I had to break the news to you, Pete, but it doesn't make any difference to me. I mean, I don't really care. I know that comes in great track. You just keep putting my name in the paper. It's the only promotion I get. Oh, it's the only only anti-neal. It's the feel not Neil. It's Neil says this. Great. Thank God. Thank God for my good friends at queer channel. They're the only ones that will put my name in a paper. And they're paying for it. That's the promotion we get over here at this guy, Dan. Want to be easily agreed. No. No. No. No. Not even a goddamn sandwich boy. And by the way, and my good friend Chuck over to Subcenter. I still love you. Chuck your great guy and I wait for him every day. Yes, I noticed he didn't have one finger sticking up in the air when he was away. But on the side of the building, he used to say, for a good time listening to the Arragas of it. And now it says, be sure to order your holiday six foot sub. Because it's the holidays. And he's discovered it's more important to use his sign as they're the promote his own business than the promote my show, which is hopeless anyway. Isn't that right Chuck? Oh, thank you. Chuck is a great guy. I understand what the holidays are down. I guarantee he'll put that listen to me arrages. No, they're right up there again. So it's all these are. Once you're Chuck, come on Chuck. No. Must have been those meatballs. Here's the cross-pring. Hello. Yes, Neil. How you doing? Great. Happy birthday. I was at a time. I feel so freaking old. I really don't. I don't feel any different than ten years ago. You don't look at day old. Yeah, right. I was talking about brother. He was up in Philly. I've listened to you on the net. On the net. Point out. You're listening all over the world. But he was telling me a story yesterday that I have never heard. I'm 47. He's a couple years older. He went to a Catholic high school in the Bronx. And when they would go swimming in the pool, the Catholic brothers used to make the splim naked. Right. And I said, what was the reason? He said, well, they said that they didn't want to get lint in the filter. They didn't want to get naval in the filter. They're not getting lint from what? I'm the bathing suit. Oh, that's right. I was in the pool yesterday. Last night I noticed his bottle lint in my beard. I said, I said, I just told you. I asked why I said, what did Norman dad say? He said, well, you know, he told him that they said, well, let's do it. He went back in the church. That's a moment. The rules, the brothers and the nuns used to preach. He used to say, you had to do whatever they said. That's right. I couldn't believe it. I said, you feel like he said he felt strange at all. How he said he stopped swimming because that I said, no, the swim team had to do it. It was just, you know, like recreational swim. But swim classes. He's in a little bit just like, you know, swim class and at the school and whatever else. I said, time for more tongue prints. That's right. But I couldn't believe it. How do you like that? True story in a paper yesterday. Maybe he heard me talking about it. They're finger-printed, the art-style. They're finger-printing, all the priests. Yeah, but that's what it was. That's what that tell you. But they now, but they have to have them registered beforehand to compare them because there's a bunch of the way, but your wacko's out there right now. Yeah. There's a picture in the arrow. You think anybody, do you think they can find finger prints on somebody's penis? No, the course not. Well, so what's the point? Right, exactly. I'm not sure. Unless you were a friend inside your acto. I don't think so. Unless you were registered sexist and how you got a match for fingerprints. And of course we know that these guys are never registered sex offenders because the church we should run under the carpet. That's right. They grow in the magic carpet. There's a lump in the rug beside the Yankees Stadium. There's a fact in the church. Right. Have a good one. Thanks for the good news. So there's the naked truth. As fathers tool once again, we go to his magic finger with the altar boys. Don't do what I do, just to do me. 560, 0560, pound 560. I mean, this business is the way for an emaltate. You know, bending down. It's also obvious. You know, it's called training and vaccination while they're very young. That's what Hitler said. Get em allery young. Brainwashed. In Dr. Naked, I'm on her hands and knees. Tell him, open wide. I'm going to stick away from, well, look like a wafer. Even if it's passed, no, it's 560 W to Q a m. This is 560. 1, 2 a m. Jim M. It's talks more. A racket right here. On 460 Q a m. It's wide. Are you asking? In theaters now, from the director of the 6th sense, it's the 8th sense. I can't say it. And we know. Yeah, me too. My pudding tastes like Alan's five. Well, my pop star tastes like Bob Holt. Please not said yet. I know, but I still taste like him though. He eats it. Showing up. Oh, my pop pudding tastes like Tamala. Lee's old in blood. Well, let me have some. Paul, I'm going to pass down at 560 W to Q a m. We got Hank Goldberg, 2 o'clock this afternoon and Hank with the, uh, Of course, we got a, overshot. Give me five to six. Oh, that's something. Anybody ever heard that? Call the replay to call this morning on a worst team. That he made yesterday morning that in temper call, where he's always ripping everybody to sports writers and sports castes. And if you guys would just listen to what I say and what you say, my, my, my, my, your are hard to ask Jimmy, you're a real hard ask. And all I can say about Jimmy is he's an asshole. No question about it. Okay. Get off the Denny's case. You miserable Jack ass. He really is. He's a piece of crap to me. In fact, everybody Hank was told me that the other day, but of course he's got anything for that show. So I don't want to cost problems. Okay. Now is this guy still here that we put out hello for a lot of you. Yes. Yes. Did we put that thought we put you out? No, you put me out. Oh, the term put me out means form of disrespect and I'm more. Well, that's not what the other guy said. Well, that's the way I get it to expose you to out you like bring you out of the closet or something. We've got a closet in my feet. I'd take it to be a library distract me. Well, that's not to at all. Well, that's the greatest respect for my brothers out there to once who deserve it. And for the people that don't deserve it, whether they're black or white, but to them as well. Let me explain something. I'm almost. I'm asking where I can mail from Chicago, but I don't know if I'm going to raise your finger. Oh, well, hey, listen, there's a lot of very well-produced parts in Chicago. I just want to explain to you. I went to school at Eastern Illinois University, which is in Central Partial and North. All right. Go on my time that I was in school. I was a waiter. I wanted to the restaurant there. And I don't know if you know anything about Illinois, but it's a farm town in Central Partial and North. Right. And what I'm getting at is the tipping. Like the tipping that the country has. Yeah. And most of, I will say, 99.99% of the customers that I weighed on were white. And I was an eight-hour shift doing my time that I did work there. I might have gotten $10, $15 worth of a tip. Yeah. So this thing about always channeling the negative information about blacks on tipping is totally wrong. Well, I must hear another thing wrong. Let's start off the board. Well, why people tip like crap, too. How's that? But your choice, your choice. I sure we ought to have some restaurants now. If white people come in, we'd have a rubber stamp. We put on their automatic 30% tip just to make up for the cheap white backters. How's that? That sounds right. But, you know, another thing, you know, I'm this by third-time listening to you. And one thing I noticed about you and most of your listeners, you're basing a lot of cultures and that's not fair. Bashing in one? Culture. Culture. Culture. Culture. This is I was picking on Jimmy E.I. He said, Robert, just come down. Go ahead. Culture is like what? Well, you fancy stereotypical information about blacks, Chinese. Chinese. I love the Chinese. I'm just saying, overall, this is what I'm getting. I like to thank you. That's the reason why the culture is the way it is today is much racism. And until everyone respect each other's culture, you go, I don't know. I don't know about the issues. I'm going to go to all these different places to Ronald, Amsterdam, Berlin, all around the world. And there's all kinds of people. And generally speaking, nobody cares. There are, it's all like everybody kind of melts in together, but here in soft Florida, it's like a lot of hostility. Lot of hostility. Well, it's hot to the wall over the country. Not like it. We got a special blend. Read. I just want to mention that information. Thank you for. Okay, I want to put you out now. Okay, he's got that radio crank. I mean, he's at least the East, the never-day man. He loves me. I think they should have made him say that. I love you, Neil. I love you. Everybody calls in on Monday. I love you, Neil. And he's going to say, he is. You watch Monday. I'll get him to say that. Because he loves to show. He just don't want me to put him out. See now that I know what it means. I mean, I don't want to be putting nobody out. In fact, I think, like I said, most guys would rather be putting it in. We have an open line on the America line, 877785, Neil. 877775, 6345, that no giant. Let's do Liberty City. Hello. Hello, Neil. I want to wish you a happy belated birthday. Thank you. I got a question about Blacks going to pick a restaurant. You brought up? No. Yeah, I don't want to argue because I like to show you shows. Be it, man. I love it. I think Black people, as well as any other so-called non-white has to go anywhere they want. Right. We got this. And as far as the tipping crap, you're saying, I'm not going to go there. I'm not going to go there with that Charles Thompson thing. Yes. If that's the type of service, and then Tytoni, who was Japanese, by the way. Yeah. Just don't go there no more. And another thing. Yeah, that's what I, if I go into a place in it's very obvious, they don't want me there. Why do I want to spend my money there? Exactly. Exactly. In federal calling 911, why don't I find it out this probably 75,000 Thai restaurants within 10 blocks of wereitai tones. If he had the feeling that they weren't treating them right in there, next time go someplace else. And Jay Little bit making a joke about it last night on the tonight show. About Tytoni? Yeah. It says national now. So I mean, out there, Burbank, California, where you show us that, more and more. They got it. They heard about it. I wanted to call you up in, because since you do all these little bits, and you're talking about mainly my type of people, Blacks, why don't you just do a lot of bits with a lot of Black bits like the Reggie White with the Campbell Supermmercial. And you know, that's why you always saw my, I don't care. Yeah. There's a song by Phil Collins called, I don't care anymore. Maybe that's the song you're looking for. Okay. I don't care anymore by Phil Collins. And another thing, welcome Ryan. You're a dope man. He's up to good work. And now kick ass man. Go ahead. Do you think that's your way for a standin suit? Hey, nothing like I'm hot baller through. You know, we take the back to a time when my name had done it all whole neighborhood. Now I can't debate it. We ain't need like that no more. We know the new flavors from Campbell Soup. Like Jacob Booth's stew with chunky rat ball, the motorbell is bit. And my favorite, cream omelet. How clip with T-go boot to naked juicy? Oh, and I, your woman is an lunch and sabbou's no more. Co's scabble soup, be good. Mmm, good. Mmm, the bobooth. That's what Campbell Soup, be. Boop, bobooth. 1218 at five, six, you're WCM. He's my mentor and I read you why he me my tour on mentor. Bigoted piece of crap. But anyway, you know, I think it's a good question that the audience raised today. Why is it that white people are terrified of blacks? I mean, we're trying to create racial harmony in this town here, aren't we? And are we ever going to succeed? No, of course not. I mean, why is it that white people like, why is it that black camera? Is there so terrified of driving in neighborhoods where they're like dangerous black people? I guess we're terrified of people we deemed to be dangerous. And I would like to point out here that not all black people like this last guy was he dangerous? No, no, he was not dangerous. How about our buddy that I put out was he dangerous? No, no. Now there's two. Any others? How about. Roy. Sorry, how about him? Yeah, he's dangerous. Do you ever notice the kind of menacing books that he gives you? He's like, oh, like that. Yeah, that kind of thick-aid menacing books that he gives. I think it's through way and put him up to it. 560, 550, 550, 560 on the AT&T line. The America's line, 877, 785, Neil, it'd be open. 877, 785, 63, 45. So only a South Florida thing. I don't think I can detour it. Anybody's afraid of black folks in the... Chicago? Like down there by home with my cissora. Who's afraid of dark folks down there? Here's Boko, hello. Neil, don't put me down, dog. Put you out. I got to put you out, man. I couldn't help but chuckle when I saw that, I had this morning in the sun, said no. Which one do you have? Jim Moron? Yes, the unneal. I didn't see it, but I'm sure there was people. You're the fact that to me to make sure that I mentioned about Neil, which I'm delighted to do. Because there isn't one person who listens to the show. We don't have the sports nerds here. So who gives a crap about Jim Moron? That could be quite a big one. Yeah, just keep mentioning my name, guys. I appreciate it more than you'll ever know. I'm really big something up. I'm working my way through school, so I'm waiting tables right now. And I just got to echo the sentiment. The black people don't tell. Are you putting them out? I guess so. Oh my god. It's just that simple. I mean, it run my ass off. For example, I had a table like six or seven the other night. There was about 70 bucks. I got $3 out of it. Out of 70 bucks, that's got 10% would be seven bucks. 5% would be $3. Yeah, about $4. That's right. Yeah, unbelievable. You know, they can call in and argue with you. But it's true. What we're trying to educate, if you're going to go to a restaurant and people are going to bust their ass to give your service, give them at least 15% for Christ. Six is minimum. Minimum. Yes. I agree. Amen. You have a great week. And you two things. And like I said, get the old rubber stamp on you people in the restaurant business. Let's make it to the American. If in wait, there's nothing wrong with that. A 15% gratuitty has been added to your tip. And then if you want to leave like a little extra, because you have to give your real good service or because your generous like I am, go ahead. Be my guest. With this crap, like a $70 check and he gets so what you say, 15 cents, something like that. Kind of crap is that. And then you wonder why we've been putting you out. Start reaching in your pocket. Start feeling the change. Okay. Start digging around deep in there and see what you come up with. Score scores. Not that deep. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a member of mine. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. What's up? Same old stuff, pal. Look, I wanted to really thank you. I'm a licensed nutritionist and getting the word out on low carb dieting and ideal with these single and. I can't lose an ounce. I can't lose an ounce. And it's found so glad you mentioned to me about doctors. Oh God bless you, sir. Thank you. I know every time I think I got a new doctor that knows something. My latest doctor, I wanted to get a flu shot. I was there a couple of days ago. And there's no such thing as thoroughness with a doctor. My other doctor, Dr. Mark, he's a great guy. But he's more interested in conversation than in doctoring. You know what I mean? More interested in the and. And so how am I new doctor? It's the same thing. Did we ever get around to do in a flu shot? No. And then I took my home test, my home assistant test. And I sent the blood to the lab. I get all my other stuff back. And now here it is over a week later. Guess what? I'm going to do it again. And now I'm going to do it again. It'll take a week to have it. Why have to do this for you? Now that people are getting a little bit more self educated. There's going to be more home testing for blood and Slipe. Would you as a doctor for a month or two? Good. But you can't do your home assistant at home. Oh, yes, you can. You can. Yes, you can. Why does that take a week? Why is that such a complicated test? Well, it's what lab they're dealing with. Oh, they must be dealing with a really bosolab. Okay, Gary get with it. Get with it. We're last. Gary. Again, I just wanted to spread in the word on low carb diet. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. I wish I could lose that 50 pounds. Hmm. I'm just the same. I stay the same. I gain a couple. I lose a couple. I get started. I come in here. And it's the same old crap. I mean, I haven't changed. This is the honest. I've been in the last two years. I haven't changed one ounce. I mean, there have been ups and downs. But in terms of where I was then and where I am now. I mean, almost exactly the same to the ounce. I'm fat. I'm fat. I'm real unhappy about it. I cannot do it. I can't do the heck in them, sorry. I know a lot of you people are doing it. You're doing great with it. I believe in it. Can I do it? No. Can't do it. And then of course, I come in this morning that soup was sitting there. Why did I eat that soup? Not that I want to sign on grateful because it was delicious. I liked it. Am I happy that I ate it? No. No, because I feel like it's loaded. Yeah. I feel like any second I could have some sliders. We're not talking baseball, baby. Sliders. By the way, where is it that you go, those little hamburgers sliders? You know, like at the Royal Castle, like the Wing Arnold hamburgers. There's some part of the country where they call them sliders. We'll find out. Isn't that a great, and that's sound great? Hmm. Like, yeah. Like, mucus. Sliders. Here's a Fort Myers, hello. That's like capital, isn't it? Yeah, I think so. I called it, talked to your board up screener, God, but he said they talked to you about it. A couple weeks ago, you have a problem there. You have to see because you were dumping things over there, but it would broadcast in Fort Myers. I got you dumped with... I don't care about what's going on there. That's all I'm talking about over there. We don't care what's going on there. That's what that bogus station is. There's a little arpeggios. The bees lives. If they don't want to put anything into that over there, they'll have to live with their own problems. I only cared because I thought it might be a concern to you. But if it's not, I don't care either. I like to hear that on the bleeding there. If that's probably the reason we got any audience over there. Well, they have something to do with it. They spread the word. All right. Hey, maybe you'd play all you can need to need to grow for them. If you get it'll break later. I've got a great day. I kind of bought it. Call it for us. You feel like that bit again. Yeah, maybe we'll do the routine again. Let's have to get through with Margaret. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 775, N-E-I-L. They're using that TA again, damn it. That's why they ain't getting through. 877, 785, 6345, and you'll notice by the way, these people will never admit it. You're a bunch of posts. He's have to, I mean, I'm glad that we finally get we had a can driver. The first call out of the box. That was good. We got that former caddy from New York, but you just don't want to admit that. Most of why people are terrified of black men. Scared of the walk up to the ATM at the bank at night. And you look over your shoulder. I mean, you're scared. And that would be anybody. Any scumbag. But especially if it's a big medicine, looking black. Come on, come on, be nice. Maybe he just wants $20 to go out and get the latest something. You know, get a little head. Maybe he just wants to get a few bucks to go out and get some crack. Maybe he's just a respectable guy. I don't just want to go over to get Denny's and see if they'll serve him. Which they probably won't, but nevertheless. And you're standing there at the ATM thinking, oh my God, it's a shpartur. I bet he could out of here now. And it's just like they guys said before, the dark and plucking guy said, he's a white guy in the Gables walking around. Or driving his car. And of course, the cops pull him over immediately. Watch his parts or like you drive it in our neighborhood. And they start getting real nervous and start thinking about those trucks and Texas and all that kind of stuff. All those crazy people, you know? And there's some money, gaw! Oh, we're arrested, rocket is that again. No, it's no, Panthers host it in the Buffalo savings. Come on, Panthers. Can you voice it the Panthers, Richmond Gunl? Can you be a couple of calls? No, we actually Panthers preview starts at seven here on Sports Radio. 5. 69, yeah. Nioan God. We're not on Masterpiece Theatre. The Akron Downsown Theatre presents Star Force Level. An adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo in Juliet. starring Kate Witzlett and Billy Barb Fonte. What's our gun, sir? My love, my friend. I like the way you do. I'm here from the everyday. I like the way you look to. Hi, the hour for in the minutes. There are many days. Come over here, my sweet. Let me partake of those movie lips. Uh huh. Take to the scene. Are the only thing your lips will touch in the floor, yeah, freak? I like the way you do. You're asking for it. Dark horse lovers. On tonight. Masterpiece Theatre. Next to this question, do you write next to him? What are you saying? No. Yeah, he was right there. So they took well. I kind of doubt it, you know. They just ain't had the upper. And when you grow up in a tree up there in Aintree, they're ain't nobody in teacher proper etiquette. 29 till 1 here is 560 WQA. And we've got a couple of overlions for you. If I know waiting 560, 560, 550 on the AT&T line. Here's the Fort Myers, hello. Yeah, you know, I'm a black male, you know, about 32. Oh, right. Yeah, four Myers. Yeah, I'm a black male. I'm amazing. You might still learn to move past. But at any rate, well, all of you guys can move past. I go out to the, yeah, I go out frequently. And occasionally I go out with couples, other black couples. Yeah. And I'll swing clubs stuff like that. Yeah, whatever. But what I find that happens is, hello. I'm here. Yeah, well, most of the time that most of these guys are calling in to, they don't get tips and all this. I mean, I've noticed a lot of times the service just sucks. To start with, you know, I'm saying, so there was, there already come in with the attitude that, you know, hey, these guys are going to tip me. So my foot, you know, I'm not going to, you know, give them any tips. I'm going to throw it out. You understand what I'm saying? I mean, you know, I've, you know, I always tip at least like 30%. At least, you know, I know it's just a guess. But it's, it's all there is to do that. It's because I feel guilty because I know most of the time when I go out, you know, most of people are going out with don't tip. I think that's a good idea. I think from now on, all dark folks should tip like 50%. Just to erase this very, I'm really still here. You know, I'm saying I feel guilty. You know, I'm saying I feel guilty, but now I've noticed, you know, like I said, you know, most of the time these guys come in and they've already got to preach this attitude. That's why I asked, thanks to real good because we got so many strikes against this already. We figured it out. Oh, seriously, at least if we leave a good tip, they'll say, oh, why do we, you know, we don't mind if they come back. But I mean, I'm going to question one thing about it. And like I said, the list of the two of you show and I'll just be guys calling it, oh, you know, they've never took the number two. They've never took it. And he's got to make me stop tip at all. So I think the podcast called me kettle a while you got it. I'm sorry, right. I'm sorry, Dave. Good show. See you. Okay. We got a dark iron for a Myers who moves fancy. I like to go to the swing clubs and he's got a big one. Okay. Five. What's the number on the worldwide line? 877. That's our next poll question from Monday. By the way, that's our poll POLE question. Now those stereotypes are not true. Believe me. I've come across so to speak. Some black guys will run like a butterfly. 877. 785. Neal. 785. 633. And see when you try to impress people when that stereotype, it's kind of like a jungle thing, you know? Like it like an ape has got like a big shlong. You know, I'm hitting that not like a human. Is that supposed to be like a Peter. What do I say? Like John Holmes. I'm a said like Peter Norr. Nobody is like scored scored either. You know, for God at 87, he can still scored scored. Bring it, baby. For God at 110. Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. How you doing? Oh, this is the guy. That's what I just got to say. See, he's got a fetish with that. That's not the guy. Is it? No, this is just another spook. Now, that guy from the other day, he called earlier. And he also said socksucker again. They've got to have sensual that. We ought to be, you ought to be hanging with the, a Cubans. You know, Joe Costell when I were having a conversation this morning and maybe the audience can help that I sure doubt it. Speaking of ethnic things. We're talking about the sports in this town. And one of the reasons it's so difficult to get a crowd. Like the Cubans, I mean, you know, blacks feel like basketball and they like their football. Not too many with a baseball and certainly one or two with hockey. It's enough. But Cubans, I mean, what sport did they go to football? No. Just a few, just a sprinkling, not many. Baseball, absolutely not. No, the Cubans in Cuba, they like baseball down there. And Cubans in Latin America. But the Cubans here? No, they're on the way. Even when Alex Fernandez is pigeon, he won't. We had everybody on the team when some kind of a Latin surname. They still didn't care. Did they? No. Hockey? No. Two of them, maybe. Honestly, he's long to see two Julios. So, so what does basketball mean to you for? A couple. So, what is that leave? Cockfighting. That's the only sport that the Cubans does seriously. Highly. And you ever see that new sign they got on the Palmetto Highly, home of the fighting cocks? That's it. That's the only thing they can relate to. That they care about. Anything else? Don't hope for that to show up. He couldn't happen. Here's Davey. Hello. Yes, sir. There's been a long time. And he holds station. He went that way. The old station, W.I.C.D. Oh, yeah. Wow. Yeah, it's been a long, long time. Yeah. This morning I was watching the news and I saw them. Fingerprinting all these trees. Right. And I'm like, whoa, what the, you know, what's going down? And I turned up a volume. So, they're sitting there and they're going to the captive so and so it's always be her friend, you know, for your friend, all the priests and the bishop and all this stuff. And then, friends and all the employees, and I'm going that's cool. What are they going to do with it? They're going to vary in the guy. After they cut from the film he goes and the disease will be held at the arch die. And I'm like, wait a minute. Why? Why are they going to be a file there? I'm going to start the fashions, but I'm going to check in, cool. That's right. There you go. That's number one, right. Number two. I listened to Rome for the last hour after you're done. I just find it entertaining. I mean, it's pretty good, but together, I'm not going to sports for you. Yeah, I'm listening to it. You know, and I enjoy what people are going to say. Well, what did you talk about? I'll kind of sport and also, well, it's, I don't know what I put it. You know, they can't get me put it in a different type of semantics. It's not boring. It's not all stats. It's entertaining. But it's still sports. True, but he also gets into other side. You know, he goes beyond that, you know, like into how you do with the hercums. This one shoots that brother four times by accident, and then he'll chop this cousin. He goes into that same stick. But it's, I find it quite interesting. And it's not so bland. It's an explanation why it just doesn't deal with the fans. Right. And whatever that nobody knew about it. I'm in trouble with this. You're in trouble. I don't think you're in trouble. I don't think you're in trouble. I don't think you're in trouble. I'll need to do this. Well, the sports holds me. But I mean, it's like, you know, I can say it's quite good. Next. And that show and get rid of the bitch that comes on later. I mean, that's enough to drive, you know, that's during the drive crime. Yeah. Someone on 95 has been south. And I hear that laugh I hear her talk. I'm looking to kill somebody. He's drive time and she's driving everybody to another station. Yeah. Right. Well, must remember, it goes down. Her numbers go down. But she's not only doing that. She's dragging everybody else. And you don't want to talk about it. I'm so sorry for the guys. Oh, well, yeah. But I, it's hard to blame her for knocking out guys that run 60 clock in the morning. Well, they should be in the afternoon. That time. Well, that's when they did great. And don't you remember when they took them off from the afternoon, they put her on. And exactly what I predicted was, it happened. Yeah, they fired her out. Huh? They should have fired her out. But she took their numbers, which were pretty decent in the afternoon. Yeah. And they knocked him down almost nothing. At least they were competing with Hank given a little run for his money. She doesn't even do a one share. She's invisible. She's like one step away from Waffen. Yeah. I'm serious. She wants to go away. She barely makes a flip on a richer scale at this. She's about four steps. Exactly. Okay. I don't even. Maybe Scott's horse will hire but I doubt it. He's too smart. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the 18 T line. We're all done. But I had a line nine to the I guess. Mostly four miles today. You know what I said? Let's hear it for four miles. I'm blessed them. 877 75 meal. Me, if I could've read Ted David could be caught on. I haven't heard from him. In her life time, I heard from Ted David from CNBC. Was the day I admitted I had that online health that I bought at 15 and changed. And sold at six and a half. And I think if that's what he finally wrote me off. Oh my god. Not going to be called near no more. The great Ted David. Of course, I don't watch CNBC any more anyway because it's too depressing. How does it stocks? Do it at the end by that, huh? I think they're rough about 60 points to dowel. Which of course means nothing because unless you got the same four stocks. 3, come on. 355. You can do it. You can power lunch. Oh, like I said, then as next down 12 points. That's not too good. The S&T's up 3.73. 3.3. Come on. Real quick. Come on. You can do it. Where is it? Did that all of some 50 points? Big deal. Let me get back to much music. Thank you. 21.011 is 5.60 WQA. 10.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. 20.020. I hope can take the carcass. Make sure it is dead. Who did it in the young, and after it is stopped with wrecked the turkey man. Yay, the turkey man, can. The turkey man can tell the conversant was spice, and he makes stuff for it. It tastes good. And who can take some point pitch? Product with a knife? The wrecked with gravy, so it doesn't seem too dry. The turkey man. Oh, the turkey man can. Yeah. The turkey man can tell she knows a thing or two about a butter ball. Oh, the turkey man makes all the turkey. He makes what but juicy and delicious. Talk about Thanksgiving wishes. You can even eat the chiplets. Young young, who can take a drumstick. Cook it golden brown. When you take a bite to want to eat the lemon pound, yes, the turkey man can. Sit up with love and make some bird taste good. A turkey man. A turkey man. There's no chef for those other refrigerators. We'll be very afraid of, for example, if I turn it right right now, Sammy Davis was behind me, would I be a scared? No, because he's dead. Plus he was Jewish. 560 that world line is open. 1 877-85-Neal. 877-7585-6345. Here's a Fort Latterdale, hello. How are you doing? Great job. Great job. Here it is. I got to make some points about this big, I'm first all I know. How many gym rooms show myself? No, the season on the old, the Antineal. He's the aesthetic. He's a living L.A. I'm prime controversy. Yeah, that's forgetting. You have no problem. You have no problem. You have no problem. You have no problem. Don't lose any sleep. I'm not. But you ought to see the check I get twice a month. Exactly. Wouldn't lose any either. Exactly. Let's not make a few points. I'm going to thank you in particular and most of the media for really bringing this up on me out. It's John Henry character. I got to make some points. First of all, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. The funding is closed. I've ever seen by a sports owner. Did you meet the Linda Roberts in the article this week? Yes. That was a great column. Nice going. That's about time you wrote a good one. I'm not in this for the Monday. Right. Did you get saying that all along? If you're kidding me, I mean, this guy must thank you St. Ellen. We complete more on. Yeah. He does. And let me make a couple points. This is a guy who why would you, Neil? If you're in owner for company, why would you have yourself standing out there in the middle of a completely empty stadium to show that nobody cares about your, look like a lost soul. Yeah. It's to show that nobody cares about your company. And he's moving people down. Big deal. Like those 90 people couldn't move down on their own. Let them do that when there's 20 or 30,000 people. Yeah. And move some nice. Some see how fast they get their ass kicked out. Yeah. Or move some people then. You know, after the fifth inning and showed, that would be showing something good. Number two. He's worried about building a stadium. He should be worried more about saving the two. And he said one thing this year to inspire anybody to go out and see these marlins next year. No. You know, you know, he should be taking his checkbook out on more balls. Yeah. And going out and spending something. And we're not only that, but he says they didn't lose any money. So they didn't lose any money. Why aren't they willing to make your commitment to spend a few million dollars more. And get a couple of these in players on there. And then maybe they'll draw some people. This is really a baseball town. And they can break even again. Or maybe make a few bucks. And if they can't do that, it's not a baseball town. Then tell a guy to him. Think and let him go to a Binghamton or somewhere. You know, talk about putting the car to head at a horse. Right. And then he comes out with his 90% thing. Like this guy isn't going to move figures around. And never admit that they wouldn't make a profit. He's going to give him a $90%. And nothing is still always nothing. Yeah. This guy's pathetic. You know, with a great show. I think we're much better now. Okay. But wait, this goes back. Oh, God. Yeah, they're re-releasing the village people. I am C.A. on November 15. How do you like that? I told Robert and he said, Why? Yeah. Because this goes back to me. This goes back. And of course, that brings to mind a question. Why? Yeah. Who needs it? Radio smegman. That's going to be half about another three or four months. And then people will say, Oh, Jesus stuff. We need us suck. After he hears 50 times. I mean, it's fun to hear once or twice again. You know, after all this time. And the thing that I find interesting is these young, males who allegedly are listening to that right now. They weren't even born back when disco was big. Disco died back in the 70s. So let's say 75, 70s. That's 22 years ago. So guys, 20 right now was he born? No. He wasn't even an embryo. He wasn't even an a thought. And all of a sudden, hey, we just discovered disco. Baby, I'm right. Let's put some Gloria Granger, a grainer, a gator on there. What do you say? No. How about that? What's in there? That Alicia Bridges. Let's get her thing going, right? Yeah, that's enough. See that's enough right there. It's all I have to use. That's funny. Oh, yeah, I like that. Now let's hear some real music. 40,000 for the back street boys in Toronto last night, by the way. Oh, I'm thinking about those tickets. I got the kid, currently a meeting, December 5th right in the front row for the macro, reading for the back door boys. Maybe Monday, I'll give those away on the ear. No, I said I would never give anything. But I think what I'll do is I'll come on the ear Monday morning and lie and pretend I'm going to be more. And then you'll find that all the kids are out of school on Monday. In fact, spread the rumor and all the kids will stay out of school now. And Monday, right? You spread that rumor that meals give them a fun seat. I felt more seats for the back door where I wouldn't give those away. But spread the rumor. Maybe I'll change my mind. Maybe I will. What do you think? No, maybe I will. I might. Come on. That's our poll question today. By the way, can I spend my small two nick from 98 degrees or nick from the back street boys or nick from the Young in the horny? Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. For a new couple. Let me introduce my fellow mom and Young Black professional 36 years old. Oh, right. And I go out to eat a lot. Yeah. And you probably go out dressed up real nice though, don't you? Yeah, I do. And you don't go out there wearing like a jumpsuit. I don't know that. And you know, I tip and I do Neil, I tip 20% if you puke on my table. Right. I mean, that's just that way. Yeah. But it's probably because I worked in the industry. And I had to stand in the media. Tell you this. Black people are the only people that don't. I have a before you go on with a French Canadian zero. Yeah. Exactly. But the fact is, would you agree that most Black people are not good tipers? I would agree that they aren't. And I would agree that they aren't simple because they don't know. Okay. Okay. And I thought for a control. If we just start teaching them things like that. And in the amazing, how much progress we can. Exactly. I think that's real the real issue. And it is what it is. And certainly there was some mechanism to do that. Then I think that's I mean, I think after the first eight or nine babies, it's about time. I started to think that's it up. Yeah. That's a second thing. You know, as far as why white people don't like. I believe most white people don't like black. I think I think they don't like. Most, but I'm not saying I don't know about that. Well, well, well, let me put it this way. I don't dislike black people. It's just that there are some that I find are like, I don't know, creepy. Let me give you an example, right? And I'm sure that's a lot of black people would find the same black people. Creepy. Let me give you an example. I was walking home the other night. I was at an unknown place, coconut growth, and hanging out with some friend of mine. Yeah. And I had to walk. Now I'll tell me there were black people on the other side of the tracks. Well, I told you, actually, I do live on the other side of the tracks. Oh, yeah. And so I was walking home, right? And it was a very late. And this group of white people were walking on the same side of the street that I was walking on the sidewalk. But do you know that they actually went to the other side of the street and walked in the other road across because I was walking now? And it happened for me all the time. And I laughed at that because finally I've done that. You don't want to laugh at that. I will confess that. I'm not in a very long time because I don't want to go to my walk. In years gone by, there have been times when I've been walking down a street. I'll look ahead. There would be kind of like a sinister looking young black guy coming the other way. And I'll cross the street and make sure I walk beyond the other side of the street. Well, I mean, to me that no one might be my wrong to do that. Well, let me just ask you, Korshik. You see what you don't know. You think that you think that all black. No, I feel that I know I don't know not all. There could be a lot of black people. They could be me. They could be me. And I would not across the street. That's right. That's right. I talked about that in you dress. But when it's some guy that looks like O.J. And a jumpsuit, I across the street. Well, I can't appreciate what you say in that way. I just don't, I thought I'd go in my two cents in there. But not all black people. For example, if you were walking down a street in the grove and you want the same side of the side walking you saw O.J. with a machete walking towards you, you might cross the street as well. I would, I would cross that street somewhere. That's a very bad thing. That's a bad thing. You know what I mean? But then, you know, all black people are not bad. Tippers. All black people are not going to hurt white people. I frankly don't have mine. And all Jews aren't cheap either, but just most. Okay. I'd be able to listen. I enjoy listening to you. Have a great life. I'm sorry. Yeah. I mean, this thing about old Jews. Let's start picking on them. I'll lie in bother. You know, the hell in there. We've been through it a million times. They're not going to change. Oh, no. And every time one dies, they bring another one down from up north. We just keep replacing. Here's, okay, here's another shipment of old Jews. Just send him off in a condo. Just pick out the naval. Let's set him up and get out of my hair. Get out of my blue hair. See, this is the problem with this time. There's nothing wrong with old people. I'm an old person, not by Florida standard. I'm getting pretty old. Nothing wrong with old people. But there's, we just have a demographic here. Below's the demographic sucks. You go any, any place anywhere. Not just other countries, but in this country. You go to another city. And there's like a lot of young people. There's a few old people in the middle. There's all because of mixed demographic. A mixed bag. If I can say that. Can I say that? Oh, a mixed thing. But here, there's only two kinds of people. There's old people. And minorities. Now that was, I'm glad the way I got. There's the shfarts isn't Julios. Is there anybody else? You have your drive and right there right now. Look out the window. Look to your left. Look to your right. I guarantee you, lead to be somebody old sitting way back from the steering wheel. Where there are arms are standard. I'll terrified. Look at, would usually with their mouth open. Like that. Yeah. And they're making a sound. Eeeey. Why would we drive it? Or it's a somewhat animal person. Or someone dark and collected. I would say the odds are 90%. You mark my words. If you're driving right now, look around. Don't let anybody see you're looking. But look around. And you say, God, if an A baby neals right. That old son of a bitch. Oh, God. It's not a something about this town. Just bringing some more living people. That's all. Some young living and breathing people. That's all we ask. Now we're talking. Speaking of old. Here's how and Dale. Hello. How and Dale. How and Dale. Yes sir. You. I ate six sandwiches. Sixty years ago. It's not what I'll be. All right. We never had cheese on like they sang your commercial. You know, it's some sex. I'm scared. With me. If you know. And anyway. What they say about it is wrong. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They're rich. They say about it is wrong. They're rich. They say, they're rich. Are you a cheap in a while right now? Come on. How do we put you out? But are you a cheap in? Are they in your mouth or in a glass? Oh, my teeth? Are they in a glass? No, they're in my mouth. Wow. Put a full name. Yeah. Well, I'm an old dude. I'll do shit. And a good day. I'll do shit. But I go back six years ago. But you can tell that. And people are advertising. Yeah. You can't even advertise. And there's no cheese on them. Fully cheese sticks. I tried. You got near a quarter. You're nickel. Right? You ordered more than that one for you. Right? Well, listen. If you would eat enough of the onions, you might have to clean it. Clean it out of your sinuses. You wouldn't be talking like that. Hey, that was from Hell and Dale, by the way. Hell and Dale. Oh, oh, oh, oh. 1256 of QAM. This is 560. QAM. No, no, no, no. You're not using your hands. My hands are going to be a good body day. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. There to my amicots with a hot new beans. There are the streets fighting cry. They pop. At the hand you can't make there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Hell and Dale's by. We have come to create a new six-wheel street. We've sent it in at the group that senior citizens at one around trying to get the early birds. Special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. And we can't cross here. You'll have to cross the line there. They're just there. They're just there. They're just there. They're just buzzing. All right. Just there. You're in a red. Oh, so now you're in an asking my wife. What's the charge? There's a power. I'm going to have a person. Let's see that white stuff. And just a thought. He's got over 100 bags in here. Oh, boy. Wait, hello. And that restaurant. You just can't, uh, I think I'm in. Yeah, it's very similar. In fact, he comes on a hobby. He's in Hell and Dale's by. They're getting this ball on MBC. Oh, hi. Hi, the way to people who used to own puppets. Want me to pass the message along to all the old Jews that put them out of business. Cox will hoist. Two minutes after one, it's five sixty-queway. Another steal of sweet and low to silverware. Anything that wasn't tied down. They'd shove a bunch of coal-small in their purse. Get the little hairy, little messy. Who cares? You know, it's pretty. All the deal pickles. They're shove it in your poise. Like this last guy, it gives me a son and then some hell and Dale about. 700 years ago when I was at teenager, there wasn't no cheese on a Philly cheese steak. Just cheese. They're just taken onions. And you know what? He's still hasn't got out of his system. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, I worry. Pretty good, sir. I don't get it. African Americans are uneducated about tipping. Maybe a honky can educate them. How about the Pullman Porter? They made pretty nice livings off the tips. Yeah. And you can just, uh, they're uneducated. Evidently uneducated on the giving part. The receiving part is not a problem. Yeah, or else, uh, just go to this came cafeteria and, uh, ask one of the brother Waders there. They'll tell you all about it. Uh, I have a better solution that doesn't have to single out any group. Just keep in mind that the people that are bringing the food to your table when they go Pick it up. They're alone with your food for a brief, uh, moment there. And you can happen. That's right. Just think back to those great stories. T. Well, I'd very used to tell them about spit and a soup. Yeah. I mean, some of those kids do it, uh, never, not even thinking about tips. But, uh, you know, you, you spit and buddy, and then you go back to the same place. You're asking for trouble. Right. So, uh, I used to drive a cab. Uh, it, uh, it night time. It's for me it had a lot more to do with the area you were in. This person you were picking up. But I was over there on South Beach. I mean, anything goes, you know, and you take your chances. But, uh, you go down this came Boulevard and you, it's happened. I picked up a young block. I and what they're doing there is, uh, they're going about, uh, a mile west into the Bad neighborhood and having you wait while they pick up their drugs to come back and So on this came Boulevard. Longest ones. And, uh, I mean, they were great. They, there was no problem without them paying you and they tip you too. But the problem is that the police catch you there with them in your car. Uh, they're going to confiscate you. You ran into a grassy, off of you. So, uh, you know, you just got to be careful. Okay, though. Educate them. Have a great life. Bye bye. Okay, when a doctor at smart, that's what he's saying. Like Don Adams used to say, get smart. What do you think? No. No. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the 18 to wireless lot, whatever it is. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, how are you? Pretty good. Yeah, this is the first time I called you guys for a family to hurt you in the Ready before actually. Are you living me? Yeah. I've been for a hundred years and you just found this show. Yeah, it just felt too short. Well, that's because we don't get any property because there's no promotion during the Skydam station. So what it is, uh, I got to keep working for a company, Transpash Club, and I get in. I also know the Zondance, I'm the station. I heard this thing by tip is. Yeah. So every time I was at the whole town, I'm laughing quite a bit because you pretty funny. Yes, I am. I'm a panic. Anyway, I'm in the business where you can't get tips and I find that. I'm a first before this, I used to work in the condos of LA, and then I work as a employee. Right. And so I understand that you said by old Jews, people not to attend, but no, I'm not all of them do that. No, just more. Come on, that's not the only idea. Yeah, old Jews are cheap. Old Jews are cheap. But you know what, I'm a spanic, a lot of spanic people don't say. Really? Why? We never haven't got to them yet. Yeah, well, sure. We haven't figured out what it is that they do. We know what they don't do in what they don't like, but we haven't figured out what is they do, except go to cockpipes. But you know what it is? It's like down the South American, it's not customary to tap. It's all just you pay one price, you know, really tap. Yeah. So that's the problem. So we come here and they don't know better. It's really the lack of age to come. So all over Europe and Latin America, I guess it is. It's standard around most of the rest of the world. They put it in there. They put it right on the bottom of your check. Retorty has been added and that's it. Not just for dark people, not just for old Jews, but for everybody. Then nobody's got any complaint. Nobody's going to be called 911. We don't have to get Bobby butterworth in the middle of it. We don't have to have no law suits. And that's the way it works. Well, but one fascinating thing I was watching PBS and had to say what students going to Africa and they have black students and white students. And they get there and the white students are served before the black students were served and the black students were very ignored. And they got upset and started having the words with the African host. And so it's been a much around the world. I don't know what's going on, but whatever they've started going around the world, even in Africa. Oh yeah, yeah, they're not too fond of blacks in Africa. I mean, I'd like to say pal. Okay, buddy. Ever great the life. The 800 number is 8777560. What is that that's your email? It looks pretty good. That's what I want to you understand. What is it? Oh, baked TV from our good buddy Tony's in on the 93rd Northwest second habit of after two days in line. By the way, Robert did a great job this week. And we also fed him pretty good too. After that, uh, I'm Wednesday was very upset because I go to Mommy's. I see you forgot. Should never agree to work on Wednesday. Because I go to Mommy's for lunch. Not even any walkabout. Soup. What did I say? 8777550345 for our America's line. Where we had a couple of calls on her. They're not doing that to throwing. That's not overdo it. That's not build up more than a $23,000 bill this first month. Or are these people cheap? I mean, these people are just amazing. Anybody other things that I'm kidding? But there are people in tears. There are people who are one contest from power 96, six years ago, who are who have mortgage their house just hoping and praying that maybe they might get their winning someday for they croak. Is there a chance? No, probably not. Here's my any hello. Yes, sir. I have the motion for about a month. I love your show. Almost everything you say is right on exactly. I don't know. I was listening to the black gentleman who called for North Miami before and I have to say, I don't know. I really don't have anything as black people. But if you see someone walking down the street, it's all about how you project yourself. You're hooting the holler and play the boom box like. Up to 10. Obviously, you're going to make people feel a little bit of the pop-up. You're going to scatter the crowd. They're going to like run for cover. I mean, but up there, I mean, I have nothing as black people. Just about how you project yourself. I just want to talk about the tipping. I haven't done any research on the discrepancy. The blacks and the whites tipping. I mean, some people tip well and some don't. But the thing that really burns my ass is that I'm from New York. And when I came down here, I never heard of adding Routoude on to the check. The whole idea of Routoude is that it's extra. Yeah. You don't add that on? They do it all over the world. But I don't understand. Well, they do. They do that to protect the people who work for them. So at least it makes it standard. And then if you, the feeling is if you give really good service, or if you got somebody that is a good tipper, then they'll add something on to it. But at least they're not going to get stiff that way. I understand that. But then they'll I feel about it. I get 20% of the guard. Right. So do I. But if there's a utility on there, if they add the utility, I refuse just by a matter of principle, I will not add anything extra. Don't understand that a long run. The service people are still ahead of the game. Because there are a lot of people out there who you've heard story today. 5% 7% not even 10%. So when a long run, if it's guaranteed to be 15% it'll balance out in their favor. But more than also balance out because of because a lot of people also give more than that. Not as many as you think. Really not everybody is generous like us. I don't I just I just believe that these people these people do work hard for their money. They don't get paid a lot by the, by the established and working. Right. I believe that that these deserve a little. Little. Little. Little. Little. Little. So I don't know. I just don't really agree with the 15% with the 15% because I don't know. The kids are there. I was a joke. You know the day. What do you go there? Why do you do this? Anybody. My parents were telling me what. Oh my God. Take a lower real place. Don't take a lower place. That's a face place. You know. Yeah, no. I don't. People don't want to press everybody else. Yeah. There are a million places you can go and get better stone crabs than a Joe. No, we don't have to. You don't have to smear the amount. And try to impress everybody. I don't know. Don't know. I know you're talking about. I need to look at that. I'm sorry. 10%. I don't want to. I want to go. I don't want to go. There. I just know the lay of the land. I don't even like stone crabs. But I've had seventy five trillion people tell me who loves stone crabs. That there's at least a hundred thousand places you can go and get it. He would much better stone crabs. Don't have to pay to those. And I don't have to smear anybody to sit you and ask down on the chair. Just like that crap with the forge. Oh my God. The forge. Every time I dry, I used to, of course I'm not over there anymore. I used to be any way moved. And right by the force, that music would just start popping them. I don't know what it is, you know? I don't know what's for all of us. Never that episode in the force not too many years ago. Yeah. I start conquering our visions of myorlance. He walking his little dog in columns, Avenue. And the four days even on columns, they never left. You know, it's one of those things. They give you or some food, okay, he's starving. Mentally and physically. Get the Hoover out the moon, my! Guitar sounds and acceptance He's not even in the morning. He's a man, that's a trap. Do you want? I'll put you on the plane, tonight I'll hold you like this. Yes. Your mind suffering from jealousy will never stop me. Goodnight. Now with prepared to take you I will be with you You and I will follow you I don't care I don't care Outside of school is the job scene Trafflorida is boring It's all the parking lot Early birds and those parts are so busy It's a really big night, don't care I don't care Whatever happens to all the footings, to sleep, to have Nobody gives a crap And it's a stroll, fight a battle, kick the land Also pray dead, so I prefer to scratch my balls instead I don't care To hell Remember to scold I want 17 God-life to fucking am Okay, I said Speaking of Boston, I'm sure they're not listening up there Boston newspaper rejects tobacco ed This makes me nauseous Rejecting tobacco ed The Boston Globe, a unique of the New York Times company There's a small number of new newspapers The band advertisements for tobacco products The reason I say that's crap is because it's illegal to smoke No, not yet It's illegal to sell cigarettes No, it's like $20 a pack now So why shouldn't they be able to put ads in the newspaper? God damn it Because lots of faces, little kids don't read newspapers Don't let the last time I check So they can get all the benefit about tobacco ed on TV Which have been illegal for about 400 years if they want But kids don't read newspapers Of course, tobacco ed says it's a con for a less than one percent of the globe's ads revenue A dollar amount, much less than seven figures So they're pretending to be good at 2 shoes But are they really turning back a lot of money? No, no, they're just putting on a big act In addition to which the Boston Globe is very, very, very, terminally boring Just like the New York Times and like the Toronto Globe and Mail All those staagy old newspapers They want to be staagy and old, they're staagy and old And they're boring Give me the Toronto Sun, give me the tabloid in Boston Which used to be when I lived there, the record of America Now it's the somewhat over some notes What is it? I don't know Maybe it's not even there anymore Because most newspapers as you know have gone out of business Anyway, be that as it may? Is anybody in the audience read a newspaper? No Here's Miami Springs, hello Hi, New York Yes sir You know I thought I'd read Whitney Gold the other night Great It was brilliant But I must say from the New York Straps I've stood all over the ice Oh yeah Ten minutes, that's enough These myths, Jack was on the ice, Fred Braither And I love the way that Jigs McDowell said he faked The defense of an end the gold tender Is just they don't have a name I'm sorry But I think they got a name I mean it was a very Startling in revealing experience So because I had ducked into the kitchen to check on some swamp I was making myself because the wife was excluded The TV Yeah And then I was probably got a hat for her Oh yeah All of a sudden I hear this piercing or gazz Mcyowell Why? And I lunged over the counter and I realized Whitney has scored and I asked her waffles I mean, was that one a real one? I mean, have you been faking it with me all these years And I mean, are you sure? You know? Ray Wittie has a fair Uh-huh Oh, the answer that is yes by the way Yeah I think so By the way, I don't know what those What those shfarts are doing in that place anyway I thought that the spooks and slopes didn't mix too well Okay I've got to write that Alright, terrible That is a good point Yeah, you know, don't be in that typhoon And that this thing about the woman in temper pines Whether kid, you know, she may be very nice lady But it seemed a, you know, there's something smells And not just a remnants of Josh Friedman being in here for 30 seconds I'll maybe just Something's thanks to me about that story Jean Marie Davis took her six year old daughter Dupembert pines, typhoon, where's her ty, she didn't roll out of Whatever that is That's the name of the place She didn't roll out of The, a pimer pines That's what it is It says their food is pretty good Although somebody is kind of chitty But anyway, the restaurant owner says he's not a bigot And he's even already himself and he thought that she ate There once before and didn't leave a tip And wanted to make sure he got some money for the waiter And she says he's got to be confused with somebody else He's lying It was your first time there Some blacks say the case highlights persistent racism And tip assessment that's out of restaurant You see this is like which one came first to chicken or the black egg That's the problem, you know? Is it a racist thing? Is it something that's based on a long standing habit that makes people very nervous And as a result, they want to force you to give a tip Because they're afraid you're going to be very cheap Which we are here and by the way So far these last couple of days since we've been talking about this Overwhelmingly they say even a dark you say that We hate to admit it, but we're pretty goddamn bad tipers Except for our more affluent guys, they three or four of them Who said yes? We dress nicely and we leave 20% and we feel very embarrassed And you spares out there, start tip and pretty good That's what they said That guy from Fort Myers, he said all you coolons out there Cut the crap You make his look bad I'm just a little bit lary though Because this is just and again in a Thai restaurant But what was she eating again? She ordered a chicken on tray So that bothers me That bothers me a lot It's like our good friends at the Emerald Coast The great Chinese buffet As soon as I mentioned that they got no way chicken But Chinese chicken dishes there, but also water my lunch and dessert bar Wow You should have seen the change in the complexion there And they treat everybody great at Emerald Coast They don't discriminate They like everybody, they'll take your money Here's the Fort Laterdale, hello How are you doing Neil? Great Well let me put this in here because I've been listening to this conversation for the last two days I'm from Chicago also I'm self-employed I've made close to $100,000 a year All right And I've been in radio I'm sure of this I used to work with the Jack Brick House in Chicago You know we have brought a lot of people My little little money might not know And things are, but let me tell you I've been in Chinese, Korean, or Thai restaurant I want to tell you a perfect example Okay, typically I went to the restaurant I was the only person in there with my date You could hear a retto-zone cotton And what happened was Don't let's got me all the way I'm gonna get it on the way What happened was I asked as usual the young lady to order first The girl stood up there being a pencil on the pad Like it's wasting their time We had the only person in there Right After what she wants she was dependent I didn't see it And then she asked me what I want You know what I need to question with Now what does the young lady want to order You hear what I'm saying? Then the next two white guys walking there 15 minutes later I'll order the blue She's over there smiling After what they want Now, most witches know About 15 minutes after you start to live Come back in there if you want to refresh You're coming back You don't see came back I had to go faster I had to go faster You don't go faster You don't go faster So you know what I got up I got up and I did nothing Good, excellent Good, I love nothing I don't think I'd say I said I said I said you should have been here They had a view head and back I said I said hey, here's your tip I'm not going to get any sound Okay, but the thing about you A person tips for whether or Reserves they received Now it's a self-fulfilling privacy here I'm going to walk in a restaurant And you're going to speak me to tip Just because you're going to come over and serve me I'm going to wait there 15 minutes Why I see everybody around me It's waiting to get served It's up like that You might as well get it I don't care if there's 15% Returity on that beer I won't walk out that restaurant Without paying for anything but my food And they could kiss my ass Kiss your friend ass I didn't have that fat I'm too poor I'm too poor I can't hear black ass So what happened? But they ate And all this about just got talking about poor That bitch would even born when they were poor And they were poor We don't know what they had all these talking about I think he's pulling it I got one other thing for these smart people who are so smart They're saying, I said, I bet they're fat They told me you can't stand that We get rid of whoop they are All right, okay He says don't be saying Tracy is cool and he don't mind Much but spoken whatever other one Everybody said 5605 He was good He was good What time is this, Johanna? Put that laugh and write off the ear I'll tell you that Oh there we're here 5605 560 On the AT&T line We got the hopper hand coming up And two We have two o'clock That's right We got a shot First of all It's different after I 38 special And we got the bookstore and Joe Costello That's right together Between six and ten We got the book The home's dead motor speedway It's a big panzer of 400 Whatever the hell that is Another one goes down car races They're going around and Joe will be Squeezing himself Maybe he'd be in Squeezing Boog He'd get so excited He is in that stuff heavy duty man He's just obsessed with that stuff Why don't even then Italy they got red next Here's a palm springs Hello I bring your daughter's fault Let's go to a Fort Modernity Oh Oh Tell me this isn't happening Tell me Tell me Please Say it isn't so Okay Robert's going in the other room to see if it's that other phone in there Which we're hooked up to What if from the award was it? No No It's just like Okay, well it's ringing so at least it's working anyway Every day is part of the program is to read we have to Is he concerned about this finally? Oh, is he doing anything about it? No, he's a beloved he's right He's got more important fish to fry This is only the show with the 11 share here This is only the show that's making a million dollars every year Is he concerned about it? No, he's the involvement try to get this right now No, no He's walking around a building going Like that, which he does best What is the book's brother Suga? 26 past one is 560 WQM Wake up with the first piece Joe Rose, Jeff the part of the TV We're going to meet the orange and sex Only on sports video climb 60 QA You're flyer, you wear spirit It was yours That's what you're now You say yours That's what's now You're doing the whole kiss, okay? That's what you say You're all about And he's not just your sister That makes you look like you're on the plane If you wear both catch me Doing an anniversary parade For the boys is not brave But you're right, for it is To the whole kiss, okay? Take your right, pull it out To the whole kiss, okay? You're not just your sister Doing the whole kiss, okay? Take your whole step out I'm doing the whole kiss, okay? I'm doing the whole kiss, okay? All right, doing the whole kiss, okay? Or I said he's mannequins past Thanks God, not past it off And he was not comfortable But now he's going to be right back Down there on the bottom Ricky, which he really likes to do best Oh, believe me, that's what I hear From sources who know He likes it on the bottom That's what Carlos said He said Ricky loves it on the bottom Anyway, 130 wanted five, five, 60 Oh, oh, oh, oh, he started squeezing himself, huh? Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello Yes sir Yeah, I'm out of average black pants I'm average black pants Yeah, black pants Yeah, I got a little discrepancy with some of the waders He's got everybody wants to get on a band Well, I love him, I have a man stick it to him I don't have it I make my own lemonade Yeah And then they don't have to stand No, I make my lemonade at the restaurant With the sugar and lemon Extra lemon What do you bring in like a lemonade mix You bring in your country time It's great You take the right seal I use the water And the lemonade I go into a restaurant I use their water to make lemonade You roll lemonade And the sugar on the table And then they try to charge me 50 cents For the water Yeah I don't think that's right Amen I told me when his soup Okay You want? I don't think he'll be when his soup Okay I thought he was a hockey player He is He's playing for Buray tomorrow night He's got a stinging stickin' outside Wait And by the way Josh Friedman came in here Yeah, I can still smell the remnants To announce to me that Pablo Buray has been cleared by the doctors To play tomorrow He has physically okay as far as the doctors are concerned Now that his signal is up to him for the Buffalo game tomorrow I don't forget right in the right way By the way, on your all star valet left wing Right in man he's not on their god dammit So Buray has been cleared to play by the doctor But of course, now it's up to him Now it's up to you The fingers in your the ball is in your court, Pavel The puck is in your rectum Somewhere So it's up to you Pavelov We're going out there tomorrow night And anticipating seeing number 10 on the ice And god dammit it better be him and not jury vault Okay, it better be Pavel Buray 10 Here we fall, go boy They choked they pulled up last night I don't even remind me it was very was this Hey, we got to point over the time Believe me didn't deserve it did not deserve it The falling leaves Well, you know everybody's got to go through a tough time We're going Oh, he's open in the door again That Josh Friedman Oh man Dave Oh Oh Oh What a stench Only here Could somebody who smells like that be still wandering around the hallway Seriously, only in a slacker in kind of a place like this You might have another friend of those pictures Here's Fort Laudervale Hello Meal Yes sir Non-tip in Africa American here All right, Meal I can't tip why, I'm just sorry Yeah I'm not there But what if you want to find it brother weights on you Huh? Or sister Well, let us work there They all have a sweet table We're back there cooking and watching this Yeah, that's true Yeah, yeah You're not tipping whey Right Because I just know my thought Because they can't give an education They can't make a 250 hour They've got to be nice to me And I know it's burning at four of them to be nice to me They're going out there Way to be nice to me They wouldn't do that They're going to put you out man Yeah They're going to put you out man Yeah They're going to put you out man Yeah You only wish they would call you a sportsman You know why use that word It's a nice, it's a nice word Of course You use it because of the night's word Meal it, and we appreciate your people I'll teach you a lot of nigger Yeah, he doesn't it Right? Doesn't it? So this is my good chance You can't talk to any day of the week man It's not much better Right? Moth smoky clown always do I get to a cool man, cool man That man Oh man, it's hard All right, I love it I encourage all you people out there to start calling our dark and plucking Friends, shfarks and shfarks is okay One call me a spear chucker Spell a spear chucker That's another one Yeah, that's another one That's when I see Reggie White That's what I think of a spear chucker So I love this is my good to this is my chance To get back at white You know, now getting one of those white bastards Good to have a little fuck up Get back at white I love to go to restaurant To make white and work our ass off To get nothing Nice going Yeah, I think you're gonna crash Okay, keep it up Yeah See you soon That's what I mean to my friend Five six, seven, five, six, six Five, five, six, six, six, six On a sea-like sparcer I think that's a magnificent word Leave it to the Jews That's one good thing we ever did We invented the other What a great language Sparcer, sparcer Shmagegi Shmendric Oh God And of course, yo backward Oh Yeah, see everybody's stealing From us to Catholic still a little beanies The sparcer stole Oy and they put a backwards Oh, yo craft, you know He's got a good point though You know, this is one way that dark folks can get back with the homkeys, even though they're Maybe these homkeys aren't such bad people You're stiff and nevertheless it's a symbolic stiff Here's four mires, hello And a very good day to you I'll tell you jungle bunnies Another good night Gungle bunnies not bad, yeah Yeah, remember Europeans alone I'd like you to me just that Krulls the hair on the back of my neck I like that Your Europeans and Canadians do get the tip Add it to that bill Right, and you go on to stand one thing What is the difference A Canadian and a canoe Yeah A canoe tips Oh yeah, that's all that's all in you That's all in the Queen's mom Well I don't even, I don't know if she tips or not But what's your shoes for you, Brits? How come you guys are so cheap, got it? No, no, no, no, oh yeah Oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'm a 20 we do to my wife and I do 20 percent Yeah, okay, maybe not you specifically But you have to agree the Brits are off it, right? So the Canadian, you're using the British tourists in Rome for example There's a little split the entree It would be like a, you know, a 10,000 lira entree Which is like $6 in between a two of them, you know And then they leave like a couple thousand lirates Which is like a dollar 20 tip What is that? There's no excuse for that A total one good thing is that being Having lived in this country since 1982 I have got some of the good habits Yeah Which is tipping What are those? Oh tipping, what I just wanted And probably shooting your neighbor's from the cross as you Something, yes, a good idea That'll teach those Brits are thing or tow Okay, have a great day, paley Thanks, paley I'm telling you 20, 2, 2, 2, 5, I'm telling you Just time and it's out right today That walk about soup, it's walking its way And through my intestinal tract Oh god Why did I do that? Why did I do do that? Man Then we got to stop, stop the food Stop the food coming in here Shannon, I appreciate it very much I appreciate the outback people I appreciate the Mayday people as an orthodox I appreciate the outback people as an orthodox I appreciate the outback people as an orthodox I appreciate everybody Stop the food Now, for Robert we got to food No, no, I had the whole cheese off two slices of pizza From Tony's which ain't bad It's not bad, huh? Time to cut the cheese Don't blame me, it was just a treatment Well, what is he's he's nothing None of them is he smell bad But just to look at him That would be a good diet Just keep him around gruesome and he's lost 675 pounds in zikimir and he's still a cow. Although he should have been here when fat boy came in this morning with his buffalo bills out for down with a cap and a thick glass and I mean this is a guy that's been he is not one account that he's ever brought to your ever saw the light of day except one time that poison palis that he had on year for one day but other than that. And he says to me hey pali hey pali ready for that game pan he's got some silly things from WGR and buffaloes playing not going to dolphin but playing the silly person. See I realize he wasn't brought here as a salesperson he was brought here as a court jester fat boy. Court is punching out good it's great. Oh wow. That's not my life. Where you the flow you can do you can really do it. What you can see I'm gonna suck you. What you can see I'm gonna suck you. What you can see I'm gonna suck you. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. What is this that crow danger I've been trying to look at my pot of fire. You're gonna die with terrible jam and fire fire. I'm not gonna die. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. You let go of the fire. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. Everybody's so alert. One, forty five and five sixty WM bluffed us came in breathlessly to pronounce it. It happens remotely. Princess Casino has been canceled anybody care. No. I didn't think so. Let's take a better weather. I'll be on the other side. Or the over is inunders. Anyway moving right along here. Chicken of Song and don't forget boys and girls. Anybody who's against the criminalization of marijuana is a fascist and or communist. Okay. Some kind of asshole. Don't put up with it. Don't accept it. Don't take that brainwashing. You take it yourself. Right you. I have a flop. Some people don't behave differently because this is exactly the samely what a bunch of crap. Get back to Paul. . Oh, I was calling from Coral Gables now. I was wondering why in the fun Quebec, I came down the I.N.A. Five with the rest of the frauds. You're a fraud? No, the fraud, you're just from Quebec, but you're not a fraud, are you? No, well, probably, I speak it. But I was wondering why being, you know, our friends probably would go home, but anyway. Yeah. What would you say to you, little bit of a rushy, little giant guy? Well, whatever. Well, I didn't, I was wondering why in the state, you know, that's because the Canadians are so bad. But anyway, oh, another two, it's bad. And it's very, very sad. Very, very sad. Rocket Richard is ready to die right now. He said, okay, just to pull the plug. in humiliation yet. I was wondering why in this country they couldn't sell again like hockey, played by normal size white people. They have a trouble. They don't like normal size white people in this country. They like big shards who's like Peter Warwell. That's why that's why the attendance is down when he comes back to the lineup then they'll fill up the macarine again. They'd like big, big, threatening evil looking black guys. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. See, I like average medium size like Steve Iserman. There's my kind of guy right there. You Mike Johnson, they police the number 20. There's my kind of guy. You know, medium size very athletic, very talented, very exciting to watch. That's my kind of guy. You know, you think you think that guy you'd feel safe in the shower with. You wouldn't be worried about dropping the soap. That's right. I hope not, but I still think it's so violent, so elegant and so fast again. I'm just surprised it doesn't go over that well. Now they don't understand it. Don't understand it's too fast for them. They like something real slow like football. You know, where they have run one play and then they go back and they hold hands in the bottle and they get down and then they pat each other on the ass. You don't see guys pat each other on the ass and hockey do you sir. No, I stuck a worry about that. That's exactly. But I mean, also, they're Buffalo coaches are driving me crazy the way they're using. Missions including. Yeah, okay. Well, let's recall up on the sports shows and have a great day. Okay. Boy, this guy's worried about skin fluid. I think it's what he's worried about. We don't talk about things like duct fluidity all that we do respect him on. At least you'll be given credit because he's great because he's exciting. He's an exciting little goddamn guy out there and they can't get their hands on him. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm trying to be your eyes and ears on the road. I had a spy report for you. Yes, sir. I'll send in in Batur Drive and 12th Street downtown Miami. Right. So, Brickle the humans are demonstrating again and closing off the street and they're demonstrating about what? What is it this week? I don't know. There must be somebody important in that building they're demonstrating in front of because they were whipped up into a frantic. Oh, maybe a bit of a kiss. They cancel the I love Lucy. We run on 51 lives now. I think that's what they're upset about. Yeah, maybe Ricky Ricardo has made a comeback. Or could be? They were re-routing concrete trucks and everybody really pissed off down there. Unbelievable. Well, maybe maybe they would have let one of those concrete trucks drop some concrete there. Maybe cement their resolve. Un? Unbelievable. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, Emil. I'm stuck. Okay. We are your meeters. Okay. How do you like that? They're starting up again. No. That's so old and tired and why do you think everybody wants to get out of the day County? Okay. To get away from that. To get away from that. That thing. Whatever that thing is. This sick, never-ending thing blocking the roads carrying out. We don't even know what they're carrying on about besides Fred Merton, Ethel, got more airtime against the then dizzy or something like that. I'm Lucy last night and they're pissed off about it. Maybe it was one of those guy named soap operas. What do they call him? You didn't know what that is. One of those, whatever that is. Maybe they had a bad episode last night. I think I'm going to have a bad episode of stuff to do after too much walk about soup. But it was good. It was really good. Thanks, Shannon. But don't do it again. Please.