Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. We're talking Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for data-browser on pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast rule. So, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA, help. Will first put the fucking fan of Jesus? The most explosive fan in the 70s is back here. Here's his back here, why have you been touched? There's certain grave in our company you're wearing. I was made for tears all babies, for me, for me, for me, back. That I can hear you calling my hearing aid is dead. Oh, I want to watch each week, I'll know that they're there to every day. I want to watch each month of that life, but I've been going every day. The hottest fan of the 70s chances is back. Come in, Sue. We're not both over near you. I can hear you now. But hearing aid is unbelievable. Panel 10550, WQAM, happy Thursday, 2F. So Josh Friedland's stinks. So that's news to us. We didn't know that. Like I said, in fact, I had written it down. I was going to talk about that today because yesterday, a kid came to our power 96 was screaming on the intercom that there was some kind of a, what do you think it was? Some kind of a truck out there, who would want the septic truck. Yeah, the septic truck. He thought it was not like, he's on. I'm swooning over here in his palatial news studios upstairs. Come to find out. Josh Friedland was just like a wall to that hallway. Pumping down a hallway. Now, what is it? Is it a glandular thing? Is it a, I don't take a shower this month thing? I mean, you know, what, what could it be? My staples are leaking again. They're just some places I'm sure he can't reach. Well, how come how gold's need don't smell bad? I'll probably rose things them up. Oh, and there's a good lesson for all you fat people out there in this audience. So on your real tub's a large, if you're going to be that fat, have some kind of a partner, okay, who will like a wash and places that know that some kind of a real post partner, who wash and places that you couldn't possibly reach, and nobody also would think about touch and that's right. Poor Rose, man. That's not why she was running that oxygen mask that she came in. At any rate, so we start with the raw animal, or now I'm going to start with this. Well, that. Huh? Hey, listen, we're talking about fat disgusting people. Why can't I talk about somebody beautiful and that probably smells pretty good too? And obviously, this place, this is one not only a fat, but a pretty ugly place too. There are some attractive women here. So in your case, you're in good shape, but other than Zoltin, okay, which we often know is Zoltin is a walking Hungarian god. He is. He's a good looking guy, even though he is kind of a screw up. But at any rate, really, this is a really ugly place. There are a lot of ugly people in this joint. Other stations I've worked at, they were pretty ugly too. So it ugly business man. Maybe that's why we're not on TV. So anyway, I pick up my hero this morning, which usually gives me nothing, but the bookies, whether we're in the hero life, open up to the sports section, and I look on the bottom there, and I'm going to tell you something. I said to myself, Oh my god. Wow. Now, I don't know about you, but when you see a human being, I'm not talking necessarily about somebody who is sexually attractive to do, although that helps a lot. When you see somebody that looks this good, it kind of gives you inspiration to continue like going on with life. You know what? You know what? I'm talking about? I'll get you in a minute, Larry. And here's a story about it says, crunch time, it's all the time. And here's a picture of the chest rippled Brendan Barmer, former Paul Medellheim, swimming in Waterpol, Ostar, who was flown to New York City in the search for America's best abs. On February 3, Barmer did 6,100, the nominal crunches to fit a second, no less. 6,100, do you know how many that is? He's crushing it. It says, the King of Crunch lives in Miami has a stomach of steel, and the rest of me too Betty, there says Susan Delau, whatever her name is. And I sit here and I'm looking at the fact, I'm just going to sit here looking at this picture all day because I say to myself, oh my God. That gives me the inspiration to continue living. Now he lives here in Miami where we're going to find him, well he does go to do cane. He's a 20 year old walk on swimmer at DoCane University in Pittsburgh. That's not that far away. Their planes come back and forth from Pittsburgh all the time. We have to find what does that Brendan Barmer soon? Real soon. I just thought I mentioned that, okay? And even you guys out there, all you real macho straight guys, you look at that even if I get into George and George went, Oh my God. Yeah, he said, I wish I looked like that. So anyway, just thought I mentioned that, something a little bit uplifting, something that lifts your spirits up, because we do like looking and looking people. I mean, sometimes their assholes and sometimes they get off with various serious crimes that I was reading a story about that the other day, but if they look good, we can't be like them a lot better. I believe people like most of us, you know, take them or leave them. Now before get to Larry King stuff, this memo, I don't know how to approach this, you know? Roy, we've intercepted a QA and memo, and of course this is the QAM F in way. I'll guarantee that what this memo is all about. Now I want you to understand upfront we like. Roy, who's not a bad guy? Okay, so good guy. Roy falls to the former dolphin, hot shot superstar. Good player, good guy. Kind of like Losey's around here, like, yeah. Losey's around. Well, he's like Mark Mosley, he Mosley's around. But anywhere there's a disgusting seat. One of the things about to place here with the untouchables that I've been talking about, is a little core of Greg Reeves personal friend, not only are they untouchable, but they like slathering that in everybody's face. They love rubbing your face in it as often as they can. Which is their way of saying, I'm untouchable. I'll do whatever I want, and, you know, you'll probably get pissed off about it, but too bad. Okay, so like a kindergarten. Naa, naa, naa, naa, like that. You know what I mean? Bro, I'm sure he does. So here is a memo that was released to the entire staff. By Luan Winick, screw in our sales manager, one of our many sales managers. Of course, I don't see any of our sales managers including Roy Perry, Ray Perry, whatever his name is. See, I haven't seen him in a row. Ray, well, it's close. I haven't seen him in so long that it's easy for get his name. Well, he's going to be down here every Tuesday. We're going to have those meetings. Vapa, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, y'know. Another bringing to you, which doctors in the highly apart that I wanted to, you know, do you want to do these spots? Highly up? No, no thanks. But at any way, getting back to Roy. So screw in puts out this memo, which is a way again of smear it. I mean, people already know this, I guess, from what you told me this morning. This is already kind of known around the building. But the food, I guess today. But I know that, but I'm just saying, but to put this in print is like to all of the other sales holes, which they're always screwed over our sales people. I mean, we got some sales people are pretty nice people. And then we got the others. But I mean, I always do that. Always screw in them over as much as possible. Hold them back their commissions, playing games with their money. Anything they can to screw over their lives. Because it's the Greg Reid F. and way. I want to read you part of this memo, okay? Because it doesn't say not for broadcast on it. Does it? No, no. This is from screwing our sales manager. It says, as most of you already know, we have restructured. Rhoys. Thoughts is positioned with WQM in order to better utilize his talents. Also, as most of you know, Roy is a former longtime Amy Dolphin and Pro Bull or were they very recognizable name. Rhoys. Responsibilities will now consist of calling new clients interest them in advertising up with WQM in all of our sports properties. Once Rhoys had thought of an appointment with a potential advertiser, and a counter executive will be assigned to work the account along with Rhoys. The account executive will perform the normal responsibilities while responsibilities at that point becomes more of a PR function. I suggest that if you're having a problem getting two to a decision, make sure and think that he might be a sports fan, have Rhoys make the call for you. You should also bring Rhoys to appointments that will help you add sizzle to the meeting. Rhoys. We're available to autograph signing appearances for a fee of and he says he will voice this boss for free. You may also utilize the personal endorsement commercials for a fee of for a month, however, well, the previous endorsement before he finalized to the client. Have any questions please see me, screw and winic. Now, I guess that is a good guy. Of course George's the luck and because George is a little racist, he's my best friend. He's a good guy. Really is. The talk is thinking, we're going to pick up picking on that. I'm picking on screw and not picking on her. I'm just outing her again for slathering this in everybody's post and rubbing the sales people's faces in at one more time. And a big fat pile of not a mean roll. He's a big fat guy, but he's a good guy. But it's just the idea that he's like, why not get a, why not since we don't have any promotional billboards for the people on here. Why not buy a bunch of billboards that say, Rhoys. If the QM face man. And even though he doesn't need to go out and actually sell anybody, he's our face man. And he's an ex-dolphin and he's got a jack strap. He still hangs around somewhere. And basically that's what Rhoys on about here. While the rest of our sales holes across get kicked in the teeth, kicked in the ass, beaten over the, everything else we can do them. Screwed in there while it, you see because Rhoys is real tight with one of the untouchables. And when you're tight with the untouchables, then you're also kind of like a semi untouchable yourself. Maybe kind of like, rub's on, squirt's court. Lightly, lightly touchable, lightly untouchable. Although we just smell a lot better than Josh Friedman. So I just thought I'd mention that because that was laying around, you know, these memos get distributed all over the building. And I thought it was kind of interesting because it's the QM Fing way. Just keep insulting everybody as much as evenly possible. And the little core of a kitty core up there, rings personal friend, keep just the manipulating and writing these memos and insulting everybody. And then you know, slathering it in their post. Keep rubbing your throat, grinding it in there. I'm out of your portion. Congratulations. Get a life. You love them. It's crazy right here. You cherished in this raise your un... Frasier. Now, 17-time Emmy-winning and 38-time Betty Ford-residing Kelsey Grammar is delving into uncharted territory who tells the Grammar things very white. If you don't mind my saying so, I feel that you're loved. Parachieve that which I can get enough of. Or it's worth not to continue by far. With the transition that's worth. Oh, you're no. I cannot get no. Not since William Chandler's Lucien of Skyward Diamond and Pat Boone's 2D-rooty as they've been such a torrent just the position of an Anglo-oriented song stylist interpreting otherwise enjoyable soulful melodic renderings. Pardon me, man, but when would be a convenient time for you and I to get it on? Oh, yeah. My moujo is working. These I think it is. Plus, if you act now, we'll throw in at some additional charge. Our pre-bones track of Mr. Grammar's stirring rendition of Ice Caves. Could you happen to be thrilled to the knowledge of who that African-American tech divies for whom many of the young babies have ever stealing? Oh, yeah. You're done. So, get Kelsey Grammar's things very white. He makes very white, very white. Oh, I really got my little work and mouth. Watch me work. Okay, 10 to 15 at 5.60WQAM. Anybody by the way in the morning before we get to Larry King? Thanks, Hank. Let me a great piece. Thank you, Hank. A great piece from yesterday's New York Post, which goes to show that Neil Rogers isn't the only person in America who's willing to tell the truth about Larry King and what a professional ass sucker he is, which he is about the Linger trip piece. See, I asked about that yesterday because that was at the hockey game the night before. So, I asked about that yesterday because that was at the hockey game the night before. So, I asked about that yesterday because that was at the hockey game the night before. So, I didn't have a chance to watch it and see you watch him liquor but, and I had what? Two calls we had about that and that was it. As usual, the audience comes up dry. But, low and behold, Michelle Greppy, who's the TV critic at the New York Post right-day spectacular column about it in yesterday's paper. What's I get to in the second? But first, something that's really outrageous. Yeah, Calvin Klein gets nailed again. And this proves what I keep telling you folks that this country is so in the Stone Age. That's why we just went through a 13-month of penis-gayed here where about blow jobs in a White House. That's why because they just can't deal with reality. They're certainly can't deal with sex or with the human body. What's the latest big to do with Calvin Klein? Well, of course, you remember the thing a couple of years ago with the teenagers. And there was not a goddamn thing wrong with any of those billboards, any of those ads. There was nothing wrong. There was nobody naked. They were scantily clad and you know something teenagers. In fact, young people have been used as models for years. But the latest Calvin Klein, of course, we know that it was outrageous. And so I was saying that, but I don't think he'd be. I had the guts to say it again. Since he was dealing with Monica who was like at the time, 2021 or 22, so just barely out of her teens. So the fact that he was going on and on, it was wrong. It was outrageous. That was that, which I still can't find a cart, by the way. You know, maybe I'll skip rid of that cart probably. Not this one, but the other one, that Jack asked over to the patient. But at any rate. So the new campaign, which I'm sure most of you seen this news story, if you actually watched the news, it's got a bunch of little kids. I mean, a little infants, like how old would you say those kids are? Three, four, five years old? Less, three and four years old. In underwear. And they're like in a variety of different poses and they're high-fiving on a coax amount. And they're at modeling Calvin Klein underwear. But the ad campaign is going to be already withdrawn before really starts. Because there's already been so much hysteria because it's so outrageous. Now I could be wrong by, I've read about the fact that back in the 30s and 40s. And maybe even in, I guess in the early 50s. But people, guys in particular, used to look in the series robot catalog, where there were pictures of scantily clad young ladies, modeling, whatever they were modeling, you know, swimsuits, et cetera. And that was like, you know, nobody else had access to pornography, or at least if they did it was under the bed, way, way under there. So next to what they kept the series robot catalog. But the idea of using little kids as model, for example, how many, isn't it the huggies spot where you got the little babies with a bare bottom on there? There are so many TV ads that it got little babies naked, start naked with their little butt saying that. And it seems to me, maybe I'm wrong. All of these critics that are carrying on about this, you know, the more they protest, the more I wonder about them, because maybe I'm wrong, but you have to be, it seems in my mind, a really, really sick extreme pedophile defined three and four year old kids sexual. I mean, you have to be really sick and twisted to what be into that. But all my god Calvin Klein has said, again, that pervert, that's begging here, and it is absolutely, and we got to cut it out. And keep in mind, you go to Europe and anywhere in Spain and Italy and France and Holland, anywhere Scandinavia, there are shows on TV and ads on TV with bare breasts, how do you like that? Oh my god, with naked people on commercial TV. But I was in Madrid that time a couple of years ago, I come back to the hotel at night, it's about 10, 30, 11 o'clock in night. I turn on the TV on the cable, not on a, not on a, one of those satellite channels, like we have actually read it on the big dish. But just on like on a regular local channel that's coming in on the hotel cable, here's a, here's a portal movie, 10, 30 at night. On an over the year channel, are they running around, raping each other in the streets over there? No, I mean, they, in fact, they're more well adjusted about sex by light years than they are in this country. I think, yes, because they're like so uptight about like a little nudity, little kids in underwear, little kids in underwear. Let me say it again, where in the series, Robock and a JC Penny catalog, 60 years ago, did the world come to an end? No. Are people running around raping little kids because they saw Calvant Klein billboard? No. Grow up America, man, that's what we ought to have. That should be the campaign. That's what we should have, all the billboards that they were going to have with those Kevin Kleines, what they should do instead is just have a big end campaign. Grow up America, come out of the 20th century before the calendar changes. How are we going to go into the 21st century when we aren't even close to the 20th yet in this country, huh? How are we going to do that? It's outrageous. That's what it is. So anyway, getting back to this unbelievable speaking of suck jobs. I've been doing this a long time. Michelle, grippy, the TV critic for the New York Post rights, and yesterday's paper with a picture in a picture of a king and next to it, says king, pathetic. Pathetic. And I'm going, oh, right. Yeah. And here's a picture of that cowland trip. It's just king didn't bother to introduce him and driven at the end try to shake hands without touching her. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, god. I know how to do a talk show. Yeah, we know. It says it's time for Larry King to hang up the suspenders. If there were any doubt he had outlived his arguable usefulness and limited entertainment value, it would dispel the ring his pathetic encounter with Linda Trip money, not on CNN. It was worse than amateur hour, even from man who publicly prides himself on not prepping for guests who wasted an hour of Madonna on groupy questions, and who couldn't tell apart the members of the grudgingly assembled cast their friends. One day it appeared King hadn't even been willing to spend the half hour would have taken the study to two trip interviews the rest of us had watched and read Friday so he wouldn't duplicate them. He couldn't even be bothered to introduce Trip. If we had to tell you who she is he said at the opening of Larry King live, you have serious problems on planet earth. Unbelievable. He's so horny. Yeah. King had nothing but problems from the beginning when he kept aborting his own plan to go a little chronological to the very end when Trip tried to say Clint this look of morning and King tried to shake Trip's hand without touching her. Even with per miraculous makeover, she was Larry's coyote date. The man who was talked himself into the cushiest five-in-dollar year job in this hemisphere of not the world who was faint interest in every fruit cake, slime ball, hot airhead, and fame-free working in the media circuits was trying to appear in public with Trip without appearing to be with her. He didn't handle her with his trademark kid gloves. He didn't handle her at all. Absent where the usual make the guests squirm video clips including John Goodman's devastatingly tacky, ticky portrait of Trip on last Saturday night live. And then they'll do it that. King didn't pull it out in consistencies. Contradictions are nonsense. He had erupted it the wrong times to make the wrong points. Well, she assorts of leaks that she had made that had made the Vince Foster so despoted about life in Washington or the conspiracy mongering about his death, which he still Monday after endless investigations dispute her refused to concede a suicide. Trip said it's possible that I may down the road walk in front of a Mac truck and have an unfortunate accident. But she's normal not paranoid. King didn't ask how she defined either word. Once it was clear that King was only phoning in his performance, the hour could have been salvaged by opening the phone plug gates and letting the public ask the questions that had nursed for a year, but King managed to work in only three calls. One of them was from a trip friendly view or did even pause to acknowledge King, caller, pilot, the King, I call her considering King. Oh, I'm Larry. That's Linda. Go ahead. How do you like that? That is great radio. Yeah. So, cool to host to a Michelle Grippy. Thanks again to Hank for dropping this off from yesterday's New York Post. That somebody else in America has got the gals and the balls to tell it like it is about this ass sucker. Jerry Falwell, Linda Tripp, Reverend Schur, Jim Baker, Tammy Faitz, you name it, every scumbag, every point, Benny Han, Benny Han, whatever that was name is. That's phony, fainting, and Benny Han, that's slime ball, that scumbag that squeezes every dollar a hit with his fake faith he links. I got friend, Benny Han, I got friend Joseph Stalin, I got friend in off Hitler. I don't think Roger, if he's making Tim, and you're, I don't care, it doesn't affect anyone with the other. You know, how does it affect me? Well, me first is that. What's up, fact is that here is again another one, another one of those mind-forced guys. You know, this is what it's all about. It's a state of mind thing, just like the forge and some of those other joints. Oh, that's right, King, the world's greatest interviewer. Yeah, right. The world's greatest ass sucker. And that's why those people come back on her. Anytime, snap his fingers, they'll come on here because they know that all he does is toss marshmallows and suckas for one solid hour every night on CNN, not just in America, but that scene all over the world. Anywhere you go in the world, you wake up at 3 in a morning, okay, you got in some, yeah, you click on your TV, there's a, let me just do that. During in the post, with this tongue out on somebody's spectrum, whichever one it is, whichever breakfast in Sticken, front of his post, he's got his tongue out of the media. And his lips and he's looking and sucking and going on like crazy. Like I said before, it's got nothing to do with talent, it's got nothing to do with content, it has to do with flash and bull crap. That's what it's all about. Just like Oprah, here's a old and aging, white, suspended, skinny, Jewish Oprah, that's the Rikin. Nothing, there is nothing there, there is no content, there's nothing, just like her. And yet there are millions of simple ten people all over the world that just hang on each and every one of their both of their words. Why do we have an idea? Any idea? No. So again, Michelle God bless you, sweetheart, that's for you at the New York Post. Does anybody in this town, is anybody right about that in this town? We even haven't like a regular TV column in this town? No. No. Of course not. How come we can see that? That's another example, the difference between a real new newspaper, which maybe I'm not that crazy about their politics, but never less. A real new newspaper that's got somebody with real opinions in their rights columns that are interesting as opposed to the swelry we down here. Swel garbage. Dudu, kaka. We got people like Barry Jackass and Danla Bastard and all these would be make by Tom Fever who thinks he's a comedian running around in jail or raincoat. Wonder where to hell, Gary Hart disappeared to. Voice league, baby, and that's a compliment. Longing $60. Don't you question? I will I give it to you. Say boy, I don't see your license there. What's the problem of the officer? Don't know fast, weren't you? Same. What's in the back seat? Nothing. Krakrak. Sitting in his back seat. I said, Krakrak. You can tell on the street, you can't smoke it. And your catcher, good fun. Just don't get full over five. The bus kick-up. Singing with a big band. He's a kick-up. His nice dick in his hand. He got busted. With three pounds of dope. So bent over and picked up the soap. The party's over now. J-A-L-U-G-O-L. You got busted in a j-A-L-L. What was your first break? I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job. A small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida. I did everything. I was an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I didn't know what to do. I was a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida. I did everything. I was an idea. I'm an idea. I'm an idea. I did the board. I did job. I did sports. I did news. I did everything. Cleaned up. I did everything. I did everything. Okay. 1031-550 WDQM. I'm telling you. I'm so delighted that this hank left me this column. I just made my whole day. Made my week made my month made my year. Nice going. Larry's an ass-locker, baby. Not that people don't know it. But it's just that nobody else wants to say it. Why? I have the idea. Maybe he's got a drawer full and they could picture like Scrainders upstairs. Mayor, of course, Mayor Pena's. He's in the big stuff. There's the same mayor that sold out the port of Miami to Mickey Eris and for his own fun and profit. And lined the voters and held that sham election about the American Airlines arena. And they were there to one way backwards. Like they always do in the day county. Just like they did with the metro fail. So they could put it over on the public. And so the public in the table. The taxpayers will be left with the cost of operating their place for centuries to come. Did a real fast turnaround on that didn't you Mayor Pena's phony? But he's there yesterday on the news. Did you happen to see by the way six or five channels for news? One of the most embarrassing things. Poor Ken Rosato who's a real jackass by the way, and idiot. He's on there and his mic isn't working and then we go back to, you know, it's another one of these deals where they got a press conference coming, but we're trying to stall for time. And then the poor can he's talking and the lips are moving. He's like doing a Paul Winshal routine. The lips are moving, but there's no sound. It was lovely. And there's Mayor Pena standing there with Miritz, a steerheim, another anxious piece of third standing there. These are, you know, Miritz steerheim. One of the guys that helped to turn this town into what it is today, by the way, then came back at the audacity to come back here, and is held by everybody is the savior of this bankrupt town. The mysterious prehistoric circle carved into limestone on the banks of Mommy River is going to be saved, baby. They're holding meetings today and more press conferences. And they're going to, of course, the county is going to have to pay millions to this developer who already paid eight million for the land. And it was going to build this gigantic condo thing. But now he's, his lawyer says, okay, I mean, we're disappointed, but we realize that what they're really saying is that we're going to probably get a hell of a lot more for the, you know, for the property than we paid for from the county and because the court is going to decide. Not that the date commission is going to arbitrarily decide, but the court's will decide and so he says, okay, whatever you say. Although the story has it wrong. By the way, is it, is it to Kesta or to Kesta? I've heard it both ways. Well, I never heard of a town called to Kesta in Florida. To spend as much of a day. I've heard of a day. What? Alex, usually to Kesta, but hey, let's just say to Questa. Since we're used to it this way. What? I mean, you got to turkey and monop but then you also go, well, I could have went, okay, we know what kind of run those kind of linguistics. So anyway, this is a big silence and ants do what? Yeah, be very honest with you. I don't want to seem like one of those people that doesn't care about history and doesn't care about preservation or vari ecology and r, whatever. Which, quite frankly, that's a very little do it. little to do with. I mean, there's some bodies buried in there, I guess. Some old Indians. But does the 99 and 910s are the people in this town really care about this piece of life is rock? No, no. But it's a big major one. We had one call on it yesterday and it was like a day after I tried to talk about. We had nobody cares about it. Nobody could give a flying crap about this. Because there's a couple of old false teeth in there and maybe some sharks teeth and maybe some bodies buried underneath. Boy, I bet you there's some real great remains lying underneath to those bodies, huh? I was going to say skin and bones, but no skin. You can bet your life on that. So that's the big deal. Now they have big grand standing nice go on there penis. You're really doing it baby. Have yourself agreed with Mickey Eros and another phone another faker, multi-billionaire that they bend over back with. Oh, sure. You know, he got elected based on saying one thing and then he pulled the Wayne Hype Pingo turn around into something else. By the way, how about that game last night, huh? Woo! Another by the way, for the ten Panther fans out there, another one of those games where Sean Burke doesn't play out of his mind, especially in that first period, they're not even ever in the game, much less having a chance to their late in the game to actually tie it up, which is a miracle. As Dallas beats the Panthers two to one in the game that really shouldn't have been anywhere near their close. Could the Panthers miss the play and I guess? Wow, were they bad? But again, Sean Burke will get so no credit from these people because they know nothing about hockey, nothing about gold and league, who is unbelievable. Captain in the game, which he does time after time and games where they get out played badly, keeps them in the game, which they lost anywhere, but at least made it interesting to the end, even though it was a real comb of game, a colato's performance. And then my good friend, Rimmer gets on there, he and Denise are on their singing appraisers of Peter Warrell and what a great player he's going to be and how much can hit cocklobs and any odd yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy. Oh, yeah. Do I believe that? No, but they know, it's sounds good. It's a great substitute for having Pavell burry out there on the ice against. Tell this what a great superstar in a great second line. I left the ringer. Peter Warrell's going to be. Do you believe it? No. Then there's a great letter to the editor, which I'll read a little bit later from Bill Colon. Not the like a colon problem. Bill Colon and Sutterais in the Sun Sentinel. You know, I read the letters to the editor because usually it's a good for a laugh, but once in a while, there's a real good one. And I'm surprised to actually publish this newspaper perpetuates lie that the county doesn't want gambling, which I'll read a little while. Excellent. Nice going there, Billy up there and Sutterais. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. You know, it was interesting. I was listening to a limbo. I tried listening to him for a few minutes until he could speak out. He was even critical of living in a dead interview. I thought that. He was upset that the lack of follow-up questions. He made a sense statement that that the Clinton's fooling around in the White House as we talk. So, uh, what, like she has the first 10 dollars of that. She's got a pipeline of what's going on in there. Well, Larry didn't say anything. She just said the hook. Okay. Thank you. Now, okay, because he doesn't ask follow-up questions. He just tosses marshmallows. Right. His purpose there is to sit there and suck ass and make whoever is sitting in the other chair or chairs look as good as possible and to make them as comfortable so they'll come back again. And he can keep running around dropping all these big names. I don't know how it's possible. Good. I think she wants. Huh? Because he does well. Nation. Does well because again, it's an image thing. I mean, it's another state of mind thing. Larry King, they've built him up as this great interviewer and all he is, the professional asker and have a great thing get a new phone. Sir. I think that was the government on there. Maybe that was Ted Turner messed with this poor guy's phone. 560, 750, 550, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Anybody calling yet? Who I went to Palmetto seeing your hide a child with what's his name? Brendan Braimer. Anybody calling yet? I've actually Jeff Cohen probably did. He said he's shard with Jose Conceco and with what's his name Rocky Itch of Arabia. In fact, the way Jeff Cohen's been behaving lately. I would be surprised to be showers with everybody in San Florida by the end of this year by the end of the millennium. We're just offering you have heard my life in the WD. But if my late is in gentleman, then this is Wolfe the Quantitice. This year, as Wolfe the New Walk School, Henry and the Reckless Center will be giving commencement address. Here now are some things that you will never hear. Let's pick Kisses and say. You call this crack. How much what the hair is boy? That is too much for the audio tickets. Do you have the video? Heart journey of the amshoot. Yes, baby. I am hung like Florida. Does my ass look fat in distress? Who's your daddy? I am hungry. Anybody feel like chinks? She went down on me like she was drowning and my balls contained oxygen. Okay, 1044 at 560 WQM. We got, it's gonna be this way all week by the way. I just thought I would mention that you were just really keeping mind. Two open lines a day to a Howard 560, 560, pump over one line. Well, gee, if you were talking about stuff, we care about like David Wells and Roger Clevver. Yeah, right at the beginning of this morning, come on here at 10 o'clock. George gets a call right off the bat. We should have known when it rings. You know, we're not even saying anything yet from another sports nerd. Was it some young punk or was it like somebody who's supposed to be in the belt? Some like in between, somebody of underterm in origin and is just shaken because of the fact, I guess he doesn't have a watch. Maybe he can't afford to spend all his money and I was a ticket for ball games. Oh, Neil's on now. Oh, gee, I wanted to get on there and talk about this redayman Wilson. I'm so upset. I'm like Kishki's art twisting. It's a very, very sad thing. It really is so, very sad. Here's a mobile at West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, New York, how's it going? Hey, sir. You know, I got to say we deaccepcionate you and hang your station is crap. Really? Yeah. Really? How about manage? Oh, yeah, I can't. I can't listen because you don't like man. You guys, when he's on, if I'm listening and he's on all of it. You know, but you know, the exception, I mean, you know, like I used to work Sunday nights and I'd listen to you guys sometimes, like if there was a dolphin game or something on that Wilson. Yeah, it's not a little bit. Yeah. Or, you know, if I didn't get to power 96, which was clear, but the thing is, you know, you guys go, you got guys in there who go ahead and say, oh, you know, one, you guys go to the dolphin game, you got to go to the dolphin game, you know, well, why are we talking about that? Well, I'm just saying I'm what I'm saying is, you know, you got guys saying I go, I'll go up to the game. You know, but here, you know, they get to take it's free and a lot of people have something to do when some of them don't. Yeah. What is that, but what does that mean? I don't know. Your station, you just got idiots working there. Why, oh, that. I mean, that's a book. He's an idiot. Well, I, that's your opinion. He's a fat guy. I'll say that, but why are you calling me and telling me that? Because I'm not going to call him and tell him. No, because because you, you know, you, you agree with all the stuff. You, you, you, you, you don't want to agree with that. I think Boogus, and if you, I'm not an assucker. Okay, so that's what you're looking for. You're calling me because you think I'm going to agree with you. Like most callers to talk shows, you want somebody's going to kiss your ass and agree with everything you say. I don't think Boogus, what did he call him? Fath. Yeah, he's fat. That's as much as I'll agree. I was the one to call him that. Not a jackass. Okay, one call after the board, then we wrap it up. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, uh, on that circle out there, why don't we don't we just take a bunch of pictures of it. Make some plaster cast and recreate it someplace because that will not make a grandstand deal for Mayor penis. Don't you understand? He and mirrored steer high. I'm in a commissioner. This is a big grandstand thing now. They're really doing something wonderful for the county and for the area. It's preserving this, uh, and preserving this crap out there, preserving some rocks with some teeth in it and some, whatever they could dig up. What are they? They could dig it up and then let the guy build his condo. Yeah, what they're going to do is jerk around these developers and next time they find something they'll just bulldoze it over or dynamite it and blow it up like they're doing something. They're going to jerk him around. The court is going to award him millions of dollars in the county. They're you folks who live in date, whoever does, the taxpayers don't have to pay for it. And then they'll have these, these teeth and, uh, whatever they got there to, uh, just say, hey, look what we got. Right. Well, the one more thing, did you see where this judge in our can saw is trying to find Clinton and contempt? Yes. And what I thought it was all over, it's never going to be over. They will never, ever let go. In fact, Monica's book is coming out the fifth of March in just a few days. And once that hits the stands, then they will really hit the fan because then they'll be able to re-ke- they don't, it's like, oh, Jay, don't you remember after the O.J. verdict was already in, they have to dissect it and they have to go back and, uh, replace and slow-mo and freeze frame and, uh, you know, get the dress back out again to see if it's been cleaned yet. Worked court. And as long as they got nothing else exciting going on, believe me, there's not. They'll keep milking this until the other runs dry. Well, as soon as she finds them in contempt, I mean, the next time to find them in contempt. In fact, she said, they may have the kicker off the case altogether. They should go because she had private conversation with Asah Hutchinson, the Arkansas, and she may have to re-excuse from the case and put another believe me. This thing is going to drag on for an eternity because they just don't want to let it go. Well, in addition, which keep in mind, that case has been settled. It's, uh, it's true. First, she threw it out, then it was settled. It's an on existence case anyway. So what happens does it make? But he's still lied, court, which he already said wasn't material testimony anyhow. She's the one that said that. Right. But they just can't let it go. Don't you understand? They can't let go. God bless, can't stop. God bless America. Okay. When you get somebody by their territory, you keep, uh, you know, twisted and twisted and as long as you can keep even one finger on it, you keep yanking it around as long as you can to the wiggle free. We have an open line in Broward, all three and date, five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60, animal, one line. Anybody see those Kevin, client ads with little kids? No, anybody all been on the shape about them? No. See, why can't you people talk about these things? Why don't you deal with it? Why don't you understand what kind of society you live in? Why don't you realize that, uh, this isn't a free country at all. This is a footage. This is even in the Victorian screen Victoria herself would be embarrassed and humiliated by this. You know, it's shocking. It really is. They got, I never heard anybody call up and say, oh, gee, they got a little naked babies caught around on that huggy set on TV with a bear ass. Well, frankly, I can't, I don't know of anybody who thinks a baby's bear ass is sexual in any way or disgusting, or outrageous. But, evidently, there's enough of these self-abunded moralists in this country that if gave her that perfect Kevin, client every time wants to do what ad campaign, oh no, we can't do that. That's disgusting. See, it wasn't, it's not disgusting for people like the Ramsey's to use their kids as, you know, in the beauty page and said, okay, like John, but how she doing, anybody heard her? No, she not doing the good do this. That's not disgusting to dull them up and having to do the bump in a grind and a little routine she was doing. That's okay. Here's David, hello. Yeah, yes, sir. First time long time. Yes. Manage, God. Jim, man, it's just great. I mean, you know, that guy before that was that, but sucker, they wanted me to agree with everything you said. Oh, yeah, was you agree with all of this? No, I don't. I'm no, we're near Dolphin fan, but I listen to him on a radio, just to listen to the man, I mean, he is just the best out there. And, uh, that was the thing I want to touch on very lightly. A few weeks ago, when you first played the Skid about the lotion in the basket, you know, I went to pop and I know that night. Right. And it went to lands. There was a horse called lotion running. I know that horse, right. And I bet on him, and he won that night. Oh, this was unbelievable. You'll probably. Yeah, I think. Yeah. And I caught you last, I caught the last year saying something about red boat hives coming down here. Right. Senator Nafibre, 27. They got a big $150,000 race. Oh, definitely be there. Right. And one other thing, uh, the president, the impeachment from the beginning, I thought I was just a bunch of carcass. And I can't believe how much money was spent on that. I just unbelievable. Well, I believe it, but at least we're saving a circle now, man. That's that's a good news. That's only going to call the taxpayers a few million for that right here in the county. And about a year and a half ago, I heard you had some nice land to get the input of your house. Yeah. Would you're interested in any nice lighting for the land shaping? No, thank you. Okay. We have an open line of day one and bar. Thanks anyway. Open line in each 567560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a call from New York. Okay, sir. I worked in Maplewood. You scan the other night up here. They played the doubles. Right. I think they got the most awesome uniforms and that is the most awesome hockey team. It's been incredible those guys. And it was not the most awesome, but they're a very good this year. How about that win over Buffalo at overtime last night? All right. Three to two, yes. Anyway, that they got an amazing speaking of awesome. Speaking of your devils by the way last night, there are only two points behind the flyers, but lead in the Eastern Conference or have a sensational year. They got a real good, a real exciting team, not a coma team, like they used to have. I look at the thing this morning, where the hell is it? Let me give you the attendance last night. If they walloped, I realized they were only playing Tampa, which is a crafting. They had like 10,000 people announced to some grotesque number like that. It's in your somewhere. What kind of I worked out? 12,232. 7,000 less than capacity. If they announced 12,000, that's tickets sold. Maybe actually 8 or 9,000 people actually showed up there. That's right. That is the most working in the franchise as far as their fans are concerned ever seen in my life. You should see the island this year in Applicia. Exactly. There's always even ghost to see the island. Maybe they beat the penguins to you one last night in front of about 50 people. I saw some of that. Yeah, the penguins in the penguins a week. No, that's the pal. Okay. Have a great day, Chef penguins are weak. Oh, we got a guy calling all the way from near. Can he don't know what I thought about hockey. The penguins are the only one 10 in the row until last night they're pretty weak. Too bad he'd all lived down here. He could be called the sports show as regular. Two open lines in day two and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. Is everybody out of town this week? Is that it? Uh-huh. They're holding this this week. They all bailed out on us. No matter what it is, they got nothing as zero. Zippity Duda. Here's a mobile and bointen beats, which these are usually short hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Let's go. I want to ask you something or give you a comment on Sean Burr come to you know, big hockey fan. But to me, it was playing great in the net first goal last night. To me, you have like three pants or the sentiment behind them. They swim in their shock twice at the Sean Burr can get it. Yeah. He was another one. So in other words, you're knocking Sean Burr. Now, is that what you're saying? No, no, Sean Burr was great. I couldn't believe the guy who let him in the score. Well, that's the deal that you can't complain about their defense because they don't have any. Okay. What if you're going to bring up this kid right chuck again who again last night was just grow test and horrendous mistake after mistake. You know, they think that's a real problem. There. Exactly. Well, I wanted to say one thing though. I, I, I, managed his god. And then I think I, I, my toes would be tickled all times. You played men. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I want to say one thing. Okay. Yeah. How right. Okay. She managed. She's got a, he's got his own fan club out there. He's got legions and legions. And when I started knocking man, it's not new that he was a real asshole. I went earlier. Oh, don't you think booge is a jerk? No. Well, I bet you're supposed to agree with me because I'm called a, I just got you talking about Larry King being a sucker. Okay. That's one thing I don't do here. I mean, there might be some exceptions, but nevertheless, huh? Well, I mean, there might be a, you know, I'm looking at this picture again. I might like get close. We have an open line in date. 560, 70560 and Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You know, God works in the serious way. That's why God made some people look like Josh Freeman and some people look like Brad Brendan, Abraham or Barbara, whatever his name is because God works in the serious ways. So I guess the motto is, you know, the deal is if you might have been born look like Josh Freeman, you're on your own a lot. Well, I'll see nobody wants to get in here. I'm not just keenly looks bad, but because here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You are God. Yes. I just want to say a couple of things. First of all, Sean Brook is playing out his mind. Ladies or people don't, you know, a lot of people don't know what the other target about. Number two, I hope that the new from the motion of the basket. I heard it because I would have had three during the winter when it was a little work. And I heard it on the Jake's a break. I heard it on there. You heard it. You heard it. Why? You heard it. No, you have no, nothing. No, but the other no. No. Yeah. I heard it. And I was, you know, I couldn't stop laughing. What family is he playing that for that? That's that case. I don't know. There was three somebody asked him if there any listeners to wish you all any said no. No. What's that girl? What thing? New Rodgers. Yes, Maddie. Go on. Okay. That's right. L.D. Osmoticone. Now you're getting close, pal. Not too close. Those end of picture first. 1056 on another coma day. Hey, listen, I'm feeling better. I'm slowly but surely it's only been two months getting over this thing. This similarity, this rash and the all the stuff going along with it. Just stick with your doctor, man. Just to believe in him. And maybe he'll bring you some flowers when I stick in at box. The field Rodgers show on 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale. Many of us may not be getting enough. The bad dog is out of control. And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blockbuster Entertainment, he advantage things do it. Well, I'll ride. I'll ride in the ground in the sea. Well, just I'll ride. Here's the bad dog. He advantage. See, he's elastic raw. Oh, I'm proud. Oh, I'm proud. Oh, I'm proud. Oh, I'm proud. Oh, I'm proud. Oh, I'm proud. någonting. Yeah, right. Oh yeah, Jim said he felt a little bit cool. I like it either. You guys'll order hot but now he I like it. I like it. The Mad Dog just hit his window with that cottage cheese bun. If he wants me to sing, got less America and face these in the cheese string up here. I'll do it. You got to throw! There you go! There's no red! No red! We can give a bad dog. Sing a Phil Pappy! Oh, Trash! Oh Trash! Oh Trash! Oh Trash! Oh Trash! Oh, it's a bad thing! It's doing! It's available now at all blockbuster stores. It's 102 at 5.60. WQM Hankled here from 2 to 6. 6 o'clock. We got the bookstore. And in 7 o'clock, we got the pregame. Sure, the Panthers at St. Louis. Maybe they'll actually make the plane this time. Maybe they'll show up. Panthers in the Blues in St. Louis tonight. So here's a great thanks from Dan. Who says Neil a few weeks ago, I was flying to tell a hands-y on business. While I was waiting at the gate, Mayor Alex Penis walked in, sits down next to me. As someone who voted for him on the prom, he would not build the mercenary lines. I looked right at him and told him he made me sick because he's so blatantly lied. He tried to talk to me, but I got up and walked away. Unfortunately, he was on the flight with me, but completely avoided me. Also, Dan asked his Larry King, have you done I'm a disease? No! I think it's just a corpse wearing suspenders that they've brought up in the chair. Uh-huh. And then they goes on, this is the best. Dan says, if my wife and I moved to Africa and had children, would they be American Africans? Yeah. How about a black American moving to Italy or Canada? Would his children then be African-American, Italian or African-American Canadian? Yeah. Nice God, Dan. Yeah, Mayor Penis boy, he saved the circle. Okay, sold out to Mickey Erson, but he saved the circle, jerk. In fact, that's what they'll hold commission ought to be probably doing over there on the circle about the noon today. Having a big gigantic circle, jerk. Because that's what they're doing to the public again. It'll be taxpayer money that goes to pay off the developer so that they can save this tremendous, someone over this crap is in the ground. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. You know, this morning I heard the thing about the Calvin Kleinads and I work in the Mad A to see. I've been in that business for like 13, 14 years. Yeah. And I'm so glad that you can experience some of the frustration that I have to go through when I'm working because what causes the stuff are the stupid things that they're starting to do now is call focus groups. Yeah. And what do you do? I guess what the radio TV people do in that for a hundred years and that really kills us. Yeah, it's the worst thing because you'll do this really, really great creative. And everybody loves it. Everybody in the agency that you show it to is dropping over this so great. Oh, it's just going to win every award in the world. Then they ship it off to some rooms across the country with some people that you don't know. And they hire somebody to critique your work. And all those people in the focus group are like from Mars. And those are the people that say stuff like, oh, this is really offensive. All the kids are in underwear is oh my god. And then you can't do it because of the client, which doesn't know anything. Never. Listen to what the focus people say, but then listen to the agencies recommendation that's been doing the advertising for like 20 years. Right. And that's why crap like that happens. Just it's just mind boggling anybody that saw those pictures. I mean, how could anybody except the most perverted? I mean, you know, you could take anything. You'd have like a Montpog kettle on there too. And maybe some of our got it to the old people would find that titillating. You know, Montpog kettle in there underwork. I mean, one more does it stop in this country man. The repression is just unbelievable. You know, and then you've got the fall well. Like I said, the years ago, they had to guide them. My serious robot catalog with the, you know, young people in bathing suits. Nobody passed off from looking at those. Hey, I used to look at that magazine and I did under my bed too. Right. Because, you know, my dad's in my school. Why must be the only one? Because nobody else in the audience knows what I'm talking about. Oh, yeah, with the bra and all that. Right. There you go. Can you play me something? Maybe. Party takes a dump. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Clean your act up. We have an open line in day two of them. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I bet you have a lot of people in the audience use the Yankee to the Sears Robah catalog. And that's that. Isn't that pathetic? I prefer it sports illustrated myself. 5, 6, 7, not the same swimsuit as you as most of you guys. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, I think what's his name was in there, huh? Do I sound like a little obsessed this morning? Well, it's not every day of my life guide. Damn it that I wake up and open up a paper and see that something like this. Good. God. Man. I guarantee that there are like 99% of the guys out there in this audience right now. They see that picture. And Tia, every single one of them say, would you like to look like that? Yes. You'd be busy like every hour that they accept maybe a couple hours for an F in between. Man. But you know, God works in mysterious ways. But can't all look good. Yeah, but why like this, you know, why not a little more like that? Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. And near La La de say something, I just got a notice in my condo. Something that's happening over and back this hospital. And then he's shooting that a dime. But not these cock and ladies on their arms. I just want to let the public know that there's something going on. They're putting what cock and ladies on there. I'm not what does that mean, sir. What is what? What is what? I'm giving you. What is poisoning their children? The cock and ladies got something in it. It's poisoning your children. Okay. Well, watch out for the cock and ladies. Thank you. You see what I mean about this, Kyle? See that? Another dead man. What was the phone? Oh, this is such an old. You can smell. It's not mold and mild. Do it's just the to jam. It's just all that navel. It's just all the. Raccoon overflow. Oh, ancient. You can hear the you can smell. If you crack that out our windows are like sealed her medically in here. Because if you could even crack them open a little bit, you could smell the death. We have an open line in Broward. What are you smoking about it? It's true. You drive through the street to this town. And you can smell. And of course, you're air conditioned when you bring in that outside air. Oh, man. Immediately you start saying that somebody is the smell of lingering death. Like hand bank crafts in that one movie. She said, when we get old, we go to Florida to die. Love hand bank crafts. By the way, what's that new movie she's in? I don't know. Call up what's in there. Jeans of Galapher gets his brain taken out. Why are you airing? She's like this. Hey, let's eat out Italian tonight. No, let's eat Jamaican man. Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican restaurant. Lunch a little gandra with a more Japanese eat. The hungry are you guess? Try to be Italian daily. Beaturing the bacon lettuce and Jamaica sandwich. It's lunch a little gandra. Emma, let me roll you a big canoony. Of the Marli Bama. Cool. My gandra fattoony a big Curtis personally smoke all the meats we serve. Emma, show me the knife. I'm going back to the smoke out. From pin strikes to win strikes. You really love a bunch of the gandra. It doesn't matter, let's on the menu. You'll want it all. A secret blend of fruits and spices. Well, mostly here. Hey, doc, that's it. I'm John. Little Jamaica Moa. Yeah, man. It's 11.13 at 5.16 WDQ. Now what up those little kids in the cabin clients? What if they would all head like a big fat one rolled up in your hand? How would it have been supposed in a way? Well, that would have been okay. Here's a Miami Beach, Ella. Hey. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I am driving on I-95 and you talk about a subliminal message. Another Calvin Klein ad. Three gentlemen in jeans. Yeah. No shirt on. Right. One's bent over. The other guys right behind him and another one's looking right at him. Now, you know, again, what does that tell you? I mean, it kind of sounds. It tells me it's a provocative billboard. It is. No, it is. I mean, it is. I'm not getting on it. I just want to know what you're thinking about that billboard. I mean, that would just be a way of having them found out when they're too busy worrying about that. They got to protect the children. Don't you understand? They got to protect the children from all these epitophiles. Listen, one other thing in the Sun Sentinel today, women block ban on cell of sex toys. Did you see that? No. Women who say they can't enjoy themselves in the bedroom without sex toys like vibrators, as the federal judge on Wednesday to block a new Alabama law banning the cell of such items. I mean, come on, the people actually. Okay. Today's Sun Sentinel page six, eight people actually going to court over this and debate this stuff. You're unbelievable. Welcome to America. See you now. Have a great day. I guess he hasn't cut on yet. That's the American fucking way. That's right. We have an open line in Broward 2 and Day 5, 6705, 6th, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. You know, like I said, the AT&T and all these people are so full of crap. Here's a go. One of the big mistakes I made he said talking to all those boring old people and having those terminal guests on was actually paying attention to the most of the colors. You know, once in a while, like this last guy, he had something to say and was like early rational, but most of the colors are full of crap. They talk nonsense and they certainly don't, they tell you like to guide a one and me to agree with him. They post your for you. Just like the people in the media do, the American public does the same thing. Maybe that's why the media people do it. They say the things in public like this, like over the airwaves, that they think are like palatable and like these are things you can say in public. But like yesterday when I was talking about crappy service and the fact that there are a lot of ethnic minorities who are in jobs that they shouldn't be in, oh, you know, people run away from that. Even though you know overwhelmingly the majority of people agree with that, it's like, well, well, we don't want to say, well, let's you say it. Spionless Jellyfish. 560560, 560, 560 and the AT, whatever it is. Here's a mobile info, Lauderdale. Hello. A team. That's the answer. Just like you. The first time long time. Great. Just a five with the circle. Our ancestors went out of their way to kill every Indian that they can get their hands on and now we're spending millions of dollars for some arrowheads. Right. It doesn't make sense. I don't get it. It's a, uh, uh, the four Indians were probably lost. They want to get back home so they dug a few things in the ground. Maybe we'll find some bar and head pennies in area. And uh, you do not pay for this. And then once they, once they found them with a stars were lined up, they got, they got the hell out of here. Uh-huh. And who, and who the hell can blame them, by the way? I'm telling you. I'm breaking up. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Two open lines a day, two and a broad five six seven, oh five 50, five 60, on the AT and T line. Here's Miami Shores. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is Ray, maybe Shores. I'm looking at the countenance client right now. Yes. And underneath is his controversy. Look at me so controversial about two little kids just something on a sofa, but just hanging out like, rest and like, you know, you remember that when you were a kid? I mean, these are kind of smiles. There's a little kid to underwear. They're not like a bare butt like in a lot of those other spots. Oh, and the kids are there. They're laughing to jump in the ground. Yeah. This is boys underwear. If American thinks this is wrong, you know. It was like that. Let me put you this way. Anybody who believes there's anything sexual about or anything wrong with it. Those people need to get, we need to get the butterfly net round them all up and put them away for Saki after Kelp. Yes, this is right. This is, this is, this is. All right. In fact, that wouldn't be surprised to ticky winky's in the back involved in this thing somehow. Have a great day, pal. Have you seen? Oh, that Kelvin Klein, you know, it's outrageous. It's wrong. And like I said, they all got a panda just like bubble was doing there a couple of years ago in a big cinema scheme with the Skatley-Clad teenagers. I hate to break the news to you, but people like looking at Skatley-Clad young people who look good, okay? They like that. And I know that it comes as a great shock, but people were like, you know, 16, 17 years old, just like Brook Shields with those jeans at you. She was 14 years old when she did that. And she was spanking her butt, you know, to hold you. So big deal. I mean, sure, it did screw up her life a little bit. She was running around with George Michael and Michael Jackson. She had a little bit of a, you know, problem there. Do you think she's a fag heck? That's no, that's our poll question today. Is that an I want to make it easy for you? Can't ask my smart. No, who's the bigger fag head? Liz Taylor or what's your name? Brook Shields. But you tell me that people didn't go, I'll give you an example. The movie, what that was, the movie, the blue lagoon. With Brook Shields and Chris Atkins running around naked as a jay bird in there. And boy, well, you talk about a button mushroom, man. At Chris Atkins. No wonder you always looked so embarrassed when it was on with the bird Griffin. Or maybe because mervers like real friendly, but at any rate. You know, people want to see that adults went to see that not because it was a great movie. Not because it was a great story, not because it was touching, not because it was great acting. Because it was like, you know, good luck in young people naked in there to the whole movie. That didn't mean people were like jumping up out of the audience, climbing out of the screen, trying to like hump the movie screen. But what's the big deal with that? Oh no, people aren't sexual until at least 40, 50 years old. That's what I'm hearing. But the idea of little kids in underwear being sexual, whoever I'm going to say it again, whoever made these protests, those are the pedophiles right there. Okay, right there, those are the sickies because you have to be so goddamn sick. So perverted to look at something as shapeless and sexeless as a little child. And think that there could possibly be anything sexual about that. You need serious hub. You need to be locked away for a very long time along with what's your name there on a guiding light. Well, she's routing up all the kids anyway. Holly, here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yeah, I knew a good morning. Yes sir. When I heard the talking, I didn't, I hadn't seen these Calvin Klein ads. Well, I don't even know anybody else, maybe two or three in a sudden. Every time I talk about stuff, man, it's like I'm talking that stuff from Mars. This audience is so slow. Why are you talking to me? Who is the comment about this? I think it can't be what the news is about this morning except for the fuck cages. I thought you were talking about the guy that did the 61 hundred hit ups and he's in the, it's like either of the. Now that picture is, you know, that will picture, but of course he's talking years old. So he's almost old enough. Yeah, I don't believe. I did talk about him. I talked about him in life. I'm looking at that picture right now. I'm never going to look at this picture. Go. Well, I do him in a heartbeat. I'll bet. Anyway, you know, I'm surprised, I was getting used when I watched the cable, a channel because my cable box, channel 52, which stored a day to travel channel that night is turned into the Porto channel. Yeah. It's right next to channel 53, obviously, which is the all cartoon network. Oh, yeah. And you notice I see there even, they're even seeping across on the cable channels. Okay. I just thought that was amusing. I wouldn't be surprised. The Jackbury was still alive. He'd probably try to bring back Winky Dink. And you know what Jerry would say about that. Anyway. Anyway. You're how many years ago that is Winky Dink and you that was like in the 50s. That's 47 years ago. And these that this little, they, you'd send in for it. They would send to this little, make believe plastic screen to put on a TV screen. And you, of course, Winky Dink and you would jackbrew is a little kid show. But man, a name like that. Here we are almost at the end of this century. And Winky Dink Jerry, follow up. We have a heavy don't count wheels over this. I can't give any validation to him. I mean, it's so litacous. What he says. How can you validate it? Well, when at the telechubby starts, you, he's going to be big. And all right. Yes, that he rotated me now. I write motorcycles and I'm a professional person. And I don't know if you read about the, the outlaw supposedly outlaw party that they had outlaw. So you asked 27, Griffa, or last weekend? No. And the police, you know, with the goods and all that kind of from all the different agencies in the area there. Set up roblox and stop all the motorcycles, the search them for whatever reason. Everything wanted to probably 200 motorcycles. Yeah, I've been looking for Peter Fonda. But they probably found him because they were suddenly searching every office that people have out there. Right. But that's the bike or police now. We got to, we have a group of police for virtually everything else now. We have the, the adult pleasure yourself toys in Alabama police. They're out there stealing all the property. They're out there. Yeah. I got to get to hell out of this country. I'm out of material. Get to the passport office right away. You got to. And squeeze the tight. Okay. We have an open line in day one and Broward five six. Oh, you're so bad. You know, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're. Tell all these things. So they're true. Can anybody refute me about this? Can anybody call on on this show and say, I'm hallucinating? Hi, prevent lady making this stuff up. Can anybody do that? No. First on. And by the way, I'll give you my opinion about Roger Clemens and David Wells. They're both fat. They're both big fat. Tubby guys will eat either team out of house and home. Forget about all the money they're getting paid. Open line and date county five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's West Palm Beach, yellow. Yeah. Don't. Okay. Listen, I'm black. I live here in West Palm Beach. I'm listening for a long time. Yes, sir. I agree with you. A lot of things. But this thing with the circle. I mean, what does a white man got to do with the fact? You know, they're the ones that you'd say the Indians and did everything else. And now they're going to save a circle. And that's my point. It's all, it's all just the grandstand played. I'll just a bunch of PR, bunch of bullcred. I shouldn't use waiting more taxpayer money just to try to grant expense. Oh, we're saving this historical site. You know, my dog, my big dog is a lot of lots of bombs over the years in my backyard. And someday when I come to some of my house, I think I'm going to call the Broward County government say, I want this, I want to be paid a million dollars because I want to preserve this history in my backyard. You know, I always left a lot of bombs back there. Let them go to the Mickey Suki and help them or the seminals or all the other needs are down and out. That's right. Let them take all that money and pick it up. Hollywood, seminal gaming, and Plunge, that brains are at least the taxpayers have a good time with. Another thing I agree with you on is your right. Say, would you have to say about the the incompetent blacks or or SPACs or whoever. Or who are they? I don't care who they are. They're incompetent. They're incompetent. They're incompetent. They are. Right. And you're right about that. You know, nobody's got to go to say that. Well, I do. It's true. I go into a place. I don't expect it to be treated with velvet gloves or it's the Arrogant. I don't even like that stuff. I just want to go in with my money. Be treated like a customer. Get reasonable service and walk out. That's all. That's all. That's very simple. But if you know, the two thirds and and we got to face up there are a lot of people that don't know how to add. Read or write and and and multiply, you know, that's why they got the register like they do. And then they're going to be a lot of people should be ranging stock on the shelves like long as it's something like a nation there, you know. And all the races just say, you know, and these people always try to hide the politically correct. Right. That's right. That's why I'm doing that. Just about this content. That's why I was talking about a minute ago. Nobody in this country except me and maybe two or three other people actually tell them like it really is. And everybody else just posthures and says the things they think are politically correct. I want to want to replace them for me. Yes, okay. Sometimes the. That. That the crack cocaine. Okay, you got it. Can't have a great day. If two open lines and they five six seven oh five sixty. But I mean, I don't understand even on the talk show is the people that want to say, you know, they always feel they got to like, you know, dance around the edges of it. They got to be somebody my recognized their voice. They got the opinion that's unpopular. Why there's so many goddamn cowards out there. That's what bugs me. That's that guy that called this morning. He was perfect. Oh, I know you'll agree with me. No, I don't agree with you. Why does he know all agree with him? Who is full of crap? Pick it on my good fat friend. Who can be? Well, you'll agree. And then of course, pick it on managed. Boy, that was I should have known right off the bat that this guy was a major loser. Anybody that picks on Jim manages pure on adulterated. My book, okay. I know talent when I hear it. Believe you, me, okay. I know talent. And Jim managed of all these ex-Jocs in America. All the ex-Jocs in America on a radio. He is the best. Number one. He's funny. His hysterical he knows his crappy sides. Ain't never stole a free turn. Yeah. I think I might buy this. Be the Pope. Get free power. Okay. I'd be lonely with a champion with my eight-months. But you're a people. And if I have to go get him, I'll just say I need to do this. I need to be with. Back there. Here I be. They'll get you back. Get it. I don't even serve well. They pass around the trouble. Who be fired my game. I'll be going to pack it. You're smoking that gloves. Yeah. I'll go with you back today. I'll be starving my blood. When I go with you back today. And I'll know my guilt. I never knew that today. Without packing my blood. Yeah. To knock. Hold it free. I know that every now and then. I'll sell some crack to go by a dude. Cracksy. You're not a big home. Some was buck-oing the intersection. Working for free food. That's it. You're not a big home. We're laughing, cruising by the purple house with no windows. And being met in number, we should see my favorite red hole. Hold. Hold. Hold. Hold. Yeah. Be cold with your crack city. And I go to sell my crack. I'll be going to crack city. You can count on that. I'll be going to crack city. And last my rap. I'll be going to crack city. For some, I'll be better. Yeah. To knock. For every time. I'll be better. For every time. For the people who get to know me. I know that. You mean you take me to get to know me. You're not a big home. You're not a big home. You're not a big home. Say what? It's 1133 at 5. At 5. At 6. You've got a couple of mountains in the county. If you're interested, we're sure you're not. 5. 5. 5. 6. On the 18. And we had one. Here's Holly Wood. Any of the first time. I was wondering. Why is it that the four to Panthers have to. Always try to entertain us. What are the games. You know what I think this is yours. Yeah. And. Why is that? Why are you calling here? What's the difference? We have an open line in Broward. That's an asshole Mitch. Open line in Broward in two and a day. Why don't you get the message? I hate you like boys. I want to see you with the games. I will not talk to you. I know your voice. You're a jackass. You're trying to be an O-shomper. You're an overgrown child. You're a simple thing. You're a mental midget. See, if you had anything to say like if you didn't work like a normal car that really had anything to say, then maybe somebody might talk to you. Not me, of course. But maybe somebody. I don't mean like on here. I mean just like in life. Maybe somebody would speak to you. Maybe Brian Murray would say, hey, I'm another shummering shummering shummering. Something like that. But obviously they won't because you're like a, a loser. You're a total guarantee. You've got it branded on your forehead. Loser loser. If I didn't even have to listen to the voice. I could smell them over the phone. I know it wasn't Josh Friedman. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT that whiny voice, Mitch. Why any voice? I check in the see what you got done. Okay. I'd look real close if I were you because I think it might be of a giant. Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was at the concert. I'm in that. Uh, greasy as concert. The greasy as, yes. We can re-kiss. No, no, no, no. And we can, you see, see. Yes, right. Oh, it's funny. I speak, I can speak. Um, that lady of the reporters, she's full of me and the, see. Because the concert was great. Uh, he came out, all the little girls were jumping, all the, crying, right. And all the facts were drooling. Right. You was, uh, I wish category, I'm sorry, go ahead. Yeah. So I was there, uh, I thought, I was just a bystander right now. Uh, it was a great concert, small place. The night center. Uh, he jambed it house and, you know, it was great. I don't know what she was talking about. She just pissed off because he won't let her touch that saw. She just went on the ship. You're looking here. Look at skinny as a youth. He's kind of a little poke, you can throw his been working. Put your middle bowl. That's right. Yeah, he's been working. And, uh, he'll hung like a butterfly. So don't get too carried away. Well, you couldn't see that for when I was standing. Yeah. And remember, true, but I don't know more about that. Okay. We have an open line in the day two and a row. It's five, six, seven, five, six, and pound by sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boka. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. How you doing? Well, I was on hold. I overheard George. What's in about, um, about this place? About the place. Yeah. Well, we spent a lot of time doing that because this is such an unprofessional bushly operation. It's Greg and his buddies upstairs. That's what his place is all about. It's right. I'm going to try to do it. I'm going to do it for you. Why are you still here? He was good at walking. I thought he was good at walking. Oh, yeah. Talking about when he's here five and the afternoon. Yeah. I thought he was feeling it. But you're going to want to use this on here Sunday. There you go. Uh, another question I had for you. As far as put the lotion in the basket. Yes. I know he was telling me it comes from silence for the land. Some lost, some lost. What does that come from? Um, is it an exit from the movie or? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. It'd be an exit from the movie where he says it works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Do you think you can play the whole bit? It's rubbed the lotion on it's skin or else it gets the hose again. Okay, pal. You've got it. We have two open lines in day one and a broad word. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm going to, uh, how long is this going to take just a minute or two? Newspaper perpetuates lie that County doesn't want gambling rights bill cold into the sun-centeless morning bill from sunrise. Nice going. Go. Please explain why the media continued to lie about the vote concerning casino gambling here, right? Your paper knows that the citizens of Howard County voted overwhelmingly for casino gambling. The media continued to conceal this truth. The liberal politicians in tele-hassy ignore the millions that gambling ships bring to the economy. I told the, I'm told the politicians in tele-hassy turned down over $300 million a year by the seminal tribes wanted to bring casinos to the reservations. Do they have any idea what that money could do for our economy and our schools? He asks? No. Howard County's being subjected to an injurious position by those who control the legislature. Do you students citizens know that the interest in the Orlando area who control the theme parks have an undue influence over South Florida? Furthermore, the legislature continues to engage in social engineering by attempting to shape the social climate of South Florida by providing casino gambling and Howard County. The ludicrous argument is that casino gambling would increase crimes and nooses, yet the legislators thirst to obtain some of the profits from the gambling ships sailing in Florida. Isn't this perverse he asks? There's was an attempt to have a vote throughout Florida, which would allow the citizens of each county to decide whether or not they wanted to allow casino gambling. And their respective counties, we know that the citizens of Howard were overwhelmingly vote to legalize such practices in Howard County. Yes! The economy of Howard would rise considerably. This doesn't even take into consideration the tens of millions of dollars that would occur with the needs of those casinos. These millions of dollars are lost to Howard County by the citizens going to the Bahamas and other islands where gambling is legal. It is time that the people of Howard be allowed to vote as to whether they want casino to be allowed in Howard County this past time, so it's built cold and in sunrise. How are you, Bill? Don't hold your breath, but good for you, right on, baby. Hypocrates at the Sun Sentinel, all of you other phony bolognies. Disasteration stands for nothing. This is Kevin. Hello, hi, Javi. I'm here to see you in Gainesville, Operation Stein. Okay. And some body contouring and some little suction? Mm-hmm. And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the implementation has made a press surgery phase shift for all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering... Well, you're like, stir-wit. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's the notion in the basket. Mm-hmm. So much. Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too. Mm-hmm. Laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lens stopped crying yet, Mommy? Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works in a lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liprosuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first, and then I'm looking actually we can tell you that one is a little bit more like a woman. Oh, yeah. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. Um. My name is buffer will do. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. I'm going to use my lotion in the basket. I understand. at what electro larson and tobacco. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the Carson in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back. Do you like an appointment? Why? Where is起. I understand. Tekector I actually gave my skin suit inca dollar twenty-two. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. To give it to the 사람들. I've worked the ocean in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the channel, okay? I've worked the ocean in the basket, hello? I would say it's the ocean in the basket. Okay, it's 145 at 5.50 W to QMD Counties dead 5.67, but we already knew that. Hey, they're working on a circle over there for Christ 6. What do you want? They're doing the heavy duty stuff. 5.605050 and Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pomp 0B, Chilo. Pomp 0B, Chilo. Yes, sir. I just want to know if they make any mention of these people that are looking into this Kelvin-Cline ad. Who they are and how they end up with so much time on their hands with the guy? I saw it on TV last night. I saw it again this morning. Yes, and I was, I mean, it must be a thing out of the paper this morning, which I did not see yet. And I'm sure I'm hoping I'm positive that somewhere in this, all they did was say that, you know, there was some, I've, because of objections by various groups, etc. So I didn't identify who they were, maybe the paper they do. Because my wife and I saw them on the news this morning night. I thought it was the funniest thing I had ever seen. Little kids in underwear, what could possibly be offensive about that? Who knows? We got little kids naked on the ads on TV and who cares about that either. Right. Can I call someone a douchebag? Yes, sir. Speak capital in your douchebag. And I'm in. Thank you, sir. By the way, somebody may be all calling, tell us which page and what, because I haven't seen the article in the paper. But now is I'm leasing through here, because we're not going to get many calls today. All here's that story from Hanson Hansen, Hansen, Alattabamas. See how we're nearly, I have, I read the paper selectively because generally these two papers. You can read them. You can take a good and finish both papers complete fun to back. Because they both suck. There's nothing to read in them. There's no real columns. There's no real light. Like just that one article from the New York Post, the Hank lived out for me. That thing about Larry King, you won't read that stuff here. We got guys who could write stuff like that here like Tom Jika, but Tom is more interested in writing these things about, you know, this TV series has been canceled. You know, write something about that people care about. Write something with some real opinions about stuff that people care about. Come on, Tom. What about's happening a good old time, Jika? You used to be such a, you know, too many of those in simple shows with his Kaplan. Too many of those gambling shows at night. What's wrong with Tom? He's funny, stupid. Yeah, but he's a good guy. So certainly, somebody called Teddy Witchpages that's the reason, by the way, with the picture of the babies. Did anybody call? No. Maybe there isn't any story with a picture. It's gotta be in there. Let me say it again. Did anyone call and tell you which page in which paper story is in with it? Because I'm trying to find out who said Donald Wildman. Oh, Donald Wildman from the Christian Coalition area go again, starting up against, they haven't even started a campaign yet. But they're monitoring, baby. They're monitoring just to make sure, maybe Donald Wildman likes little kids in under where, huh? Could be. Pumpsville, Alabama women who say they can't enjoy themselves in the bedroom without sex toys like vibrators as the federal judge on Wednesday to block a new Alabama law, banning the sale of such items. Oh, my God. Yeah. Better lock away your pocket rocket because the pocket rocket police are coming. If it's an Alabama now, it won't be long before it's steeped down here to Florida down the penis, Penizula. Those challenging the 1998 law contented violates privacy rights by indirectly prohibiting adults from engaging in legal acts behind closed doors. But the state contains there is no fundamental rights to a product use to produce an orgasm. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. How about a carrot? How about a likes weiner? Is it a key? How about a zucchini? How about a guy then eggplant? Well, how about a cucumber? How about a kosher dill? US district judge Linwood Smith gave him indication of one of my rule. The ban on sex toys in this Bible built state was signed by Governor Fob James, who was defeated in November. James back prayer in the school and once threatened to call out that I should regard to keep the ten commandments on a courtroom wall. I remember that crap. What a lunatic. What a wacko. The ban was added to a law to prohibit new dancing. Selling or distributing any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for the stimulation of human gender organs was made punishable after a year in jail and a ten thousand dollar fine. The law is not being enforced pending the out. How do you enforce it? Hey, lady, can I come in? Let me look in there. The law is not being enforced pending the outcome of the law suit, which was filed by six women for of whom they say used vibrators for gratification that they could not otherwise achieve. The other two women sell sexual devices that stores are during and in home shows. Mark Lopez of the ACLU representing uses and sellers of sex toys told the judge that many sex therapists recommend the devices for women who can't achieve orange jazim. We've got the orgasm police. There you go. I told you this is a goddamn police state this country you live in. You don't believe me. Oh, you're good. So we carried away in the dead. No, I don't. We had the penis police, the blow job police and I've got the do-do police. I got to read that one line again. I am just the state of Alabama contends there is no fundamental right to put to a product used to produce an orgasm. Can you how about candles? Pollowies right out of business in Alabama. No more hallways. Of course that's a satanic thing anyway. We know that. Can you just conjuring up all the various objects? Coat bottles. I mean, stop and think about the various things that have been found inside women's PARTS. So they're going to have to go in and basically close up the supermarket. Especially the food and produce thing. Oh yeah, ballpoint pens. Number six pencil. Special to the ones that only had the eraser in no head. Well, I mean, this way would deal a lot of crazy people. The religious people and the arrogors on this state is the only person in the market in the country for 23 years now. With these are the crazy people. The nutcase people sticking their noses into people's houses. Oh, look what she's doing in there. We can hear it out here. It's not the rotor, man. And then of course they're going to have to stop selling batteries because those devices, most of them, not all of them, but some of them run on batteries. They're going to even ban the guy named Duracell Man from Alabama. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. They go and go. He made a comment about the dolphin taking an increase by $3. He said that it was not bad. But he got a family. We're talking about it. Okay, we're not talking about that. We're not talking about the juxtap. We have an open line and Broward in two and a day. One dimensional audience out there, man. You make me one or just give him a hint of his in puke. 5.6.7.05. 6.6. The only 18.2 wireless line. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I just had a call. I'm just a whole Christian coalition. I think it got me outraged. Started last week with this thing with Tinky Linky. And I've got a two year old child. It's a goddamn child's show. Yeah. You know, I'm sick of it. You know, purple is the color. Well, it was purple. The color of Jesus was real. They're from that mistake. And from their Bible. Yeah. They said the triangle. Well, it's just an empty sign of the Trinity. We ended up a big article in here about the British. Again, our P in our pants because it's a British show. And they just can't believe how stupid. Well, then they said something. Then they said something about a magic bag. But from that mistake, when I was a child, Felix, the cat had a magic bag. Yeah, he wishes he still had it with the islanders. Well, I'm just so sick of this. Christian being the first one to pick up a rock and throw it. If you don't believe in what theirs is, and I was raised on the Christian. But why is it that you don't see porn again, rabbis out there preaching? I did bothers me. Oh, you do. You do. You got the crazy orthodoxy in Israel. And then they're all over the place. You move homes here and call me back Sunday. The phonetic and everywhere the morph, like I told you before, what's the point of repeating it? The morphin and the acolyte are the crazy. They are the crazy. They are. And they are more intolerant. They are. And they're more of this kind of crap happens. Open line and Broward to and date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady mobile in the keys. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. Am I on the air? It sounds like you. How are you? I'm doing good. We're heading through key largo right now. I want to call my husband a flaming. Okay, great. Okay, we have an open line and Broward to and date. This is very sad to me. You know, this whole town is so sad. It's like I've said this for years. It's like there are two different shows going on. The show that I'm doing and then the show that they're doing. And all by the way, that was Andy from Hollywood. The asshole before not Mitch. But guess what? It's the same person basically. Pretty much so. Different bodies, same asshole. I mean, Andy from Hollywood's faxes is to make sure that we know that he was the Jackass, not Mitch from anybody else I would apologize. But Mitch is case of a liar. No, of course not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Maybe the reason we're not getting too much responses week. Maybe after Tiki Winky, that put them over the edge. You're all running down to the passport office. To get ahold of it. You'll pass a port though and squeeze it tight. Here's a Kate Coral. Hello. Neil, what's up? Yes sir. Seeing how to greet story for you to pull into a supermarket over here. There's this old blue here, but in the garage region that probably in 1975. Lincoln Continental, it's a big sign on the dash as I looked in. Reminder turn off turn signal. No kidding. It says why? Turn off turn signal. We've got a reminder in there. Yeah. Okay, thanks. We'll think about that one for a while sir. Excellent. He thought it was great. See what I mean? One thing about this audience. Very often they will respond immediately, even though they don't realize it. Right there. That's exactly what I'm talking about. He thought it was very amusing. Here's my Emmy. Hello. Yeah. Does it sound like you? Yes. Amy, I'm just here trying to contemplate the world and I'm thinking about this guy. Once the band, the Calvin Klein adds. It's probably one of these guys that's selling child pornography on the internet. Properly. Probably got enormous website on here and he's peddling it. It's good cutting on his business. Uh-huh. That's all I got for you. Okay. No more serious robot catalog either pal. All right. Answer up. We're going to have to. In fact, what they're going to do is they're going to run around. They're going to send all their little Christian soldiers all over America with scissors cutting out the pictures that they need to be inappropriate from all the mail order catalogs. So when you get your catalog at the store, they're in the mail. You'll find like a lot of empty holes. I shouldn't say that. In fact, an Alabama is probably going to be a lot of empty. Well, that's bad. Four minutes before noon is five sixty QA. This is five sixty QA. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. We are from Navier State. To join us in the last little black, cut off your nuts and drink what told us that we'll sell and something about our betel. We will pick up your soul on our ways of your reality. So have your fucking packed and be dead. When they'll box as twelve assistant to Earth, thank you. And my God, where are you in? This is not the existence of what it is. Someone's gonna find us. Back back to pocket chain. Our containers decomposed. I took in here some dinner for me. So don't get me some dinner for me. So we'll rock your handsome apple stars. Just hold it to the back. Oh, fuck, there's a tail box. We'll need to learn a little, just get out and wait and wait for it. Oh fuck, we're for a new ball of ball. He and the other hand, right now we need a without a big place. Right on another big place. You're a friend if you could go to the beach. How you ever got out of space? Just go to a hospital all the time. That's not too far. Two minutes after you in 560 WQM and for some reason that's you Chris Reed is on the, I don't know why they keep doing this. I guess because they got to do something. He's got the QA in Van out there. Let's see, he's at the North West 67th Avenue exit out the Palmetto in the McDonald's parking lot. It'll be there between 12 30 or 130 with free tickets with the damn rain or somebody golfed him at this weekend. Free hurricanes, a Pittsburgh basketball tickets for Tuesday the 23rd at 730 p.m. in Miami Arena, hurricanes rockers basketball tickets for Saturday the 27th of the new in the arena. The new I turn the oranges on t-shirts and DNA bumpers stickers and the tournament's on. Prom 30 to 130 the QM fan look for 67th Avenue exit out the Palmetto in the McDonald's parking lot. We say must be getting free food out there or something because they keep going back there. Remember they went out there with the stuff? Okay, we have an open line at Broward 2 a day, 560 505 60 p.m. 560 on the mobile one line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. How you doing Neil? Okay sir. I think everything is going on with this religious right. It's actually going because we're building them for what they really are. A bunch of nimble and it's full. Don't say exposing it sir. I mean you agree to say that we already know public and party. Don't know that but the fact is that they're getting a laws passed in various states around a country including this one. That are taken away people's rights to do even the most private and whatever they're doing. We already know that there are a bunch of nut cases. That's a trunial but don't you think that within the next elections the Republicans are going to be exposed for basically sweeping with these guys. Yeah. Don't you think they'll suffer from that in the elections? You know Alabama? Not in Alabama but with. Well that's my advice and stay on Alabama. Have a great day. Dave County's open wide open wide. Open wide. We'd art 560 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Selling or distributing any device designed or marketed as useful primarily for stimulation of human general organs was made punishable in Alabama by up to a year in jail in a $10,000 fine. Don't need for $2. Even I'm going to tell you something even the one cell of mebas are looking at this and they're saying oh my god are these human stupid. Any device sold primarily as if it's somebody's business what you're doing inside your house or inside your apartment or inside your T-Rome ever had you are. And you can you know well it's Alabama but you know what that's the American. That's right more and more and more they're making in roads because the right to the people are sitting back watching a tele-tubbies of whatever they're watching which by the way that thing about the tele-tubbies is on two way and that people in the new thing in the world this morning. If Tinky were gay his bag would match his shoes any gay person would know that. There's the there's the whole deal right there. That's right. So straight assholes that ones I can't figure it out they're all confused like Jerry we're not too sure about him. Here's a mobile in Pembroke pine chillo. Oh you know what would I do without you every day what would I do without. Well you're fine something. Open line and day one and grower if I maybe we'll hook you up with Mitch and Andy and Hollywood. 560 and pound five sixty animal mobile one line. Here's moral give us a lot. Yeah yes sir morning nail morning afternoon. Good evening. Hey just in case of subject nail why why not to give the golden asshole award to Monica Lewinsky and the trip all of Jones and Ken stuff. What about the new the new. Okay open line and day one and grower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in a mobile one line. Palm Beach Fort Myers are we still on here for Myers is anybody really. Huh do you know the answer. Is that jack most of the morning do we answer that. The one is doing all his the fat routines also help me God that poor St. Lucy which I have no idea why you keep putting that on. Port ain't Lucy hello. Hey Neil good afternoon. Yes are you sir okay. I'm going to be in town. Oh yeah that's your buddy. Greg formerly avoiding beach not from port San Luisiano care where you're going to be okay. You're another asshole and see he's the notice what the fact said he's buddies with the other it's like a little ring. Remember the days when Gilbert used to be the pivot man. Well he's old no. They wore him out he can no longer be the pivot man. So not he's guys all like a little like a little claustrophoric. 560 560 560 560 on the mobile line it's great when you look on a when I can look on a screen and see where the call is coming from and I already know who it is. Hi Scott. Thank you. Here's a mobile informyer's hello. Okay. So now that you're still on here you're the only thing with on the air here. Yeah. You were running down a list of things that they might have to ban and how a ban you said candles this at the other. Right. So we're talking about the people in the house. Which maybe they will ban an hour down. You know and unless unless they left a few head laying around they're not selling those in the store. I'm talking about things you can buy in the store. Okay because that leaves out my last point which was a they have to ban the human cuts which they can't ban an hour. Because they would never come in her. Yeah. That's all. Okay. Thank you. What do you say? He said date county was wide open 560 560 560 560 on the mobile one line. There you go. Maybe we'll get date county. But it can. Magic circle. Okay. Circle. Jerk. That will do it for date county. 560 560. We're going to fast for you. And pound 560 on the infamous mobile one line. We pay for it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hey. A couple comments on that. Logie just read. I guess then we're going to have to start selling vibrators as personal massages. And motorcycles will be banned also. That's right. What do you think? And they also won't be able to put that throw on the seat anymore. Thank you. Okay. They think it's funny. You know, it's funny in a very sick way. They think it's amusing way to lay doing the Florida way to take away your pocket rocket that bitch up there in Orlando air and summers. She'll be out of business. Remember that the hot sex bitch that used to be on a night on actually a lesbian. I know. We know. The first time was good. Whatever. Here's a mobile in crawl spring. Cool springs. Going once. Yeah. I know. Yes sir. Yeah. You see Jesse Ventura trying to get some of the old laws off the books in Minnesota. Yeah. That just unmarried adults. You know who and not allowed to have sex now. They could be arrested. It was unlike Tom Snyder last night talking about all the opposition that he's getting. Trying to get these old laws by the conservative right. Yeah. You know off the books that he's having all kinds of trouble. Well, he's going to discover. I'm sure he knows it. Then in a so that there's a lot of real old the Prudish uptight swedes up there. Yeah. Yeah. And I get also an Alabama. I get to they're not going to sell anymore fruits and vegetables. That's right. Produced a car that's shutting down. You got it. Thanks. And have a great day. I absolutely want to be. The father of the law. The station that delivers. Please. They're live. The liver in. The liver in. So we can. You can. You can. You can. By winning video cassette or the movie delivery. It's just you respond. We require that you listen to the radio all week in law. All saying the same thing. The screen price winner will be flown to go through Georgia for a conducive for two Dallas. Who the last you ever. And who's that combination in durable interest. It's easy to wear. And it's easy to get trapped in. It's the. The. The. The. The. The. The. Because maybe youali. And that's because I got. This is awesome. Yeah. Now. The. That is. The. Oh. Makim Boss. And say sorry Ruben knows what's. Yeah. At the. You know about it. Wow. A. A. What's new. Now power. It's the Bart. Oh, there. So five 68 micro but now. People that talk with the drawle in the stupidities like us. And the beach sound Arizona band and most of the beach sounds dumb. I mean, they're than saw this. Paul 14 and five 60 WK away. So Chris is there with a Q AM class. van out by the way, don't you know, don't accuse me of not plug it out. If he gets his tremendous response over there is where I haven't here today, they ought to be there to midnight unloading those tickets to the Dan Reno celebrity golf tournament. And those hurricane Pittsburgh basketball tickets and hurricane Rutgers, basketball tickets and the new I-turnier Rogers on T-shirts and D&H bumper stickers. QAN van Northwest 67, the after-web exit right off the palm of the window and the McDonald's parking lot between now and 130 or until all the stuff is gone. Good luck. You don't need it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anyhow you're doing. Okay sir. All right. You say the state of Alabama was sticking in jail as far. You play with anything that's what they say. Did you hear the story that I wits you? I heard some of it. Yeah. Because the world happened to Sally Fitch moves down to Alabama. The excellent point. She's out. That's right. She's all right. Everybody got her picture on the billboards at the state line. Good point. Sally you're out. Once you hear I know TV in Alabama, whether without a band you want her. We have an open line of Broward to a date 567560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Nothing cranks their chain today. I'll tell you that. Absolutely nothing will move these people there. Just actively working on it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. New. Yeah. No more Yuka. How about them? Uh-huh. We'll be thinking about that. All the humans are going to be upset with it. Okay. Okay. 567560, mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil. Yes, sir. Um, in listening to all these conversations, it's been running through over the past couple days considering religion and everything. I go back to my background. I was raised in Upper New York State. Yeah. I've lived in in voter Virginia Charlotte, North Carolina and down down here. Oh, yeah. Anyway, in Upper New York State, what is Upper New York State? What is Upper New York? Okay, Bambridge. Where does that? Okay. It's about 30. It's halfway between O'Neon and Binghamton, New York. Oh, we have stay. Don't say Upper New York State. Okay. Don't say Upper New York. Anyway, in that area there's a guy that lived there named uh, uh, is Guaanyway. He found his uh, Mormon church. Right. And Joseph Smith. Joseph Helmira. And what actually he, original public. He said, all the Mormons take to and call me in a morning. He originally had done a pad. Patents near, after New York. Yeah. And he was uh, if you check up in the bridge, you'll find out what a real croquis was. Well, I lived in in in uh, vote-o. It was near a Winchburg Virginia and I got a four goals of Jerry Falwell. What did you think Jerry Locke had in the place called Winchburg, by the way? Well, of course. And he, he was at town with an iron says, uh, living in Charlotte, North Carolina, was just over the border from our buddies down there that that uh, wound up in jail. Um, oh, she's Jim Baker. And that that was another thing that was, was an nightmare. And people, people don't realize how they are being used by, by, by these people. They don't have a clue when they're going to be. So if they're going to be with the media with stop companies, people up at Jerry, it's Larry King, for example, it's not bringing fall on these other assholes on their kissing their ass. And like all during this penis case that they kept bringing on Reverend Schuerer and Jerry Falwell. What the hell did they have to do with any of this? Well, who the hell are they to be telling anybody in this country? What the hell to do? Who is the public to be coming over here? Sticking his face in Missouri near end, stopping an execution from digging place. This is the problem. Religion in this country is out of control, out of bounds, and spilled over to like a like a disease. People, you're absolutely right. People do not have a clue. This is what's happening. And they keep they keep sending their money to the people and these guys. And they just, they're, they're using us. Every, every time we turn around, they're, they're, they're joking us for billions every year. And it just continues to grow. Well, I don't know. Anyway, I just, I just wanted to let you know that I, you know, I'll tell you one thing, Jan and Paul Croch, they're, I'm Trinity Broadcasting. They don't have to big for calls. Well, I mean, I got to do this put that number at the bottom of the screen and are phones are ringing off the hook. And all of God's partners are sitting there answering those phones, taking all those pledges because God needs the money because there's a big sale of pennies. And they send you an, and actually if you probably knew how much you were laughing at the people who are sending a money that's right, you got it. But that was his Jim Baker's out. He's going to start all over again. I guarantee you before too much longer, Larry will have his ass on it. I'll be looking every, uh, pulling his cheeks. You got it. And one of the reasons most of the people locate there are a lot of these religions and these organizations in Miami and in Florida is because the, the loss that we have controlling religion and controlling charities is very, very, my nook. It's not exist. Yeah. And that's why you don't sign? Well, God bless you, sir. And so I don't know how to hide or around how above two line. Right. You're welcome. Okay. Shake. Okay. Two open lines in date. 560 and 560 and 560 on the mobile one line. Do those the do-do police. You look at the map and Alabama. They ain't that far away. I hate to break the news to you. It's right up the road to peace. It'll be just coming down stream right down through Georgia through that Kuhullo mossy river. Seep and right into the goddamn lake up there. It'll be in your drinking water before you know it. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing okay? I'm from Minnesota. I'm not Swedish. I don't think I'm a fruit. Mm-hmm. Yeah. There are a lot of right wing Swedes up there, aren't they? Um, yeah. There's not a lot of right wings. It's a, traditionally, I hate liberal. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Come free. Sort of like it's foster. Boston traditionally the world too, but there are a lot of prudes. See, there can be a place that allegedly is liberal and still be very prudish and hypocritical like Boston. Okay. It is. Have you ever been to Boston? I yeah, only couple days. Yeah. Have you ever heard the term banned in Boston? Right. Right. Well, liberal Boston's supposed to be in all of Harvard, Nulli, Suu and Lekuos and all these liberals. But Boston is very repressive. Goody to choose place. Okay. It's such a good thing. Fighting the last four or five years. They've closed down everything. They're the Nulli bars. I mean, you can't even even in your bedroom. You can't walk around. They can't Boston. Unless your name is Kennedy. Yeah. What do you need to do? Um, why just a question. Why don't you have George Screen you call? Meaning what? You know, a lot of, a lot of places just have them, um, it's some information before. Because we don't want to do that. We don't want to try to radio. We talk to everybody. I mean, maybe they're not too long. We talked to everybody. That's why I make this show more interesting. I'm going to tell you, sir, it shows where they, where they do that exhaustive screening. They are terminal. They are called my inducing and have a great day. Here's your guy from Minnesota. It's on us how to do the show by the way. You better start screening those guy damn calls, George. Not. They're like, I mean, we want to hear what's really out. They're we're not going to sugar code it for. There's a lot of answers out there. Okay. They got a right to call and show everybody their an answer. I'm going to tell you, if we start being selective with calls, then I'll really be sitting here talking to myself. Oh, yeah. We're going to be real selective. Now, we're only going to talk to really sharp people who really have something for a found or interesting or amusing to say, yeah, when that call coming in, let me know what day and I'll show up. She, like, I heard Hank yesterday talking about that one guy had the beginning of the show on Monday and he's right about that guy that Jack asked a fall well liquor. I couldn't have bought him for $10 million, but like, maybe, you know, once you've been here, you can't even get a call like that. Hey, let's hear all your greatest calls. Okay. Here's the bridge tender and now what? Well, we're working on the next one. We'll get that other guy. We'll just talk about it. We'll get that one for you. But how about the rest? Well, they haven't come in yet. Two open lines in date, 560, 750, 50, 50, 50 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in my Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? Neil, I can't believe. Are you serious about that bill, Bill thing? All right, I'm six A in the Sun Sentinel. This is not a joke. It's on page six A. It says, women block ban on sale of sex toys. Oh, my God. Yes. I read it right in the here. Also, you know, it must be possibly true. We have to get out of here. We have to leave this country. Yeah, sounds good to me. Neil, another thing. There's a figure alert on Coral way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're using one of those graffiti anti graffiti trucks. And all that. And I already got pulled over by one of the way. I anti anti truck. I mean, the bumper sticker police? No, the ones that paint the buildings that has graffiti and all that stuff. They're using that as a way of pulling people over and in closing to that officer that pulled me over, also, oh, great. Whatever his name is. Yeah. Well, I'm not going to pay me. You'll get a rico, mighty gold. Oh, right. Exactly. We second that emotion. Mighty, come on. Say it with some enthusiasm. Say it with feeling with passion. Mighty, come on. Well, the women today, all they must be all out to stock at up on OZA devices now. They're going to hide them away. That's why all you ladies out there, you better go see a patty sexy things and all your favorite neighborhoods your joints. Because when they come knock it on your door a few months from now, I'm trying to take those things away. Just have them hidden and get a goddamn vault. Get a safe 567 0560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, sir. Listen, the Dildo police already rated this shop and coconut growth. Do you know the one that taking a pussy cat? Oh, yeah. That's long. They've been doing this for years. Oh, my god. Yeah. I think the Christians were buying everything up. So, anyhow, listen, I got to disagree with you about the circle. I think the circle 2000 year old artifact pretty interesting. Where's all the museums? Miami every major metropolitan center has museums. Because this is this is the cultural wasteland. Well, we're going to have a circle. Well, I think it's pretty good. Miami Symphony orchestra, anybody heard of that? No. Yeah. Well, Miami Museum of Natural Science and History. No. Of course not. This is a wasteland. This is a palm tree laden alligator, you know, there's no history here. Well, just the thought I thought it was pretty interesting. Educational tool better than magic johnson's Marks. Yeah, but you don't know. The taxpayers, but again, Alex penis has decided him along with his commissioners that the taxpayers are going to pay off his developer. I mean, the money isn't going to come out of the sky. They're going to pay off his developer to pay him back for Atlanta, whatever, be over and above that. That the court decides they got to pay for it so they can preserve a few old teeth. Well, I think it's pretty interesting. They should take a picture of the people in sunrise. You want to preserve old teeth to come in a glass. There you go. All right. Marks are race. He knows how to do it. Sorry to disagree. Okay. I'm a great day. He likes the circle. Okay. He likes the circle. Maybe we maybe we all just ought to build a circle. Okay, right there. Make everybody happy. 567.0560. 550. On a mobile one line. And what about those slim gyms you were eaten before, by the way? Those will be illegal in those ought to be illegal here. George was the saying that when you buy stuff at the drugs, they're like Walgreens that tends to be a little fresh. They're going to send the convenience stores. Anybody ever going to convenience store by a candy bar opened it up. It wasn't white chocolate was like milk chocolate, but it was white because it was 100 years old. Anybody ever do that? Yeah. Anybody ever going to get like a vintage earied fish stick and you open it up and it comes to find out you're like 10 blocks up the street already and you find out that it had melted and refrosed and melted and refrosed and it was older than the thusula and those teeth in that circle. Yeah. Yeah. So even they call it convenient. They didn't say it's good, but it's convenient. So there you go. There with a lot we'll be against it. I am guilty. What the hell? Like I have hatred. I killed the call. Here I am on the stand. I will tell an all about a man who knows how to chant. We play in Broford ball. Everywhere people stand. Each and every day you turn. They see me on TV and I hear them say. Hey, you didn't try that. Love a day. Oh. Hey. You didn't try that. Love a day. Just the fight. I won't lie. I chate on. Chalice is different. Makes no sense. It's by Johnny Tocque. Now I see the joe of the gut. The DNAs gather round all the browns. Let me hear them say. Hey, you didn't hide that. Love a day. Oh. Hey. You didn't hide that. Love a day. So, we're almost in that pipeline. We got 1233 at 5. 16 WQAM. We got some over the lines of day. We haven't heard from Brendan Barmer's friend. His schoolmates from Palmetto, Ohio. What's the reason for that? What kind of people go to Palmetto, Ohio? You know, I mean, it's in Miami. You don't know? You don't know where Palmetto is seeing your high-end. What is wrong with you? You lived in Dave County for a long time. For a brief moment. And so did I. A bit of a long time ago. Maybe our crowd just doesn't hang out in the neck of the woods. I mean, we had people who went to school with Rocky, Antevaria, and then he Garcia, and Andi Garcia, and with the scumbags to loan, and all these other geniuses from local town. Nobody knows from Brendan. Damn it. Here's, uh, Holly, Hollywood, hello. Hello, New York. Yes, sir. By the way, there was a guy that brought that OJ stuff. The T-shirts and burned them, which was on TV last night in this morning. Congratulations to him. Well, at the auction, they're going, go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah. This is another morning. Can't hear this guy at all. Hello. Yeah. There's another morning, because in the saggy, it's talking about deal those. Yeah. Oh, okay. Thanks. Well, thanks for your input. We have an open line in Broward and all three in date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one on him. Must have a... Rectome on his mind. Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, boss? Okay. I got a paid report for you. Yeah. All right, sorry. Andrew's a train prospect and, uh, Oakland Park. Andrew's between prostate, Oakland Park. Yeah. They got their radar guns out and there's shoot them in the radar too. God bless you, sir. Thank you so much. All right. Neil, have a way. You don't forget to blink those lights by the way. They get upset about that too bad. It's America. It's your right. It's your first amendment. Everybody, you want to make an expression. You want to communicate and say, have an ice-dated. You're other fellow travelers out there. I don't say fellow travelers. Do you have their fellow drivers out there? Then blink those lights in warm. By the way, I thank for, for, for, for, for, for, again, have been just the other day out here on Ivory Road. Somebody blinked me and there was porcupis in on the side of the road. All you know, something I applaud the porkers who sit out here on it's a residential street. Speed limit is 30 miles an hour and I've's there a between 441 and the stadium. And I'm going to tell you something. The driving behavior of the people who drive an ad that could the woods is on freaking acceptable. It is unbelievable and unacceptable. So I applaud those porkers out there. You ought to be doing more of it. Okay. I'm my my piece and cues drive it up there and back here every day because I know the number one I'm going to get a goddamn ticket if I don't. And number two is a residential area where it makes sense to have a low you know there's all kinds of little kids running around. It's houses right on the street almost. And there's people whipping through their 60 and 70 and 80 miles an hour. Like there's somewhere they got to go in a hurry in this place. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, yellow. Newbound. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, these people were the circle jerk down there and Southern Miami. Yeah, I do. Do they even look at the possibility that that might be a foundation from when the brickles were down there putting up by houses and such? No. Well, they just found factuated you get these new HMID. You maybe have a little boy. You know something maybe it was the brickles teeth. Yeah. That's an ass. You know these new H people are shaking around like an Alabama Dildo. Right. They're down there with the Indian shaman. And you know I think they say up those the similar the felt you know the presence or the energy there. Well, these were arrowwack Indians that you know have it at these little areas. Come up from the Caribbean. I'd nothing to do with the terminal. Yeah. Arrowwack. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And you know these goofballs are just down there shaking. And you know I think it probably is a bigger a trivia triangle I guess. It is actually if you checked it out on news last night on channel 4 was purple. I don't know if Brian North Cross made something to look that way but it looked purple to me. Didn't hit the earth. Open line of Broward. Five six. I mean to me the whole thing is much to do about nothing. Front page of the newspaper. Big song in advance. We found some old teeth. What old teeth man? This is the perfect time. There's no place in the world. It's got more old teeth than this one. And I'm talking about people that are still alive. And yes many of them are in the glass but nevertheless it all teeth. Here's a mobile info waterdale. Hello. Okay. Nice talk to you. Probably another circle asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Thank you. Neil. How are you going? Okay. Uh, Macau and I think we'll see you on my dignity. I think you'll see. Okay. Speak like like what is it? Okay. Another one of your people. Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh. Open line of day two and a row. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6. They must be on a jungle juice today. You know what? I must be doing it. They must be sucking and the juice too. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Long time Mr. First time caller. All right. Got a question for you. Uh, in hockey. I know you don't like talking to the sports. But what's a five hole in hockey? What's a five hole in anything? It means between the legs. Yeah. Why does it call? Why is it called a five hole? Well, maybe we got a caller in the asshole. How's that? How does that sound? Do you like that better? Uh-huh. What difference does it make with a caller? What the hell difference does it make? When a team has a man advantage, they call it a power play. Why do they call it a power play? Ask them. I don't know. But how do I know? When they shoot it down the ice, they call it icing. They could call it frosting. They could call it a million other things. Okay. Oh gee, two minutes frosting. You know, why do they call you thing? He's an asshole. Exactly. Why do they call you that? I think we already have the answer after that call. But thank you, sir. Virgin, there's another great sports call here on five, 60. Oh, yeah. Sports radio. Just ask Greg Reed, he'll tell you. It's sweeping a country man with a big gigantic broom. We're making all the money from here. Midday, we got all the numbers here. But yeah, it's the sports shows. That's where it's at, right? No. You're tired with the cast of B watch, does before shooting a scene. Hey, guys, you. What do you think about my brush? You think you can. I think I'm going to be hard. Yeah, maybe a little light. I think I'm going to be a little bit more hard. Yeah, maybe a little bit more. We need to get about my balls. Do you think my balls are okay? Oh, yeah. You're putting your balls. Yeah. Forget about your balls. We need to think about my ass. Of my ass. Oh, yeah. Your ass looks nice. Oh, yeah. All right. It's going to be great for seeing. Yeah. Right. And oh, yeah. Your knuckles are erecting now. Oh, yeah. I heard a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. I forgot my line. We got a talk. I think so. No. Okay. Good. That's a bit of a 24-5-50 WDC match our pull-cross today. Who's got a better body? Kelly Slater or Brendan Brahm or Barmer? What a Brazilian man. No Kelly Slater, the surfer from Coco Beach. He's doing a what's a name. Pamela Lee with a big phony boobs. He said they're okay. Like people really care whether they're real or not. What are you giving me that like, she's skanky? I'm not saying a word, okay? Because I've seen, I've heard you talk about certain women and what can I tell you? She's gross. Pamela Lee is gross like she smells. She looks like she smells like she looks. I like Josh Friedman. He smells like he looks like crap. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Long time no see the first time. Excellent. How's Chris doing out there is a van by the way? No reports yet. Yes sir. Last night. Yeah. And Boker. I want to tell you, those people make you crazy. We'll get a prescription for my dad and he's a real sick and it must have been an hour. Uh huh. One prescription. Yeah done by the video. They just can't get it together. What's the deal? We're going to die here. I'm actually after start going to Ecuador which is we're facing worse than death. Yeah they're a little bad. They got a lady down here. I'm from up north. I don't think we, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I have to find out. I've seen those but they're never happened to Rex all. Yeah I'm super into a lot of places and up north they do a lot better. Yeah well this is you got to understand here man. They're a decrepid. We're doing a lot to banana boat. And you work at Ray Gotten the race track. What's the, what's happened out there? What, what Gulfstream? Oh, a pump and all. Oh, a pump and all. Yeah like a week night. What's good, what's good kind of go? What's good night. Well I got Simon Casting tonight. Good night Thursday night. We'll go up there in the dining room on a six four. Get to a nice meal. Two for twenty four dollar dinners. Got Simon Casting. Get you a little TV there on your table. You bet the Northfield from Detroit and you bet all over the place. Yeah, buddy. Mine used to ride out there. I think I've heard you mentioned him too. Brad Cramer. And yeah Brad's doing great. He's a love Brad Cramer. Better than all the time. Yeah he's from Michigan. That's where we're from. We like to see him. And think Thursday night. And he will be riding tonight tonight. Would be an excellent night. If I've least an ordinary week. Go out there is tonight's because we like that north. And Brad Cramer's my favorite drive. We got good taster. He's a great driver. Excellent. Okay. We're going to win some money. Okay. Here you go. Brad Cramer's a buddy. His just like we have met a guy at the hockey game. Tell me about Ray McLean Jr. They're in London, Ontario. And where else does he drive? What are you the one about harness racing? Oh my god. If you think they don't know if it about hockey. Harness rate. What's that? Why they call on a harness by the way? And what's that thing in the back of the horse? Is that a five hole? You know the thing right by his rectum. Brad Cramer and Ray McLean Jr. Now you're talking as well. We need some new blood down here at Pompidot Park. Okay. I mean, no, you know, with all the apologies to my good buddies, Kevin Wallace and Bruce Ranger, Wally Harnessy, we'd like to see somebody else win a race like every 50, 60 race. Just for variety. Okay. Just kind of break up the old at Wallyan Ormsen. Open line and date one at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. I went to my name on that high school. What year did this guy go there? Well, he's 20 years old, so I guess he would have graduated a couple years ago. Yeah, I think so, 1980. Brendan Barmer. Never heard of him. I graduated in 1980. Well, yeah, well, you're an old fart like me and not a Zollezan, but you're too old for this guy. Yeah, unfortunately. He's a, he was a swimmer and water polo star at Pompidot High. Yeah, we, we had a very good that swim team and a upholstery. I worry his Pompidot High, by the way. South Miami, 77th Avenue and like about 120 streets. Huh? Why never do that? You learn something every day. Yeah, well, I'm, well, we're going to keep pushing away. We'll find somebody that's charred with this guy before the days out. Have a great day, pal. Brendan Barmer. He's right there in the Miami, heard this morning on the front page of the sports section in the bottom right hand corner. Will, how come we never had no woman call in today that scene at picture? You see, you women, you're so stuffy. You're no fun. So what do they want to take away your instruments? Okay, you're no fun. You're boring. I mean, if we had one queen that called them, they wouldn't have called in, said he would like to do this kind of heartbeat and who the hell wouldn't of his persuasion. I mean, that wasn't my point. Well, it wasn't my point. The point is you look pretty good. But how come the women are called and saying, geez, you're wanting to like because the woman are busy looking for my screechy out there on the ice. You woman, it got the crappiest taste. You talk about George with the Tamile Lee comment. What's wrong with the women in this town? Is that the bad eyes bad eyes get some glasses get some context. Go get that the sliced job done and he eyes too. Man. The band is gone by the way. Why? He's doing a lot of stuff. How do they rush? We have, how come he's got all kinds of alcohol because he's given away free. He's got the stuff in my dump and I really, really, really dumb. I slow. I lose in it. See, he's giving away free stuff. He's got the runs out there. We got the runs because I'm pushing for calls all week long here this week. It's, I mean, you know, right now we got a few, but they won't be there long. You know, we had the penis gay thing. Even even though nobody talked about that on the show all those 13 months, it was always like hovering there behind us. Like it was something to talk about, but we really didn't very much told us over the last day. That thing kind of like cleared the air a little bit to let him bring it back now. And now it's like, okay, what do we do now? Anybody know? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. He's already doubt that Alex Panhead, Alex is just the consummate politician. No. Did you see his important news conference? Yeah, we're talking about that before on Channel 4. How they boxed it up and had got with the big head from New York. Kept the Ken Rosada, whatever his name is. Kept talking with his mic off. It was a disaster. It was just so typical. I mean, Randstand play against. Then right there, the circle with Merit Steerheim and Ruth Shack and all these other, longtime community stories behind them. But this guy's going to make a career out of, you know, appearing to be against the mainstream. Just like with the arena. You know, he came out. That was just running platform. You know, he came out against the arena and then, uh, he got to office and they said, well, you know, all of a sudden Mickey and made him an offer he couldn't refuse. And now is this thing with the circle. All the microphones out there and Tony Cigreddo's like, correct, list. We got a major announcement. What a simple thing he is. Tony Cigreddo. What a what a what a check ass. What a silly, simple, slob-ring idiot he is. I mean, I'm not a father patient. You know, it's okay to have a silly guy doing sports, but this business of making sports guys and news guys, which happened in his town all the time. I mean, what is it ever going to stop? No. Probably not. Maybe we're starting to add in here. Okay. I agree. Good luck to us. Tony Cigreddo. Oh, he's all excited because he's been here all his life and he's a hurricane alumni, alumnus, whatever it is. See, that should speak for itself. See, most people who are smart that graduated, they wanted to say they went to like Harvard or somewhere. They're not going to tell you they went to U.M. Is there anybody with a brain that would tell you they went there? No, of course not. They lie about it. All we went to Vanderbilt, you know, anywhere. I mean, that's an Tennessee, but at least it's not about it at school because most of the kids are from out of the state. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, rhymes with Schicksey on the mobile one line. Here's a lady in four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I'm a long time list, Turkey. I've never called before though. But I just want to say one thing that... So many people call your show and have such negative things to say about you and your formative of your show and the things that you talk about. If they don't like it, why don't they just turn the station or turn out the damn radio? They have no life. That's right. This is their life. They're sure their lifeline. This is their only connection between the big brown box and life. Yeah, well, I just... Another thing I want to say about this first pharmacy is go. It's got all these pharmacy technicians, you know, manning the front line. These people, I don't know where they... I don't think they have any education. And I mean, they have no business telling you how to take your medication. Pharmacists are too busy to handle the influx of people so they have these technicians. They're losers. Do you know what I'm saying? Do you know what it reminds me of? It's like, I'm sure you've been in restaurants. In fact, restaurants that used to be really good where you get good service. And then when they give a little slow spell, what they start doing is they start cutting back and they have one waiter or waitress taking care of far more tables than they can handle. I should have the service business for many years. And as soon as you see that happen, you know that that place is on the way out. Absolutely. I've been a bartender, splash waitress for many years and I've seen it all happen. Because how can you possibly give twice as many people good service that you can really wait on? It's impossible. Right. And that's the same thing they do in these pharmacies. These drugstores, they got the four or five people running around back there. They got 20 people lined up inside. They got a half a dozen cars lined up at the drives you outside. And the same people are supposed to be taking care of all of them. And the right hand doesn't know what the left hand is doing. And all these sheets of paper and all these bags laying around all over the place. It's impossible. It's a wonder if people don't start dying from that. Well, they probably are. We just don't know about it. They're not reporting it. Right. But I also like to say it's a good thing. My girlfriend and I don't live in Alabama. We'd be in big trouble. Exactly. You better watch. You better keep that door locked real tight. Thanks again. Have a great day. Okay. We have an open line in day one and a broad word. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 at a mobile one line. Oh, she said her girlfriend is here. She was when she first called. I thought she was going to talk about Brad. Whatever his name is. Brendan, now I know why she didn't. But that's okay. Sweetheart, you do your thing and her thing too. Here's a store. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. How you doing? Great. Hey, a couple things. Last Sunday morning I was, I saw you posted a shiny dayChamperechtoscope at New York. I got a haircut planner. I asked my colleagues, so I'm just guessing around the window. I'll come up with this, okay. And at last the company was here, bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla. There's nothing. brown ус, bla bla This reminds me of Thursday and evening, here for your finger for your uh... back to be body part he's got some crack uh... group all under a peddling some garbage he's trying to look like he's twenty again or something but i'll never get never get there uh... the other thing he's trying to get his audience up to twenty is what is i used to listen to him and out and tell that yeah what you're at the and i think uh... yeah we're you ever you were there and this was like an eighty four eighty five my left everybody three i got out just in time i think it was sold before the thing when the go right after that i and z all see that we couldn't i couldn't get that one and one and i couldn't i can't i can't i can't see for like five years then i was on z in the morning for a year and i was on i would d for nine years and i'm over here and i'm all i'm working martin cony and we all well i'm going to get those signals you know but not a night they want to think about it and you've been a broad county can't can i and why i miss i like i like you call me all i like the all-around tell i don't get the time until you you know for you what was it was gay i just to the uh... yeah like percoror something but i always like to i thought you know well even though he was a fact okay listen to a great time too late to later you're hot kind of chatting about people and nobody cares about all these all i'm telling nobody cares about Steve Kane about Alice rantelle there are more people that care about or and i think it's a new year there ain't nobody cares about her even pony tells us he takes the free plug they get uh... from that station and from her show but uh... wouldn't spend them advertising because nobody ever called uh... why i see i don't understand it he likes to free plug so he brings them food and they talk about them and here but nobody ever comes in from there so what's the point why she wasting them in a food isn't for free it's cost the money to make the food no one reacts to a whack out all the time if you get my drift profit these six is five sixty w q a m on he's gonna be if they ever do that thing with the vibrators down here just calling it be riots over there at the pizza law he'll have an arrest break to be out there protesting in the waving at the street speaking of something you can wave on there is another item she's after all a monica stuff how can i forget about this i bet you there be no more cigars now a panna that's right never thought about that because you know about bill cigar in that place it's not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon the following is a paid public service announcement from the international rightful association let's face most of us will never be rich help we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed but as usual with every problem there is a solution hi i'm Jim and i'm here to tell you a little something about handgun they scare the sh** out of people intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want that's right handgun think about it need some cash rub a bank don't have enough money for fear all the convenience takes chips and pretzel's wire at it's all free you've got a handgun some son of a bitch cheating on your girlfriend kill him to simple solution a life complex problem why if the do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court hell if you don't want to wait the five days who cares by the dancing of the street just sigh a lot of handguns it's a great alternative to working problems out to be considered a population controls yes handguns they just might make a fan it's been a nice one of five sixty wdcm handgober show it to a clock bookstore six to seven thirty pregame at seven thirty blues and a panther's a decloc tonight i'm just wondering do you think Brendan Barmer no spani farmer we have an open line at brower five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighty well he's been on our parmato senior higher today something moving up in the world and one of the reasons we probably didn't see any of the stories about the calvin clients that is because there are any of the one of our local garbage papers maybe there's a story in the USA today we're gonna have to start in the USA today we have that delivered here maybe to think i'll pay for it huh they do deliver of course we have to make sure that we get it in somebody else's napscon with every day because there's a lot of people in the building like all those colorful photos here's a danya hello you're hell a new yes sir hey how's going great yeah if uh... been mean to call you uh... monday was at the panther's game against the sharks yeah you know at least it was too all you know and for shrapnel i'm very very weak we uh... we certainly need to be very back in the line up right bray very many very good but you know something it's a very sad comment i mean i know he's the most exciting player in the world which he is not the best player but the most exciting and he's uh... you know i had to ensure there's a lot most of our guys but it's a very sad comment that when you got one guy out of your line up that it can make such a tremendous difference i'll i guess you could say the same thing you know the dolphins with our mario aren't done you're the same either that's that's how important he is to have him out he no dad he's like the franchise right i mean to say the company that performance last night i kept saying they must have been the plane they didn't show up here only only shot berk made the trip everybody else missed a plane by no berk i'm making a man who was unbelievable he was great truly i think i'm for him but i was gonna ask you um... you're talking about this guy who was uh... the comedian host uh... i think it was monday night at the game uh... believe it was the first time the penters ever had that the first time they ever had one well no they had this comedian host uh... the scat of the tuxedo all left god all day hate him like poison they want him out of there now you get a big king no no no no no i'll be honest to you i mean of course i'm there for the game i mean there's no doubt the guy who did this scores of the out of town games that ds guy who was going to be was good that was a good information but this other guy give us a rest of the just shut the noise down for while between dirt but our ear drums are resettled but i think i am with a goofball he was on his own like guilty he did but uh... new he was up my uh... section i mean he was pretty funny the guys are just terrible you're kidding no in fact if he if he hangs out in your section of saturday tell me everybody wants you out of here something i want to get in this good i'm serious i have never i've been at almost every game at least when i'm in town and every game and i had more people coming up to maybe two interencing this guy's got to go you better rip him and ask we hate it i'm serious you better tell him to find a job he can handle okay with the circus would be good actually uh... no i mean i've seen the guy before i mean he's like the stand of comedy oh my he ought to be a lot of fall down comedy like i'm the balcony right on the misdemean uh... i'll be out of there pal thank you so much okay there's the guy that's going to get the job done for us to give you where that group all oh did they hate him today hate him right poisoned he's a jerk they kept saying there's screaming there were more animated about him than they were about the game and it was pretty boring games are gonna understand why except for my boy ray wittany nice going air ray we have an open line of brown five six seven five sixty pong five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line see that with five seconds left in the game last night wouldn't get to break away goes in there and only a great save by romantura to wreck whatever's name is romant in the gloman seriously that was a great chance there are amazing that even with a few seconds of that a chance to get back into that game as poorly as they didn't show up thanks again to shot work nice going shot a good guys in the game here's my amy hello on the other you know with all these stupid laws that are out there and all that stuff yeah there's more stupid laws why don't they make a law against tourists driving on the macArthur cars way taking photos of actors homes and all that on the island i'm sick of driving behind one of them at ten fifteen miles per hour and having them all around the open up the window to get a life would be good i mean who the hell cares about taking pictures of somebody's house they should all be shot there you go we'll go work on it okay we have an open line of day one in brown shoot them in the leg five six seven five six these end in here by the way oh my god shithon in the lake why haven't used that the whole thirteen and a half months we've been here however many months to the two long five six seven oh five sixty in pong five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line anybody know Brad Kramer anybody know ramaclay junior there at western fair in London on teriyo anybody know those guys no anybody know horses asked from their uh back home here's Miami hello you know yes sir you saw you said hey listen i call yesterday i was going on my honeymoon a daily yeah forget about the restaurant some have you ever been a Pompeii no you haven't been a Pompeii no i'm not you haven't no okay well listen my micronary blows until scacky sucks okay oh there i could love him initially passport control they'll say no that's right no that's what they'll say and of course in just about a line would you even understand what that means you can't come in we hear you knocking but you can't come in open line in brown two and date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the i would want to go to Pompeii if i want to see ancient ruins i go right up here in the street to see the circle throng with you man go up to street to circle k there's a common at circle k or is that quay as in to kiss that to kiss that if we got a city called to question how can it be to kiss that you can't you can't you can't keep changing back and forth and back and forth Celtic Celtic that's like spell and k q u u u or c a g which is a difference between espanyol and talyano course a time that's like a real language that those barbarians stole here's a lady in sunrise hello hi neo i'm i'm a long time with Sarah first time caller right i was home sick today and i read the sunset no article about the ban on the sex police right and i think that there were lots of worthy drives for all the people who've been affected by these hurricanes and central america but i really think the key is to do a bill that drive for all the ladies and out there and i'll start by doing a lot of new all right that's an actual idea think we're going to work on that yes and all idea and i'll start by donating mine too and i think we can get more than calling it i'm sure you get a whole box are they are they worn out not uh i think you know what i think i think you know i think that you know some as the store you know sunrise but they can't get it in uh i'll have that one and i'm sure yeah well thanks sweetheart keep an eye and we'll be working on excellent idea let's start a little bit drive now huntsville you know what that rhymes with don't you well we have an open line in uh brought to a date five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighty and t line see and it's amazing to me the uh they're repressed mentality of these people there are there are women in the audience who uh love that's right they don't read the sports section well you better take a look at it okay and all you fags too i mean we got a super star in this time we got a major major super star right here in Miami and they don't even know who they're like is they're busy taking it'll picture that Madonna talk about something that smells bad i mean talk about something that's old ancient rotten meat there you go and it's come back sliced alone thank god we're getting rid of him yo Adrian i mean a guy to connect his way out of a paper sack if you get in 30 million a movie if you get in two billion he's still connected like two seconds he's another mine fork another one of those things like Larry King so many state of mine things that are supposed to be good but it's just a goddamn state of mind all of these things i better make a gigantic list all of the height places all of the restaurants all of the actors and actresses and the TV talking heads that everybody rate like bomb bomb wall law can't speak towards cannot speak and illick and by the way she's from here all the Korean terrorist about anybody have a heart or a liver no since the world you've been home crying in my bed i turn up to you because it's in the NBA we'll rise the news of two one why don't you practice that to free throw a line and we could help the rocket help the human body help the rocket help the rocket help the rocket help the rocket help the rocket yeah it's the heart without my hate now you gotta bring what i did to the pan hell and be a man wash away the purple bag and hear a sentence of staying on the fan we'll rise the news of two high you can triple double if you try you gotta help the rocket help the human body can you double triple no can you uh yeah oh my god it's so sad 150 that's 550 WCM here's a fact by the way from somewhere queen out there i'm sure it says i love Brendan i'm on my knees with my mouth open with 80 to our summation point there you go see what shagged make a little progress here one on his person in the audience here the rest of our full of crap we have an open line in day one and brought five six seven oh five sixty five sixty on the AT&T wireless line there's a mobile in bokeh hello oh no how are you doing okay sir uh couple of things i want to bring you attention one i'm not sure if you knew it but uh with that OJ Simpson purchase of that memory bit of it was born at the LA corny county cornell so yeah yeah we litious right station the sponsor it got a whole to VJ Simpson M.A. started uh you know trying to give them some jobs about what they were doing and it was kind of ironic that OJ pointed out that the $16,000 that they had spent from God's money could have been put to helping feed clobus and how much people or A's research at which points the guy uttered a profanity and hung up was a pretty christian thing to do a kill for a call yeah yeah i'm not telling that kind of like he was doing them a lecture he called a bogey to kind of you know jive him about the fact that he was doing them a lecture and OJ turned around so that's great OJ about the money for that machete how well he could have used that for some good purposes too uh and the funerals and all those books how can we a china get OJ is giving them a lecture we have an overseas better get your uh ancene order okay i'm email fast open line and brought five six seven oh five sixty and five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line here's my me be chill out they know how to get up to me yes sir did you and uh hank work with mr. Larry came years ago uh hank dude i never worked with them oh you didn't i was on his video show a couple times that i would do you work and of course he ran around claiming credit for getting me on the year in his market when it was really bill-cultored a bit but uh as usual every school of cranks he takes uh he takes uh he gets a lot of credit for things you don't do right yeah and making it makes a lot of promises about getting people job that he never done he's just a bull crap artist that's all he's bull crap himself to five million dollars a year in his famous all over the world and he still a piece of crap right no and the interview he did hurt with with that bitch last night yeah you know let's too many people take a shot at a corner i guess you tuned in late you didn't hear the story from the europe post i did hurt a little bit about his life it's her sliced him and ass in fact the greatest thing ever seen my life is the picture uh uh with a catch in it scott king's picture there and underneath it says king pathetic all i can say is uh pathetic you all read that down here though there's still looking his ass down even only a left-handle even all those people had money and never paid it back by the way made about twenty or thirty different promises always gonna pay it back he's thinking about paying back of course a lot of those people are dead already did he ever pay back a dime no no he's only making five million year poor Larry still running around go ahead only for $10.00 hope and i did day to it broored five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-were this line here's coral spring silo yeah yeah you know it really makes me well what is that sir you know you're always talking about how european much of you this country yes imagine how they much of you it now in a country where you can buy a gun at seven eleven and buy a silver and our will be on right the excellent point i mean isn't that oh i know something when they find out when someone are doing with those uh guns that's what i was thinking you know my you know few frustrated women will be a little hard to live with that uh that's it right all right i just wanted to make that quick point god bless you sir okay well we're sure coming to a bitter end we've been through the long here for about what two three minutes and now all of a sudden coming to a real bitter end forty one minutes to go here on the Thursday is there any chance in hell then we're gonna actually a stick this thing out till two low five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-were this line probably all the huleos out there they got their hurled sports section in their hand can't tell you what they got in their other hand but i think i got an idea my decone here's my m-e hello yes sir my there's a guy to head to material right see what i mean about that monkey see monkey do i got nothing to say i got no material we got two calls on the board bad it'd be real bad five six seven oh five sixty come on let's hear about Roger Clemens and that big tub uh David Wells come on they're fat they smell better than judge or treatment we're not positive that but just common sense with dictate they do i you know i see i don't understand if somebody was all the people that i worked with were running around publicly saying you know how bad i smell don't you think i would do something about it i mean like even like a yearly bath just uh there's got to be an embarrassment fact it doesn't air you think you would think rhymes with stink but evidently not in this case by the way how's roll here's a mobile in Miami hello hello yes how are you today okay i went to do king that are rocky you went to one who came in a version in Pittsburgh yes and let me tell you years ago yeah that was in nineteen eighty one eighty two yeah man you know and let me tell you something we all look like democracy it is you know this guy looks like a normal part of it looks like he's from Florida looks like a normal person i mean not a normal person like a damn good looking guy to me with a body that uh even Jesus would kill for yeah but listen i want to tell you something what i'm doing three words and in Puerto Rican Spanish for money go okay you got money go which is the harshest one okay money go money go me now i'm gonna go men there's not a money now i'm not know but i'll frame me now i'm a now is like a second yes what yeah but i'm not framing out and then there's my favorite body full body full means you're a hell of a fact yeah somebody messes with you i'm a little bit of a paparito parito parito parito and it's better like a parito or something like a parito or a parito or a human parito but parito is a better one parito. grab it grab it nearly okay we have an open line in day one in broad five six seven five sixty and five sixty on the eighty wireless line maybe so you'll tell us what pompino means in italiano i think monoconos here's my any hello yes sir another who do all right yeah my decon my money call it a two you're being a money call them the rest of all who you well yeah i'm not so sure yeah well uh we'll have a we'll have a monoconov and my decon uh fair down here in in little howana we're gonna give uh each each packet we're gonna give you a shotgun right up the butt yeah well you might enjoy so everybody have a good time yeah well say how do you know say how do you roll those horses we have an open line in day five six seven two what i'm saying it's an obsession it's like i mean thank god that we're here if we're for all so like real monoconos what they'll would these uh it closet people do tremendously frustrating just uh anguish about the whole damn thing here's a mobile info lottery hello hey uh good afternoon yes sir uh well why is everybody so uh freaked out about the american colonies around here i don't know it's a lot of american colonies there's a lot of less bulls there's a lot of them cubanol they see that's it's that's it's out of them and they're very upset about that oh we're gonna get in poppett very uh pitong you know i got two things in my army that's great that ain't soft blood the weather and and the hoochie koochi girls yeah i'm serious that's the best thing because this is a bush league town yes sir you put you down and uh the driving here is here even the governor of the state is bush uh that wasn't true true well god bless you sir did like i bless we'll need it okay two open lines in day five six seven oh five sixty oh god bless you and pound five sixty on the 18 t wireless line we got open lines in palm beach in four mires in uh okalusa we got open lines in Orlando we got on the audio net all over the world christ if we had a day and a number for the audio net and for the west coast we'd never have to be sure to call we'd be getting calls from all over to god damn place is that if we're gonna happen here no because they're god damn cheap that's why because they're cheap now worry foxes up there and we like royal lot he's making about three 400 grand years pulling down for being the face man for going around and doing a little PR saying hey i used to play for the dolphin you know i think what they had to do is make royal have him do some spots you know to earn his living for all that what's he making six seven hundred thousand year we heard today hand in me court some he's got a pretty good voice on here i like him on those spots don't you or he says hi this is roor yeah i mean he's better than lending martes and robert a great him reaper any little bit uh okay let's go to a lady mobile in in Oakland park hello hi me yeah yeah man so lady collar you're not doing anything away so that's my what a call last great what a great start uh a long time listener to give you up in the morning with your Neil Neil but we won't go there i thought of you i was in the bank and the one color was with the other to her she said i can't find the walkie and she was looking through a book and i jokingly said it was constant and she goes she looked at me she goes no walkie can elince lightning um and i said i looked at her because i thought she was like looking for a piece of paper that's of Milwaukee I think she had too many dinners with Jeffrey Dahmer and then the other color looked there and she goes no maim it's in it's just south of Chicago it's in Illinois and there aren't doing this with Illinois well I'll say Chicago huh right so i thought of you when i was like a product of our education system you know that you wait for me up in the morning yeah yeah oh there's my soul bonus for you so i would say it may be sick of you that i'm sitting at the bank button and they are doing that Milwaukee's in Illinois welcome to Florida sweetheart and have a great day bye wow it just isn't amazing i mean you can be fairly dumb like me and you walk around while you're in Florida and you think you're pretty smart slow-ridden dumb as dirt you can be like middle age you can be aging like me you still like you look around you feel pretty young you can be 90 important feel pretty young that's the best part better how old you are you're still like under the median demographic of death this is cheap Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Rogers and keeping up with the current social trend reality toy company has introduced its new gang banger Barbie gang banger Barbie comes in your favorite gang colors start your collection with shunain a Barbie crack hole friend and her pink boyfriend ice puffy mac daddy can you be gang banger Barbie accessories include a cat-like elder arrow for those late night drive by shootings a rival gang and innocent by standards it's fun for the whole dysfunctional family get it today once or two one and five sixty w two a.m. so Joe Cox always just in here i held up the a herald sports exercise that hey Joe take a look at this picture is being a very heterosexual guy that you are and they're just answered this honestly would you like to look like Brendan Barmer here this a bottle of muscle building a swimming a whatever this guy is a dukein and he said no and I said okay we have an open a little bit too much definition there okay a little less a ripple is what he wants okay little more grandma boon less ripple five six seven oh five oh by the way here's a facts from Jim and sunrise is getting chronic and steal a my material but it is true near Alex penis in the date county gives new meaning of the term circle jerk good point Jim but you're getting chronic also burn it it remember burn it at Arnold Wayne's ex-wife chesens me were in a about how her dad was a student counselor 200 years ago at Palmetto high there you go Palmetto high we're gonna put them on a mat oh I must be a pretty good school don't you think Palmetto will see in your high anybody know about that if it's a good school yeah I think so I think they got an IQ larger than the thumbnail size down here and their teachers don't actually know questions here's a mobile and cruel spring hello yes sir yes yes hello let me try one more time last time yes speak to me sir yeah I was a glad to see Terry Carcher not no lineup last night yeah were you yes but but I'm not not in not having Peter Ratsok in your decade is is not ready for prime time nobody's better than Carcher no wrong I think so well I'm glad you do have a nice day wrong absolutely correct sir wrong two open lines in Broward 560 560 560 on the 1821 I'm talking on my lunch now but it sure is great from Chuck at the sub center across the street on a quarter of 441 live theory road the sub center where we have eaten just tons and tons of great delicious food over the last 13 months and we can't check thank Chuck and E.C. and all those people over there not it's great everything they got over there they use the best stuff the best meats and the best shallows you're the best everything fantastic and these needsy balls thanks N.C. that's from everybody here small white guys here is a four-later nail hello hey Neil yes sir you're really a full-guards around there to feed those in North Miami and place awesome long time ago yeah that's one of the handspots is by the way all right I'm sorry I'm sorry listen to them get ready back or a bit here a couple months any advice for a first time buyer what do you mean by that well what do I want out don't buy a 97 no I'm gonna buy a 77 oh I'm looking I just want I want you burn you know me yeah any any advice you're any problem you've ever had a 77 if ever any problems well I mean you can have problems with anything I know 77 you're buying you know a card that's 22 years old and you're a car beautiful car just a drive around like I held a lot before you buy and before you ripped off you got it when you buy other people's problems pal just keep in the back of your mind okay why were you going to come for the worst get you 99 okay 99 Corvette best car of ever driven in my life oh is it a car wow 97 don't buy no 97 okay because that was the first year they changed and people warned me out I got to be problems and recalls and you were right here's color red chillo hey Neil yes sir there are sexual nail I saw the you're the one we had a straight list right excuse me I saw that picture and the in the Harold yeah I I had done doing and I didn't ask you does it turn you on I'm just trying to let me finish my story yes okay we believe what I'm telling you if I were to convert it would be for you Neil you were so sexy you know you're just that dog great thanks open line day 560 560 560 muddy cone okay you're not pulling me muddy cone text one no one you're a fan pal here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hi Neil yes sir there is no muddy cone I think you about they're all here they're all on a little of Anna that's right in South Beach thank you sir excellent point two open lines in the day one in Broward 560 we keep prop problem here but I don't care I got a great lunch hmm thanks Chuck it's made my day made life worth living today plus seeing that picture in the paper this morning we had one young lady one old lady it calls that but you know no of course not that's what I'm saying this is such a dead ass town you try to like lighten them up a little bit have a little fun with them is it possible no they're worried about Roger Clemens and that's fat David Wells that's what they're worried about that's the audience on this return in radio oh gee what are we gonna do we're all upset are our intestines are like twisted inside out we're so we don't know what to do how about finding a life that would be a good start how about getting in a real world okay how about getting out of your little league mentality getting out of your little balls in bats mentality and getting into the big balls mentality like in a real world okay like a real human being here's a mobile and cake coral hello yeah and yeah yes I was just thinking they're looking at you can find a yeah and they're hanging we might be able to sell them up there now and that they can make a four-tap hell of a hell yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so that's far out of load uh huh excellent point isn't that well let me know when you open up a lot of buy some stock open line in date five six seven oh five sixty and pomp five sixty on the AT&T wireless line who you're screaming at now see your gear engaging some jackass which wanted to give his number huh who is it who was it what he doing let's add a little spice to this thing find out I'm here and you say uh you know all the stuff who the oh asshole he's in love with you though doing what which real party that was on the air some other rejects what is it what is he what he's got a problem with you oh because I want to talk to you to be another who the a faggot he's a who the olfaggot I'm sorry I'm getting redunded again yeah three oh five is there anything different than a who the olfaggot no 305 262 262 1700 17 number well very very good work this time very very bored is looking for some friends maybe you find the boyfriend you got a lot of uh a maricone is on his show 262 1700 in the 305 erico you got like a holio maricone great ah there's so many holio maricone is in the magic city though huh man they're all over the place they're just a slabber and all over twenty three you have counted that's gonna go on the air through these paper thin walls he's going you started out the regular guy who joined the director and made me ultimate sacrifice and raising celebration for us i'm at ruined of Then the Vatican says, everyone ought, and he didn't have to go to jail. Father O2. Hey, man. But, holy food. But, but, father O2. Father O2. Father O2. Father O2. They sent him to a three-through-treet where they jimbed you flexed and drained. If it was you, for it was made like a couple of buildings he's away. Father O2. And then, but, holy food. Father O2. Father O2. Father O2. And then, but, holy food. Holy food. Father O2. 645. Oblastimon O2. He<|it|>s the human. 1. буду. You see that? Okay, well, did you see him then? Hello. My god. He's not being able to work with. See, he'll ride you as we grab money calls. All right, which is glasses, coming from U.S. take that as a high compliment. Not. Okay, we have an open line in date one and see, we finally, we're starting to get some of these people calling in. I'll cause we got something we can talk about. Money calling, money calling there. Thank you by the way that guy that called and started this a few days ago. Money calling. See, you got the R.H. Spanish speaking people in on a program now. Something they can relate to, a little bit of conversation that they talk about incessantly. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hey, uh, yes sir. Yeah, um, what did I tell you so I thought to get that idea for the, that EMD in circle down there and downtown Miami? Yes sir. Why don't they just go ahead and go right on top of it and make the, they make the first floor kind of like a little museum and put all the little things they find in there. That way, don't have to turn it down. There you go, that makes too much sense. Yeah. Well, they could just make like the bottom floor, can be like glass, you know, you look at that. I will. You saw the file. These diffuser again all crazy down there about not building over that when the city is going broken. They need that money anyway. Right. Um, so it can't call somebody to do this right? Yes sir. Uh, why not on Charlie? You got to do this right? Okay. God bless you. Okay. We have an open line of data. There's all kinds of ways. They mean they could really move it, you know, just like they move other artifacts into the New York Museum of Natural Science. They move these dinosaur remains. I mean, you can move all sorts of things when you talk in stones and bones and teeth. You know, the important stuff. But no, they don't want to do that because, uh, hey, this is an ancient burial ground and the mayor wants to find some real big some events that he can jump on and make a political hay from. Because, you know, we don't think that we have no problems in this town. Yeah. We got a few of these kind of problems. And now that we got that scumbag from the motel, we got him and jail. And that's the worry about right? Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Amy, how are you doing? Great. About the sound of amethon, you say always, and I've heard you for years, say, you know, people don't care until it's in their own backyard. Well, it's in their own, uh, between their own legs. Well, in sunrise, it's now between their own legs. I don't know if you've heard about this sign ordinance. We don't have to sign police and sunrise. You mean the neon thing? Yeah. Yeah. And the funniest thing about it is is that at the meeting, I don't know if you've heard about the comments that Pat Soleno made. No. The comments that Pat Soleno made to the business people is we are an upscale upper class town. Now that we had this arena and we need to project a better image. And if the business owners don't like it. Oh, I wonder. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we story. If they don't like it, they can get out exactly. So I didn't have much response on that. I had a couple of people call in who are in business up there and they're following it. The mother bought it as they well should be in Pat Soleno wants to be a little Nazi. Well, it would seem to me that Nazis and sunrise, uh, don't fit into well. Well, the first sign may ought to take down is the one on the sawgrass. You're right. Exactly. I'm not name out of material. Thank you. Pat Soleno drive my ass. Yeah. That's right. But hey, they don't care about that. Let's say it. That's one good thing about America. You don't have to worry about you. Some violent revolution because when it comes to take over the country, everybody just sit back and say, OK, go ahead. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Who is this woman? You can talk about what woman is in. Madeline Cohen. See all of you. Yeah. No, no, no. Is this beautiful retard? Retard, retardo, retardo, retardo, retardo, retardo, get the butterfly in it. Retardo, you want us to screen the calls. Are you out of your mind, sir? We wouldn't be able to listen to that stuff. That's a great public service that we perform here on a show is by a learning of the fact that people like this are out there. They're out there. They're on a loose. See, it's loyemys, by the way, asshole. Here's a derail. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I am a wholio that graduated from Christopher Columbus High School. Well, we don't want to get in that. And that was an alter about that. And that was an alter about elementary. There's no fact in the church. Poor Columbus High, right? Always laughing now. Oh, God. Oh, we, we, we, we, we approached where you touched where you like a fondled man. Let me tell you a little story. One time I was caught making out my girlfriend, and I was a girl from Napedgrade in the bushes. Yeah. The priest called me to his office and was jealous of his hell, right? And he tried to kiss me. No, I'm just kidding. What a waste. He told me that, uh, there's a fact in the church. Yeah. He started off by that saying that he was once a boy of my age, and he knew what I was going through, but uh, school's not the place for. Right. Maybe he could give you a helping hand. Yeah. And then he gave me the bread. And did you tell him, don't give me no lip? Exactly. Okay. Fabeless. So what was that priest? Maddy, come on. There you go. That's it. This Sunday, all you suckers that keep going to church, your parents' ragged and church, when your priest comes around with it, whatever he's coming around. Just yell, Maddy, come on. And he'll go, uh, so what's your point? That's what I'll say. Well, listen, when you go to church, aren't you supposed to get on your knees? Uh-huh. Good practice. Practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice, practice. We have an open line of day five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. It's 11 till two with QAM. And it's just unbelievably humeralist, vessel at the desperate place. And the station name Archita by the way. Yeah, but we always got raw. Fall back on. Because he's out there selling up a store, man. He's out there doing it. See out there selling up a store? No. Are the salespeople psychotic? Yes. Nice, memo is grand. We've seen him at all today, by the way. Once he hit them more. No.