Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lotto del Presents the Neil Bosnian You know it's hot to Neil call 565 560 toll free in Miami It's proud to have five six and your softball the opinions of Neil his guests colors Or anyone else on the shows? You know not only reflect those of WQAM Please read acquisitions over the measly broadcast routes now Neil Rogers on sports radio 560 You hate out don't take any bulls shit on them Hi boys and you're here today. We have a special treat for you with all the talk about the way how skinned Outsider is former White House intern who the summer like to be hi Barney. Let's take a question from the kitty That sounds great Barney. 50 you got a question for Susie. What what is it for ratio? That's easy, Miss Steve. It's one of one pleasures in Ann Orley. I'll show you what this kill boss is Wow, that's not bad, do you think here? I'll show you a Jurassic kill boss That's great Barney. I just happened to bring my knee pads Did that boy's in girls Well Big and purple. That's me Oh, that's all the time Barney Which I wasn't worth the fact I just discovered man the timing is great nice going Neil. Thank you That purple is a fat color did we know that? No, no That's what you recall. Well says just moments before we came on here this morning They got a story on CNN which I had heard the rummings of this yesterday but not the details See they tried Jerry Falwell tried to Jews a couple of weeks ago that didn't work out to the No, didn't go over to big. He had to retract and backtrack and take some of the words back and stuff him in his back Go so now this week he's back to the safe old ground. Let's pick on the phag's again And they just had the story on that tele-tubbies according to Jerry Falwell is promoting a whole more sexuality because Tiki wiki is that it and I get never I know it is Tinky winky you write the first asshole See you do a half-awriest day and right away you're an expert. Okay. I heard him just say it with my own four years. Okay, Tinky winky Not related to winky thinking you they used to be with Jackbury how Jackbury doing anybody seen him lately But at any rate the Tinky winky from tele-tubbies is purple and Jerry Falwell So he's got the body of a boy, but the voice of a girl kind of like yelty and carries a little purse and he's purple Which is a homosexual color now you notice the color the shirt that I'm wearing today? Oh, oh part of the plot Purple. I mean as purple is a great which I didn't it wasn't even aware this is gonna come up It wasn't gonna pop up Hey, I know No, seriously, I can't believe that so Barney the dinosaur he must be a phag too. Oh, a gate gate a sewer How do you like that Jerry Falwell it didn't work with the juice? So let's go back to the safe old Stomping ground again. Let's stop on some gaze today. I just go in there Jerry So who's the gay lover? Did see your poem. I don't see I don't know that show did see your poem I don't know anything about the tele-tubbies it's for My daughter's preschoolers. So why are you watching it? Oh because Lala was doing the secret dance yesterday That was that one of the swingers clubs you were talking about yesterday You know you made that so boring. I mean it was I have far with fine, but you made the whole thing sound so on a peeling That I don't even understand why anybody would want to go there. Yeah, the talk this morning was way more interesting All that bull crap about wow, you know nobody's touching anybody in there. Well, then who do I want that? Unless you want them what you didn't say that try to sanitize it too much Which we don't want to be that because if we sanitize it too much then 10 Jenny won't be appealing See this I want everyone know one thing about Ken Jenny right now Even asshole you already knew that a few weeks ago when you tried the crap of the sun cruise Which now they're going after that guy and other stuff but nevertheless when they tried with a gambling Ships and he's putting on the big show and they're calling the TV people in there and then they want to put egg on your post because the judge said you're wrong This was totally unacceptable what she did and your procedures were totally In violation of the law and bring it back there slot machines and cut the crap So now they go after the guy in other ways and they'll just keep they'll just keep going after him and going after him to like in You know just store his ass and the rest of him too But Ken Jenny evidently which I have an or follow local politics because there isn't any but evidently he's got asked Polations for higher ought like they're going to do a strong mayor in Broward or they're talking about it like you didn't date with Mayor penis And so he's not satisfied with just being the sheriff he wants to be like the dictator Which he's got a real good start on the first part And so just like most cheriffs we've had in the 20-some years i been in town he's another even an asshole right Just like it's stack and Bob butterworth got to do all that real right wing stuff You know I got to go after all the sex clubs in the adult bookstore all the same old tyrants stuff He haven't only doesn't have a TV set Because I guess he's a little bit behind in the times in the behind And he's not paying attention all this Monica gait and penis gate which overwhelming the public says who cares? Let's get out with something important and you know cut the garbage get out of the president's pantalones So that's why Ken Jenny is doing all this stuff for the swing clubs and and it was interesting because you never told me that He had people calling out the areas today I'm sorry who were terrified to go on here because he's got all ping in their pants Nice gone Ken Jenny there you go Oh there's no crime take out there's no serious crime in trial. We're not worried about that worried about people losing their money on those cruise ships There's somebody's dragon in there and there's those somebody's dragon into the swing clubs Maybe he was psychic maybe he knew about this sex study that was coming up maybe he's worried that all these Narodic Americans who just can't get it off and get it up in the do anything that they're gonna be You know seeking other kinds of pleasures like in swing clubs God forbid where people pay 75 bucks a year for membership? No, that's a night for admission depending on you. Well how much do you pay for membership? I don't know like a hundred and so Like how do you like that so in other words? I have to pay a hefty amount to go in there with other adults consenting adults and in addition Which is not an residential neighborhood and on top of that there's a little or nothing go on in a front part You have to go behind the closed doors where people like you know go in and behind the dark doors there Do whatever they want to do signs posted right which is ain't nobody's business A very dignified kind of operation for adults who want to be adults so with other adults Which is nobody's business Ken Jenny you're an asshole you're another fascist just what we need in Broward County was another guy They're fascist I want to think about Broward politics it makes no difference if they're a Democrat or they're a Republican or no matter what the party is in the label is It's always paddling that that's same the end of the all doctor Kennedy a Crowbridge press material Inchurch constipated anti sexual mentality And it will never ever change not in our lifetime because that's uh that's the Broward effin way I guess Sex no fun for many US adult study finds 15% of the men by the way and 30% of the women at study say they don't even have any interest in sex You know what I call that? Clinically dead Even the Pope says you never too old or too young to have a good time What he says Okay, we'll get back to that first of all. I got a one or two great stories for you By the way the doctor says I'll live he says we'll take another few days to get that damn Adelaide out of my system Dr. Pasco and Yac over there to Cleveland, Tonekese great guy doctor Good Niac at least so far so far so good he said I'll do But at any rate so yesterday I took off because you know I hate to break the news to some of the punks that we have working around here Who are empowered by the general manager to be as punky as they want to be and try to boss people around and be big shots See sit you're right about Sam here's a big shot, but they forgot to dot the eye in the shot As in this right as in full of and big Anything else you any it were also want to use it. We guard to him Sam a douchebag a production and a promotion's man yesterday I'm leaving here to go to the doctor You know it's not like we're trying to pull a fast one here yesterday Didn't I mention all during the show that you were gonna do the last half hour and I was gonna go to the doctor because he could only see me before Certain time and I was gonna go in the figure out what that was going on with me and with his ad-lats stuff and with the Sentinels not completely going away because my health is a little bit more important than doing the last 25 minutes or something of a show Okay, I know that comes to the great shock to a little punk like Sam But anyways, I go down to the car in a parking lot yesterday and who do I see on a way out? They're saying the sham our promotions man, which is a real joke And I waved to him and he waves to me and I get in the car and I you know on my way up to Cyprus Creek Road Come in this morning and George tells me that while he was on a year Santa promotions man who is like partners in crime with a nephew Reg reads nephew See you have to understand this is all like I've told you before a part of the same family if you're part of the fans like the coli owners If you're in on the family then you're on the end then you're okay But if you're outside the family then no matter what it is that you do you're still like kind of the enemy you're the evil one Us down here, especially make no mistake about that. We'll be outside as we're the bad guys Even though they're having that big party night by the way All new people on your feet loaders. They're gonna be sucking up the free food and booze tonight in my name It's the new Rogers rating party they're calling the QA Amrading party But it's really been the Rogers rating party So anyway, Sam the sham our promotions man who's supposed to be taking care of promotions Which quite frankly we really don't have any going on now as heck is always saying and he's right Calls up Joe Costello who's running the board while George is doing his half-away yesterday and says where's Neil? Where did he go? And Joseph I guess to the doctor or something yeah, and he says and George is doing the show and then Joseph's yeah And Sam says here I want you to strap yourselves in boys and girls one of the great lines in the history of the human race Sam says does does nothing about this? Now, Duffa was out on jury yesterday of course, or really didn't there was a mood point didn't make any difference But I mean just want you to stop and think about this We're pulling a fast one I've been in Brady or longer than this punk has been alive I hate to break the news to him okay a lot longer than he's been alive George not only does his job But a lot of other people's jobs and those what he's supposed to do and does it But we need to have some little punwacker who's like again empowered by the general manager because he's like part of that little inner circle there of four or five people He's checking up on us That's right. He's checking up on his baby. We're trying to pull a fast one I'm trying to get off a half an hour man. Oh man. You know that half-away didn't even wonder's go if I look at the nice oh and you know What's the color of that mark on my arm? They should adopt your place the color of my arm the same color as your shirt purple That's right because they took blood yesterday and boy did she butcher me up or what they're now? I love the Cleveland clinic But boy did she I have I'm head blood taken what 25 million times in my life and What's it a while you'll be out of there'll make a bad stab you have like a little well, you know This is like unbelievable purple at jury follows probably suspect about he knows what that is 10 minutes after 10 is five sixty WQM your kindergarten station for the 90s. Okay It's a laughing gal my dad I go water All right Super happened •Who'll watch in like order? talking about how bunch of feeling ninety five murderer Reel when sangre with a bullet under this Office of the screen came as partner, and business Engineering to stayuyting his bloom it's enjoying more threaten them better life Oh my, woo, we'll have more distales coming up at 5.30. He pulled them from the stores because they sold their tea. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They first all the time. I've had heard the album and he was a Paul. He said, thank you, Janet Reno. Oh, I'm glad that you're called. We got some take on fans. I'll guess it's 30. Rime? Besides, it's really close to elections time. His brow were judged, friends, that I will not fail y'all. He'll censor any mention of Janet failed y'all. Oh, they're selling fish to kids going through to vertice. The two lives crew. Yes, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so, so, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. He can drop a butt. So, he had guts. So, most of the people said that die is a punch. He rid the land of that noise delusion. Even though it went against the constitution and what did Lusou during all of this job? So, 10,000 more copies at 1295. People on a brand-new Mercedes. It's really hurt to drive into the bank because he's so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, they're so dirty. So, so dirty. Oh, they're so dirty. They curse all the time. Oh, you know, even you got stuck in that dirty stuff as they used that word and talking about some of the stuff that's going in the back of that place behind the doors, you know, a dirty stuff going on. You said, well, quotes around it though. Well, well, what do, no, there were no quotes, somebody said there's a lot of dirty stuff going on there. Why would anybody in their right mind ever used the word dirty? And regardless of the way sexual acts of any kind. Well, dirty isn't a dirty word to me. See, the only thing that I can think of that to dirty is like, back home, that's dirty. Which you're meant to and I'm not. But I mean, the human, back home is, I mean, taking out that dirty. Okay, that's not a clean pleasant. I mean, under any sense, under the best of the most sanitary, the most disastrous of situations taking out is not a cleansing expel in some ways, I guess. Not clean and dirty. If you have a debate, it's clean. And maybe that's why so many Americans are uptight and not, they don't want sex, they're not enjoying it. They can't do what they can't get it up. They can't, maybe that's why flag was making so much money for a Pfizer. Because there's so much of this religious neurosis. They got, well, I don't know, they got neurosis of the liver. That's the problem, neurosis of the organ. Because they've been brainwashed and conditioned because, let's face it, most of the image of religions that could never continue to exist. If they told you, well, sex isn't dirty, it's just like, you know, like a other, like sneezing, like an other natural thing you do. Oh, my God, what have this gutt and concept that is. If it's a sexual act, a sexual act must be dirty. Unless, of course, it's the Pope that's got his hands on you. I think you can call from Virginia key, hello. I'll go to hell, I had to call you after I saw the fall of a story. Yes? You know, I find an ironic, I know that you... I thought if you wore green on Thursday that made you get and realized that purple made me a fag. Well, you know, it's funny that he says that because I grew up in the Episophil church. And all the other, and there just no fags there either by the way. I'm sure of that. But ironically enough, during lantern Christmas time, guess what, Christian priests were? Did they say can that be length? Yes? They were a purple. Oh, my God. They were fags in the church. They were purple fagions, purple and green fagions for the way. So, you know, that means that there's a lot of... Maybe maybe they're trying to come out, maybe it's like a similar. They're reaching out to us and trying to give us a message. Yep. I don't think I want to call you about it. Really? That's where that song came from. The purple people, leaders? Yeah. And the other boys too. Right. Anyway, the other thing that caused you about was the transmitter, the guy was telling about yesterday the transmiss on FM. You can buy those for CD players. And they saw me in an Easter for 1995. Probably didn't see, like you said, the headphone jack. And transmitted to a select band. You can set it on the box, what band you want, like the low end, 88 to 90 or the high end. Yeah, setting on your box. Right. Now, when you can transmit anything you want over FM, AM or CD or even a walk-man tape tape. But it's not going to sound any better on FM though. If it's if you're like transmitting AM, you want to hear FM. It's just that it'll come in. No, I don't understand this point because again, you can buy them for $19 anywhere. And I didn't understand why if you'd already pick it up on AM, why you transmit it. What he was saying is that if you couldn't pick it up in a certain place, like maybe you could sit or radio outside on the window, or sit or on a patty or somewhere. Okay. Who's coming in clearly? And then hook it up to this thing. And then inside, you could hear it on the FM. Come to get a new radio. I mean, your signal's pretty strong. Inside? Well, I don't have a problem. I'm going to sit and don't. Really? Well, thank you. I have a reaction in 1981. I'm looking at everything you're building. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. So there you go. You need to get an AC man building. Is what you need. Anybody out there weren't purple? Not anymore. No. No. Not in thanks though. They're in fact there are people like to walk around almost naked now, because they weren't purple as one till I heard about ticky winking. I mean, is this this sign of a really twisted sick mind? Everything is a plot. It's a Jewish plot. It's a homosexual plot. It's a plot to convert the work. He's the one that's trying to convert everybody because he wants their money. But it's an evil plot. Tinky winking. And that's why he's got that high squeaky voice. I don't know any comic book or cartoon characters that have like deep voices. They all have high squeaky voices. That's my point. Mickey Mouse always had like when Walt Disney originally used to do the voice all the time. It's kind of tough for now. But had a high squeaky voice was Walt Disney. No. Why? That's why I forgot about that. It all was Disney people. Disney landed Disney world and all the people are worth their good point. Excellent point. You see how you can tie all these things together. What a wicked tale we weave when Mickey's wagon it. And a tale too. Every cartoon character I ever seen has got a high squeaky voice. Maybe a Fred Flintstone has got a low or a record. But he's not like a little thing like an adult cartoon character. Aren't thinking in winking supposed to be like little kids. Yeah. Little kids. The little tell of Tubby kids in a cartoon. So I'm actually speaking like Gellby. I mean just because Gellby's got a squeaky voice. Is that making him gay? No. Not from all over here. Not from the 80 or 90 chicks he's growing every night. So you know, it doesn't seem to work in his case. I mean, we're talking about a sick man. We're talking about and people are still sitting in their money. We're talking about an absolutely neurotic sick prophetic man. We'll go to any lengths and make any kind of exaggerations to create hatred in his theory. I mean, the thing with a juicer couple of weeks ago, he had a backtrack yet or one like a son of a bitch because it was so embarrassing. But this thing, of course, because we're used to be all of this. You know, being the target of religious bull crap. All of us, thanks. So this will just continue falling on ears that are just, There's more of that crap again, you know. The teletubbies are promoting homosexuality. God. Here's coconut creek, yellow. Coconut creek. Let's try it again. We're pressing the button. Hello. I must have light fingers on that hand. Yes, sir. I hope you had light fingers. Yes. I like that. Thank you. Just for the life of show. And just remember that the plural of plot is plot. I want to just reload. I follow. Makes me want to plot a quick story about Ken Jenny. He was 15 more than 15 years ago. Yeah. The laughing stock of the Broward County Courthouse. This guy had a police radio in his car. Used to chase anything. Any time a police call came in, this guy was on the road trying to chase it. And he still is sick as he ever was. I thought maybe he grew up but impossible. No, no, and he like I said, he's evidently not reading newspapers or watching TV. He doesn't realize that this super moralizing crap went out with Nick or some high button shoes and the people are not in the mood for that crap anymore. He's perfect. He should become kind of stars as a system. You know, who'd be a perfect Don Tray for him? I must be kind of embarrassing him that there were four Broward's finest in there and playing clothes in the US when Clevver was ready to be of the night. Whether I want to make sure that these things are going on. Yeah, right. Just like when they pick up the hookers on this game, they want to make sure that they're not really worth it. Yeah, they want to keep the hand in. Right. Okay. Have a great day. I'll change the clothing people are starting to talk. That's our poll question today. What color shirt? What color pantalones? What color dress? What color after did the lesbians wear? Purple is a gay color recorded jury fallwell. And seriously, just a coincidence, I got all those different color shirts for that. Could have picked anyone out of the closet this morning out of that closet that's older with clothing and no people. And I picked a purple shirt and I come in here. I'm sitting in Washington CNN and there's the lovely Bill Hummer with the story there. It about just before 10 o'clock with all the update with all the details about Jerry Falwell and the Tiki Winky. And his little purse. I mean, a queen carries the little purse. Does that make her a die? No. What I'm reading that book about the oral family. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Two topics. The Westminster dog show and the closing of the weekly gardens. Yes. Did you watch the dog show? No, I don't watch the dog show. They had one little dogs on CNN this morning. I can't handle those people. Yeah. One of them had a huge dump right in front of the judge. It was our first time at a time. Excellent. We're going to check the texture of everything. We're going to be a middle on the other side. But the judge of the female judge was a ribbon on it. We're going up to turn up for the closing of the gardens on Saturday. Yes. And the opening of the air Canada down the street about 10 blocks. 10 blocks. Yeah. It's done a lot more than 10 blocks. I know exactly where it is. I was by there two weekend. I know exactly where it was. On the corner bay and front or. Yeah, but it's way down or by the by the sky. To the to the left of the sky. All right. Are you going up? I'm going to be ready to be able to get near there if you don't already have tickets. We have tickets. My son and I can't I was reading a couple of weeks ago. What the scalpers are going to be sung those tickets for. But before this is like a major event. Probably a thousand five hundred. Yeah, at least a lot more than that 500. I think two grand. Well, at least Bob Bob and Harry will televised it on. Right. I'll be watching to be. In fact, I got I'm glad you mentioned that Thursday night tomorrow night seven o'clock. If you got the big dish. CBC's got a special on the history Maple Leaf Gardens. Can you tell us a New y'all. Is it Scott? He's great. And also before, seeing the Astronauts, Hockey night and Canada starts early. A newshold six o'clock Saturday. Throughout beliefs and people want to see the big. I've got a. I've got a 400 page book here by advertisers. between the world, me knowing you were talking about this last night. I'm going to be recreating, there're going to have a big laser show. computer. Right. How do you like that? I love it. Have a good time, eh? Thank you, Neil. See ya. Snowbody reposes you more. That's your sangat special sight. No, no, no, no. My heart is broken when I asked you I just said I'd know. Now, please don't. www.31 Pres. Dr. Poskin-Yama I feel a lot better today. Thank God for Dr. Paskin. How to call for my close friend, Rumeria. I don't mention me on a year, so I won't mention the Rumer call me yesterday. And we kissed him made up on the phone. He was like I told you, looking is wound. He's also a little under the weather. He said his problems like life. But anyway, thank God for having a doctor that at least today. Mark it on your counter for more of the tenth. At least today, I got an idea that this, and by the way, since the Cleveland Clinic course, they take care of all the panther players. While he's examining me into another stuff, we're talking hockey. So at least I found somebody in town other than Rumer, that I can talk hockey too. Yeah, I'm coming back from the doctor yesterday from the clinic, and Hank has got Denise pot pan on it. I'm going to tell you something. This, what this man knows about. I mean, he was a great, he's a Hall of Flamer, he was a great defenseman. But that doesn't mean he can talk about it. See, this is part of that whole mentality of the Jockocracy because somebody played a game. Therefore, there were broadcasts, number one and number two. They can transmit information. Can he do that? No, either one of the above? No, not at all. Not the least bit. In fact, the most interesting thing that he said when he was on at least the part that I heard when he was driving home, I was driving home from the clinic yesterday. Was, where the hell is it, God damn it? A lot of hooks to his ears. That's the most interesting thing he said. He has no insight. He has nothing to tell us. And I heard Hank pumping those numbers and pumping those numbers. That proves to me beyond a shadow about there is no, there are no hockey callers in this town. Number a couple of calls that I heard that were like largely reasonable questions. And did he have any response that made any sense? No. I was going to say, I mean, he'll sit there just because you'll play it again. Doesn't mean you can sit there and watch it. And really even understand what's going on in front of your face. Does he understand? No. Not at all. That's what I'm hearing. And then, of course, the people of the Sun sent a lot, also don't understand. Because there's an editorial, this is in the editorial page. The second editorial in the Sun Sentinel, boy, there really is a script about setting an editorial about Ken Jenny and what an asshole he is. And how we've got the pleasure police out of control and broward again, since the Sun Sentinel is primarily a broward county newspaper. What do we got in editorial about? It says, Brueh's big bucks hockey deal, good and bad news to repent to fans. And it goes on about how great he is. Well, the privilege of watching the Russian rocket perform, but all this money that we're going to be paying him and Yadiyadiyati. And that's what I said when so on and Wayne had to put all his money up. But then it goes on and I asked him, if this is like a call I had yesterday. And Hank was right on target, even though Hank will admit he knows a little about hockey. But he had a very good, he made a very good point. And that is that these people trying to compare Gary Sheffield with Pavel Brueh. Well, what is the point? If you want to compare Pavel Brueh with Mark McWyer or Sammy Sosa, then there's some parallel there and talk about in terms of the money that he's being paid. So the last two paragraphs of this stupid editorial on the Sun Sentinel say, of course, high zingers, no novice at the tactic of offering huge long-term contracts to athletes. And then cutting his losses swiftly when the pay off all short. So the question for Panther fans to ponder as they face the certain prospects of even higher ticket prices is this. Will Brueh turn out to be a local institution like Dolphin Dan Moreno or an overpaid butt such as X-Marlon Girishiafield. That's another dumb dumb dumb thing. Gary Sheffield was he ever a superstar? No. You ever going to be a superstar? No. They keep moving him around like let's get him out of here as fast as we can. He's trouble. He's trouble in a goddamn jox-drap and uniform. That's Gary Sheffield. He's an Ojov revocator who never should have been paid ten million dollars a year in the first place. Pavel Brueh is in the elite class of superstars. That's what I've been trying to convey in a tower they don't know. They're from Pavel de Mitra. They don't even ought to put an out in much less who the hell it is. In fact, it says, this I found very interesting. It said that Wayne didn't even wasn't even all that familiar with who the hell he was. Where did he where's that line on here somewhere? Didn't hear a sign I'm not going to waste the time to find it. But he didn't even know who the guy was until I said hey, here's one of the great players in the game. We got a chance to get him open up your checkbook. And they're making comparisons between Pavel Brueh and Gary Sheffield. Very, very weak, very bad at the trail again in some symbols. They're local newspapers continue showing their ass to the world of sea. That's pathetic. Sex studies, science, science, US adults, really a psychotic. That's right. They just can't get it up. They can't get it off. They have no interest. They don't know where to put it. About a third, see, as all these studies come up. Not too long ago in the last year or two, they came out with that study that said like 99% of all American males have been sexually molested. And I didn't realize that through that many Catholics in America, they're seriously. I don't remember what the percentage was, but it was a staggering percentage of adults in America who claim that they've been molested as children or young adults. They've no fact in the church. And since it's only like 50 or 60 million Catholics who've seen over 200 million in the rest of us, how is that possible? Is there anybody listening in this audience who was never been sexually molested? No, okay. I just want to check because then we will always start talking about that. So they even even even even molested or they're sexually dysfunctional. They can't get it up. They're scored scored premature ejaculators. They're whatever. Women can't get an orgasm, which means they better find some other guy. Or maybe an instrument that might help too. And of course, wearing a purple shirt, it dawns on me that I don't have to worry about many of these things. Isn't that wonderful that we don't have to worry about things like simultaneous orgasms, things like that? The great myth of simultaneous orgasms and... Or do you scream? That's right. And I do say the great myth. I guess there probably been maybe 5 or 10 in the history of mankind. No, it says that in the study. There may have been like 4 or 5 is what it says. And we don't know anybody who ever had one. A lot of good actors and actresses out there though. Yeah, there's an even a percent of it. What was that I think like 20% of 20% or 30% of men who can't have an orgasm? Well, right, what? I'm talking about during intercourse. I'm talking about during it. They freeze up. They get panicky. They like, huh? And it makes you wonder, how did your grandparents do it? How did the people way way back in biblical times? They were procreating like crazy. They must have found some way to do it. Unless it was another one of God's miracles. And speaking of God's miracles, by the way. If you ever have any doubt in your disbelief of the God bullcraft, go up and sit in the waiting room like I did again yesterday for about five minutes at the Cleveland Clinic. I'm not knocking anybody. I mean, we all get old. We all hope to stay in good health as long as possible. But you look around and of course, I was like eight. Not a teenager. I was like a kindergarten kid in there. I was so young compared to the rest of the crowd sitting in there. And you look around at that. You say, boy, he sure does work in mysterious ways. Doesn't it, the Lord? And so many of those old people hobbling around on their walkers and with their canes and with all their disabilities. And so many of these sad things that you sit there and watch. All of these things. And then you think, boy, the Lord sure works. Well, he must be testing us again. He's that S&M expert. He's the biggest S&M expert in the world. How much punishment can you inflict before we just crumble and croak? Are you airing like this? Does your underwear stink? So you think you probably need a stronger laundry detergent? Well, actually, no. You need a stronger body soap. And we have just the thing for you. It's called 10 scrubploss. The name says it off. This special body soap will scrub your can. Plus, on the reverse side of the bar, is the highly specialized crotch cleaner. For boys, the tube-shaped crotch cleaner is both effective and enjoyable to use. And for girls, the rod-shaped crotch cleaner does a very thorough job. It's can scrub plus. Clean your crack. Then have all the incentive you'll ever need to clean your front side for hours on end. Can scrub plus. Because a stinky crotch can ruin your day. Or at least you're underpatched. It's dirty, too. Okay, 1045 and 560WQM. Anything it has to do with Jenna tell you or with your back bone. It's dirty stuff, baby. Spend it on dirty stuff. Tyson may be allowed to resume career in jail, so it says. See, when you're a jock, you can do whatever to had you want. In a minute, how many times you get busted no matter what happens, you just keep on doing. My Tyson can resume his boxing career while in jail, but he'll need the permission of the judge who sentenced him. The former heavyweight champ can begin training at a gym outside jail if he behaves during the first two months or so of his one-year sentence for assaulting two motorists. But if Tyson wants to travel out of the state to fight, he'd have to be cleared by district judge Stephen Johnson. You have to look at his Johnson first. Tyson has been scheduled to fight an un-determined opponent of April 24th and Vegas. Tyson completed no contest, and from the August vendor vendor has been in the Montgomery County jail since Friday, which we all say, locked to door and throw away the key. But he'll let me out because, you know, there's a lot of money to be made there. Lots and lots of money to be made with the Mike Tyson, so we have to use him and manipulate him. How much, how many millions do you think he's made so far? In, you know, around the being in the slamer for the rape and all the other problems he's had in the suspension, how many millions and millions has he made so far for being a big, a little bit gloom. With a real crappy attitude and having a big healthy appetite for our human ears, I mean, may it more than all of us put together, we'll ever see in our lifetimes, even a big shot like me. I mean, put us all together, we don't even come close. And we're supposed to feel sorry for this guy, I was supposed to feel real sympathy for him, because he's being deprived, etc. and so on. You know, like, what's his name that Gluen and the Patrick Ewing said during the lockout? You know, we've got to put bread on the table for our family. And he was only making, he's only making what? 15, 18, and he didn't hear something like that. Some poultry, I'm like that. I'm surprising, even squeak by on that. Then there's a great article that somebody facked me from USA today. By John Serzino, is that his name? It's a crappy facts under his picture anyway. Appleets moralizing, cheapens religion, he says. In the words of Eugene the sex machine Robinson, I have one thing to say now the NFL season is completed. Hallelujah, brother. He says, here's a hint for 1999 fellows. We need a little more hitting a lot less surmanizing. Personally, I'm off for separation of church and football, he says. I mean, you really think Cleveland Brown's president and common policy check Bible study attendance of the NFL castoffs is front office drafted on Tuesday. True story. A friend wants to ask to probe a pro bowlbound quarterback if he was bringing his wife to the son and surf of Hawaii where women are plentiful. The big stud was incredulous. What? And bring more sand to the beach, too? Yeah. I mean, why should I bring some bits when we already got all the bitches you could be want not there? Like I'm going to bring a teacup more sand out here. They got all the sand they could use and all the bitches they could use. That's beautiful. That's the mentality, baby, because as I've told you over and over again, when you live in at the in a little, that's the American fucking way. Compartment of Americana, the rules be different for you. That's why every time I hear these illiterate jokes that the interview on the station and, essentially, I just, I'm not going to get mad or to cry or just, uh, reach over and turn the radio off, which I usually do. Illiterate dumb goons. Here's a Hollywood. I know. Yes, that's we do. Yes, sir. I heard you mentioned at Creaton Kennedy this morning on the first Baptist Church. Yeah, Paloia prayed the Lord. Yeah. Well, a few years ago, I was dating a woman who's ex husband. It wasn't airline pilot for Northwest Airlines. And this guy was one of the higher ups in that church. He's supposed to tie the certain amount of his income to the church. Yeah. And he could never make his payments to her on time for her child support, because he was spending so much of his money in this church. If I sat and talked to this guy, he was got needs the money back. Yeah, you know, you know, you, this guy, you stare off into the distance and start talking to the previous hatred for a homeless sexual, it was an unnatural play. That obsession, yeah. Yeah. You know, he was in the closet right. Right. I want my guy. This guy was in airline pilot. I wouldn't let this guy drive me around in the taxi. He was probably a social defiliter. Yeah. Anyway, have a good one. I'm going to say how to, uh, Dr. Kennedy up there at the Crowell Ridge Presbyterian church, where they need more and more money and bigger and bigger buildings. See, I asked this to you today when we're talking about that Y2K crap. If it's going to be the end of civilization as we know it, which a lot of these religions are preaching because it gets everybody whipped up. You know, get some that much more involved than it come back every Sunday. You know, oh, well, what are we going to do? Well, we want your money. What do they need more money for? If civilization as we know, it is coming to an end. And it's Armageddon time, baby. And I know what you're going to do with all that money. God needs the money. In addition, which is they got, they got the address. They're going to have they get it to them. The Lord needs the money. Now, Jan and Paul Croch, they got a different spin on it. They got to have the money so they can build more and more transmitters and buy up more licenses and put more and more TV. It's a pyramid scam. They've at least got something a little bit different. They got a pyramid scam going. Even the Egyptians never saw one like this. So that they can buy up more licenses all over the world and put on more TV stations with that little crawl at the bottom of the 800 number and bring in more and more money for the end time. Well, what are they going to have like a a came art and Walmart up in heaven is that it? We need to stock up a lot of cash. I don't get it. If all these good religious are going to have it because we're like almost in that end time, what do they need cash for? What's the point? What are they going to do with it? What are you going to do with $900 Reverend? Okay, we got one call on the board. We got a real reluctant crowd here this morning. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. There's definitely about it. Here's Hayley, a hello. Wow, what a segue. Yes sir. That's exactly what I want to talk about on Koneel. Okay. Well, first of all, I had two things for you. One of them was about the Y2K. Yeah. Apparently, we may not have to wait that long. From what I heard on the news this morning, comes September 9th, 1999. We're going to have major computer crashes because apparently computer programs use the digits 999 to close computer programs. Oh, and of course if you turn 99 out upside down, you got 66. Yeah, that's everything about that. You know what? Give that any thought? Yeah, well you better take a peek at that. Write it down on a sheet of paper and turn on the baby upside down. But that doesn't have something. I mean, 99, 99 closes the computer program and now all of a sudden we're not even going to wait to wait to wait to. Okay, we're going to take care of you before that. We better do it. We better get out to publish right now. In fact, I may have to take another couple hours off. Oh, oh, you better do that. They're have sand telled off about it. Definitely got to be forced to 10 or 9. Okay, thanks for the good news. The second thing, you know, sir. Reverend Jerry Falwell, the purple is a gay color. Yeah. I'm going to reiterate what the previous color said about the well, a few colors ago about the Episcopal. A priest. It's true that many years ago I was going to Spanish monastery during the holiday services. I'd no longer do that. I'm the the guy that's now in atheist. Yeah, yeah. Well, sure enough, the procession is coming down the aisle with the priest wearing a purple robe and carrying a lip sensor. You know, waving it back and forth. I felt like saying, you know, I love your drag but your purse is on fire. Yeah. Uh-huh. And under it he was flaming. Is that what you saying? He was. No doubt about it. There's no fact in the church. Well, Leo, I got to go. I got some Jehovah's Witnesses at the door. God bless you, my child. Bye. Give me the good news. Good to see you again. Two open lines and day one in Broward. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Come on. Let's you're all about tinky winky. And the tella tubbies, that's another guy named Fag. Comey Pinko plot. Comey purple plot. I'm sorry. Fag, maybe we'll have to change that expression. Okay, especially for the old Julio's down there in Domino Park. Instead of talking about Comey Pinko Fag, comey purple things. That's where it be at. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey, Leo. I got a call. According to fall, well, I guess, Barney, the purple dinosaurs are homosexual. Absolutely. And what part of the people were the purple people we were eating that because he must be gay too? Yes, that's my point. Okay, I have a great day, pal. He's a little slow. And by the way, George, this makeup is a shock to you. But, and now I'm making this up. All my life, guess what my favorite color has been. My favorite flavor of popsicle. My favorite flavor of fruit juice, purple. Grape juice. Anything purple. I used to have purple popsicles. You still do it this day. You know, today those welches, no sugar-rated frozen popsicle. Purple. I always get the purple ones out first. The grape. How do you like that? Purple. Now it's all starting to fit together. How do you say purple in the espiongios? They're word for purple. Morado. Or Morada. It's a female. Morado. Morada. Maracón Morado. I'm going to say Morada. Purple. Maracón Morado. Open line in the brown, all three and date. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one. I see it's going to be a short show today. You better tell Sam. Better tell Sam. I'm going to be a little bit of a show again. Thank God I've got no sexual and dysfunctional people in the audience here today. Thank goodness for that. Or anybody who's ever been molested? Here's a mobile in a point in B. Hello. God is going to get you. No, God is going to get you. Uh-huh. Okay, thank you. Point in B. Again, one call left on the board. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. I have a question. I have no relationship to the show. But my boyfriend wanted me to call you now. Well, what do you mean? It has no relation to the show. Why was he? He told me that you had said something about satellite dish. You recommended very highly. And you want to meet your good name for you. And you couldn't call. A name of what? He said you recommended a satellite dish. You said you highly recommended it. I wanted to show. You said you had to the name of one. They recommended it. And he wanted to get the name of that company. Or the name of the satellite. Oh, the name of the company? What's the name of the company that we got to our little dish from George the DSS? What's the digital world satellite? Digital world satellite. Okay. So, at least we can do for them. They put in one for us here and they do a good job. Okay. Enjoy it. Thank you. Everybody's got to have a little dish. If you can't have a big dish, you got to have a little one. That's what I've always said. If you can't have a big one, at least you got a little one to work just fine for me. Anybody that doesn't have a satellite dish is like, I mean, you're TV might as well show it out. Like with those old pop-up voice thinghouse TV sets from 45 years ago. Show them out. You just have a goddamn dish. Which I understand. I'm wondering that they ever actually get the dish upstairs because I heard Hanktog talking about that that they might have embarrassed. They have not gotten the dish upstairs yet. Oh my god. And this man's got the hooks but it come down and he engages me in a conversation about how the thing, that the water not see upstairs was going to have a hair as an assistant, didn't come in. Because he heard my cometh in there. I guess I scared him off. Because they've been hiring. All of these things. Around here that anybody with a brain would never allow these people even to come near the building, much less inside and much much less hiring them. So instead of coming down here and making small talk on behalf of the water not see, and the Sam the Sham and trying to cover up for their own unacceptable behavior, take care of some business up there, Greg. Take care of some business. I know I had a good book. I'm all over that. I know the rating party night is at least a QAM party is based on the 10 to 2 number. I'm over that. Will I be there? No. But you're welcome anyway. But take care of business. Get the guys their guy damn dishes in there upstairs. Get them the other sports for. Get them some stuff they need. Not just our, see the people listening. I know this comes into the great shock. The people listening don't see the inside of the studio. They hear what comes out on the air. I know that comes as a tremendous surprise. 10 57 and 5 60 WM. They don't take any bullsh** on them. No, it's not. There's a piece of those agents. There's a piece of shit in normal events. There's a piece of shit in normal events. There's a piece of shit in normal events. There's a piece of shit in normal events. There's a piece of shit in normal events. But in the ass, they have so many good asss. They're all back for his trial. And there's a doubt. What a piece of shit in normal events. Those are the people's shots. They're all back for their trial. What a piece of shit in normal events. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. They have so many good stuff. Their riches in old champions button. They have so many bad stuff. Those buff-speaves red one. All sevenalom-speaves between 18- Sudan and Zeyne overlap. They all have same stuff. So probably 30. And 3 minutes before. And let's go. Many right stuff on them. So many bad stuff. I think so45.. I can talk a ton. Think of one over had so many, but IT's EZ shit. at 560WQM by the way, here's the fact that says you mentioned that you had no anything about Brooke Daniels lately, what's to know? All you have to do is listen to 60 seconds of the show and you know what you're in for for the next three hours. The numbers are falling like a rock, and of course, bolder just lies through his teeth as usual, tells his everything is going great, and then Rick and Seds will take the numbers from the afternoon into the morning. Please stop lying to his pizza, we're not as stupid as you think and Brooke blows because he goes to the room. How's that white job doing by the way? You ever get that screened up? No. Two open lines at Broward 560WQM, maybe she should have gone to work on Waxi, would have been the more appropriate for that bitch. Oh, boy, she weak. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, good morning. Yes sir. Yes, Neil. I'm calling in response to your remarks about Mike Tyson. Yes. I see it differently than you do. Yes. First of all, those victims in the most recent case, they themselves said that they didn't want to see him. Oh, my God. What's the difference? What does this make? That's, you know, and the people can say whatever they want, maybe they're in all of him because he's a big superstar. Well, it should make a difference about whether he should of course it's a good difference. So it doesn't make any difference. How many more aberrant things has he got to do before you lose your enchantment with him? Well, how many years has he got to bite? How many more women has he got to rape? How many more things has he had to do before we finally show you had enough of this piece of crap already? Well, I can't answer that, but I know why not. We don't, you don't have an opinion on that. And so how many things? I can say how many things I would say that up to now, I still how many convictions of serious crimes does he have to have before you finally say that there are no more chances you've made enough of $80 million, whatever you made, $200 million and the throw away the key and lock him up. Sir. Go on. History, audio. Okay. Ask them a very reasonable question. And eventually he has no opinion on that. Because the people say, well, it'll be more pissed off and come and hunt them down and the beat the crap out of them again. And kick them into Clutch. We have an open line of dates. This is what you deal with, especially the audience of this juxtap radio station. These morons can do no wrong and I guarantee if he was on their fight in this weekend another one of these paid per view with some fat slob like the guy he fought from South Africa. And the state of this guy be spending his 50 or 60 bucks. Pathetic. You're your prosthetics or your tragic. If this is what you admire, if this is what you support, you're pathetic. You're on a level that I can't even begin to understand. Much less related to that. I can't even believe exist. And if I didn't work on his radio station, I would tend to believe that it doesn't exist, but I know better. 560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, deal. Yes, sir. Two things. Number one, you've heard George Carlons a little bit about your observation on the BSR religion. Yes. Excellent. I wish everyone should listen to it. Second of all, I think that we discovered finally the puzzle of the Jim Jones Coal because he must have been part of the gay conspiracy because he had the mall drink great cool A right purple. Cool A. Anyway, how would you say. Have a good one. And actually, I love walchus man. I always love walchus great juice. to the other. We have an open line of day one and brought 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, we're talking crazy people and they put in there on television and they're quoting from then like there's somehow like these are respectable figures in our culture. Jerry fall well, the reverend Jerry and then Larry King will have fun a few days and kisses as again. Even after all the anti-Semitic remarks he made a couple with Larry never saw a human back then he wouldn't kiss they wouldn't attach his lips to. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Anya. Yes sir. I mentioned satellites before. I guess you didn't hear about it because I'm sure you would have mentioned it. Yeah. There was a court ruling yesterday concerning a satellite TV about the networks. Yeah. There was about a 10 minute piece last night on CNBC about it. The courts ruled in favor of the networks. That satellite companies can no longer carry the networks. Is that great? And at the end of the month February 28, they're going to shut the signal off. Oh, I'm going to arrest TV and I guess punch though as well. And they had a whole big interview about it. The guy would be, well sure. And I think that's not going to do that in real areas, are they? Yeah. They said even if you live in the middle of nowhere and cannot pick up any signal as rabbit ears. Where's the logic in that? I don't know that the interview, the representative for the networks. Yeah. They said that to them and he's like, well, you know, do that. They got shut the signal off. But it's like, well, what if you live in the middle of nowhere? That's great. They said the reason being is the government's standard for an acceptable signal to the consumer was put in 30 years ago and it's changed. So they said they have to read the word and read the more studies and this and the other thing about what is going to come. So that's all a bunch of bullcraft. They're all in bed together. It's all big business mirroring each other's hand and that's what it's all about. And it's all about what it's all about. And then the things that we're talking about is they have to look at the public. You're right. If I want to watch CBS out of Rawling North Carolina, if I want to watch NBC out of New York or whatever. And I want to, that's my business. If I'm willing to pay for it, I should be able to get it. It's nothing complicated. Okay. And these local TV network affiliates that think that somehow they have the right to coerce us to watch to get whatever program. Screw them. Screw them. But you know what? That's the American fucking way. As the public loses that one more time and big business wins again. A bunch of poor Harvey's happy about it. Oh, holy, Maconon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. He's here listening to the hockey authority Neil God. This is Tom Broke. NBC News. The story is a working on the Center for Disease Control. And it's just released. It's current findings from the top 10 killers of today's American. Heading on the list are Dodge Mini fans, gun-toting redneck teens in Arkansas, and replacing hard disease at the number one killer of Americans. US Postal Workers. That's the summer of a car. NBC News. It's 114. It's 35. The US is completely packed. The article about the YCK problem and it says, just in case you're worried about running toward a cash. You want to start holding all your cash under your macros. The federal reserve board, which clears banked bank payments and automated payments, such as electric bills, and certified 98% of its mission critical systems as year 2000 compliant with the rest due to be completed by April 1st. It's only the tenth of February. The rest will be completed by April 1st. Is that give us you think like plenty of time? I don't think you're that. But hey, panic because the sky is falling baby. We're close to those end times. Put on your profile underwear. One of the woman's more purple magic underwear. You think they might? That's just the young girls. Here's my baby, Chelo. Hello, Neil. Yeah. Okay. So I'm reading this a little bit. I'm reading a little clip that somebody wrote to the editor in the air today. Yeah. A couple of sentences. Can I? Can I? Will I? I can be able to hear this call for some strange reason going in. Okay. A couple of quick sentences. It goes. So we have a budget surplus. The Republicans can't wait to spend it in their usual way. A big tax cuts for the wealthy. Or Republicans can't get a pass of veto. So they will find ways to waste our money such as a $700 toilet seat. And 250 dollars for a $12 dollar hammer. They also sent lawyers from 10 stars office to court at $400 an hour to get an order to apply Monaco and ski in from California. At our expense. First class of course on United by the way. Put it up at the Mayflower Hotel. And read some rooms to talk with her. Leave it to Can Star Henry Hyde and Company. And it's good vibes surplus. I just thought that was okay. Thank you so much. Okay. We have an open line of day to a broad five six seven five six and pound five six The on the AT and T wireless line. Who is that guy? That was any of the people that heard was what? Ex-Murderer. Yeah. Seriously. Who is that? But who is he? His name is Ed. And what does he do? He's a new intern. Take it away. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hi. Yeah. Yes sir. I just have three. These people are like slow today. Baby as usual. Go ahead sir. Sorry. The first point is the guy that calls in about McTyson is nuts. I mean, McTyson broke the log. You need to go to jail. Period. The second thing is I guess the minute sort of Vikings will have to change your uniform. Right. That's about it. Why do you think they got their ass kicked by Atlanta? Thanks a lot. I'm a new listener. So I appreciate the show. All right. That's settled. He chose purple. People leaders listen to how they couldn't make it. They couldn't make it. They couldn't even go to get a manifesto. NFC championship. Much less get to the stupid bull. Which is how you do it. Couldn't do it. Well, I'm telling you these. Well, when they seem like we've been here a hundred days this week. This has been one of the most pond-risk weeks. Man, these people are slow. They got no material. Like I'd not have to say about anything. Boy. I think we're out of business here. Better cancel that party tonight than the Orange is ratings party. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T. Wyrville's line. Old McDonald had a farm. E.I.O. Sand the Shambi by the way. Can you hear a couple of minutes ago. He had the hoods, but a company here in Pretend. And called Joe Costello a liar by the way indirectly. He never said that about this. Does he know about this? Like George is doing a show. And he went to the doctor and left half hour earlier. So he claimed he was worried about me. He was concerned about me. You're going to remember, believe that? Concert about my welfare. Here's a mobile and tvernier. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I was wondering. General manager, Jr. We got more little GM, Jr. is around here, sir. Everybody's a big boss. And unless they do the bigger of a title they got. Go ahead. That's that's the way it is in the world. Yes. That's the American. F.N.W. Yeah. You know, I think some of the monarchy and building and go down in history is going to go down. Yeah. They don't leave a legacy of doing this country. A great favor. I think they slowed down this religious rights take over. I mean, they brought it out. And if they hadn't done anything, I think they just beat people with a role over in 2001. And it's just the way it is. Paul was morning on a today show. He even had all that people rolling their eyes. The role was on the today. No, no, no. When they commented about it, the host there was just there like dumbfounded. Yeah. The role in the rising. Maybe Jerry is just like losing whatever little contact he had with reality. Maybe he's just lost it. Maybe he's just totally floating in space at this point. He's out of his mind. I think I mean, I know there's a lot of the apathy and the bozo effect. But I think he lost a lot of credibility. And it's all it happened. And have a great day. Jerry Falwell had credibility. By the way, in the sexual dysfunction, afflicts a third of US adults, 30% of men, 31% over 40% of women. Just can't. But it does say, here's some hope for you. Research is also found that those reporting the least sexual problems were by a few percentage points, but nevertheless educated married, which I guess you're getting more figure married on. So right there or Hispanic. How do you like that? Now the reason that I've been telling you this, see they won't listen to me. They will not listen to me. They think wow, he's just joking. He's just a kidder. I've been telling this for a long time because his spanics will have sex with just about anything that moves. There's a lot of things that are stationary, like an oak tree. So naturally they're having to help a lot of those trouble getting it up, getting it off, doing their thing. Do you want to just about anything? That's right. So that's here for the spank. They're doing it. I'm upset. It's just right here in the goddamn camp. It's in the hero. 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. As we try again to flaxlade a very lithargic crown here today. Here's a mobile in Highly or hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I wish to be appointed our bishop of the Church of V.N.H. Yes. Childeach actor. I actually was able to talk one of the guys that works for me in the warehouse, who is up to kit number four. I can't feed him so often. Drive the car like cost him $3. But he's popping out kids and he does all but they're blocking from heaven. Oh yeah. I thought they meant to have any of his seconds. All right. So I could give you the purple metal of something. The purple metal of the metal of the feudal or something like that. And the thing about the latins don't have that many problems. They just want to mid to it. I was at it. Well there's a lot of things they want to mid to. God bless you sir and have a great life. There you go. He's doing and doing wonders. I fixed. Thank God for that. Just like you know Bob Barker's always on there talking about having your pet spader No dude. Have yourself spader no dude. Do the goddamn world of favor. I heard us over the weekend. They had a story about the enormous overpopulation problems, which we've already known in the third world of countries, which is all Latin America of course. And much of South Florida. gigantic overpopulation problems. And this on the heels by the way of the pub just haven't been here, but of course nobody ever connects those two. Because they're terrified of the goddamn cat-linked church. Get yourself fixed. We should have Bob Barker on there talking about forget about your goddamn pets. After you take care of them, technically we can get a combo deal. Maybe we can find a place where they like fix your animals and the fix you with the same time. 700 open lines on the board here this morning 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. We're juice key. Hey, I got the problem. I know how to solve the problem for my cousin. Yeah. Only if my cousin was a foreign person, we'd deport his ass. How's that? Well he's an African American. deport? Okay. Thank you. Okay. We have a few first though. Two open lines is day one and a grower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. You weren't purple today. We know all about you. And you know my words fall on death here. That's the problem. Because I'm talking to this little narrow minded, not narrow minded. Little tiny audience here in South Florida. Some of whom are narrow minded. Pinky, winky. Is the part of a homo, it's part of the agenda. The homo, shathewalajinda. Because he's purple carries a little purse and talks with a squeaky voice like guilty. This is a man who they put on there. They pop him up like it like a real honest, a goodness person like somebody with an IQ bigger than a thumb size. I was going to say bigger than his nose size. There was public size but that would be a stretch in a little bit. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay sir. Listen, not Cuban spick here. I just want to say something when I was growing up and I was young and I started sexual activity. Yes. I went to my dad because obviously being a Cuban spick that I am, I was not circumcised. Yeah. So I went to him and I said, hey, dad, this is what I'm going on. I'm having pain. What do I do? And he's a hillbilly from Cuba. He tells me to go have sex with a go. And that's not he got circumcised in Cuba. That's not what I'm circumcised in Cuba by hand. That's what he did. And then he went, I was like, it's just assuming that I would have done it. What the hell do I go find a go? Anyway, I just thought you wanted to know that. Listen, I really wanted to ask you regarding why to pay. I've heard you say, I'm not going to pay you, but I can't. I wanted to ask you about the why to pay because I've only heard you come at a couple of times. And I didn't know if you were taking it. If you were serious, if you were joking, it's about why. About why to pay. I think you're a real realistic guy. And I didn't know what was your opinion on this why to pay. Okay. My opinion is that it's a massive story as what my opinion is. I don't think you're much of anything's going to happen. Exactly. I think I was reading an article last night that at the end of every decade, in this century, at the end of every decade, they've been screaming the same crap by and warning people about the same kind of things that we're going to happen. And guess what, none of it ever happened. Okay. And like I said, I trust your opinion. Okay. And as far as the church, I got married. I'm married for the second time. Yes. I was raised. Okay. I got divorced. When I went to get married the second time, and it was all better. When we went back to the Catholic Church because the girl that I married, they wanted to count to church and all that. Okay. I went along with it. Well, they didn't want to do it because I was divorced. And they dumped it. I did some kind of a bad thing. And then all of a sudden when I started talking about money, all of a sudden when I put up $1,000 in the things that I wanted to marry. Right. But you should have told them, you knew Frankson ought to do that with a sense of it. Okay. We have three open lines in the housing field. And by the way, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Hailey, hello. I'll go near you. Yes. Did you hear the news this morning was a blurb about some state that passed the law regarding Roadkill? No. But now you can take your roadkill home and eat it except for dogs and cats. Yeah. I guess the roadhouse cat's carry it takes on a new meeting now. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Holy Land. 560. I bought the car. Okay. In a few weeks, i will..." Yes sir. Okay. We choose a car. So we will switch on the car as soon as we agree. I would say 50,000änder cars are there on the highway. Allright. How low he was? Yeah. I mean, to be a heater. I want hours, where I'm coming from. you say. No, I had something to touch on. My girlfriend, she doesn't see much approval. Yeah, I listen to you. I'm a long time listener. What do you mean she doesn't approve of me? You guys are like you. I don't know why. I'll screw that bitch. I'm just going to be sure you are. Yeah. That's a big deal. Yeah. I keep telling her to listen to you and she's in the car right now. She's like, you know, we keep fighting on and off. About what? What is it that she doesn't like? What's your problem? She thinks she's just thinks you're, I don't know. I keep, I tell you, you're great. She thinks I'm what? I don't know. You want to talk to her now? No, she, I heard that. She's hysterical. She's like, okay, okay, okay. This is the bitch, okay. Just to open a car door real quick and dump the bitch out. Isn't that pathetic? So typical, man. What is it with a women in this town? No sense of humor. Uptight, I have to put on this pretty funny guy, damn act. Man. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the ATT. Is it our phone? Is it something our said? Is it my right guard? My left guard this morning? Man, this is weak. But you know something I'm reading a mood for my chef salad from trucks? In fact, I'm getting like a little stiff just all morning long. I've been thinking about the magical moment when I would say, let's get the lunch over here from trucks in the sub center. The chef salad deluxe is that what it is? I'm both cow combo, shit, boys, that good. Man, you can't meet like that. Isn't that to make my taste buds tingle? Hey buddy, have a heart or a liver? Beautiful life of people. Nine. vergessen. Five. A lesson. But one. The cricket. Here is the second lesson. First time a I have a best impression Impressart I'm all of the best and good dreams Don't think from anything Too much butter, that's free to pour me Now every time I stand up I feel like it's that I should hit the camera I'll open it just below Here are the drivers Grab, grab, grab The contact you flatter It's a lot of 33 at 56 becomes you need this faction for admirers Peter in four admirers This is the most bizarre When every lives there are a lot of you over there in the West Coast Maybe the sun has fried your brains Maybe you've been just over there a little bit too long Like maybe a 2,300 years too long This is one of the most bizarre Facts is and that's covering a lot of territory It says, okay, let's start by saying I've been in the mental health industry for quite a long time Not as a patient but as an employee Yes, I felt I had to say that And after reading this I think yes you did My hero is Jesus Not the Jesus you know and love You see over the course of my career I used that term loosely I've met Jesus eight times He's come in different forms of course The latest being used car salesman But each time he's asked me to become his disciple Now I know all the fun I'm missing but I've had it to climb And all the occasions he can't even give me the winning lot of renumbers Are you following this? I guess maybe he's talking about the mental health patients Is that what he's trying to say? Very poorly written Peter, nobody you're in four buyers Then he goes on to say, Meal God, this is an all-zerry school The gate group claimed Tinky winky for themselves saying the purple color And the inverted triangle on his head represented gate pride Have a wonderful day and he'll guide Peter and four buyers But he was a right side up triangle Are you part of the gate triangle? I thought it was a pink triangle Right right side up though I think Peter needs he's been over there too long Here's a mobile and Sarah soda hello Oh, Neil, yes sir From Sarah soda I'm so glad to hear you back on the net menu while today This is absolutely great And yeah, you ought to see this response I'm getting here today Man I'm as well be talking to a goddamn Campbell soup came It's right Peter Sarah, these people are dead as a donor a little bit here Every day of my life I don't do a radio show I flagulate every day of my life for four hours every goddamn day I like trying to get a response out of a goddamn brick I did have something to say about the religion thing Yes sir Well, you know, the easy part that I can see about this is you break it down Jesus came because there was a devil Squared squirt yeah So all we've got to do now is if we go to church on Sundays We should pray that God will just remove the devil from the earth That'll be the end of the story I won't be anything I keep asking how come God let the devil exist and how come the devil does all these things And go and God just sits back Yeah, there's always somehow impotent and watches Farmed you speak Go along without listening a finger or whatever he's got Exactly I'll look at the digits And then I can add to the question I've been asking that for a hundred years and I can't answer the goddamn question But I've never gone to church Yeah, well they just sit down and said you gotta get rid of the devil You know everybody prays for that we pray for the little thing Yeah, like he or this person which is I didn't even pray for the little thing and I still got one Yeah, exactly Thank you so much I love you And have a great day sir God bless you there you go guys Sarah Soda He likes this show They'd brown not no interest One call on the boys This one it's gonna be because I got the Oh, yeah Karen and Richard all few of She's still so good. I love that Oh, you know what what's the point? What is the point here? These people you've beaten you flat Related if brought 700 different things we got going here They got nothing they got no material When it's laid Are we on the air? Oh, is this just like a dry run? Oh, gotta be 5 6705 50 Pound 5 60 on the 18 2 wireless lines Here's our last call of the four-later day Hello Hey, you like the other case sir Deadly just I'm feeling great today Yesterday I read the doctor I thought I was dying again I feel great today and this audience man It's like 400 yards ahead of me They just can't catch up Let me explain my situation as I'm 21 years old Yeah, and I used to listen to you every day And I moved to England for about two years And I'm back in town. I was a musician over there for a while And I couldn't find you because I was listening for six ten Well, it's probably because we do all this great promoter Yeah, no, I used to love this show I mean, I still do of course I mean, it's great to listen to you again But I'm saying is I turned to six ten and it's all new It's at least like 940 Yeah, and so I couldn't find you on the dial and just today I was in the car with a friend and he turned it on and it was on 560 And there you were Thank God Yeah, never mind that I'm sorry about that You still there? I'm here. Okay Anyways, I just want to talk Just catch up a little bit because I haven't heard you in like two years So Yeah, I'm sorry about that Forget about that crap Yeah, I don't really, just keep moving on more than upward Okay, so anyways, first of all, I haven't heard your opinion on Detroit Red Wing I mean, what kind of what kind of Well, what does that mean? My opinion on the... Yeah, you're wing fan at all No, I'm not Okay, cause I want to be Detroit Red Wing fan I'm a Toronto Maple Leaf fan number one and a Florida fan number two How many teams can I be a fan of? Oh, I love them. You have to be a fan No, I'm not Can't stand the Red Wing to make me want to vomit I'm not one of those funny bandwagon jumpers like so many people we got here that jump on a bandwagon because they want to stand the cuffs I don't like the Red Wing, I never have Right, my light just should mention, at least beat them all three games this year Oh, I'm from Detroit, so I mean, that's a little bit We've kind of lived and died hockey Yeah, what do you mean, you had enough? Okay, you had your two years and I'll let's get somebody else in there You know, I grew with that And it's especially the Murray connection down here It just is a kind of pathetic, a Terry Murray's voice You can see you understand, you've been away from here too long There is no interest in hockey here, don't you understand that? These people don't know from it They don't have any interest in it The Sun Sentinel rights in that Surreyl comparing Pavell, Bury with Gury, Sheffield These people are hockey illiterate, they have no idea what it's all about That's exactly the case, I mean, we're down here and people ask about the blue line and everything And six years now we've had a team here And they still haven't got the foggyest idea of who's on first They have no idea what it's all about Father, I don't know why I had to about the Red Wing Just because an England, that's one of the only teams that they follow They don't know, they don't know their old Schittler from eight all-fiddler here They got no clue man Anyways, the promotion sucks I mean, I really wanted to catch you I was, we listened to you a few times on the net over there Right And we just kind of like, it's hard to like get the time to, you know, we see the time difference It is very hard And I really miss to show And I'm really glad to hear you again I think you do a great job I think the religion thing is a great topic Especially for down here because there's a lot of older people down here Like I said, I'm 21 years old and there's a lot of... And I'm just glad about that, that love you sure I mean, because it's, you know, we're just really interested in And in change and it seems like down here, the changes of 30 words I think you're lucky if they change their underwear down here I'll have a great day, it's good here for me Get to New York Okay, there's a living in Breeding Young Man who was in England I would be at a couple of good bomb movements when he was over there Because most of them are constantly pitted, you know, those silly brits Rimes with twits And we have an open line at Broward 2 in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the whatever line it is this hour 18, T.W.R.B.S.L.B. Yes, for you. For the barrel! It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has released a CD But now he's going back into the archives to find the songs that he once recorded As a child With a make-neck, fatty wax, it's a rumone Lullo! There you have a little lamp It's for his runs, lullo! So, for me it's these drugs There are the world, lullo! Warning, due to England young children listen to this tape Cooked on, fun, and strictly prohibits it A-A-A-B-T-E-E-M-A-R-W-O-O-O I think they had a lead him out too, I'd long with Mike Tyson In Southern 45 and 550 W-2, I've got a very gut-wrenching thanks from R.L. Silvershots In Plantation, about the tough rules of the Saudgrass This was from Friday, January 22nd, Business College and the Sun Sentinel Cart and Kiosk vendors say policies harsh It exiles, it exiles, called the system of iron rule where liberties were few The rest of us call it, the Saudgrass mills' molasses And it goes on and on about the dictator It's kind of like condo commandos inside them all And it quotes from about 400 different vendors who have the little pushcards in the all around them all And if they have a bad hair day and they're in a bad mood that come out and they kick you out If you're drinking a soda they want to kick you out and it's at all the other crap that they're doing here But your fascist running the Saudgrass mills' molasses, I thought you ought to know that Open line in Broward 2 and date 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello Hello Yes sir Neil? Yes I have a comment Yeah What to do with split? I think that since we've been changing our currency, we should change our currency Right, we've been changing our format I think we've changed it in the format to what all music Sir, what do you want? Are you on like doggy downers or your last legs or like one step would two feet in the grave? What is your story? Sound like your comatose I think we should put Bill Clinton on the $20 bill and the $20 bill How's that sound? Okay, you will fart We have an open line of date to a Broward 560 and 560 on the AT&T Turn on the lightbulb, okay, they're not doing your kind of radio anymore yet But you'll ever know the difference, okay, in your condition Jesus Christ Here's Santa Bell, hello Hi Neil Yes sir First time caller, I'm listening to your show and listen to Hank Show and he afternoon Right Just wanted to call tell you about a editorial I read That Clinton in the 99 budget budget is $15 million per Viagra for the military Yeah, how afternoon that is What good is that going to do? Because it's good for morale, baby In fact, wait until you find out that the uniforms and all the branches of the arm services are going to be changed to purple There you go Of course, we don't want no purple people leaders in there We have a two open line We have 400 open lines, okay, I mean this is the moment of decision right now You're going to have to decide if you want to speak to the fact that I in a radio You do it or you don't I sit back in these I got 80 million car get all the good car for this stuff I'm going to carpet this kind of mood today, you know I mean they're probably part of that homo-sensual agenda too All she and feeling good right now 560 and 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line It's like Monday this time just died Every now and then we're rolling along, singing a song a week's at a time And all of a sudden like somebody just pulled the old plug and they died You can almost smell it Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello? Yes sir How are you doing Neil? Okay Hey, the last bit that you played what was the name of it The name of what That's right I said all the names and stuff You can play the game for me, please No Okay, here's our last call today, here's Naples, hello Neil, yes sir How are you doing, buddy? Okay How's life treating you? Great How was your trip to the doctor yesterday? Trip was great, anything else sir? Yeah, I was trying to get that number for that Dollum mattress I heard it on the air yesterday Yeah You did a gig with the 1,800 mattress 1,800, well that's the number, 1,800 mattress That's the number And what do I have to mention? Nets and Neil Robbs Nets and I have to find Neil Robbs They give you 50 bucks on I just say listen, the other reason I called is I'm not getting a good nice sleep anymore Yeah I got these matted dents Coming up Oh It was from Naples, okay Probably one of the beesleys Open line of Howard 600 and date 560 and Pond 560 on the AT&T Widdles line But I'm sure the people at Dalam結es Thank you again for the extra free plug Thank you sir Here's a mobile and four-loader deal, hello That was on his dime too, by the way Yes sir Hey did you read the paper where they had that? Who's up here? They got thrown out of Miami Xavier Soores Not him, it's the other guy Highly on me Howard getting us Yeah, did you see we're going to say his legal bill Yeah That's an old story That's from weeks ago, yes Yeah, is that a big deal? Don't you understand politics they never met a crook they didn't like Don't you want to get with a program piled butcher up? Get with it All in dignity Now raise that's the way it works down here Okay, this is a banana republic Get with it or get out 560 560 Pond 560 on the AT&T Widdles line Here's Miami, hello Hi Neil Yes sir Are you first time going to you since last year How are you sir? I'm doing fine The audience is along to the weather But I'm doing great I got a positive story to tell you Yes to be year and a half to find a good contractor In Miami Yeah If I can give them a plug Here's a mobile info letter Hello And Neil, how are you doing? Okay sir And Neil, I was told it's a couple of times My yesterday muscles And I was told about the king of the king of the saying Yeah Very well Yeah They have a tradition They plug the king's The muscle tradition They plug out a two kind In the king's nose The nose, the nose, ears And it's rectum Yeah Has that come yet? No I only have one question for them They name Donald Pumman's force That's correct Did it was he related to the guy in the naples? I don't know I think they were like kissing cousins 560, 560, 560, 560 Got a 18T wireless line Here's a mobile in Daytona Hello Hey, how are you doing Neil? No, okay sir You know, I'm sorry You know, it is the front side I'm sorry I'm sorry, I came into the issue There are a couple of days off And then Sam could have told a joke And joke could have called up I hear the time things are going to go The radio and I still call it Say how are you going Thanks for a lot of stuff I talk to you to be our good buddy At least he don't let us down The sub center over there on Quenor 441 I'm Jerry Road Let me just do a two hour spot for Chuck Okay, because these people got nothing to say today Well, I'm going to have to drive this This is the worst crowd I've ever had in my life Today Every time you think you've had the worst I'm not saying worst you're on this And because I'm full of good stuff I'm feeling good today But on the end, this audience This is the deadest The crappiest crowd I have ever encountered in my life Well, do you want me? I have a very funny story I was watching the Panthers game A couple nights ago And there was a story for River was doing an interview with Murray Yeah, and they showed the film And they put underneath You know, they had a little tag underneath They write river And they don't even close who he's talking to Yeah It was the funniest thing in the world It was the coach And then said they put Rumors name under him It was hilarious Anyway, if that works for you, I'm going to be really enjoying the show No wonder he's still listening Okay, I can take a hint Launch his hair To a search happy times And many along the go I wonder where they'd go But then back again Just like a long-awaited friend All the songs I love so well Every show I love my Every move No shine Every single thing I want That's the start to sing No heart When they get to the park When he's breaking up It can really take me from Just like before It's yesterday once more You're watching back All the hours and years All the lives All the lives Make me say things everything Don't much has changed It's the songs of the lives And to them all ride each word Those old melodies Still stand the goods in me As they melt the light You're the way Every show I love my Every move No shine Every single thing I want That's the start to sing No heart All my best memory All my back lyrics to me Some can't even make me cry Just like before It's yesterday once more Every show I love my night Every move Still shine Every single thing I want That's the start to sing No heart Every show I love my night 255-5-6 You're welcome to the New Rogers place The Carpenter for 2 hours and 10 minutes Sounds good to me He's listening They got no material today I feel great For the first time in eight weeks That's the way to sing in the Yang of this town It's always been that way I come in feeling great for the first time in eight weeks I feel like I should really be here No flashing, no rash, no sickness No dying over here, no stiff neck No nothing Come in here, all of a sudden after I got 85 million different things I'm talking about here Well we got a little one to talk to you today You know what? Okay I enjoyed a music myself, plus you have to see the size of this thing they brought over And the ones too Wow The chef combo salad from Chuck Man, I'll tell you what, I don't know where he gets his meat But boy, is this done in the cheeses? He's in the best of I'm serious I'm not just telling you that because he gave it to us for free It happens to be a great guy and we love NEC too And George and Joe got the hot spring easy But anyway Go through the call It's been a few years since Bruce Springsteen has written it I just say that I just say that Mom and I'm in with my lunch and these people don't give her crap We got the nobody but the misfits call off of you anyway One call on a board here's a mobile in Miami, hello Amy, I'll take it away Okay, sir, great, how's it going? It's just a good I'm going to my studio to make my coals I guess I can hear I wish I could hear you, I wish you were on a real foam Since you're my only caller I'm sorry about that I went out about the year 2000 problem Yeah I'm not really a problem I'm a computer check and I've done so a bunch of courses on year 2000 And the biggest concern right now is the large companies with these Millions of dollars in fact sitting computers And people with really old, crappy computers And if I do that's running of new computers, something that I should have a problem And all of it is just the heights and people making money off of it Microsoft is selling 7 software left and right About 2000 And making money And I saw something interesting You're the ones that are best buy And they were selling certain architectures and monitors They were saying year 2000 Compliance A search protector It's like some people don't want it It's a electrical outlet You're selling it with year 2000 complacency But how can it go on unless it knows what year it is? Exactly But that's the problem That's the problem that's the old third baby It's all a marketing thing It's all marketing, it's all about money And that's what they're doing And anyway, I want to call you a few days ago About the game they've made on Sunday, Fox and in the New York Did you catch the game? The Fox and the other Bruins and the other Bruins and the other Bruins and the other Bruins Why does this little bit of that? I was watching Detroit and Pittsburgh Well that was a great game I really enjoyed the game That was something to watch What do you think about the material and the entire project going up to the repeat? It's okay, the carpenters How did it rate day? You too, bye-bye What do you mean, Tony's don't play the carpenters? What am I going to play? What am I going to do here for us? I'm going to sit here and talk to myself for two more hours Put them all on, just stick them all on, you're okay Seriously, share some of the good stuff you've had with the audience Here's my me Beach, hello Howard Cernroof There you go Yeah, Howard's is too rules Yeah, and you're obviously one of his goofballs, okay? And thanks for sharing all your material with us Oh, you lose Well, I'd like to say what just happened here today Does that mean just come out of the street Like I walk it off the street Come up the elevator up the shaft The same old way Sit down and hear it's like, uh, it's like the jungle uses in here today Maybe it's the purple shirt, maybe that might be scared in a way You think that could be it? Uh-huh Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Body cone Not right, there we go, Marty Cohen Remember him, he's not feeling good anymore Marty Cohen, don't you like the way he said that? Um-huh, Marty Cohen Come on, let's go, you guys can do it Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line Marty Cohen Like I said See, it's not a multi-culture community It's a one-dimensional community Him and his kind, him and his ilk Marty Cohen, very good, I love the way you said that with the emphasis Just don't talk to these people Just like I said, I'll take care of him, forget about it Just sit back and enjoy lunch Here's a lady in Kendall, hello Hello Yes, man Ah, it was quick Well, it's quick, I don't know if he's talking to me today Man, it's just, uh, just out of the blue I suddenly feel good out of the woods for the first time And eight weeks And these people decided they hate me like poison today This is what I call it James, I feel better when I'm sick of the dog They like me better that way Two other purple Related purple is the color of royalty So all royalty then Queen, yeah, queen Queen, see, I ride, well that's, you know, that goes to you It's right in, hand it in And then the other, it's a color of law too If you get, you know, your robes and your graduation law school It's always purple trimmed So So that's, um Well, don't tell Jerry Oh well Springer, have a great day Okay, here's Miami, hello Hey, what's the meal? Are you doing sir? I want to ask you a question Um, you always thought the way Wait wait a minute, why are you arguing with these people? Put them all on a hole That's the order Do you want answers to the YADAT and T isn't worth Doesn't make any difference Put them on a hole, okay? I'll talk to every goofball, every jackass Don't waste your time You got a nice free lunch sitting there Enjoyed, put a smile on your face Stop getting aggravated, they're not worth it Yes sir, go ahead Okay I don't want to know how come when a PogoBore got that large contract You were happy with it, but normally when athletes have other sports Get like large clients, right? Everything is relative, sir Everything is relative because they've never had a high paid Superstar on this team Six years in the franchise And if this team is going to go anywhere for going to have any kind of entertainment out there This is the reality of the way it is now, that's why Can I, but I'm not saying I'm not saying I'm not specifically tining on the canthers I'm saying overall you've always complained about how Honestly, I'm not saying it's all ridiculous There is no athlete worth $8 or $9 or $10 a year Including him, that's right But you think it's okay for the Panthers It's been a much money on hand I just got it through answering that It's within the context of the way reality is now Yes Okay And you know what? If you don't want to subsidize it, the games are on TV for free Well, I still love you Okay Well, what does that mean? So other times you're supposed to be ripping them And I ask because they're given popbell, burry all this money I got no spoiler pal I don't want to go see boring games all the time I mean we didn't have it exciting game in the event I would say blue the game and he wasn't playing it That's a major miracle for this team A little bit too much excitement if he asked me See that you've got to like an air vt cross Then air v i dotted and be just a hundred percent consistent I hate to break the news to pal We live in the real world This is the way it is Here's a mobile and forward waterdale, hello Yeah, Neil I want to talk about those presentation police and sunrise police What does what those? What does with those what? What does that mean? Those people I mean, I mean, what does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Transparency Why does that mean? Why does that mean? Why does that mean? Because they're trying to find the New Yorkers like you and be poor to them and send them back where they came from Got it Don't be knocking my buddies there to plantation and sunrise Prokers, okay? We have an open line in date And by the way, I haven't seen them Stick no, no plunger up anybody's rectum Lately in plantation Since the cops are so wonderful in New York Everything there is better Even the garbage in New Yorkers better You can understand that, don't you? I'm going to garbage your smells better Even the dog, I'm going to street smells better in New York That's why they all came here Everything in New York is better Eight minutes like even the real tightens up their arqueitos How do you like that? Do you believe that? No! Eight minutes passed, noon is 5.60 WCM. All right, this is G Gordon Litty and they don't come any worse than New Yorkers He was being traditional or out of this And you've tried the local Escort Service But the big problem with these is you're a real busy guy And your life moves real fast You don't have all that time to take For your horn to get on dress, get ready Through the job and then get paid You just want to get in, get out You in and out and out and then go Well, then you're going to love this It's the all new Humpengo The prostitution station you've been dreaming of Once you drive up to a Humpengo You'll see an escalator at the front door Humpeng, at the top of the escalator You'll see one of our many fine prostitutes Already to go Once again, Humpengo Also has paid the Hump service too On the headboard, you'll see a little slot for your credit card Once you're done, just slide the card in And you're ready to go It's the all new Humpengo The fastest f***ing thing in town In the 1960 QMC, it's telling me that the AT&T wireless lines, the mobile lines That people were calling about the other day That the callers are correct about that And that's one of the reasons where I haven't so much God damn problem on his radio station Is because the people at AT&T are more on Is that what you're saying? And then they want to see a lot of answers Do we? What is it? We don't want to say that about our fine sponsors Let me say it again I'm not talking about the sponsor I'm talking about the people that we're dealing with Who can't forward the calls to the right number They're forwarding the calls to the 930 number Which is now disconnected So we might be getting 75 million calls here But as usual, it's some phone company Oh, we've got their finger stuck in your deep inside your window And then screw it up my life Whether it's Bell South, whether it's AT&T Whether it's about our good close personal friends It's Bell South mobility Good religious folks who wait me like poison And I would see you to me that our engineering department I mean I realize you told me they've talked to them But it seemed to me that they ought to be the ones getting this thing straight now They've done everything they can They're in the end Yeah Because I had a long conversation about it yesterday Yes They have to forward it from their end There's nothing our engineers can do about that Well, how come our management isn't even with us Sam? As opposed to, oh, that's right How come that's right? Gen GM's Jr How come GM's Jr isn't getting this straight now for us And like maybe it's threatening a lawsuit You know, I mean we got the modeling games I'm going to steal some of the marlins right? So, you know AT&T is our good and fine friends But maybe we just might have to sue them To get it forward into the right number So we can continue doing a radio show here on this station Now we're starting to get to the bottom of this crap Here's Holly Wood, hello Any, how are you? Okay You're in a rotten mood today No, I'm not And talking to you, I would be See, does he really think I'm going to talk to him? Does he, I'm in a great mood today Like I said before, I feel better And I haven't year any, anyway I'm over my crud eight weeks of this crap I've had With a flushing face in the rash and the sore neck and all these things And guess what? Today, maybe it was psychosomatic Maybe I ate a can of dog food, okay? A can of cycle Maybe it was all psychosomatic But today I already scared Are gone You're only thinking, it is real people to talk to Which guess what? You're still not one of them, okay? But, Wacker, you're a puss So sad, it's so pathetic Like you said, all they got to do is see a little crack Like Ripley versus they turn those little cracks into gigantic holes Every guy at the end time Because they're there To rain and sleep and snow and her acooms and new name is there there Just waiting for the opportunity To be on for two seconds like he was I was in a great mood today, until you call And I'm not even sure what Jack asked that was, what was that Andy? Oh, God, get a fricking life, would you? And by the way, I spoke to the rabbi he said you're out Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hi, Neil Yes sir Oh, they got a copy for about one of the police doing Yeah, I'm collecting revenue I mean, hopefully I'll get a few tickets Yeah That was it Okay, thank you Woo Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hopefully this is all better, Neil The other day I'm not expecting good today Do you understand? I don't care if it's good, if it's bad, if it's ugly I don't care what it is Just give us something here, that's all This is just obviously one of those days Hopefully this is something the other day I was over at my friends And I found out that his parents and him Got the arbitron rating book So I decided to come and do them and fill them out for a 10 to 2 I can't comment on that, all I can say is And you're going to have a couple of 50 year old who will be giving you some rating there So you'll get some 50 year old sticks getting you, it will be you They get you to be up That's for you sir Thank you God bless you Okay, we didn't hear what he said, did we? No, I didn't hear it We have an open line in date 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 at a mobile one On that side, days like this, you know Those ratings come out Neil Greg Wheat says, oh, you heard a good book, you heard a good book I'm here, good book, I'm here, good book, every book since I've been on his station We've had a great book I don't need him coming down here, give me that long said puppy dog look Take care of some business, get on a phone with AT&T Get something straightened out for the radio station Like I said at the beginning of the show today Tank and I are just coming on here screaming and carrying on Be it just for the hell of it because we're bad people We like some stuff to work with The audience can't see the nice new studio, what it looks like up there They only hear what's coming out over the air And if you don't have a phone situation that works So you can't talk to people, if you don't have a goddamn TV up there What a satellite dish, so they can't watch whatever they need to watch For the sports stuff, if they don't have a sports word It's given them the sports news I mean, these are the nuts and bolts of the business Which is what Mr. Reed don't understand Which I haven't told you for 13 months plus He doesn't get it He thinks that he did everybody a big favor By building a glitzzy, you know, with the same old crappy equipment And I shine in your microphones Here's Cooper City, hello Hi Neil, I'm not going to ask how you're doing Because apparently you sound a little wound up I'm doing great Well listen, I got a few things I need to switch to talk Can I get a bit for a minute? Go ahead I live in a great lunch Ok enjoy lunch, I'll bet you eat how about that I live in one of the condos and Halandell with a bunch of the oys And we have Valais service Oh, I had the guy Valais parked my car And we were unloading the groceries I come back downstairs from unloading the groceries And Mr. Meater made a car and put a hundred and five dollars ticket On my windshield Oh, that late guy parked my car in the fire Nice, nice touch So I go to the city Hollywood to find out how to complain about this And of course they say, oh, you have to mail this and mail this and do this Do that By the time I have to go to the port, three times for a ticket Okay, three times for a hundred and five dollars ticket I go to the judge, the judge tells me it looks The best thing to do is just to meet no contest and pay The set of paying a hundred and five dollars, you only pay eighty five No, nice, what a bargain Right, so he's saving me twenty bucks That's what he tells me, it's helping me I'm saving you twenty bucks and two more trips back to court So you have no choice but to leave no contest and pay the damn fine With that think is a bunch of crap But that's the side point What about the Valais parking guy? What about Halandell? Jesus, I went to our office and did you complain about that And they pull out the papers that says they're not responsible for any vehicles You know, when you sign when you move in It says the Valais, once you've had a vehicle car Then I responsible for anything It's the car stolen or broken or anything They're not responsible for it So I got shafted on that Nice Also, I used the word for a car, your company and I'd like to say hello to all the DHL drivers Out there because we all listened to you several bullios And they listened to that bullios crap Yeah, I can't understand anyway And that company really sucks because they let me go And I'm really unhappy about that, but that's the side point Okay, well listen sounds like you don't better than I am Have a great day, should go back to your way Okay, wow Well, there's something really hot in this meat Never have any real hot meat in your mouth Oh man, seriously, I'm like Gaggon on it, it's great It's delicious, young, huh? The very hot onion Oh, it's the extra hot onion That's what it is Wow God, and I love onions, man I'm obsessed with onions One of my favorite things in the whole world is a nice spicy onion I'll make you sh** That's right Here's a mobile in Boka, hello Hey, yeah Yes sir Long time call it, long time listener first time call it Yeah, God All right, I got a whole year report for you I'm driving down the road And what we'll get next to me I got in a white key shirt And he's driving a Chevy truck And he's bouncing his hiders showing off And what do I see? Pizza hot flag Thinking out the side of the truck I am a side, you know Great And Have a great day Right, I have a sitting observation frame, come on Come on, do a little burn that sitting observation Open line and bro, 560, 560, 560 And the mobile one line, I'm telling you The pastor has got the woodpecker worked up again today Make no mistake about it I've always thought which day she's a young kid The pastor has got that woodpecker or a vibrant and like crazy today Here's Palm Beach, hello Hey Neil, how you doing bud? Okay, buddy All right, listen, I just got out the phone earlier Sally Early with your partner here, producer And he kind of likes the idea For from 92 to 95 I recorded over 300 bits on all these The sets and I know you can't use some of them But I remember you guys talking about the day the 80s died It's a parody on On by by American pie You're trying to figure out and I have all these concepts And I know that you guys either lost them or Roy messed it up Or somebody lost a lot of these concepts and I told George I had the whole list of over 300 parodies that I could send him And the ones you can play He can send it back to me And then I'll put it on a master tape And then I can send it back to you Great, sound effects on Outstanding Is there an ear? The one I have right here, the one Um The Brower, the date, you know, Brower County I don't know if you could play as you can And cut me off, but here it is I like what you call it The questions that are really long Like about 3, 4, 5 I can't stop, I'm going to put the guy in the hole Maybe he'll come back if we're lucky You can get the information from him and he'll send us this stuff I didn't think he was going to break into a thing A plan of stuff over the phone Did we expect that? No So let's just see if he comes back on there I'm just cross your roof thing Because if it's as good as that stuff, let's go for it Here's Pomp and O, hello Hello, Neil Yes sir, I'm actually calling from inside a house And now I'm mobile phone And in Pomp and O Wow, hey, I don't know if you've been out I'm sorry to wait I don't know if you've been clicked through stations While you've been attempting to do the show today With the collars between the collars and the carpenters But I couldn't believe what I saw in CNN I saw a big campaign banner And who's sitting up there? Mr. Dan Kuell Oh yeah You got to be kidding me He's sitting there with one finger in his mouth The other one in his recto And he really believes people are going to vote for him How could anybody even conservatives? I mean, how could anybody in the right mind of the audacity I got this for you So, a little miniature pincher has got a better chance to get any Republican nomination than he's got He's got none Unless the none I hear all Like the public is going to be soon to forget about his psychosis Of a dumb shell like Murphy Brown and the fact that he doesn't vote That's right It's unreal That guy too colors together He's walking proof that too much bad weed Well, if you had a little bit of a brain to begin with You won't have much left There you go In honor of niggardly And the upcoming Easter season How about all you can email me, grow I'll work on it Okay I have a great day We have an open line in Broward 56050560 Pont 560 on a mobile And I'd like that Elizabeth Dolbich See the networks are bored The tears Because they know that all this penis gay thing is going to end tomorrow And then maybe there if there's a censure thing They'll talk about that Friday And they all got their plane reservations Not on American I hope to go home after Friday So you know that they're not going to drag the sound Anyway shape perform So now we got to move on to something new And exciting for them And they're actually talking about Elizabeth Dolb Like there are really people out there who are going to vote for her Like she really has some business running for president Not bad enough that her husband was a dead man running for president And got his ass kicked And anybody in the world believes that she Oh no chance Who's got a better chance Elizabeth Dolb or Dan Quill I would say neither one I'd say even Stephen None N-U-N zero Zippity Duda But they'll waste their time Just like they did with little Ross P. Roker's liver king had a monorory We would kill Philip and I You know what I get And I ask him to do Like Tammy said over and over And I always thought she was crazy Or the bedbug The media is sick and he's got bad news So they try to shove all of these Non-person down your throat Next thing that we try to shove that Tiki winky thing down your throat That purple thing Right the Ever have a purple thing Shove down your throat He blows too much You're in trouble There's nothing like the smell of fine paint On the lazy Saturday afternoon To get high on that's right Sniffing paint is a great way to Unwind on the weekends Forget all the chemically engineered Neurosomuens Those crazy self-American drug lords are designing This is the real thing Ah, sniffed Since little boy In the penpah had really Hacks Not money Not much But Taka Today we're going to bring Gioff and Lisa Paint days or ever When you want to kick back Relax And fry your brain to big And then pick up a little bit Pick up a good old gallon of wallpaper I can see Me, myself He, he, he Available Everywhere Property of 560WQM The headgoal version show From Shoveless Day 2 Coming up at 2 o'clock Booshami It's 6th at Capone Chronicambling show Ten o'clock tonight Produce J members Or need to be Here's the fact It's got a lot of interesting Because the address On the facts In the top says Clear Channel Soft Florida So somebody on the inside Over there has facts This very brief note Which we already knew But it's bears repeating It's a John Ford is so far A Peter Bouldier's ass The only thing sticking out is a shoe Didn't remember John Ford Didn't had a morning show For about 2 months there I'm stupid talking Then all of a sudden He had that 0.6 or 0.5 Or even worse than mr. Ego And he disappeared Now he's doing the news on the Rickham's Pod Show That John Ford What is he he's a creative monster? Now, that's what Harry penis our former program and by the way anybody seen him lately Harry penis how about Tommy Cramer know about Ron and Ron? No, how about Grego no Scoot no Mike church no Any day of the great town they put on there the packs and then queer channel people no, huh? What a shock here's a mobile and keep this game hello? Yes, sir Yes, is this Neil speaking how are you great good? I had to call you I've been listening to you for many years. I've never called but I got a new CD from From the singer that you were playing and she's absolutely wonderful But what's what's what's the reason? Carpenter Why do you say the singer? I wasn't I wasn't expecting I've been waiting on on the phone for an hour And I just you surprised me when you came 15 that's in 15 seconds Okay, don't exaggerate you have a timer there. Yes. I'm exaggerating. Yeah, but I'm having a great day How about you so far so good great the best best call is in my life? Well, at least the most of my life anyway, which is a lot more important than the cause what you have for life Okay, let's go to Mobile in for Lauderdale. Hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir Hey a long time wish that I've been listening since you're off to a latest on the egg But it's the first time I call right I'm not sexually dysfunction it and I've never been less than oh my god, you're the one I'm the one I'm on this moral majority issue When purple be just a part of the visible spectrum of light that got created and No, and God and it's bad code Yeah, God and it's infinite with them. One key of none at home effects will be associated with color So why would he create it? No You start to duplicate a pal don't let go of that something good thing Well, that's it. Okay, God bless you my child. Have a great day We have an open line at Broward one in date five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one on Yeah, I think what happened is I came on here this morning 10 o'clock and right over the box they could tell that I didn't sound like I was sick anymore And then I even mentioned that I saw Dr. Puskin y'all and yeah, right So as best tough as it was for them to keep up with me before which quite frankly most of them can now it's impossible Right, okay, and impossible Not a cone that that was the best call. It's only the tenth of February, but that was the way he said it But he's done the in no Maddick cone the intonation the whole ambiance of him the call the smell Everything No, seriously good smell those refried beans which I thought only Mexican day refried beans, but I guess you don't know that yet Nobody had be telling them yet Well, let's do the asshole and four miles first hello Yes, sir You're doing I'm game when I'm a closet A lot of bags over there in four miles while other class that there's one of them It's the purple people leader in drag we have two open line. I thought that was the pope when they'd like the guy said before when he put on those purple shrouds Remember that song 5 6 7 5 of 5 of 5 of 5 of 5 60 and in fact I would be surprised Jimmy Henry's must have been to a purple haze That was part of the bag pot the homosexual agenda You're not fooling us anymore Here's coconut creak hello Deal how you doing okay sir, boy sometimes as much as they'll pay you you could get battle pay. Yeah. I'm doing okay Long-to-date. I feel great. The off-top thing as long as you got your health a nice big fat paycheck in the pocket I mean who cares if that long since I stopped letting these people above him I don't give a crap that got something to say fine if not I'll take the check anyway I don't want to That's right to a clock. I might hear like I like a shot Two things I wanted to talk to you about was ramen. Yeah, Elizabeth Dowe versus Mr. Patate ahead Mm-hmm. I think just on the fact that voting for Elizabeth Dowe would take monical a wince key out of the headlines for a couple of years. I think that's worth it right there Yeah, all right And out of that bomb we're guarding the Panthers Papa Barry has shown up an awful lot of defects and and places where we lack Today you sent Steve Washburn down to what to the mind is to showcase them To try and trade him what about someone like Kirk Muller can't sit him down to the miners I know you can't sit him down to the market. But listen I was looking you know I heard somebody yesterday talked to a Denise poppin a hang show about while you know How about if we package Kirk Muller and you know and for a for a top line goalier That you know and I almost drove off the road and laughter nobody wants Kirk Muller doesn't this bosol I think that we've been trying desperately to get rid of Kirk Muller or we will take him You can't play anymore. What about his dead meat? What about packaging? Kirk Muller with the figure skater number 44 And they're gonna get rid of him. Are you kidding me? They're not gonna get rid of Robby He's the fairer book. He's like the Sam Duce bag of the Panther organization. They're obsessed with him They're obsessed with him, but he does absolutely nothing. He gets near the popman You have 15 goals. I'm not gonna defend him, but I would agree that he's highly overrated But it's in terms of getting rid of somebody. He wouldn't be the one I'd be looking at you What of now they got they got stiff. They got garplow. They got the Mueller. They got too many non entities on this team You don't think if they put like you got that citi space at the point of the package for for Doug Gilmour was a free agent sir Doug Gilmour is making $6 million a year There is no way in the world that Doug Gilmour is worth that he is worth $6 million a year or this team needs Doug Gilmour This team at the moment needs defenses what they need. That's what they need right now They need another maybe a good solid score, but they need some defenses in two or three guys. That's just one Doug Gilmour the idea that the black box ever paid $6 million a year They must be laughing our asses off in Jersey in fact on your idea Doug Gilmour's laughing his ass off They paid him $6 million for God that's 36 years old and his best days long behind him Well, that would probably be true in fact it is true in light of the fact that they're willing to pay up to two and a half million dollars of Gilmour Sound right but I still don't take him. I still would take him over Kirk Mueller or or need a mire Yeah, just to get a little bit of a scoring punch in there. I mean Mueller It's just better days. I mean you should just go back up to Kingston and But he's not gonna go there because Ryan Marie made a bad idea I mean you're trying to will something that happened and we can see there and talk about it and put the audience in a coma for the rest of his show It's not gonna happen nobody wants Kirk Mueller So we have to wait two years and then just let him go back up the camera there you go We'll pack him a sandwich. I mean we thought nobody wanted Dave Ganyan and Mike Burke was stupid enough to make that buray deal and take Dave Ganyan Is $2 million plus salary off our hand and we said yeah But that doesn't happen to often it was amazing But you know the one thing that I was afraid would happen Did happen and that's when Barry got on the ice he showed how many more Showed it just that we had no question that's the first thing that I said when he went out there other than Whitney You saw a lot of these other guys the glaring the efficiencies of their play and he shows it up Like like a magnifying glass Good luck to us pal. Actually have a great day We have an open line of date anybody want Kirk Mueller? Oh one and Broward 5 6 70 5 60 pound 5 60 and a mobile one line Good Kingston boy Kirk Mueller you want him come on My sack is like a symbol and my nuts are like for I don't even have enough the factors were I tried the solution that they're not loved But it's okay no bigger than a guy off the there's nothing I can do I only got a 3 and 2 You'll be disappointed when we reach my house But you won't know for sure if I'm a man or a mouse if they know big Mac or like a happy meal You can more that as fact in some your high You'll swear I would be enough Because I only got a 3 and 2 okay If I was a It looks like there's a peanut with other things It's got capillaries instead of things turks edition with opinion grave for Halloween augmented like a bugu Glow in Dynamic rule I only got a three to have them died I got a free ass to come here honey. He's got a free ass to come here honey. He's got a free ass to come here honey. He's got a free ass to come here. I can only find a free ass to come here. For 45 at 5.60 WQAM we have an open line in date of him move quickly like grease lightning 5.60. I'm actually on the way to how great lunch was today from Chuck and the sub center. God was that good meat. Here's Evan Chura. Evan Chura. Yes sir. How are you doing today? What's up with all these callers? Don't have a clue to what's going on. It was pretty bad day. Look, I want to talk to you about Harry Falwell and his comments. Yes. You know, my little brother went to a Christian school. You know, they have school colors where? Purple and gold. Oh my God. And not, you know, and how many pictures have you seen? I've been to a lot of churches. And you see pictures of Jesus up in the church when the Bible. Yeah. I think it's time that you see them when like this big purple sash on or whatever. Right. Jesus wasn't gay. Oh my God. Oh yeah. What do you mean if you read the Bible, he never had sex with women. So what does that leave, you know? Yeah. Well, not to think about. You know, I would like to take like dairy far well and just, you know, get like a huge purple dog and stick it up his rectum. Yeah. But I think somebody beat you to it. Oh, you think that's probably that's why you think it's probably a crowded is rectum. Yeah. I know. Madam material. Hey, can I call somebody a douchebag? Yes, sir. Will you or a douchebag? Okay. And take that thing out of you. Well, we have an open line of day. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. All divided away of my mother's listening. Joe Costello was witnessing the my signing of your thing already. Okay. He's a third in the last. The final witness. No, seriously. We had Marvin Gasing and before. Can I get a witness? And finally we got it. I want to testify. The parliament's are doing it right now. We got the three signatures on air. It's kosher. It's in the mail. It's done with. She has been bugging me and bugging me about this thing. Like I'm going to crow before she does. And she's not going to wind up getting her guy damn kind of any of it or in Hollywood. Something to confess you about. And you know, something towards keeps. Since yesterday show, two words keep coming back to my mind. All night long. I was waking up in a middle night. And the two words kept resounding in my mind. Nursing home. Oh, my god. I just, maybe that's why I feel so much better today. Huh? I feel like I've had a cleansing experience mentally and physically. Yeah. Just dummy up. Okay. Sweetheart. It's done. It's a done deal. You're in. Okay. If I cook for you. You got it. Don't hold your breath. Here's a mobile and west palm beach. We're all like, I'll let the leaves get in there. They want to stop with the makeup just because we're riding down the street. They're all. Yeah. And it's really to share some of your good stuff with them. I have a better route to do. Okay. Give it a shot. Yeah. We have an open line at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. See, one thing about your makeup is most of our pretty nice people. They got the good weed. But a little on the, do I dare say it. One dimensional side. Do you know what? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. A little on the one dimensional side. Are to make room friends. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Hi, I'm out of the cool. Alright. Good one. Well, we had more calls from highly today. Man, did you shake your wand at 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5. So what's the deal with the AT&T line? What we're just in a limbo. We're just at the end. We're in limbo. It's in whose hands. AT&T. Well, why isn't in some lawyer's hands? And this is what I do not understand. Why is our so-called management people upstairs? And I sure do want to pick on Ben Downigan here today. I don't want to start picking on him in the delicate condition. He's in after Rimmer 2 of the ministry that they cause they didn't get that damn hockey show on the other night. But I mean, for crying out loud, you know, and this is one more reason, by the way, that we weren't ready to be over here yet, just to make Greg Reed feel safe and look better during this super bowl week, to be a sports big shot, which he denies. But we know it's the guy damn truth. Even GM Jr would have to admit that. We weren't ready. Before you put anybody in up there, before anybody moves anything, all of these things should have been done. They should have all been checked out, all of the things with the phone company. You could have been taken care of. Then you make the move. Not kind of like embarrass everybody along the way and make us all sound like a bunch of butt plubs. And the desperate to try to do a guy damn radio show because nothing works. And we have no offenses that works right. And the AT&T people can't get through and we're all screwed up because Greg Reed is up there trying to make himself look good. And what is he worried about? He's worried about the thing isn't coming to work here. Because the water not see up there. See, let me just, I want to lay something out for you. Ever going to work at this radio station if you're a prospective employee of WQAM. Unless you are one of the following four people. Follow what I'm saying, okay. You have no input here whatsoever. The water not see. Lu and the sales bitch up there. Our sales manager. Who am I leaving out? The nephew and San the Shan. Those are the four. That's the family, okay. Greg Reed and the court, even the Coralione family wasn't tighter than those five people right there. They were attached at the hip. They're so into each other's rectum. That's right. They're lips or any other's rectum. We just think about unless you're one of those, which is why our program director is not a bad guy but a little weak. But that's why he's having a nervous breakdown. He's he has no power. He is on a he's not part of the empowered group. Even GM Jr. San the Shan who does nothing tangible that we can trace to him. Nothing. Even he's got a thousand times the power that any program director here would ever have. It's on the gate of his Andrew Ashton of Wood. If it's Bluff Lindsey or some of those people out there are campaigning for Jersey gagging sucks. Okay. Okay, for that book plug that's finally the personality list of piece of turd It wouldn't make any difference who it was Because they don't have the power they don't have the naked pictures. They're not part of that inside group That's the family baby Here's a mobile in Naples hello Neil yes sir it bothers me every day thinking my spirits busted there has to put me to Catholic school all my life. Yeah, and I'm 26 year old and I realize there's no such thing as that crap I mean Jesus Christ was a radical hit the against the institution You know that in the fourth century they sold these things to wipe out people's sense of the bank the church wouldn't go bankrupt Uh-huh Crap is that by your way out of hell Hey, what's for them? Well, yeah sure, I'm definitely bankrupt right now They don't want to go in hell. They're in a box somewhere now on a ground or maybe just tell me I think you know what I think I have to turn it to maggots and basically Jesus Christ he hung out with locus Brainwashed a couple of people 2000 you should have think of me saying Gandhi was afraid and more and more those purple garments do by the way Yeah, you want to the story in a purple color out there back then it was a very rare die It was very expensive and only mad rich people like in the you know Kinds and queens and all that crap. That's why for me came the color of not a lot of the auto queens walking around and per You had a color in India along with a lot of a maggots in their ass cracks. I'm dying I'm a man. Yeah, that's what they said. Okay. Good luck to your pal. Check how the maggots Oh, it was maggots that were where I had to do with a purple not sagots. We just you're he got a letter wrong He's always missing by one letter. Maybe he's a lettering We have open line of day one and a row at five six 705 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Mobile in plantation hello. Yeah, sir. You're gonna love that I live out by you Me you want was out yesterday Clean around with all the channels give us new channels because all you know of the he's worked Yeah, so today the phone rings know the huge earth Go ahead It's not who you think it is okay Today the phone rings me one is on a phone and Yes, I had a yes get into those watching hot people talking in today. I don't have it right They offer to sell it for six dollars That's what hold on yes, so they get free today at six dollars It's so my lovely. I don't I don't get it. I understand and the pictures terrible Yeah, all fuzzy or said it ever was Well, y'all turn on whammy and see the heat game with a grainy picture that looks like a picture of the 1950s on the old doom on network I mean the game is gps into free for two months to hook us all all is hockey fans that were watching Hope to in a morning. Yeah, they take it away from us They know what they did and they tell them I can you the next eight kind of sell it to you two words come to mind small dish Small dish once all the hockey games you want How does this any a plant hate from what I'm doing? How do they let him do one? It's an awfully well, and are you're listening to me small dish? I gotta call you I gotta call you. I'm gonna call you out. I guess it's all this trust me Yeah, you can tell he's not gonna do it. I got to do it. It's cheap It's cheap but so cheap that it's embarrassing that these bastions upstairs didn't go out They could have called I heard Hank saying yesterday They could have called our good friends in a plant steaming depot they'd been right over They would have stuck the thing up in there form. Good could have traded it out for one spot But there's so terrified it might actually cost them some some money to do something tangible for the poor back to their work up there Bring it on my all the money in this place. It's as it's a scandal. It is scandalous how cheap this company is And I'm out of exaggerating it's unbelievable It's unspeakable don't even have an exterminator So the people that think they're getting rid of the bugs and erroaches from the other building We already got ants falling from the ceiling in here and it won't be too much longer Especially if they let Josh Freeman upstairs. It won't be too much longer before all the maggots are caught around in here too Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Well, yes sir How's it going okay This is a suggestion for the panders why don't they go to Russia and pick some defenders which you're talking they don't have And they obviously don't have but they have some pretty good players there. They're very cheap I mean they don't have to be too much money except for the Any whatever the national Cocky Lee go Russia they pay 200,000 or whatever it is. Yeah, you think that would be a good deal No, we have an open line in date 567. Oh, it's pretty obvious in the organization We don't have anybody but it is a pretty thin in the organization. That's very glaringly obvious right now. It's very suspect But I'm not gonna get started on that again because nobody here cares they have no idea They don't know a city space exit from Yaros love Spocket. Okay Here's Miami. Hello What do you think about circumcision what do I think about it? Yeah quite frankly. I don't what do you think about it? Okay, there's a lot of people that are against it and I wanted to say that's the best thing I ever did right amen Look, I said I'm all for it Cleaning this is next to Neil godly miss okay 10 is next to Oh God 9 is 50 pound five 60 on a mobile one line see we could tell where that guy's mind is that Right between his legs like most normal guys Here's a mobile and sunrise hello Yes, sir What are you calling to make a Jama-do not cool I didn't I sure you better get a ride said you may cool Yeah, you know to make a nut into the cool crap man They're not into cool crap. Don't you think you do you make this Wait a minute did you make a deep watermelon? No, when I apologize. Okay take it back We have an open line of Broward five six seven oh five sixty pond, but would you make it this great people great weed But one dimensional one dimensional narrow. They got to like expand their horizons a little bit Neil Roger show now one five sixty WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale it's the water to two hours You might earn any I obviously salute black history but yellow fine Jack Parking Join me for a look at the legacy of African Americans who contributed to the black culture of today And to more lip moms mainly Slappy white any Anderson Moscow leave Rahol Chelsea Brown Rodney Allen Ruby Eugene Robinson Tim Moore No fly Shirley Hampton Not that code on Lawrence Milton Jacob Melbourne or Melito Lowanda page Sample Jacky mole fucker Marina Buckwheat Stepan magic circle Burgess means way Not free Cambridge Let's men male by their fly McQueen Johnny Brown William Tyler Dan Lester Paul this one On All the Okay, it's 102 at five sixty WQM Hanks coming up at two Burgess six Eddie Kaplan 10 o'clock tonight We have an open line in Broward two and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line Here's Miami Beach, yellow Neil, how you doing? Okay sir Yeah, but the Jerry Powell comment Other the question right there are the ones that are destroying this country Does it matter if the president gets a bull job or not? The real issue is that the Christian right Is destroying this country in Jerry Falwell? I hope you drop dead you fat son of a bitch Okay, thank you. Well pass it along pass it along George Marketown We hope you drop dead you fat pony smugg looking son of a bitch You bigoted bastard in drag and by the way he's probably wearing purple clothing and a shirt Ah, you think so Yeah, what's that church in Lynchburg that he's got the something ridge Some of it. They're always on a ridge and maybe he'll jump Dave County's open five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line We apologize for our AT&T people with their mobile phones, but don't blame me. Don't blame George don't blame the engineers blame our management Because they had the big rush there was no bombs rush right Greg tell us another good mile. Okay with a straight face Here's a mobile in four waterdale. Hello Neil. Yeah Let me have a brother where great friends of yours and you like to talk to you. Hold on Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, what's up with the heat man? They look like garbage last night, man. Yeah, and you know what? Yeah, you sound like garbage. We have an open line in the Broward, all three and day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line What are how long they've been practicing that they've been working on it and the call to here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Diane, yes sir. I will tell you very full of that of the status case. I think I've ever seen a television But anyway, I wanted to thank you for basically saving my job about six months ago. You did a Skit that very much helped me you just get on your nation and I had a urination problem in that whenever I went to the bathroom I'd rip your in on my pants. Yeah, you had to adjust it to put a piece of toilet paper tissue on the tip of the penis just a stop that's ripping All right, you remember that no, you don't know anyway I'm not entirely. Hello, I'm having these hallucinations. I've been having them about eight months And when you did that Skit, it really as I said it helped me tremendously And I was yeah, you can believe I'm balancing it that kind of bathroom and you have a big urine stain on your pants Yeah, but anyway, you solved that problem Well, as far as the other staying goes, I sent her a paper there like before you will put your pants on Two open lines a day two and a row or five six seven five six seven five see I know we actually got a McGonar from about an hour. We had one hour today. We got a little bit of the Carpenters did it Huh, that's what Jesus said the guy damn Carpenters did it five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty. Oh, I guess we'll play this You You Good shots there right in the time now. Okay, 106 at five sixty WQAM. Here's a mobile and four-loader deal. Hello True Dan Kwell, what about your dad and Burke? Oh good. Okay, we got a new one now. We got a Tommy Denner guy a new chronic five sick. We got one call after the board got the Carpenters in good voice today By the way, she hasn't sounded as good since they later back out of the box five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th wireless line Here's a mobile on the alley hello hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir pound five sixty is not working them At pound five I just got to talk and I understand it. I try all of that. I wanted to verify I'm going through the alley and it doesn't work. It doesn't work if you got 18 team. That's right. Hey, listen Because they got to cut out hooked up to a dead number in our management are sitting around with their thumb up each other's hands exactly. Hey, listen. I kind of pulled about the viagra for the Department of Defense people that's six pills you get a month, so you know you got to use them wisely. Yeah over at the VA that we're in you're allowed to sick. So don't Shoot it all in one skirt and it's so this tomorrow's done by the list of Friday is finished. They're going to be sent in monoclever. She's going to be making the grand tour also Exactly the other thing is this basketball strike did wonders for me watching hockey. I'm now become a hockey fan It's a great job. I'm going to tell you something people that watch professional basketball. I mean some of college basketball is still pretty good But people watch the NBA are people with no lives whatsoever. The NBA is a freak show. It is the biggest waste of time Anybody who watches the NBA needs to you know just lay down in a box and then save the oxygen the fresh air for somebody who really has a life That's right. I'm done with it. But listen. What's those initials they have on a front of the jerseys like Hello, I'm listening. Yeah, the initials on a front of the jerseys like an A on needle mires uniform. What does that represent? Alternate captain there is a one captain and two alternates which means that the captain got bad diarrhea Or he's suspended or something then the alternates one of them takes over Cool, right Neil. Thanks. We have a great day needle mire need a pair We have an open line of day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line portions of our show are brought to by our future's pride road till because good meat shouldn't go to waste and now back to our show There we go. Hey, yeah, my name is France Eugene Thomas, friends of course you're nominated for the Supreme Court And you know there's not some people's out there. And thank you. I just hope you little mayor water when I was in college And it wasn't that the but a pin joint. Yeah, maybe you guys that you're an or a milio They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court Yeah, I got a bunch that's who this quick can get out of here. I want to show straight when I start reviewing the law I know just reviewed it all There you go I've been talking and I told you to the ease and I told you to the West and I told you why not look up Santerdale Connors dress I'll be talking This go very one y'all One fourteen at five sixty wc and by the way, we had a total stranger walk eight about ten minutes ago Stuck his head in the door said I got a message for a Sam douche bag your promotions man He said most of us around here don't like you. Okay. Let's go to a mobile in the Grove. Hello Anya what's the poll question today poll question is K Paso and the big city. I need to know is we not a I Tell you that's really like from Lake Donald. Yes Now where does freaking people fly on planes man There was this guy sitting in front of me he he was so the weird people probably fly without planes But this guy thinks so much underneath his arms every time you reach Oh, don't you love that. Oh my god, and then every Probably French they all listen to this. He put his head right next to the window and he left like up like a thick inch Layer of grease on the window the airplane. Yeah. Oh my god. What a gross with test piece of crab guy All unbelievable tell us Puerto Ricans to stay home Unbelievable hey every time you know I understand exactly every time you say that this is a death count We try to travel as much as we can several times a year and Every time I have to come back home, you know I go inside that airplane tunnel in reverse man because I hate coming back Yeah, but as soon as they heat the human in the dream Oh my god, and you ain't that right. It's like they just liked you out in the middle of a tropical rain forest somewhere Unbelievable. Okay. Good luck. Okay. Oh, she was request that you're making gone just on you have. I'm going to work on it. Have a great day. Papa papa papa just come down relax. I know you're happy to be here. We have an open line in date 5 6 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line How could a man with a bad haircut like that come down here standing as their way and pretend to see he thinks That because he's the general manager and part owner whatever whatever titles he's you know assessed himself he thinks that because he says something We're going to agree or we're going to accept it as fact to which I would say I'm not an ask is okay Just like when he came down here this morning Now I give him the business about that Sam douchebag stuff and about to the stuff. No about this and George Zoolin is show And then Sam comes down here with an even funny or lying. He was so concerned about me. Oh my god. He's concerned about me and how I'm feeling man. You're you're as transparent as a piece of thin glass. Okay. As a piece of clear plastic Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello. I'm the all I do. Okay, sir. Couple of couple things once You bake fuel for calls, you know you're showing very entertaining. I'm real. I listen to the average listener. I mean the average caller you get like four seconds there time you hang up on us Well, they don't have anything. What would you like me to do with it? I'm kind of a little bit like you seem to have something funny to say you cut them off. Like what? Give me an attention. I don't know what they're next to say, but I'm entertained and also they're gone down. You know, I was on the other words the entertaining calls I cut short. Is that what you're saying? Yep, that's right. Now what was that? Give me an example. Last five colors. So maybe one of them got to talk more than 30 seconds. Okay, but I'm surprised you let me on this long. God. Please don't put that gun just long. It's about as entertaining as cancer of the colon. Please don't play one. That gun just on that guy just asked. Please don't put something offensive like even at the Y or something like that. And he's right. Who's on much? Much too long. Hit down in Jamaica in the town of being. Okay. We have an open line of day one and Brad. I don't have time for that thing right now. I see this is a radio show. I'll play the once in a great while if the mood just strikes me if it's so whatever. I might play something you want to hear a request. And then we do our holidays all request day, but then the word works smoking here today. We got all these great calls like this last boring guy. He was all right. It was just trying to be a Osha on provocative tour. Did it work? No. No. Nice try sir. And you were on much too long. You're right. There's a mobile info allotted out. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. That's an I work on the 17th street. God way. I got a. I get a hair of your perfect. Yeah. I'm up in the tower. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm the first tender. Yeah. I work up and now. I get it as much sir. I get your perfect. Great. And I don't have anything against that. So I'm going to use the play. What if we want to toss the guy off the thing? And all that's good. Nothing like a bridge. It's good. The buddy. Yeah. The. The. Okay. Don't jump. We have an open line at Broward five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the 18th. Why was lying? I'll come. I'm sorry that I'm off like a little bit. You ought to be used to that on this station. Well, I don't know about you. The good shot like some stupid. Any. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. Open line of day. I guess he was not long enough either. Just long enough to say. I guess I should let that go. Two right. No. Five six seven. Five sixty. You're on the 18th. Well, you're show is great. But you'd love people on longer. You cut them off too fast. And by the way, how come I'm still on. You know, the more I think about that guy. He was pretty entertaining. Talk come. I'm still on. He was like in shock that he actually was on that long, which is why I left him on that long. He was just waiting for the dial tone. He was Jones in for it and the tone too. And what do you want to hear? One of your something disgusting like are you searching for a new sensation in dining? Your tired of that same old bumping grind. Then why not revisit an old friend and eat it to why? That's right folks because here at the why. We've turned our old facility into a mouthwatering buffet. And you've never seen a red like this one. Featuring some of the most still vicious on trace. You've ever tasted and if you like eating Mexican, let's go buy because every night is at the night. Or you enjoy the taste of wild meat. Our chef for Pharaoh, looking for a safe rabbit, baked in a golden flower crust. That's right. Airpies, it's all here. Literally mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steak, cooked medium rare. Because when you eat it the why, all of the meat is in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual hunt. Red hot chicken, you'll think. Talk about a piece of ass that brings their theorized. Get lift second good to shoot both on a mess. Oh, the next time shoot it out, light on down to the why. Just kidding, just know it's a pretty hot way of the meal for one egg. She's a bowl. That'll fix that thing. It's on fire. I'll tell you what it's fire. It's just a little bit of a giant penis when I see her. Of course, listen, if you're one of those, I'm cut messes. You ought to get your penis fixed because it is broken. I know, I know it works, but I mean, if it ain't broken, don't fix it. Here's tort Saint Lucy. I'm terrified who this might be. Hello. Lord Neil, are you certain? Yes, it is. Yes, it is. What? I can't hear you. How are you doing? Is this that idiot Greg and boy and tort Saint Lucy? My name happens to be Greg, but it's not an idiot. Oh. But is this that chronic Greg? I would say formally. Yes. No, not formally. Currently. What did I tell you before I punched it up? I knew it was. I know. That's why they call me. Dude, yeah. Right. Before I even punched the line up, I knew which butt plug, which chronic pain in the ass. And guess what? By the way, we don't read your facts. They go right in the circular file. Greg and Andy from Hollywood, we're going to have an on the ear wedding. Right here on a radio. That's right. And then in Blessed Union right here on the ear. A match made in heaven. And then the guy with the eyes and the guy with a fanny pack. Those two guys, we're going to marry them off on the ear. Yeah. Gilbert and the thing. We're going to get in. Huh? We're going to make a shit off as they say in the other. That's with these, by the way. That's what they say. That's what it's called like making a match is what that means they should off. In fact, let's get Rabbi Lipschitz in here to make it. Here's a traffic report on a mobile hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, this is Mike. I'm traveling south on a turp like I didn't know if you had any reports yet. Oh, yeah. But you're the first. All right. Hope it showed you road. Everybody exit there to traffic. Expect up for a long, long way. I just looked at you turning and going down from having you on the set. Just letting your listeners know. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Have a good one. Okay. Let's start. Pick report people on our traffic report people because otherwise, like I've told you before, for the audience, we have no. I think I had to call about the, the, the, uh, the Tony Martin rest two days ago. On the sports wire upstairs, did they have it? No. Thanks, ballistic and psychotic that they didn't have it. Huh? And rightfully so. I mean, we have no communication with the outside world. That's because Greg Reed is going up there. Oh, look at the nice new studio we built through you guys for your ungrateful bastard. And your studio will be ready someday too, Neil. someday. Wow. We can't wait to move the same marginal traffic weapon that keeps bustin' down that we got sitting in front of us right here up by one floor. It would be a, would be a, would be a room the size of a broom closet and me with a smaller studio, but maybe a couple microphones, nice shiny mics. Wow. I mean, this man's concept of radio broadcasting is, uh, uh, there. Here's a mobile and highly, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. You tried to run you to go from Nick to go. We don't need you to go. We don't need you to go. Which one, the Maddocott? It's Compechi. No, I tell him what the real deal is. Okay. Whatever that means. Well, you got your own little deal going. You're special back and forth. What is he saying? He's milking it for all he can. Something like that. We have an over-operative license, and one in Broward. Five, six, zero, five, 60 and pound by 60. I did, I just realized how stupid I am. You might have kind of a moron. Uh-huh. Just because it's written on a log here, because we have this arrangement with mobile one. We do one hour. We do the alternate hour with AT&T. And I'm saying AT&T wireless pond. What's the point? Like I said, the mobile one line. They're going to have to get all four hours today until our good close friends at AT&T. Can get there a supervisor's another asshole straight enough. You get the number forward into the right number. All the AT&T people that are calling me. I can't know. I know wonder. I apologize profusely for being such a moron. Okay? I can first right now. I'm a great A moron. Right. Because just by force of rabbit, I keep repeating that over and over again. And there's either go get in the could dialing. And it's dialing up 930,000, which is disconnected. And they're getting... That is what they're getting. I don't want to be pushing. I realize it's just on the air. Okay? Which obviously, if you listen to the station last week, painfully obvious that the people upstairs don't care about what's on the air as long as the spots get on. But that's nothing new. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. And even if you can't understand the spots, then you'll care about that. Just get them on. Yes sir. Good afternoon. When is Tardais? I've got the ultimate port of story. Yes. I will happen to go to the gig tonight. Yes. And it's on. Thanks Mercedes pulls up and is very attractive when we get out. And she gives the per ticket to Miami police officer. And tells them if you could give it to a needy child. So maybe we can go to the game free. The cop says, okay, he keeps the tickets. And about five minutes later, he calls over one of the scalpers. And he gives him the ticket to tell him he better give me half. All right. Yeah, okay. And then the cops really come up with another good story. Okay. We have another open line in day five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT. I didn't realize there were so many Cuban, would be authors and poets out there. They just don't know it. I mean, they got fiction. They got science fiction. They got all kinds of bubble mice is what they got. Told God, Neil. Sometimes art imitate life. But in the case of Eddie Murphy, life imitate art. Such as Beverly Hills, cuffs things of feel. Hey, Julie, you might have to take my hand up your foot. The hell is that? Or trading places. That's it. You sit on this. And out. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 48 hours. And many hours. It can be the service. And the nutty professor. I know it's not that, but that was it. But I have to say it. I thought that he was it. And we can't forget coming in America. That is coming to America. Sometimes life in art go hand in hand. Just like Eddie Murphy and his prostitute. One pretty wanted five, sixty WC. And by the way, the guy that called about twenty minutes ago and said that he was on too long for thirty seconds. He worked. He was right. I mean, when you're right, you're right. And when I'm wrong, it's pretty rare. But anyway, he was right. God should be good. It's been destroyed. Been boochered by the audience. I did one to mention a lot of you. And they killed Jack in a box. What are some of the other ones? They killed just over and over a pedative. The bridge tender. Of course he's been dead for years. Young Neil. They killed that. Ross did you. They butcher that. I mean, they just. Oh, I'm a good. And the same now with God. But would you know, was good in the beginning, like once every couple of weeks. And they just wanted hear the sick. And we're going to play a marriage a week and song. Play something short. There you go. For it in sweet. He. He. He. He. He. He. He. Okay. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? That's it with Rob Weinberg. We're like an adult like a real human level, as a voice, and unique and unique about what. Galena... On theOW, let's sayодно, hear us. Rebecca, hello. Height Tony. Neil Gray? Lisley, King. Roll. Ació. C-One got the ticket to the co- değ. to garden center at the back of the store. Oh yeah. Nobody there. Okay. All right. Okay. You have a good time. I'm going back anytime soon. We have an open line at Broward. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Although I tell you what, I will admit this. Okay. I'm not too proud to admit this. I bought myself a great like not a winner jacket, not that heavy, but like the next in between the winner and the spring jacket for up north for my many, many trips were a little bit on the cool side. And came art. I mean a beauty. And like real cheap, not that I'm looking for price you understand, and I want to those cheap passes, but it just happens to be like the guy said, really easy to get in and out of there because there's nobody shopping there. They're all across the street at Walmart, by the way. And if you got the patience to wait 20 minutes online, I know problem. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I got a shameless request. My wife works for Cosmetics Company and called Gables and she makes a lot of lotion. Yeah. Can you play lotion in the basket so she can hear it? Can you put some lotion in the basket? How's that? Okay, we have an open line and a drawer. What? Didn't I play it? Yes. So what's the problem I played? It works the lotion in the basket. Yeah. And just to show you what a nice guy I am, I'll even play. I'll even play the lotion in the basket. And I'll even play the f***. What's the problem? But that's it. Because then I don't want to ruin that body augmentation thing. That's too good to ruin, you know what? Don't you think that's too good to ruin? This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction? Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation does not have a press surgery face lift. All of these things. Mm-hmm. It does. I'm always like starweight. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants, though? Uh, I can't be done. No, no, no, no, no. They would do it right away. It's the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamb stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, we'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that one we see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. What would you like to make in the point, eh? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um, my name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'd love to. It's a lotion in the basket. I understand. It was the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make it a point when you want to call me back? It works the lotion in the basket. I got my skin suit in the bulletin. Can you pull that glacial? Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like it? It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point when you want to. It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. What 36. Yeah. I'm glad that I was able to play that for you. Sure. Make your wife very happy or whoever else who was for your girlfriend or both. I think. I'm just hoping. I'm hoping. Yeah. Because I played that. So like all the calls I had in there, you noticed I can't have them dropped off. Because they don't want to wait to that again. I don't want you to feel bad about that unless you want to. Open line of day two and a row of thanks to that last caller. 5.6705. 60. Town 5. 60 on the mobile one line. Stop saying that you idiot. Jesus Christ. I'm a moron. Took me off. All of these years till today. To realize how God damn stupid I am. Stop saying that. Okay. Pound 5. 60 on the mobile one line. Got it. Thank you. Christ on my demand. Here's my email. Mr. Rogers. Yes. I do it today. Okay. You know, so glad I'm getting out of here. Now remember why I left the first time. Right. Well, I at least I want to go to Delaware with it. And admit that they don't have a post. But I get I do that. You going to where? Back to Delaware. Delaware? Yeah. Where? I'm going back down. And I'll eat. I admit that they don't have a post. Hey, listen. What kind of gift me your CDs? I only have like two of them. I've like 93 and 94. Call center one. I got him. Center one. Five, six, three. Five, six, three. 3600. Thank you very much, Mr. Rogers. Thank you. And have a great life. See you. Well, I think. I will. Okay. See you at Brandy Wine. Not to close the down because they were embarrassed to be in Delaware. Well, I've driven through Delaware once. In fact, once upon a time. I was going to go to, and I must have been silly because it's real close to Delaware. Right. Right across the bridge. And I was going to go to the track at Brandy Wine, which at that time, a harness track was still open. And I drove across the bridge. And I started driving through this neighborhood. And I turned around and I said, I'm going back across the bridge to Jersey. Well, we're over to how I came from. You don't want talking about just to get the, it was just, I mean, it was like twilight, but it was darker than you expected to be a twilight. You follow what I'm saying. It was like real fester. I mean, real dark. And I thought, whoa boy, you know? So I can Chicago when you go to like, one of the, one of the, Washington park used to be. And I was sportsman's park and you go to Cicero. Remember that, you weren't there with us on that trip when, when Mitch Ween and the Sheryl, who were married at the time, which was really amusing. And I, we drove to the track. And we look at him. And he was a strawberry shortcut. And unfortunately there was all this construction going on. They had you like all these detours to be very, very dark neighborhoods. And I can remember Mitch Ween looking around and going, over and over and he keeps saying, oh, can I come to a staff sign? Yeah. Like when we ran into the polar at the, what's Carl and hotel, he went, which I guess is why they're not married anymore. Oh, maybe she was doing that too much. 21 until 2 at 5. 60. So anyway, what were you telling me before about Bob Green? Nothing. Well, I was strong out on drugs and a few down the road, because that was filled with his liquor and looms. All right. We didn't want the man with a cop at his feet, and I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You. I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You. I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You. I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You. I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You. I'm a friend of Phil Novel. You.You. You. been fell with you. After dinner and yea going on, you pressed on her approved. You fue<|oc|> fountain club to hear go you're still in a queue, who the veneer for two years. To be there cra bit nobbe powers up © © This is the one for the second thing once Mr Ali never sandys. If you liked your jam, I'm going to turn now if there's no floor. Won't you give me 12 steps? Give me 12 steps, fine. If give me 13, maybe more. No. I'm getting real tired of rolling my pages. Then roll one point for me. Drop me to the details. Okay, 12, what is it? 145, 1245, 10 full time for all the people listening on the audio net. We have two open lines in date, 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line, because the other one ain't working right now. We must have a lot of suckers yet. I mean, a lot of generous people yesterday, because we had 8 million calls yesterday and 99 percent of them were mobile calls. We had even people calling in complaining about the fact that most of our calls were mobile calls. And since the AT&T thing was working, maybe I got everybody switched over to mobile one I only wish but I'm sure I don't have everybody yet. Either that or the other people were paying for it. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, going once. Like I said, they're tied to paying for it. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello? Yes, man. Yeah, I was, um, I just wanted to tell you the pound, 560 working. And you have AT&T? Yes. It is working. I do have AT&T in it. As of when? In other words, it dialed you to this number? Yep. I love like a minute ago. Like magic. All right, God bless you, sweetheart. Okay. Well, thank AT&T. No, thank you. Because they wouldn't tell us. It wouldn't tell us. She must work for AT&T. Do you believe that? If you got an AT&T mobile, try it right now. Okay, pound, 560. You don't have anything to say. Let's just see if she's a fitness the right stuff. Or if it's just AT&T propaganda. I believe her, don't I? No. Come on, let's see. Let's see a mobile on AT&T real quick. Let's get them all lit up there. Do you get one yet? No. No. Here's a lady in Laterdale by the sea. Hello? Hello. Yes, man. What is that? Thank you. Brought. Micking. Is it not beautiful? Can you believe that? That's pathetic. Open line and Brought to a date, 560, 560, 560, I'm some line. I'm whichever line is working. You know what they say about Mickey work, don't you? He's an asshole. Here's a mobile and pep. Hi, and chill out. Hello, honey. Yes. We got a nice little piglet for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Eastbound. It's in Eastbound. Eastbound. Eastbound. University Drive right in front of these Eastmings. They have four curves. East, white women. Eastbound University Drive. That's East of University Eastbound. I find a robot. Excuse me. Yeah. For the BCC, the pork is not there. A little radar gun. Got it. Thank you, sir. By the way, I saw the plantation forkers with just one biker there, a pork by pork. Whatever he was. This one. On how you this between sunrise and Howard again. You know, then, by the way, guess what I started doing this one, which I've never done before. And I apologize that I've never done it before. It's easy to sit in the under receiving end of generosity. From other people flashing their headlights to warn me, which a nice lady did this morning. And then as I passed the pork porcup. There was a, she was right. I was right. I was right. I thought, well, I'm going to do the same thing. And all the way down the bar. Go to bar this morning. I flashed him to warn everybody that. I was waiting in the woods. Yes. Three confirmations from AT&T working. AT&T is working. Oh, thank God. Like I said, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How do you like that? Somebody finally wise up in the made the switch over there. Got it forward in the right number. Hallelujah, baby. I think I'm taking up religion now. I'm putting on my purple robes in my purple shroud. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to compliment you on the long time lister who's moved out of the area of the Boston. Yes. And through the doctor, I can die out of a lot of 53 to half a pound. Well, why do you want to compliment me? I haven't launched it. We haven't. Do you want to do the gun? What is it? A major difference in my life also turned me on the hockey. But just by the back and down, I wanted to thank you for being such a positive Impulse. Oh, God bless you. That's the first. Okay. Keep it up. Thank you so much. Well, I guess I won't see him in the Quincy market. I'm because they got that good child. But that's not on the end. Loaded with curbs. Open line and Broward to and date. We already got the AT&T thing. Okay. Don't be calling the word. I can affirm. We got 50,000 confirmation. Okay. It's working. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound five. 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How does it excite to say that again? No.