4T Radio 560 W2AM Miami-Torlider Delphors and the Neo Rodgers show to talk to Neo called 5T. ROL! 056B toll free for David Rowered, 4T 560 on your cell phone. ROL! ROL! ROL! Is there anyone else on the show? ROL! I'm not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, be easily read acquisitions or the be easily broadcast group. ROL! Neo Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA have been first. ROL! ROL! ROL! Is there anyone else on Sports Radio 560 in the world when the screening days meet the best of the girls in the closet? No more! That's what gay day is for. It's a gay day after all. ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! ROL! Will be holding hand in adventure land and watch the lies of an elite marching band Will make your wrist straight with a kiss on the cheek. It's a gay day after all. We can wear tight shorts, pay the gold one, make a pair of mask arrows like silly days week and mince. So, way as we transcend such a gay day after all. We can still have a liberty ball hosted by a rich family and group ball, fair and bird and monkey rock, not too mentioned. People like hot, pizza day day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. It's a gay day after all. We got hanging out of your shirt. Oh, you know. Cirqueyway. Anybody want to buy a big, a bootleg black tildo? Huh? Go see. Go see. ROL! Oh, maybe Joseph Gacky's got him too. He's right next door to it. ROL! Okay. Where do I start today, you know? Where do I start? I came in here with one agenda like a regular show and then all of a sudden for a minute, we've been terrorized by a madman. We've been terrorized by someone grossly, grotesquely, whose behavior is unacceptable. I don't want to mention Todd Drec on the year, but I will anyway. I'm sitting here mind in my own business, clippin some stuff out of the newspaper, George is in there doing this thing, whatever he's doing. And we're, you know, mind in our own business, get away to do a radio show. Trying to put the new book of Brian bits in his business. Yeah. I'm around to do all of them by the way, because somebody came in here. Two people came in here. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, you know, I realize I did go in there and I took a look at the studio to so I could see my mentor Gildy and I'm calm down a little bit. Okay. Gildy is my hero. He taught me my new philosophy of life, which is, I don't give a shot anymore. Right. And he's right on target. Thanks, Gildy. You're my hero. And you know, something for last couple of months, generally speaking, I've held it that pretty well. Generally speaking. Now, when it came up with my paycheck a day late, I didn't make an exception there. It frosted my ass a little bit as a matter of fact. I was heading up to dinner last night, which I'll tell you about later. Heading out to dinner and managed to just come on here. And he started out and he was talking about the fact that they thought the ball game was going to be at 830 to pre-game last night. It turned out to be 930 and it was still a little else anyway. But nevertheless. And then he got a message from Duff that he would have to work three hours last night or three and a half or whatever. And that there would be compensation though because there actually would be some checks and a mailbox when it came in. And then he proceeded to read the dates on the pay checks that he got. The first one was 411. Then there was one 418. These are the dates that the checks were written, okay, over Naples. Then there was one 511 and 518. So in other words, 411 adds well over two months ago. And he made an excellent point. He said the measly read people. He said, this is the way they do business. They would rather have the money in their bank account than you have it in your business. And you have it in yours as long as possible. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. You know, I squeed myself with the seven. I was so, you know, the fact that somebody else had the balls on this station to tell a like it is. And I was going mad dog. There's the one guy. Oh, right. So fucking he is. That's right. That's the way they do business. But you know something even the check. Okay. It showed up right in the early of the next morning. It was one day. I mean, not the way you really do business. But nevertheless, crap happens. Okay. I don't have an herbice breakdown about it. And I didn't. But this morning, I'll make an exception. Because I already had an herbice breakdown in this place. Thanks to first screw-in, our sales manager comes in here. Speaking of Roy. And that big black dildo. Screw-in comes in here. And I want to picture this scene. It's about the eight, forty. Because I'm in here. I don't know that it's Tuesday. So my maid comes on Tuesday. I leave the house earlier on Tuesday. I'm sitting in here. George is in the other room. The door would be 20s Tuesday. Do as is wide open. It's the sounds of silence. I have the monitor turned down. There's nothing. There's no sound at all. So the wind comes in in the other room and says to George. Like that. And as low of a tone as humanly possible to make sure that I wouldn't hear that she was up here on behalf of one of our sales holes, who was the most anxious excuse for a human being. I've heard the 39 years have been in radio. 39 years. I have never went counter to Todd Drec. Ever. And look at all the sales holes that I've screamed about and carried on about over the years. Is there anybody even close to his category? No. And by the way, you can go run to Ray Perry all you want. Ray Perry hasn't been anywhere near their studio since the week before April 1st when a Marlon season started. Walked in here and handed me my Marlon's tickets in the parking passes. Haven't seen a high-nervous here. I bumped out of sawman a hallway one day. That's the last time I saw one of our 85 sales managers Ray Perry. So Ray Perry hasn't got a freaking clue of anything that's going on in this studio. What it comes to copy? What it comes to clients? What it comes to the program? What it comes to ratings? What it comes to anything that's going on in here? Because God only knows what his official function is around here. He's another guy with a title that we have no idea what the hell he does. Because it sure has nothing to do with this show. And so finally after screw-in leaves here, what ever she's whispering in the Georgia's ear? She was whispering, please make those air checks. Please, I was trying to make for her. I was trying to make for her. I was trying to make for her. I was trying to make for her. Because you're a faster and a higher and a piece of crap towards. Because you're a trouble making little spick. What's your point? So she no longer, the door hasn't even hit her in the ass yet on a way out. And all of a sudden the door swings open. And here comes public enemy number one, Goddreck. Yeah, we'll give you an air check of this. Okay, Todd, the whole show today. We'll give you an air check-up. Because your behavior is effing unacceptable to me to George, anybody else with a brain to the people on the worst thing they're in the morning who were as soon as they hear your name. They were doing cartwheels and screaming and making gutter will sound. How is it possible? You know, the people over there are queer channel that I and Z and I O D. The queer channel people, people, people who are vulnerable. They couldn't believe. First of all, that we hired fat boy. That was number one. But fat boy, like I said, he's in the higher. He's a mench compared to this guy. We love fat boy. And then when they hired Todd Dreck and his sales over here, they were all going like, oh my God. Yeah, like that. What are those people thinking about? You see, this business isn't really all that complicated. You go on the air. You try to build an audience. You do some promotion, which of course, uh, you don't do that here. But nevertheless, we still got that audience out there. You get some ratings in any of your sales people go on these songs. Hey, we'd like to do, you know, make some business for you. We're going to charge you some money. We're going to make some money by selling you spots. And then we're going to bring some business in your establishment or whatever it is you're pedaling. Okay. That's the way it works. And part of the sales people's job, they go on to get some copies, some commercial copy. You get what that is. Oh, no, not around here. They don't. And they give us something to work with. When we come on the air, we dazzle you with bull crap. And then you say, oh, that sounds great. And then you go out and, like last night, we walk into roots, Chris, me and the rumors. And the, I'm not even, we're not even set down yet. And there's a guy in his wife sitting there and he looks at me. It says, I want you to know we're here tonight because of you. How do you like that? That's what it's all about. That's the way this business works. And over the years, if you have some success in doing business for clients, which some of us not got what have had. People want to be on your show. It's not, it's not rocket science. It's not complicated. But some people want to make it into a big song today and come on and dance a lot with their bull crap. And come in here two, three times a week and sit down here next to me. And just drive me up the wall. Thank you for peating the same crap over and over and over again. And stir up a lot of trouble. And as soon as George walks out of the room to go take a leak, he's gonna grab. He's gonna, you know, he's gonna, he's gonna, that about you having to make 7,000 air checks for the colleague in the company's example for this man. Everything that this man touches is a problem. Everything he gets involved with is a problem. He's running up and down the halls. Bad mouthing me. What is it? I'm strange. I'm weird. That's the weird weird. And George is a compulsive liar. And everybody in the human race is out of step except for Todd Dreck. And his buddy is agency. Oh, we wouldn't mind. Leave him out. Let's make sure we make some ear check. Oh, and of course, I would be getting to my apology for him in a moment. Not, I'll take that. Yeah, take that. And why you're at it. 10 past 10 at 5, 60 WCM. By the way, anybody see that Akins piece on TVSD news on Friday? The big expose. Dan Radha says, we're gonna have a big air. Three minute piece of, I bet you Todd Dreck put that together. 10 after 10 at 5, 60 WCM, your psychotic neurotic station for the 90s. I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. Yeah. Yeah. There's little clips. And shit with the trick. Santa's fly is a great fist in the evening. There's an elite. Life is a country. Life is a congress. And it's my fantasy. Nobody did. All the students we've been told. When students they trust that bond. God has brought home some people. It's true that someone knows God and their daughter. Whether they're implanting, is it the hell because fools close their eyes to the strine? All right. to the day to a clock we got Jim Maddog managed you do it. Yeah! Hopefully he's checks of cleared by now he'll be here at 6 and we got the Marlins and Arizona again. Anybody uh... No! 939. So anyway getting by oh before I get back to that here's the mail just came the first piece of mail from my good friend Bob Reed whoever he is at HBO Workspace. And he says, you're Neil I heard from friends in Miami that you did not enjoy or HBO special, you're number five, did I enjoy it? No, no, it was pretty crappy. I mean yeah some of it was kind of interesting but number one it was misleading because you really got the feeling that she was from the criminal trial and up from the civil trial. And then number two there were like all it was a 50 minute piece that could have been on in 20 minutes because there were like these long did you ever mind up seeing it? Good. Because it sucked. Long pauses and she's sitting there thinking and uh... oh, ponderous. He says, I appreciate your opinion thank you for watching it. I'm sending you a copy of some of our other work in a previous HBO special. Drop dead gorgeous maybe you'll enjoy it more regards Bob Reed at HBO. How do you like that? So somebody must be listening to the show besides Todd Dreck. You know it's it weren't you even begin with this place. Like I said keep in mind I don't give a sh**. I don't want to be grasping one of those shows where an angry show where I go to a big song to dance and start whining about all the terrible things. I mean this is we learned a long time ago and it took us a year and a half at least for me to find the exact this is not a real business. This is not a radio station. It's not a Chinese laundry. This is just I don't know what it is. It's a fraternity for Greg and his inner circle, the untouchables. And the rest of all the stuff that goes on. It's a way of a lot of us making a living but other than that I uh... All I can say is, Eeehhhhh. I don't know. I really don't know what it is. But you know something like it's started to get to the point where we're having a pretty good time last couple of months when you adopt that attitude. Thanks again Yeldy. Yeah, you have a much better time when you finally say okay we go up. You've got us beat. We don't care. We don't care. That's a way to do it. Much less stress everybody's in a better mood. And I was thinking to myself when the check showed up a day late last week. I was thinking you know things were going too well. You don't understand? Everybody was having too little of a time we had that great winter book, the best book initially in this radio station. Everything was going along a little bit too well. So needless to say there had to be some singers in a wood pile who want to make a mountain out of a mobile hill and start crises. And of course there are those people I'm sure you people that work out there wherever you work. There are one or more people who exist. Their whole purpose in being there is to stir up all the crap they possibly can. In our business they're called professional crap distribvers. Or something that begins with S8 said sounds like crap distribvers. And they spend their time running around a hall. But I'm not stirring up as much hate as much device of this and bad mulling this one and stabbing this one into back. I just stir up a bunch of crap all the time. That distribvers. Now I don't know about you but I mean it seems to me that I wouldn't have too much time in my life for people like that. In other words if they were in my midst I would want to be getting rid of the guerrillas in our midst. You know? Seriously look at that picture back up on the wall. I said don't look like a gorilla and our midst that on the what does. The picture that our good friend Peter Leonard provided for us by the one. But nevertheless. See I don't want to break the news to you in a subtle way Todd after what you pulled in here for the second time. And about four days I don't want to do it subtler. Let me just say this every one that I know in this building hates you like poison. Now you think that's an accident you think maybe Georgia's full of crap in a compulsive liar maybe on full of crap. Here's a guy who I did a spot for two days with an impossible phone number that he and his agency buddy created all kinds of problems with two spots I ran they didn't get any calls the first two days. Which is not there get a lot of calls by the way and a client's very happy even though the agency guy is still. The field Roger show full of crap. Also wrong button but nevertheless. I'm worked up. My fingers are floating. You're working up to that apology right? Yeah I'll give you an apology okay. Like I said before okay. What? Someone's knocking at the door. Someone's knocking at the door maybe Roy came to bring us our black gildo back maybe he hasn't sold it yet on the black market so to speak. Maybe he hasn't pedal that yet the bootleg. What is that? Oh great thank you very much your god bless you Neil God get a friggin life is not great whatever that means. So anyway, getting back to this so gorilla in our midst. Here's what here's so purpose I guess we're being here is to create problems. And all of this started this morning over again for the four million time this month wanting George to make an air check of another commercial undoing an initial and this particular case I have a piece of copy. I won't mention what client it is because it would be too embarrassing to everybody concern. The date the last time the copy was changed with 11 16 98 seven months ago. Seven months ago. And by his own admission has he made a copy of the piece of commercial copy in there. Oh, these people which would be very easy as opposed to coming in there and asking you for the 25 minute time this week for another god damn tape air check. Which they don't even have any cassette left anymore because he's a cause you use them all up with the other 45 minute air checks. I'm lying about that though and of course you're an effort liar as soon as George goes out to take a leak he says to me you're just full of crap. Time I want you to understand right now we're all full of crap the world is not a step you're the only one who's in line. The whole world is not a step. Tied wreck he's in step you are the most anxious person I have ever worked with in this business 39 years this summer. But I've been in radio. I worked with good people. I worked with marginal people. I work with nice people evil people competent people in competent people over of course. The 39 years I work with a lot of people. I don't want to see you again. I don't want to know from you. I don't want to see you like I said before if you have a copy change slip it out of the door. But the idea that any asshole is going to come in here for the second time in just a few days before I go on a year and today. And here in do like a half hour summer. Puppah, puppah, puppah and try to get me into a state of frenzy over nothing. Here you go. Here is the copy going to copying machine that actually works in a hall make it copy, but take it to the client revise it. Change it and do it to lead from it. Do something. That's where you're getting paid for. That's part of your job. Go do it. And stop creating crises and then he runs out of here after I just lost it lost it runs out of here. And runs into a period like a child and a girl going home to mommy and daddy. Oh Billy, be happy school today. Runs to a man that we haven't seen in three and a half months. About anything related to sales who's only one of the 25 sales managers here at QIM I just stay calm keep in mind. I don't give a sh**t. That's right. But today I'll make an exception with that. See the track like I said things were going so goddamn well. But because of the very inept management that we got in this place, it just doesn't stay that way for too long. There have to be people like this just out of control like whirling their vicious and nobody seems to be able to control them here. Because nobody has any authority except for one man. He's to busy getting looking for those old pictures of him with his blonde hair. So that's what he said this morning. He's still getting the pictures doctor to prove that's his real family. So that's what he's busy doing and also sitting in there for seven or eight hours listening to tapes of the show to see if we're really liars and not like I said did I say this just last week when you work for people and they don't trust your word. When it's your word again somebody some crazy person who's running around going, and they have to sit and invest seven or eight hours of their time to listen to see if you're a compulsive liar or not. Then you don't have a very good relationship with the people you're working for. They don't have a very good grasp on where you've been and what you're all about. It's tragic. It's pathetic. I mean, stress kills. The life could be so so much this is just one little microcosm of life. It's a good lesson for everybody, okay? Because life is full of crap. Yeah. And it's full of crap because there are people like this who want to create crap or it doesn't exist. I mean, there's enough real stuff that comes along in life problems, illnesses, accidents, horrendous things. This is part of life. Real things to deal with. And when those things happen, you have to, you know, some of the emotional fortitude and deal with them as best as you can. But when life should be a pile of roses, okay? What it should be sweet? What it should be a piece of cake? Whatever things go along, real great. Why does anybody have to inject a pile of in the middle of it? Is what I would like to know. And when was, just yesterday, I was talking about people on short leashes and long leashes. When does anybody in this building put any of these people on some kind of a leash? And say, cut the goddamn crap already, okay? I mean, seriously, in the history of this business, I don't think there's ever been any place quite like this one. Not that I'm complaining you understand because like I told you, I don't give a shit. That's right. That, that, that, that, that, that, that's our attitude here. That's it. Little soft shoe were happy. We're happy campers. What? Today we make an exception at least for a little while. Maybe only two, three hours because I'm fired up in pissed off. I'm psychotic. Psychotic. Came in here this morning in a great mood feeling sensational. Had a phenomenal meal last night. One of the best I've ever had in my life. Had a best day. Get roots crisp. I've ever had there. A great ribeye. Oh, man. And those mushrooms, the stuffed mushrooms with crab meat. I never had those before until Saturday when they brought them up for the appetizer. All the stuff that they do, a sort of, that is just, I can eat that for the whole meal. That's how good those are. The mushroom stuff with crab meat. Have roots crisp. So I come in here feeling like on top of the world and in just about a 45 minute period of time instead of feeling like I'm on top of the world. All of a sudden I'm psychotic and feel like, yeah, because we got a couple of people and it's not that bad. But we don't have time for that anymore. We don't play those games anymore. Go downstairs on a second floor where the sales offices are and play grab ass with each other or with whoever you want to play with. Okay. Go play with a big black dilldo, being held momentarily by. Roy. Or however that big ghost. Isn't that how ghost a big black dilldo named Roy? I mean, that should have been the first tip off that they were coming on glue around here is when one of our so-called sales people, former dolphin superstar walks in here and grabs a big black dilldo and goes racing out of here with it. I got to have this. Who is he doing? I mean, what was he doing with it? And where is it? Anybody want to buy any bootleg dilldo? Or faculty will make you two for one deal. Bootleg colon and dilldo thrown in the West of charge. Greg, I'll tell you baby, you're some radio guy, man. You're a real rocket scientist. 27 after 10 at 5 60 WQM or your salespeople are our idols. And welcome to Raybnec, the South Park Collection of Fine Literary Works has performed by that societal element. Most likely to consume launch quantities of ethanol, containing liquids at the assistors' wedding. Which, and to the other hand, happens to be their wedding as well. Today's presentation is the subject tale that is featured with that. Now, there's a winner, our digitite is laid for you, thunder by the sun of York. And all the clouds of the bird are playing our house in the deep bosom of the old shivers. Ah, I think they might as well join us next time for another most leading edition of Redneck. Yeah, yeah. 32 at 5 60 WQM. By the way, thanks. Who was that, the guy that brought in this license plate? Gary the Simon. Oh, that was during the assignment. Haven't seen him in so long. I forgot who he was. He did that reason quite as early as he used to be. But at any rate, so Gary the Simon brings me a great license tag for the front plate. It says Florida would have month in a year. And under its big letters, Neil got in between the Neil and the guy. It's got a fetus. Okay, it's got like a little bubble, a little tiny baby on it with an emboilical cord wrapped around it. And underneath it says, get a freaking life. At a boy Gary the Simon and you don't look quite as ugly as you used to. How do you like that? Or am I confusing him with somebody else? Yeah, I know who I'm confusing him with. Oh, I don't want to say that. I would be bad to say it on here. But anyway, moving right along. What? No, I don't know. That's not. I don't call out to my way to win salt. People unless they be deserve it. Like Todd Drek. And in his case, it wouldn't be an insult because truth is, you know, boy, boy, I mean, well, where did this come from? Where did this start? What? And see the problem with this place is, and didn't I go through a song dance like well over a year ago about a certain water? And I see that, you know, up here. Didn't I go through a song that's about that? And her behavior that I saw down in a park a lot, the likes of which I don't think I've ever seen in my life. When you want to business, you can't, you can't afford the luxury of letting people be as intolerant to whether it is to each other as they are in this place. And the problem that is played is nobody is running this ship. I told you that you're in a half ago. Now keep in mind, I don't want you to misunderstand. I don't give a sh**t that's right. I mean, I'm not saying that I care about that. I'm just pointing something out that there is nobody in charge. Nobody's running this ship. And as we saw, we've got all these people with titles, all of these people who think they have titles, all these little rolling dervishes running out of control, thinking that they can boss everybody around. And of course, usually they're bossing the underlings around. This place is famous for that. People that want, you know, make, make their penis well, even the women, you know, by a bossing around the underlings, board ups, you know, people a little, a little, weasley people, board ups, interns, that kind of stuff. But this, this crap that I saw here this morning, and the gis goes on and on and on, you, you look at the mirror and you wonder, am I losing my mind totally? Is it possible that there are people like this crawling around on a planet and I do mean crawling around? Who are that compulsive and run there by creating problems where there aren't any like I said before, there are enough real problems in everybody's life. Unless you live some idyllic perfect life and I've never but anybody who lives that, unless you've got the perfect idyllic life, everybody's got real problems sooner or later. But to go around manufacturing problems and causing grief and stress and the tourists for people, I'll tell you right now, then I do care, okay? Because that's a pile of crap is what that is. The same guy that was running around in a hallway, Neil is weird, now George is an effort liar and everybody in the world is an asshole except this guy and his good agency buddies. Oh, by the way, stay tuned for that apology, okay? Yeah. No, seriously, let's, let's take a, let's take a mythical figure, geosmith, okay? There's a good comedy, geosmith. And you have some kind of geosmith create some kind of a problem in your life, you know, you haven't even met geosmith, but he does something that you know, create a problem. You talk to 50,000 people and you say, what do you think geosmith, and if 50,000 people all say, he's an asshole, what do you think? What do you think that means? I think it probably means he's an asshole. Yeah, I'm not that difficult. So you can go and create problems if the morning people want to deal with you, if Hank wants to deal with the idyll or right the captain or the people on a weekend, mad dog, Kimba, anybody want to deal with the time, be my guest, okay? Have a wonderful time. This rubbed their lives. Go in there and give them a big song and dance. But I got news for you. Stay out of this room. So that before only this time, this is the definitive time. This is the last time. Don't come into this room. Don't come into the studio. Don't come in the other room or Georgia sitting cause he's a compulsive liar. He don't want to deal with you. I won't do business with Tondrek. Under any circumstances, I will not speak to him. I won't have enough and do it. And now here's another one. And like I said before, all the years I worked at all these other radio stations, including in this town, K-A-T, W-S-News, I-N-Z, I-O-D, Zeta, all these other stations. I would be hard pressed to tell you anybody that I didn't speak to. Can you think of anybody from the nine years at I-O-D? Did there was such a hostile relationship that we didn't even speak to them? Highboard used to have the title, but we still spoke to him. Oh yeah. I mean, he's at least comic humor. Just from the fat bounce in around, you know. Just from hearing the stories about all of his exploits, driving everybody else nuts. Not one person, all those years. And here in a year and a half here at W-Q-M, maybe it's just bad luck. Or maybe I've turned into a sour old nasty bastard, but I doubt it. Maybe it's just bad luck or coincidence, but look at the growing number of people that you really don't want to be anywhere near. That you know, don't not only don't want to speak to, you don't want to see them. You want to know from them. You don't want to smell them. You don't even want to hear about them. You don't want to hear their name engine guide for a bit. And don't look at name Mr. Because you created this, okay, buy your behavior, buy your incestion, nagging it. I mean, if I want nagging, I go to mommy's for lunch, okay. I don't need it from some stranger with the name like Drec. And boy, talk about truth and packaging. I'm still at the plastic. This happened like, like I said from about quarter to nine to nine, 25. I'm saying it's now 10 or 40. I'm still at the plastic. And when's the last time? And all the years you worked on is show that you saw me just go off the deep end and scream and just lose it with anybody like that. Could come on one hand. Never never, never like this. No. And you wonder why people kill their nagging wives or mothers or whoever at my page. You want to, you know what I'm saying? I mean, you can nag somebody to death. That's like taking a spear and sticking it in there and just keep twisting it and twisting it and twisting it and probing it and poking and finding they say, Get out of here and don't come back too soon, okay. Go do the search for that big black dildo that's running around that's floating around the building. Go as raw, if you can borrow it and then, yeah. I feel better now though. Not great. I feel better now. Look at all the people I had to get involved in this. We had buff involved. We had screw in involved. We had rape Harry involved. We had Greg Reed involved. Taking time away from his valuable picture doctoring in the other room. And the two of us and him half of the goddamn staff was involved because somebody haven't done what he don't want to do is job. Service the account, get us some copy, give us some feedback. Are they getting results? The things okay? Are they unhappy? They're like, everybody else does. Like everybody else in the sales department does. But no questions asked, no problem. Because that's the way it's done in the business. Okay. That's the way real sales people do it. Instead of creating your goddamn mini crisis over every time somebody, uh, don't smell the way you want. Okay. I'm just unacceptable. Volga, grotesque. Puked inducing. Subhuman. Scumbag. And make it even worse. He's an asshole, but other than that. And being full of crap besides. Twenty before eleven at five sixty w q a and forward. Where you fudge pack? Ah! When the bomb exploded over every new warehouse, races up still still so. Many were bad as a monkey bat. And his brain was in his home. Oh, good, you crazy butt. The same game. Clean earth little ugly wings. Where you talking, man. Just hearing passing past crockies. The greatest bonus time never thought it was wrong. He's in it to be with you. We're all in time. We're all in time. Now and not see from the red. Obviously, we can't. Hail to the coward in chief. Oh, what? Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. That's the best time I've done. It's done, it's done. We're all in. Wow, we're trying to die. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm 40, 65, 60, WCWM home of the hopeless. It really is. This is a, it's like I said. I don't give a shit. And I feel much better about it. Anyway, here's our letter to the editor of the day. This one in the, I should start marking that which paper does. I guess this is the hero. It doesn't really make any difference. No, it's a sun-scent. And the reason I know it's a sun-scent is because in the next section in the sun-scent is morning, I'll find it. I got it. Is the article about the two teens convicted of murder in the Palm Beach? Was the, the gay, whatever this guy's name was, the anubrated gay guy's in the, to the one of your, uh, your pretty or beautiful or whatever it is. And right away, gay started beating the crap bottom there, right in the right and we've got his friend and they beat the crap bottom till he was dead. And it's said when someone said he was going to rape him or something like that. And by the way, he was wrong. He's not pretty or beautiful. He's a little test. But nevertheless, so that article is in here and just keep that in mind. So here's a brilliant letter to the editor in the same newspaper this morning. It says, hey, law cuts both ways. And it's signed John Bernanzo in Book of Retone. You know, John, he's an asshole. Yeah. It says, ready. Article, May 12, gay students, mom, expand US hate law. What about loss to protect heterosexuals? Now we're talking. Oh, what about the crimes in which homosexuals try to solicit and pursue straight people? Keep in mind those words, solicit and pursue. And crime. Right. It's a crime. You're all right. While they are going to pass the hate law to protect homosexuals, they should pass a lot of protect victims of solicitations. Victims of solicitation. I can just see a new national organization, no. We are victims of solicitation. Thank God that straight guys never try to hit on women who are not interested. You know, I guess John up there in Book that never heard the word. No, no. That's not as okay with the word. No. No. I guess not. Victims of solicitations. Wow. Woo. You know what that reminds me of? It's perfect. The timing is great. Because I wasn't aware of it. And I don't know if anybody not into it. Because nobody else saw the piece on CBS news about that kids that piece of crap. Nobody saw that. And then, then, then, then, then, then, then we can also saw the thing about our boomer friend up there in Michigan. Which I can't even think of the name of that small town in Michigan. Because of the S that I never heard of before. With his canoeing incident where he was yelling out after this. To that that and I got to get out of this. Have him placed. Did you see the outcome? Go to. Yeah. The jury said, oh, yeah. Go to. And keep in mind in Michigan, by the way, 90 days in jail. And $100 fine for a cursing first time public cursing. Same as the first time DUI. And first time there are one of his issues. Which of course, the cursing part number one. I need a one should be a crime. Anybody knows that. But the same as first time DUI, which of course DUI is like, you know, maybe you're going to go out there and murder somebody. Why you're driving under the influence? Oh, yeah, 90 days in jail, $100 fine of convicted. The same for public cursing for Sandy F. Warden a few other words. Which he didn't even realize that other people were here. And if I never less, there you go. Let's bring back civility to America. The word police. So I think that's right in line here with the protecting victims of solicitations. And if we're going to have, let's let even a sound now, John, up there in Volca. If we're going to have lost to protect victims of gays solicitations, let's have lost to protect victims of heterosexual solicitations, too, right? There you go. All those poor women that are getting pawed and hit upon and everything else. And you see, this kind of crap. This is becoming more and more of the American F and Way. Where a teacher can't pat to student on a back and say, good job, Johnny, or a loser or whatever, without right away, a sexual harassment assault. That's what America's becoming. Standish, Mr. Thank you. Standish Michigan was the town where the Paul Boomer's brother said he said, he said, and he said, and he said, and he shouldn't have said it because he got a June 23rd, the day for sentencing. That ought to be interesting. And they asked the judge, what do you think that this is, do we really have time for this kind of thing? Oh, yes, well, if we have time, do we, you know, have trials for murderers, we should have time to try these to the crimes, too. In Standish Michigan, Stand Offish Michigan. You know what I say? Then is what I say. Whatever Paul Boomer said, I say the same back at you. Unbelievable. Victims of solicitations, which he puts in the same line. And by the way, I like opportunity for I'm not for hate crimes laws. I think the whole concept is stupid. A crime is a crime. And whether your victim is black or Jewish or gay or Hispanic, well, what do you think is a make? Punish people for the crimes they commit? Why do we have to have special crimes that the victim happens to be in the minority? If we had a criminal justice system that really punished people like for real and speaking of Michigan, by the way, it's interesting to see on the 48 hours last night it was repeat, which has saw the first time, but it walks to the again, the guy up in Michigan state that murdered the four girls 20 years ago. And he was on the verge of getting out 20 years later. Only murdered three or four girls. But he was a Christian. Oh, that's true. He was a good Christian. That's right. He had a real good religious upbringing. I mean, real very serious religious upbringing. Maybe that's why he was a little bit off center. So to speak. So the same state that can can fix somebody for public cursing and threaten 90 days in jail, $100 fine. A guy that goes and kills three or four young women in a prime of their life. He's a four. He killed three and he was on the fourth one day. Oh, that's right. When they intervene, yeah, give it to good old. And of course, they try to kill a kid to the aggril right. Right. Right. So there's two other four, tri-for-six. 20 years in jail. And the only because of that shoelace thing that they finally have sure was asked in there for another 20 years at least, maybe 40. On a technicality that they had a conjure up because otherwise they were going to love his ass on the loose who murdered four people. But if you're a public cursing in public, then we're going to need your ass because we got time for that kind of crap. I mean, that's just unbelievable. And if that isn't enough to raise the thing on your eyebrows, our good post personal friend, Jose Lamb Pete. I don't want to say that Jose is obsessed. I don't want to say that Jose is like a one pony tune, one tune, however that goes. The Ricky rumor milling today is the South Florida insider. Ricky, Ricky, they can't be this guy. He's probably got a blow up though. He says his questions about Miami's hard job, Ricky Martin's sexuality continued to swirl. Now, let me pause right there. Okay, and interject this comment. Are there any questions about Ricky Martin's sexuality? Oh, if you have one eye, one ear and an IQ larger than your thumbnail, do you have any questions about Ricky Martin's sexuality? Oh, but Jose Lamb Pete, is just a beaten it to a pulp. As questions about Miami hard job, Ricky Martin's sexuality continued to swirl, the new issue of globe contends that Martin was once molested by Jose Mnenda is the left-closed music exec on down by a son's Lion Eric. The tap features interviews with a tour promoter from Martin's old teeny-bop group in the new go and an LA deputy district attorney. Both say that during the investigation of the 93 murder, police heard that Mnenda has spent way too much time of the group and that he molested his favorite Martin on a trip to Disneyland. Martin's LA publicist Kim Jackworth didn't return my calls as Jose. Who also in the same column this morning, where I would tell his about that if OJ thinks he's going to move down here, the people in Cocoa plenary did make sure he moves out real fast. Nobody wants him here. You know what we're saying? Roll! And bring back the goddamn bill, though, okay, Jack asks and goes to Lina Count, which would be a first. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile-while-line to call in, Kendall, it's been on there for 44 and a half minutes. What does that tell you, okay? Kendall, hello? Neal. Yes, sir. I've got a van meal. These frogs are making me crazy. I was in Montreal and that moltson center, that pit's hot. You're very good to that. I'm going to go into Montreal, sir. Oh, don't go. You're better off. Yeah. But anyways, most of Switzerland, you love Venezuela, I heard. No, I don't. I can't stand Venezuela. Oh, but you've been to the wrong place, man. You got to go to Valencia. No, I'm not going back to Venezuela. Oh, I've been to the wrong country. Hey, but anyways, you're talking about Colone, huh? Yeah, really? Yes. You know, my grandfather flew for Lufafa. Mm-hmm. But Colone is a nice place. It's beautiful. What do you think? What do I think of one? That should I go? I think that she worked for three selling bootleg Colone right now as we speak. What did I tell you? What did I say in your break there? 44 minutes, this guy held on. Thank you so much, sir, because at least it was a call, which we got one other on there right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Hey, listen, and makes no difference to me, because like I said before. I don't give a sh**. That's right. Call if you want. Don't call if you want to get all the great news of cranked up. You get everyone here. Like yesterday, it's a damn good thing I pulled this thing out of my ass with that time magazine pull. Oh, thank God for that. That's the only thing. And by the way, your response is on a scale of zero. I give like a minus infinity. Just pathetic. Including, you noticed that the women, this funny woman we had, except for one or two of nobody had any opinions on this. How is it possible to be walking around, reading the fresh or even staleer and not having opinion on it. Everybody in the country is talking about that. All these things that stir up a lot of conversation everywhere else. Do they stir up anything here? No, don't confuse them. Just like veggie from Boca. It's a vegetative state, baby. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. 10, 56, a QA in. IT'S Parks! The 60 is the glory of my eyerahomie, but I don't bet you keep onoteing at me I'm playing with you, cause I'm buried here I can't help my breath, I'm poking down my foot, I'm getting in It's come on to me, I'm left to think of my pain And a sound of all, but it's feeling warmer than me You know, that thing will be my next, I don't think you know I'm on the right, isn't it? You're sure that you're me, cause you could go to jail And leave when they're in the free, you're left of breath, I'm being She was 25 but she just left me, I'm left of free You're the only one who's been here, I'm ready to go to jail I bet I'll perfect you, cause I'll have to kill me You're the my cousin, it's my pain And I bet you think I'm well, oh my soul Black Bumsie, I'm married, she's a girl She's a girl, she's a girl She's a piecehead of her, she's a girl She's a girl, she's a girl, she's a girl She's a girl, she's a girl, she's a girl She's a girl, she's a girl If you can tell me if there's any reason I'm telling you that they're concerned about whether they're in place I would say, oh, you gotta do a satin, not a cone Two minutes after 11 at five, look at this phone response here This morning, is there anybody alive out there today? Oh, wait, I mean Jesus, I realize it's the 15th of Frick and June Unbelievable, one call on a board and nobody else has got anything to say about all these things Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T, why was lying? Here's Miami, hello. How are you? Okay, I'm a spy report for you. OJ Simpson was right now on 1490, A.M. with Victor Cors, Bishop Victor Curry Yeah, and there were discussing all the moves to core cables And all the problems that he's having Yeah, and even your name came up So that's one of my name came up about that one Well, he was just saying that they were talking about you, how your races and this and that And you hate all this and you hate all that And you right out of it's just lovely Yeah, just lovely What now what station is that? I don't even know what's in 90, it's a religion station Oh, great, well, that sounds like a good place to spread Yeah, even though the whole Cuban's called that was wonderful Excellent, all right, thank you. Thanks, how do they do? Okay, OJ, doing one of the Cuban things, is the Cuban's one of their neighborhood? No, no, you're going to confirm it. What? His story is confirmed, not that we thought he was making it up No, no, of course, that sounds reasonable to me That's right, I'm a hate monger, that's why I don't want him to hug him Murderers in my neighborhood, right 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line Here's Kendall, hello Wow, you sure Why can't believe I got through Well, hey, you don't have much competition in the name man No waiting today Hello, I'm like a god two minutes 35 seconds That's pretty good, I like that Hey, I'm headnet of my amy today, headnet of Virginia Yeah, and I'll be listening to you as far as I can, you know, as far as the signal permits You know, far it goes up to Florida Up north, north of I think up to like four pierce, we're open there Okay, we'll be around, we'll be listening to you when you sign off But it will be nice to get out of here Well, don't make any quick stops in a few or four pierce, I'll tell you then Why would they? I'm just saying don't, you know, gas head around their west pond and keep going I'm so happy to get out of here man No more crusty or Cuban eggs out, so listen to on a TV No more pandering I can actually take a book, eat some paper And just happy Excellent, I can't believe it God bless you, sir All right, Neil, have a wonderful time Have a good one Okay, yeah, you know when you're growing your driving and you cross that border up there Even though it's a Georgia, you know, everybody, you know, let's out a big, you know Oh Well, you know, because at least it's on the road to progress Seven, what is it? Five, six, seven, five, six, even I don't know it anymore Because, you know, why bother calling me? Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, Do you pound five, six, do you? On the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and plantation, hello Hello, Neil Yes, sir Yeah, that guy out of due like my son Dennis is doing He loves you so much, and he always people say that they don't listen to you He's taping your shell so he can listen to you on his road trip That's good idea, a lot of people do that Nobody calls me, but they all do listen, yes I know, that's uh, they should do that guy should take your shell And everybody, I know everybody listens to you because you're great. Yeah, I am. That's right. There's one thing though, that bothers me. And what is that? Who's the bitch that's announcing hockey on Fox? Yeah. I can't believe that. My son, I can't wait. I don't want to talk. I want to see you see. You got to go to the wait for the lead position. We'll see the officers. Uh-huh. I mean, I'd rather listen to what, most burger talk about Bobby. Okay, well, then go listen to some takes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound by 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Go listen to some takes. Right behind the other guy was going to Virginia and get right on the old Hershey highway in the follow him and you can like toss tapes back and forth. You can toss it. Scored skirt back and forth. Kind of like in the silence of the lands. Remember he was tossing it? Maybe that's why they want to weed the book, huh? I don't understand what that's all about. Well, you know, there are a lot of board people. And of course, especially down here, they said the bookstores. Oh, let me tell you about that by the way, the bookstores. I was looking for some travel books over the weekend because I just love. Even if there are places I'm not going to go, I like reading a bar. So I went first to the borders by me and I found one or two things that I wanted. So then later on it was Sunday, really boring day. I went over to a Barnes and Noble, you know, the one on, on Howard Boulevard there by the fountain shops. You would have thought that they were giving books. I mean, if there's anybody that's worried about people not reading books anymore, it's unbelievable. I had a park across the street in the fountain shops parking lot because there were no park in spot. I walked in there. There's all these groups of school kids, old groups. I mean, the place you couldn't move in there, you couldn't breathe. Now did I find what I wanted? No, no, but nevertheless, man, that was unbelievable. So all these people that said, but you know, Amazon.com and all these other things going to put the books there is out of business. I don't think so. Man. That Barnes and Noble, you couldn't move in there. You couldn't breathe in there. It looks the line. It looks like the world's largest books during Toronto. They always have like 20 or 30 people lined up, but they move it a long quick because they got like 10 cashears. That's what it looked like in there. I've never seen that here before. So maybe the people there are so bored by this long hot summer that it's going to be. There actually going out and reading something. See, in every dark cloud, there's a trigger in there somewhere. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Any item? Great. Yeah, I'm thinking about you a couple weeks ago when I was watching the horse race. And just wondering how you do it. Listen, that guy three colors. Good. That's not a religious station. That's WMBM. Oh, 1490. Yeah. I think you have the station station or something. Yeah. Hey, didn't you have that stretch call with some of the silence and you to go over the car? Yeah. You don't have it? No. Oh, man. That made my nipple tart. I know. All right. Good. Good luck, you pal. Yeah. Time there can make a lot of people's nipples hard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. You don't have that much today. And obviously, we can hear that from these calls. You don't have that too much. Anything to kill some time between now and like Labor Day would be good. Let's see. We got all this. We got a long way to go. Okay. A long hot desperate summer here in the tragic city. It's going to be really brutal. That's all the more reason we don't want to see Todd Dreck. Do we? No. No. It's too hot. It's too already infuriating. It's too desperate. We're working just trying to squeeze out a living here. The last thing we need to stress and grief. And of course, they can still add to our list that we're doing for the rest of the summer of the most important person in the world. And hopefully, do a better job than yesterday. That was pathetic. I mean, am I the only person under the age of 60 that were no who Roosevelt was at the R? How much reading do you have to do? How much of a history student you have to do to know who the hell he was and what he did? And not only is he not on the top 20 on the list way behind Madonna and John Lennon and Elvis, of course. But nobody in this audience even suggested that he should be on there. So maybe one facts I got. Seriously, what kind of a cocoon to the people in this country live in? How can you see that's one thing about Europe that the people there. Number one, they know history. They know about all the other countries. They know three, four, five languages even if they're not all that affluent. They're like educated. Which doesn't mean they don't like your good time because they're having a better time than most of us. Or I'll tell you that right now. But in the meantime, they got a brain and they're using it. So you need this. Got through a saying, you know, give these people some time. They're in the bookstores. They're in borders. They're in Barnes and Noble. They're reading up on all this stuff. Aren't they? No. No. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.50. WQM is who on salespeople are I, so. He's a very cute guy. All right. He's probably done with this mother. He's gonna get these two and see the bulls and the bulls and the bulls. He needs my free. Who? He got his needs talking to the puster. And he just can't deal with the sinky. He doesn't anymore, sighted out on from a ceiling fan. He's gonna make it with an eighth beaters. He's got a hot pork mart system. Cow off on the wheel, got it on with a moth. What's going on? Cow off on the wheel. He made love to a bowling ball. He's hiding the afterp. We are a moth. Oh, don't live it out. He's a super freak. I just want to break you super freak. He's a freak. One 15 at 5.50 WQM 5.60. 5.50. 5.50. 5.50. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. And male. All's over here anymore. Jimmy loves Danny and Danny. Love Jimmy. No, starting football season. Yeah. So what does that have to do with us? What does that have to do with us? Off in the corner. You want hear nothing about our on this show. You want hear Jimmy or Danny or Danny or Jimmy? How about Cecil? Yeah. And you're going to hear about it. Call up one of the sports shows. Okay, you old fart. Call up one of the sports shows and suck their ass with your boring crap. Okay. Jimmy, I'm Danny. You're exactly what's wrong with this radio station. There is colors like you and Luana Mobile. I wouldn't know. Two barns from God damn stupidness. Jesus Christ. I know it's going to be a long desperate summer. But give me a break. Uh, geezer like him. I thought the geezer was in filling now. It's the geezer. Here we go. Oh, is another greasy one. It's in. 5, 6, 7, a whole five, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Call up any king in that after the game. All we don't think he's going to be on the night is he? Oh, no, that's tomorrow night. He'll be on the night. Oh, there goes that fan. I got that thing cranked up. Listen to that. It's a little on the rusty. There we go. It's taking off. Hurry up. Okay. Cranking up that floor fan. Thanks, Maddie. It takes a while for it to like get into gear. It's old and uh, uh, yeah. It's having no problem over there. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. There you go. There he's off. Just say up. Ah. It's an orbit. Look out, John's lead wherever you are. Welcome to WFAN, the real fan on your radio dial. Oh, there. Ah. Ah. It's just easing into the right gear. There. Here you go. Come on. Ah. Ah. See, we don't have real air conditioning in here. So we have to have this floor fan, which for some reason I've been able to keep fairly Condon out. But today, it's just, uh, I think, you know what it is? It's a delayed reaction to Todd's wreck being in here. It's kind of like me going, ah. Wow. Oh, there it goes. Finally. That was beautiful. Woo. Man, I thought that thing was actually going to take off. That was farther off the ground than Ricky Martin. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. I need a lot of heat. Okay. Yes, they stopped it, but I went to bring it anyway. Go right ahead, sir. Take all the time you want. Thank you. I'll let you see. I'm a list. I'm going to get to it. Let's get the important stuff going here. What do you got? Now, he'd be the number one asshole of the 20th century, but also how that Joe Stalin. Yeah. If he hadn't, I thought I'm going to 100 listed all. He's mentioned in here, but not in a top 20 he didn't make it. That's hard for me to believe because he was basically response for keeping the war going and basically the big drill or bullshit. And he was indirectly responsible for the fall of time. Because he was such an asshole, and what do you want to be a partner? Yeah. That's all I got. Okay. Thank you, sir. Joseph Stalin, he'll be a bubbling under. He's bubbling under the hot 100. Joseph Stalin. I thought he was going to say for sure. Todd Drec is the most notorious. The anti-Christ, Elanti Cristo. Yeah. So Willie Simpson's under that big fat head had a dick head over there on the 1490 with O.J. his good asshole buddy, ripping me and saw. I'll start all his racist crap again. I hate to break the news to you, Willie, but did O.J. Ever like hang out with you black people before? Did he live with you black people? No. Did he date or black women? No. Does he want anything to do with you folks? No. But hey, that's okay. Just use him as a symbol of all your hysteria. And put all the blame in my feet. I'll be more than happy to take it. Okay. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, he wireless line. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, tell him. I knew I'm just so upset. About. I see this thing on the two glass night about these judges that have these. This all encompassing power, just like Nazis. Yeah. And they show people that, you know, right there's speeding or parking tickets. They write on the check little notes, you know, because they're pissed. And this one guy writes legalized extortion, which is just right to write on the, You know, this is right to make a statement. Yeah. Judge calls them in charges and would contempt and propose to guy and scale. They show to example after example this. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. That's a thing. Play it loud. Play it loud. I'd like to judge with that little mustache, you know, I think that's who we're going to list. That's where we're heading to. Hell in the handbat. Right. And again, don't go a cursing in public, man. Oh, excuse me. You can kill four of our co-eds up there at Michigan State and I do too much time. But don't go cursing in public. They don't like that in Michigan. Long live a solid. Okay. Good. God bless us. And God bless their little standoffers up there in Standish. They don't like all those words. Okay. All this bull crap about public discourse. Every God then wraps on every piece of music. You know, and of course, like I said in Europe, they play on an ex-pergated of all those. They don't plead about any words. They're all in there. But here we got everybody is so up tight because words. We have to, you know, see, civility is words. Of course, if you're blowing each other's brains out, that's not nothing to do with a lack of civility. See, you see what I'm talking about kind of a cock-eyed society where people are like killing each other like crazy. But, you know, if you mentioned a few words that they're pissed off about, straight to jail, or God forbid you should be smoking at wicked weed. So anyway, anybody want to buy any bootleg, uh, cologne? Souvenirs? Let's smell some. No, are you first, okay? Because I think it's owed to, raw, or what it is. Here's Danyabee, tell us. Hey, hello? Yes, sir. Amy, how you doing? Okay. Do you think so? Yes, sir. These, these, these, these, hundreds, most of the French people are there. What do you mean, uh, hundred most? It's supposed to be one. They're looking for Demos. Not a, he's not a, he's not a Demos. He's not a Demos. First of the century, the most influential person of the 20th century. And they had, oh, listen, and with that one. Elvis is number one. No, okay. Well, they might have put Captain King of the Rue. He's number two. Okay. But, no, that was, the green jeans is in the top five bubbling under. There are that, the other thing was, I was reading the paper, but, um, you am to display Cuban art and flags and what have you. What about is that, oh, you're talking about the Elvis thing, yeah. Okay. Well, I, I jump ship. Okay. But, um, what I understand is if, you know, these people for Leopard and all that, and yet they want to display a communist at flag. Yeah. They want to, you know, like, this is art and this is, uh, the Cuban flag. Sir, you know, something I'm so worn out by their mentality, this crap about, you know, all this censorship and we'll decide and bid, like they like this, a garfishing, not a magazine at Miami International Airport. That's all you need to know about this town. It's a banana boat republic being run by a bunch of batista loving, uh, fascist, uh, you know, who don't have any concept of what freedom is all about, who never lived under democracy and, and want to share their, you know, as much as they scream and cry about Castro and about discrimination, they come here and they want to do the same thing to us. And that's just the way it is. So it's a banana republic. So get used to it. Okay. That's what I'm saying. See you in Tamarack. It's farther north. There's a lot of old Jews there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Palm Beach, hello. You. Yes, sir. Sir, I was calling to see if I can get my hands on that article that you read yesterday about the medication that the Scientologist put out. Yeah. Where could I get it? One moment, please. See, I feel on a one hand. I mean, I thought about that a lot yesterday about the fact that I got suckered in because I was published by the United States International Association of Scientologists and Members Trust. But I've read the same stuff in so many other reputable places which the Scientologists had nothing to do with that. I can't discount it because of that. At any rate. And the whole reason I wanted to is because I have a little radio show up here in Palm Beach, Spanish radio show. It actually I wanted to read the same thing out on the radio show. Okay. Here's a toll free number. One eight hundred eight six nine twenty two forty seven. And tell me what the literature on psychiatry be trying and drugging children. Train drugging children. Right. Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. Do it. All the time. I don't care who the hell wrote it. Okay. It happens to be true. All this riddle and all this other stuff. Make in big box off the drugging of the public. And that's it. And your doctors are going to live a little bit like that. And they're also going to be just like that. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. By the way, I'm delighted that Willie Sims let everybody know that Neil Rogers is the only one in South Florida. That doesn't want OJ live in anywhere near him. Although if you read Jose Land Beach column this morning, evidently there must be some people in Cocoa plump who aren't too crazy about it either and getting ready to do whatever they can to make sure his asses out of there. If it moves in. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Yes sir. I got the perfect person for the century. Yes. Debbie Miller. Who? Debbie Miller. Debbie Miller. Debbie. Who's Debbie Miller? That supposedly head of the racing commission. Okay. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Let's take one from North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Oh hi. Yeah. There's a new person we ought to throw in as being very influential this season. And this season. I've got this week. Oh, but whatever. His name is Henry Heinleck. Your. The. Our channel, ATBN. Yeah. Christian station. My arch enemy. It well. I claim to be any how they say. Well, it's like they had any Heinleck on, you know, Adventure of the Heinleck maneuver. Yeah. It not only says people from choking, but they now use it to say people from. Cool brownies, etc. This maneuver will get the water out faster than anything. Yeah. On top of which you'd be very interested to know that his. Organization is finding a cure for AIDS. Like treating people with AIDS. I give him the malaria. Drug and. And. Boosting immunity and then fighting the malaria, which is easy to cure 100%. So what's that happening with TVN? Well, I just thought you'd like to know for a change. They did something. Oh, I see. Oh, maybe he put something in the pot for general. I also like the trolling. Maybe Russell, maybe Russell, I'll make up for a 10. Fair for a Jan Croch. And how about you on a show? Yeah, he has several people mentioned him. Sure. You're absolutely correct. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Anybody. I'll loop drop in their teeth on their throat. I'm like maneuver pop right out, baby. Like they will minute their restaurant and Palm Beach right down the old. Craper. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. It just keeps getting bigger. This summer there's no well-up on those of them. You saw, you got a Z. Who's their full of those? Those are full of Z. I think 99 is the new key to the works. What about that? Charardos. Beautiful. Swine. Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch. Go, Maki Maki. Very, very large. And the guy from Millibin, Millibin. And then, he'll do them Z. Yeah. Swine. Those are full of Z. 99. Fonsored by Value Gen. As serve ceremonies, Kato Kailon. And Monaco in Fee. Those are full of Z. 99. The Cholender of all of Z. So, for the 150, WQM, the Hank Overshore with two o'clock. We got the Mad Dog at 6. And the Marlins and Phoenix again. They'll try to get 930 in that the pregame show. Will there be anybody listening? Oh, it capsidant for the game. 560, 5060, pound, 560 on the 18th, the Wartos line. We figured out that the victims of solicitation loss should also include telephone solicitations. But only if the person is calling on the other end is a fact. Which you got to ask when they call right away. And then, of course, to their ass. I mean, this letter. It's so typical of kind of garbage that they put in the newspapers here from a real thoughtful guy, obviously. John Bernanso in Volcker, return victims of solicitations. What about victims of straight solicitations, huh? If we had any women in the audience, I'd actually have plenty of them out there to continue. A lot of them, hot stories about guys who didn't know what the word meant. Oh, man, okay. But then what do I know? Here's a mobile in Pembroke Pine, shall I? Mobile in Pembroke Pine is long gone. No, quite a sound as dead as the door now. 560, 50560, pound, 560 on the 18th, the line. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey, how are we doing? Okay, sir. I love that one. I love that one, of course. I live right off of down north of 44th Street. What I'd like is great. Great. Look at that. What was the address of the new one? You said, uh, column, down north, something? 163rd and, uh, and, uh, 160 third and, uh, Collins. Okay, because I don't get to South Beach too much, but I, um, what about South Beach? Well, that's not South Beach. Well, that's not, I'm not really sure of Miami that well. So, I thought it was not going to Craig Webby, but he said he likes Chinese, but I'm not talking about food. Yeah, okay, great. 560, 505, say, ha ha. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the 18th, the wireless line. I would agree while I'm always Craig Webby. Let's go to North Miami, hello. I'll call the El. Yes, sir. Oh, thanks for watching. I'm going to put the centri switch to a license. Oh, okay. All right. Same guy, the same old talker that called the other two days. Same old talker probably next to our neighbor goes in there for food scraps. Oh, yeah. He's probably not gonna go right now 600 open lines five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line They really got the grades he mature allowed today. Don't think oh brother Long desperate summer and by the way, only a couple more days the kids could not have school then you'd say even Lee on yours never saw next to this like we're gonna have here Then it's gonna be unbelievable Hollywood. Hello, yes, sir. I'm watching TV last night and flipping it, you know and And watching the whole hyperventilating news reporters at the new gaming casino down on unaware of it is anyway I mean They're reporting like you know Las Vegas style gaming, but they'll never be true gaming until they get the real You know crafts or or a blackjack or in real spots. Yeah, you know, and it's just so funny It's a who set it was real out of Vegas now. That's how they keep that's how they're you know reporting it you know You know a style Resort you know and you know, it just reporting like it's It's what you know Las Vegas and it's not and it never will be It's the shame that all the way trash of another place to go and spend their well-perjection So what's wrong with that? Yeah, but I'll be true. I'll be there. But I'll never be true. Watch Vegas style casino until they get the real deal. Yeah, they're not gonna get the real deal Well, because old Jeb Maybe because of all of them because this is a redneck Bible-fumping state What about walking a lot? What about Bob Graham everyone? I'm never gonna get casinos in this state. Oh, okay. Well, go sniff the flowers get on the planet. Go to Vegas pal I mean you can either sit around and belly it can bother to rest your life or go to a place where we'll place Old Jeb Dominic any difference whether the Republicans Democrats on the side of the state It's the same old. I got a panor that same mentality just like Sheriff Nick. Oh, yeah Everything is evil everything everybody's being busted. Then he runs out there with his buddy pressed in hand from the swap shop with that bad hand of that He's got and they run out to Vegas and when a million dollars in the slot tournament See, it's not evil as long as they're doing it's like sex. It's like anything else as long as they're the ones doing it then it's okay But if you're doing it straight to jail 560 560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line right chief Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I'm just driving through town Listened your show and I've never heard it before, but I understand that I'm missing an interesting topic yesterday Look up for the most influential people of the 20th century. Yeah. I've got one that I bet you haven't heard And I think he's the most influential person of the century. Yeah, his name is got real-ow-princip You ever heard the name no youngster be and guy and he shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand in 1914. Yeah, started World War one Which led to World War two yeah, which laid the ground work for the crap that we're involved in Serbia right now Yeah, and I've a feeling that it's gonna degenerate and we're gonna get into a war with the Russians I'd like to know how you feel about it No, we aren't gonna get into war with the Russians whether without your our fearless leader you don't think I'm gonna have an cracker friend No, you don't think that's gonna happen. Let me say it again, sir. No, I'd die. No, it's not gonna happen because the Russians need all those loans from the IMF and the Russians are gonna Diddle around with anybody. Okay, they can stay there. They could be the ones to suck out all the goddamn landmines They were at the airport and the right and and the right to the peacekeepers go around the you know do another important stuff All right, and have a great day sir my right wing cracker friend from Orlando When our fearless leader and I can just say yeah, right. Okay. Oh these people all this state this state I said it 23 years ago when I first came here this could be paradise but believe me. It's not Right Got the beautiful the ocean and the palm trees in the beaches which they screwed up pretty damn good and So much natural beauty And then they brought in these people. Oh these people 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the age well that's the only thing that's wrong with it. It is paradise Except for the people we need to take about 70% of the people are here and do a quick transplant That's all quick shuffle off the buffalo. They deserve you Get the guy and speak at a buffalo by the way tremendous interest or sign that roots crystallized Like this is a true story remorning his wife and myself And there's a table full of people nice to was obviously from out of town I don't know I think they worked at some radio station in a while either some Canadian place or think and they're talking about hockey It about all the x-panthers that are on the buffalo and Dallas now and we're sitting there like and of course remember being you know Mr. A panther And we're like a shot that this that anybody down here and then of course you realize they're from out of town That's why they were talking about We got game number four tonight buffalo and Dallas Like buffalo's backs up against the wall does anybody here care anybody here talking about it anybody give her crap? Oh no, just this unbelievable what is it besides the same old tired like really sims on air How can I try and with his fanatic fantasized racism and then the same old crap over the whole of your stations A lot of you mom being to help with the delth come on is to come on. I mean Jesus Christ. It just wears you out It just wears you out Then all the people screaming about bilingualism at all. It's not gonna be Vegas. Hey get used to it baby. It is what it is, okay? It's a big long penis alone. That's really basically a pile of crap and we're doing the best we can And the only way we survive by the way is I don't give a sh** anymore. It's right 560 560 560 560 on the AT I tell you one thing I'm out of your and here right now. We don't have 50 women. I don't care what arbitrucances We don't have 50 women listening to this program This radio station. I mean I worked on stage like I would never had a large woman audience We used to do about a two-sharing woman. We'll never do that on this station again because this station does not have any woman audience none zero I mean we're doing that thing yesterday the most influential person of the century You don't have to be a man you don't have to be an adult yet anybody anybody have opinion on that what do we have like one or two women call the whole four hours You heard one or two maybe one I guess. I don't know maybe none I mean is there anything more important than the jury spring or show in a God they've been stupid Oprah and Osteblo and book she's pumping on there Good, Golly Miss Molly. Why forgot you any Jones 20 till noon at 560 WQM It's on 44 at 560 WQM here. We are like the middle of the show on Tuesday already now Wouldn't you think that maybe we have 10 people anyway that watch the CBS even news like once in a while? Just by accident channel surfing Friday they do and then they're We're promoting it like for a couple of days before. Oh, yeah, we got the big expose a the big intensive in-depth study on the adkins diet This is very popular and the very controversial diet and here's the and rather breathlessly promoting our in-depth study Here it is like at about 647 it lasts for like two and a half or three minutes and they said absolutely nothing They had Dr. Bob Atkins on here for like about 15 seconds. They had some cardiologists on there that saying that for like a 10 second and I was it Did we learn anything whatsoever from that? No, no nothing Absolutely positively nothing and I would have thought that since this was show was basically the one vehicle that made Actons like a Legendary in South Florida that we had a lot of people who had done the Actons or I think it about it or no and about it Or reading about it talking about that did we have anybody call about it? No, no Like I've told you a big in times before the things you think these people are gonna talk about or have something to say about Did they ever do it? No, no ever never 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T line here's for a four-later veil. Hello Hello, yes, I am for Larry. Yes, man Who is it who are you calling you? That's me. Okay. I'm sorry Hey, I was calling to tell you that my big-eyed date He called you last week and he said it. I wear the strap on him. He gets it and he has to make some days Yeah, yeah, what does that make me then if you said yeah, because you said yes, perfect You think so yeah Because I don't think so gender confused you think so we don't find I want to be a man I don't think so any woman that's got a strap on on Really, yeah, okay, and you know what else I want to talk about I was on watching the stocky stuff and How come? Is it like a black one by the way? Pardon me. Is it a big black one that used to sit on our show? Because No, I would be black one though. Okay Anyways, I wanted to ask you about the stocky games and everything You have national I can leave it. What does that mean what does that all the can that gets to play with baseball and hockey I mean It's American hockey, right? It's national I don't get it. You know that's obvious. Yeah The national hockey league. Yeah, but how come the Canadians get to play because they're ones who invented this? Yeah, yeah Yeah, they do each other. They do that too Ask Graham James, he'll tell you he likes playing with hockey players. Oh really. Yeah All right, well, it was nice time. Okay, and have a great thing go strap it on. Oh, like I said 13 to noon at five 60 WQM five sick and we still haven't and we have our black little Oh, you know, I'm gonna tell you something seriously not that that's a valuable and we got a lot of crap in this studio But you know, it's in here stuff people gave to us I'm surprised it didn't take the purple butt plug That's probably gonna be next week Boy, does he have a lot of hook-up? Yeah, just because he's good buddies with OJ He thinks he can walk here and just grab whatever he wants to or you know grab We're not impressed by his dolphin credentials go and sell in the cowdo. Okay. There's a first time for everything Roy But bring back our goddamn instrument Roy. I know I don't want any of that to stick in Colone 567 0560 pound 5 Maybe we'll start that maybe down in a park and line here. We'll start promoting it on the air We'll have Roy and his pickup truck is van downstairs in a park line He can say a bunch of bootleg stuff. So you know stereo speakers Colone We'd not to overused bill those stuff like that Jocstra has from those great dolphin teams of years gone by and much of those over big with this audience Here's Kendall. Hello Okay, sir first the word of the century is okay Followed closely by the two words, you know and then the next Okay, 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T water line. Here's Miami. Hello Neo. How are you doing? Okay, sir? That girl got me excited Yeah And I guess I was gonna scratch it. Yeah, okay. I go scratch it. Yeah, go to a scratch off. Maybe you're the winner 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T water line lady mobile in four pierce hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, hello. I'm first time caller and I just felt compelled to pick up the phone and call you because You made it common about women never calling in I think you're I am a little bit correct, man. And you're up in fourth pierce. Well, yeah I'm on a road trip and fourth pierce. I'm going through fourth pierce by 95 Go through as fast as you can believe me. You're through their real fast. I'm going through here real fast But I don't know I live down here because you'll never be seen again I'm headed for zero beach. That's an There's an interesting count. Yeah Zero so I don't even know really what I called for except to say hello and try to that I do listen and I have opinions about Anything well, who's your most important person of the 20th century? Well, most important I'm not sure most influential right the most influential maybe someone like a spike lead or Steven Spielberg They influence a lot of people Don't you think Oh Okay, listen have a safe trip You know something I'm not sure which one of the two unlike Ricky Martin. I'm not somebody who cries a lot Even though we may have something else in common all the way don't take it up to you. Well, but No, and I'm seriously But this today are there two incidents that were enough to make it got me so psychotic that I feel just like crying The first one was having the sustain 40 minutes of screw-in and Todd Reckonier with their sales hole terrorization of us in here for their bull crap Over much to do about nothing and In this and our ticket looks sounding I mean she sounds like a sweetheart. She sounds intelligent. She sounds thoughtful and You know, and I keep bigger than her left breast. I'm not sure about the right one, but Spike Lee and who is the who is the other one? Steven Spielberg I Can't continue. I just I can't do it. I Can't I continue knowing that I'm that I'm surrounded and that's not just this show it's this country It's this entire vast unbelievable vacuum I mean to me this is not a difficult question. I mean, yeah, it's a less something I've a lot of fun with as far as debating it But it's it's not the kind of thing where you bring it into containers Athletes those are not the most influential people of this century In a century where we sent men to the moon people invented television radio automobiles planes We had a depression two world wars Vietnam Korea I think Spike Lee How about Jackie Lee Anybody go for him? Yeah Especially that race we call the wrong where we had Jackie mode driving all nine horses in the race that one was pretty good That was the most influential race call I ever heard which we still had that Oh, I mean what what is there to say to yourself? He just walk around and let them look like that all day long. I keep going Yeah, like that and then I keep you know waiting till pate Here's North Miami Beach, hello And here's open the reservations best light Oh, yeah, okay, they get a hundred and seven dollars or night You can get a reservation there until after Labor Day. Yeah, there's not a rumor there A board is that 10 and 13,000 people there last right what does that tell you let's pick a million dollars in and a state don't get up any your comment is But what do you expect what do you mean my comment is look it's been a bit horse, okay? Anybody with a brain? Those we got to have to see those here and a state, you know can take a nice big chunk, but it's a goody two shoes red next states, sir You can keep bang in your call up because give them casino stands number okay the two of them can come is a rate Okay, I just don't have time to waste in my life anymore with restating the obvious the fact is this is what it is? It's not gonna change Remember all those ballot petition drives and we got on the ballot and there's to bring my head against the wall screaming in the other well What's the point did it change anything? Oh, no Even a Mississippi they got guy damn casino some of the most backwards places in the country about casino gambling What does that tell you about Florida everything you need to know? Even losing Anna baby they got the steam boats, but not here because it's evil it's bad Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's okay to have the dog racing and horse racing and a high-life every other kind in their lottery That's okay. There you go being oh, yeah, you name it especially if the church is involved of course It's a hypocritical goody two shoes Bible pumping deep into the Stone Age state Just can't use to it, sir, enjoy the sun shine and enjoy the nice climate. I know's you know 30 days a year when a sun is shining It doesn't rain the 20 gallons in your backyard and just you know go with the flow just vegetate Just enough the attitude that we've used to survive sir. I don't give a sh** me more there you go 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line here's Naples hello. Oh, okay man the century I'm Edison or Henry Ford yeah, gotta be they're up there on the list. I gotta be there Yeah, and we came back that pharmaceutical drug and children thing yes All these high school kids that are going bananas and shoot everybody up every single one of them was on either Riddell and rant that depressing absolutely correct That's right. That's in the study and let's go ahead and get it to start pumping it out You know the ad to ask any teacher you know kids got 80 to eight or put them on Riddell and put them on really Yeah, they're answer for every Uh-huh Yeah, well there are a young people are old people we do the same with everybody in our society And we got an an instant magic pill so the drug companies can make a ton of money We can let this story everybody's brain wasn't a drug they went out and got themselves on it was the drugs But the doctors the teachers and the parents all said hey right it is right it is It can hope you check this week. Okay. Oh, that would be a miracle. I got my check this week. Just paid is this 25th But hey, I'll take it early 560 5050 5060 on the 18 T and T wireless line share hope several people heard man It's just screaming about his text life line how they held his money back for two months Because that's the way they do it here. I don't make these things up just to be a bad guy to be a Malcolm Ted I like whatever it goes a long nice and quiet and smooth which for a couple months to do And first we had that little late payday toward the end of last week Which should have been an omen it should have been you know like a little billboard for the fact that was gonna be some real heavy duty crap coming down this week with some of our sales Malcolm 10 Some people are never satisfied when things are going a little bit too well So let's stir the pot. Let's stir it up. Let's get everybody a little bit crazy By the way, speaking of stirring it up by the way yesterday when I left here to show you a get about intolerant people people looking for problems So I took out nice predominant reserve from Nick's and I with the intention of you know, so I'll get it on the way home And the bulk of Ryan was standing there who happened to have his nice big lighter in his hand and so he lit it for me I you know, I use my clipper in here clipped the end and he lit it as I was on the way out Of course it didn't dawn on me that I was still in our non smoking building. I do like that. Oh And as I walked down a hall toward the other studio Because it was too a clock and we're getting ready for Hank show who was out of the building was doing a chill as yesterday Jason comes running out because then like and and I look in there and David the boardoff who does Hank show in the afternoon He's got a lot it's like they're sniffing there and he's got to look on his face like like somebody would have dropped a big file in the hall right outside their door And I thought to myself you idiot you I'm telling you that's his face Melted homemade junior. Yes, he had a look like somebody like like Adam from sales It just on another bed It could be a more something that was sifting down a hall. That's that's normal. No, they were looking for where they source of the smoke Oh, there's so many smoke over it. Oh, Jesus and I was happy to be great smelling cigars do by the way. I'm gonna light one up in a second No, I am I'm gonna light up a stove Yeah, I can't take this dress. Okay. If they don't like it. They can blow it out there. I'm tired of the bull crap here I am I'm tired of all this happy horse crap Can't even breathe in this room. I gotta put on that 1902 fan that Edison would be embarrassed by it Making all that creaking although it was an ice segment there for 15 minutes while I kind of warmed up But if you're smoking a booling it's a right what a bunch of goody two shoes phony's okay It's that time it's almost noon now. You know what they're doing with that big black instrument that right took you to the don't you? They're having a cluster right now You've heard me You We'll be shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shoot shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting shooting !!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????!?!????????????????!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? indent!!??????????????????????????????????????????????? ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????!!!!!??????????????????????????????????????????????!!!?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????!???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? whatever you say, almost 4, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, all the, they just a couple of months you go to the bunk to hold low-fat diet thing they said it's a fraud, it doesn't work it's a lie and now all the new diets like about Sinai diet which I think is what Hank is doing and the protein power and all of them are like low-carb, high-potene diets. But we're going to debunk it here, we're going to give you the inside story on the CBS evening news, then you know something you ought to be ashamed of yourself, you ought to hang your head and shame at what's the frequency you can with God damn it, Christ. Don't expect any information any honest information about this stuff from here through your TV tube because you'll never see it. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes, me, yes, man. Don't say we don't listen to you show, I'm listening to you show it. I don't have 30 women listening, you and 25 others maybe. And then they run the in one more point, you're listening. Okay. What about your name, Neil Rogers? Neil Rogers. Yeah. I'm number eight right now. You have influenced my co-workers that it's not funny. Like why? You influence in their life. Like fish food. Everything they agree with you, even though they're black and I'm Hispanic and you don't like black. What do you mean? It's an interview. Wait a minute, we said I don't like blacks. Oh well, the comments that you make. Why, much marches, that's just what you're all with that. See? See, we know, not see, no, not see. No. And he's Spanish, I'm Hispanic. I like nice people. They're, I don't care whether they're black or not. I mean, no, what about them? No, no, no, no. But you have influence in them. Oh, God bless them. Okay. And Tom don't eat too much watermelon. Okay. And fried chicken. Don't like, see, she started with that really Sims crap now again. That's it. Start with all the old, just the, all the seeds of racial hatred there. Not watermelon seeds. See, the racial hatred really Sims. And you jackass. Same old, tired bull crap. Air me group with their own agenda. And just somehow OG is like a role model for a black America. God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And of course, the best part of it is we're surrounded by a few of his best post personal friends and assuckers right here in the building. Oh, can I please have you autographed, Miss Dees Simpson? I'd rather get Bart Simpson's autograph before I get OGs. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line, the man of the year. That's what we want. And how about some black people? We got Martin Luther King on air. How about some other ones? Some dark and plugged in folks like like. Julian Bond. Well, he's almost black. They're good Marshall. How about Malcolm from young in the horny? He's high on my list. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a man of the century for he had such fortune, but it's a year to the name of Albert Einstein. Yeah. He influenced when he was sent out of Germany, he invented the atomic bomb, which helped America win the war. Otherwise, the Nazis would want the war and dominate the world. So how about that? Well, you should feel better. By knowing that only Elvis Presley yet's rock ravine in eight off Hitler or head of Einstein and Liz, tell you like that. I don't like that. It's enough to make you want a puke. I know. OK. Thank you so much, sir. Albert Einstein, who is that? They know it. They know it from MC squared. They know MC hammer. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. That's what they know. Mobile in key largo. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, there. What's going on? Not much. They've got a M.O.C. and Chilins. No, but anyway, in fluential would be, as anybody mentioned, Wilbur or oral. No, I mentioned that yesterday. We had 75,000 other names mentioned here, including a lot of very silly ones. And I was the only one that mentioned the right brother, Sonny liked that. Well, that's, I would say that they were more influential than Albert Einstein because we didn't win the war with the bomb. We wanted with our airplane. I was watching the discovery channel of the night and they told the whole story behind that. We bombed a hell out of there. How about the Japanese war? How do we win that? For sure on that side of it, but as far as the Hitler's surrendering, we did that with our airplane. Right. Let's give a vote. And we'll split a half of O.D. D'Orville and Wilbur. Excellent. Okay. All right. Thanks. And let's give one to a Virgin Chaglan of Kierlands to, okay. How about a vote for Austin Powers? Certainly the most influential man of this year. So far it's only the middle of June, but there's nobody even a close second. He's everywhere. And by the way, you know, he's Mike Myers. Is that his real man? He's not British. He's Canadian. Were you aware of that? Yes, I was. He's a cannot watching it for long. But you know something is teeth are bad enough that he could be British. So he's very credible. Those are fake. Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on a mobile one line. You ever see Brittany? Oh, same thing. Here's a lady in the highly. Hello. Lady in high allia. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I'm a lady and a 18. All right. And I love you so. Really? Yes, I do. A lady 18 and high allia that loves the show. Oh, my God. Oh. Born and raised here unfortunately by Cuban family. Oh, well. Nothing. Nothing's perfect. Yeah, exactly. I'm a huge, huge hockey fan. Great. And when you, I'll be mentioned anything about hockey. Right. And, um, like those neighbors who you're playing for in the finals. Sabers totally. Oh, thank you. Tonight's the night. They got a show up tonight. We got a wake up Brian Holzinger. He's been in the coma and wake up Rasmasin and a couple of these other guys like that. Shattan's got a, I mean, he played so great during a regular season. I know. We got a wake up Mirus love. Exactly. And, um, I just want to tell you that I love your show. Oh, I don't know if you've heard about this, but I saw a show yesterday. On New Pianne. It's called Power Playing. Yeah. It's a hockey show. I've seen that. Yeah. It was okay. Yeah, it's all right. Quite a bit fake, but it was okay. Yeah, better nothing. Yeah. Okay. Well, go Sabers. Yeah. Can I ask you a question? Yes, man. I was always wondering who's your favorite hockey player? My favorite hockey player? No. That's a interesting question. My favorite hockey player is, uh, I don't know. Yeah, no. Huh? It would have to be somebody on the least wouldn't it? Yeah, I got a bit to leave. I don't know. Maybe Steve is Sullivan. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, like those smaller sighting players, you know, like, two Barnes, remember him? Oh, yeah. Okay. Thanks for calling to me, Darth. Oh, I love you, Neil. Thanks. Nice. That made my day. Yeah. She made stuff for like 600 other calls. I didn't like that. That's a shocker. I could just drop my socks right on the floor now. 18 year old, very articulate young lady in the highly of Big hockey fan. Oh, my God. Oh. See, what you excuse for the rest of you, huh? What you excuse for the rest of you people out there? What kind of a life have you got? What do you into, huh? What to your chain? A cranksier chain. Oh, a hockey, though. That's a community that we don't know about, like, you know, curling. Yeah, curl this. Curl up in a quarter in croak. 11 pass, no, not a QAM. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. And beat that cater meat. Oh, who jays off the way with food and onions, one of them. I'm so white and you and your friend. Now we haven't said he's saying to the bubbles, to my alleyway. Thinks will blend in. Go back. Go back. Go back to hell that you move me, though. Yeah. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. You'll have a little you move me, though. Yeah. Go back, go, Jay. We need going to a next door, long. Don't forget to read your. Can't count the angle, firing the ring ass. Oh, who? What you say to me, you whass. I'm just, I'm in your way. I've never done your one ass. And what made the first time I got away with this food? I've never done your one. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. Go back. I thought that that get rebuffed but welcoming me. That neighborhood. So. So what the old Jay had to say on that we'll be loving. So we'll really say, I was a 40 in split, but we'll be loving. Turned called. Jackass. 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Don't take it personally unless you want to. Oh, Jay, we just don't want to hear. Okay. It's just the way it is. We don't want you here. We hate you like poison. We're not to the gun murders and it hurts for a little while. Here's a mobile and Fort Latterdale. Hello. Mobile and Fort Latterdale. Going once with that radio cranked up nice and loud in the back. Go ahead. Yes sir. First time call it. All right. One time listener. Yes sir. Why man of the century is Jimmy Carter. Why? That man is Ruth. Yeah. What? Okay. He has to do the program. He gave a lot of people jobs. Yeah. He did. Uh huh. Have a chat. Give a 17% inflation right. I understand. Right. Hello. I'm listening. Okay. Well, I haven't. I'm talking about myself. Is Billy who is a peeing all over the sidewalk? Well, whatever. You're like. Oh, yeah. Give us a note. Miss Lolley and who looked like mother Teresa on a bed. Yeah. In fact, I bet you couldn't tell her her wrinkles from other terraces. Very good. Put a new wrinkle in the White House. Yes. Well, Jimmy Carter was great. Jimmy Carter gave my job. But after people in the city, welcome pork. That's their job. Jimmy Carter. He's just an ordinary guy. He had lost in his parts and that makes him okay. Pardon me? I said have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60, out of mobile one line. I had lost in my heart. Oh, wow. What a revelation, Jimmy. And of course, at the time that was considered, oh, man, really cutting edge for a personal and so candidly, to say, oh, yeah, even I've had lost in my heart. Even somebody is boring as me. And of course, when you married to that bitch, Rosalind, what do you expect? She's busy running around by the way over the crazy people. Oh, yeah. We got to change the name of Looney Tunes and all those candy bars. Because it's disrespectful, yeah. Okay. I guess we better get them to get the peanuts, college strip, like that one way or two, because that's big industry down there in Georgia. Just respectful to the peanut people. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are they going? Great. I mean, you're in a virtual Miami friend over here. Yeah. I wonder if I get to share with the question from you. Are you in a university of Miami student? Yes. That listens to this show? I've been listening to you for about 10 years now. Oh, my God. Wow. My dad's turned me on to you. Let me ask you something. How come they got to an ugly baseball team, that's your, huh? I don't know. It's pretty good though. Yeah, they are. They're going to go all the way. You're a fan of the tradition over here. My grandpa listened to you. I listened to him my dad listened to you. God bless you, sir. I don't know. I get to share with the question from you. Absolutely. How about the different ways to use the word F, F work? Yeah. Can I get down? Please don't say the F work. Okay. What's that called, George? The F word. No, what's not? Sure it is. It is not. That's the OG. I can't believe you said that. That's the under the. I don't know. Some intern put it in. Oh, like I said, this is good. This could kill. That's not what it's called. I know it's in there because I played it out of there. But that's not what it's called. Thank you very much, sir. It's coming up one of these minutes as soon as we can figure out what that was called. Ha ha ha ha. When you work on it, okay? God damn it. Don't teach you to let the interns a dittler round with that thing. Yeah, it is under the. The F word. No, it's not. F is in quotes. They put it just like it was written on the thing there. They don't simplify. I don't understand. Well, where the hell is it? Oh, geez. I mean, who blew it out with that in there? Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word. F. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F. F. F. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love. F. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word, fully can, which means, to strike. In English, F. F. Falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance. John F. Surely. It's meaning is not always sexual. It could be used as an adjective, such as John's doing all the F. F. Work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to F. F. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective. Shirley is F. F. Beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a F. As part of a word, F. F. I can literally, for, in F. Concretable. And, as almost every word in a sentence, F. F. As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of F. As in these examples describing situations, such as F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. F. All right. Okay. 120, comes question two it's 50 definitely. Inflatory shave does performers say that the media bully have hearing opposition can make them a present or a good occasional day? But, it was never common. I'm obviously like following the music that I've all upon a ton on this small potato. I understand it except for my lady friend and Hialia. See all it takes I'm very easy all it takes is one call like that and I'm happy now even if between now and two and it probably will be desperate. I don't care one call like that again. It reinstals some faith in me that they're actually living and reading people loose and they show them maybe even get it. So what do you say? How about Spike Lee? That woman from four pier. She left me cold. Limft. She left it limp. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you buddy? Great. I got a spot of court for you. Uh-huh. First time when you might make your list there were honorable Jesse Jackson. I was in Chicago this weekend. I was up there Murphy's outtime right field right during the baseball game. He comes walking through the bar. I got a picture with him but in Chicago on the weekend. Yeah. There's a bachelor at party with every bar and so for that so that he's just the jack and walking through the bar. So it's running out from to get a picture with him but meanwhile she forgets you're holding a fort foot bill though. He's at least to say it was not happy and did not take a picture with her. Really? Did not. And on the last Jesse is too appreciative to be picture with a young lady with a billed owner. But a whole bunch of drunk guys with white socks that's okay but as soon as the white ship with a billed man up he said, oh she was white while I explained it. I don't think it was the bill though. Well color was the billed up. It was white. Oh see if it would have been when I'd been blacked up if Roy would have just shared with the Jesse. Yeah. The officer. Okay. Thanks to the good news. Yeah. We still have we found that blacked up although yet. No. That Roy is running around a building in fact. Joe Costello was capturing up some amazing things that Roy might have been doing with it which I don't want to hear what they were because I already had lunch. 560560, on a mobile one line. Here's a lady in Naples. Hello. Hey. Yes, man. Well a couple of things. Everybody keeps talking about Edison and how influential he was and everything. He wasn't. Well if he ever studied history he was repeatedly sued for copyright, trademark and French men. Yeah. Mostly by Tesla and Tesla's employers because Nicola Tesla actually invented most of the things that we use every day including you know AC power. For example Edison, vehemently fought against it. He wanted everybody to use direct current. Yeah. He bought a lot of them. Yeah. He had the light bulb. No, but neither did Edison. He only perfected it. Okay. But that's that's this one thing. I mean I bought the pornograph. Hey. We do have a sense of humor and maple from spider report. Thank God. Yeah. You have to be the robiter. He had people good sentient. I'm not the other thing. Which would be cheap so and says why can't we give us an 800 number? Oh boy you do have a setty. Oh man. I'm sitting here. I'm quantin the office. I'm gonna have to pay for the call. It's like give us an 800 number. Yeah. I mean you can realize how many calls we'd have from four Myers and Naples and all over the I mentioned that several months ago to Gregory and then he walked out and didn't speak to me for three months. You know. I mean you want to try something that we work for here. Well I mean I know. I mean you have tons and tons of listeners over here. I know. I know. It's kind of an afford to call. Let's see the thing. And how about all the people listening on the audio and that all over the world if we had 800 number. See, but if it costs them money here. Oh, God. I like to say they want narrowed their bank account and that's somebody else's. Okay. And then number two I don't necessarily qualifies as a spy report or striking one for the little people. Yeah. Saturday evening I was treated to a dinner at Ruth's Christmas and Fort Waterdale to celebrate my birthday. Really? Which is actually tomorrow? Yeah. Well what time were you there? Saturday? A clock? We were there. Well we must have missed you. We were sitting and smoking. Where were you? You smoking? I don't know. We must be. We were like right in the corner. The big table on the end there were the nine people. Oh, we were on the little table right by the doorway where you come in from the left-hand side. We were the loud table. I'm actually we walked right by it. You must have died? I thought we were the loud table. No, I don't remember that. Well anyway we got a really great time except when I was coming in we've never been there before my sister-in-law and I are walking in my husband's part in the car because you want to let the bell-a-touch of or whatever. Yeah. I'm not looking where I'm going. I run right into the guy in front of me who's standing by the Hoosest desk and I step on his heel with my toe and my husband's home really hard and he goes, oh, I just liked this. Then I said, oh, you know, I'm truly embarrassed. I didn't like looking at the stage and I apologize and I went in the bar to like, I'd go in some various, you know. My sister-in-law said, you know who you just ran into and I'm like, whoa, and she says, Wayne Hizinga, let's get out. You mean Wayne Hizinga was also in there at the same time? He was apparently leaving when we were coming in and I didn't believe her. So I picked my head around the corner and there is Wayne and Marty. They've just apparently had dinner and I'm all over. They were in there at the time we were in there though. Well, they were being here. But we came in as five. Oh, were you? And we were here for like, oh my god. I told you, and like ran right into him and then of course I was like, wait for him there to, you know, give him a hard time about what he sounded like. Oh, so for it. Yeah. Well, nice job sweetheart. You get several points for that. Have a great day. Thank you. Bye. How do you like that? Wayne was in there with Marty. Too bad we didn't say a few times. Get her all wild up. Trump, 27 at 5. 60 WQM on me. My dad's not me. Oh, he makes me win. He has me up. When I was younger than he was. I, I was killed by my daddy. I want to. I did not realize that I was a kid or three. It's not a needy. I'm in there. I'm up to one. Oh, no. He beat the N.C.C.D. It's a lot there. Oh. And I'm just like that. And he's gone. He's up the N.O. He's out the N.O. He's out the Pababado. So they're going to let him go. My dad's not me. Oh, he made me do. Get it up to my dad. I'm telling you the wrong move in. You're there to hear my dad's. I'm not a kid. I knew you might want to run play there. By now Gordon the proof there's red Have on Sustler, and that's a Avowon Brown bitch from the O.J. business, and there's Roger Kassack from the O.J. business. And guess what we're talking about again, today, because there weren't a course of those over. Nobody gives a flying crap about O.J. except we don't want to move it here. And now we have to go back to John today. And then you know a couple months will have to go back to a column by a high and little in Colorado and rehash that. And then what you know what do we do then? Hopefully something terrible will happen between on them. You mean like a new Spike Lee movie? 560, 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Most influential person in the 20th century, Spike Lee. Oh, how about Wrangely? How about Piquilly? Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Oh, Neo. Yes, sir. Good afternoon sir. And back to you. Just more Coney, the father of radio fitted on your list. Yes, he does. He's on here bubbling around somewhere. We talked about him the other day. He's worthy of mention. You know, we developed discovered radio frequencies. Right. I want to commend you on your good work. Thanks for rattling the community and the people of this area. I'm shaking some sense until I mean Spike Lee gets serious. Is that incredible? It's phenomenal. Even, it's needed for all the money. Steven Spielberg, how could the human race have ever function without ET for example? It boggles the mind, Neil. I just want to say, have a good day, sir, and keep up the good work. And have a great life. Oh, here he is. He asking you shall receive. How you doing, Sean? Yeah, I am. I don't mind it like him bearish you with a calling, but I mean, I feel so like unloved this this week. I'm sorry. I was going to call this week. That's okay. I realize you're home for all of 11 days. You've been having more important things in the meaningful ways to spend your time to call on some stupid talk. So I understand it. Not that you want to say that. I just thought I would say it for you. No, you had to. You know, you had to just like go on buying the city. You had to inspire me a little. Okay. Well, I did. So I'll talk about how to understand it. Why, there's something you wrote about. You were embarrassed to buy the CDC of Buffy and Animal City. Also, why would you be embarrassed to buy Brittany Spears City? Everybody your wages after buying Brittany Spears? Yeah, no, no, no guys. The hell are not? Yeah, you think? No guys are buying Brittany Spears? Well, I mean, maybe like, I don't know, just to read like the inside booklet, which is just to look at the picture on the inside booklet. Yeah, now you have seen the video, right? She's number three. I watched yesterday. Have you seen the video where you saw the video, right? Okay. So you saw the video where the provocative crotch pulling part on the, you know, at the end, you mean? No, not at the end. See, you haven't noticed today. They even enjoyed it. Also, but there's a part in there. If you watch, you said it yesterday. What? There was a crotch pulling scene. Right. So I looked up when the, uh, Your L was on, you know, the show. Right. And I taped it. Yeah. And then I watched it. Yeah, I saw it. But that's in the middle of the video. It's not at the end. She does it. It's like, all through it. Oh, no, she did. I think you were pulling your crotch, all through is what it was. Maybe I was just imagining it. Yeah, I was, it was wishful thinking. No, there's a scene where she's standing in front of the car. And there's two chicks standing on each side of the, uh, by each headlight. And one of my creatures back in. She's got her shorts. Our, up inside her, uh, private gen. She pulls them out. We'll have to watch it again. What, what time's on? Three, thirty. Where? But you said you taped it. Yeah, that's right. Oh, my god. Whoever was it said by doing that too much will make you go blind and lose your mind. I think you may have had a point. I think you've watched it. I've video so much. I think it's just what I'm hearing. So how's North Western coming? It's great. Must be good if you're going back in a few days. Yeah, well, and what did I tell you? It's, uh, it's, uh, and you, you, you read in the letter about regularly, right? Right. What I said about regularly, huh? I'm going back in real real city. We're like real sports fans and real atmosphere and a great ballpark. And, uh, what the hell's not to like in a great downtown where you can walk around a nice? I'm sorry I'm not there now because, you know, the socks they swept the cops. Right. And we want to see that. It's like the biggest story there. Well, no, I didn't want to know, but I mean, just to hear what people are saying, you know? Yeah. No one here, even probably knows who the socks are. There's nobody here knows who the marlins are. Forget about the white socks. Okay. Nobody knows from nothing. Except they wanted to show off so they could throw a bunch of crap back in four than getting the fights with the Yankee fans for three days. And it is that like a story that they're more Yankee fans than Marlin fans? No, it's not a story at all. So when the giants played the dolphin, there's more giant fans than they came to the jet games. Right. So I was talking to my rabbi last night. And I read in your letter that you went to show on both days of Shivou. It just brought a tiered man, but I understand that when you've been as a kid, you're really brainwars to do head by your family. You know, you're just a little bit too Jewish at the stage. You know, finally shake it off. Well, you'll be happy to know that my rabbi agreed that Hitler should be number one on the list. Uh-huh. So, any, you know, I thought it was ludicrous that we're being should even be considered. Hey, yeah, who the hell knows from Yitzhok Rabin, much less can say it? I mean, we have to agree on a name that the glam can pronounce. Yitzhok is not one of those. If you only Yitzhok, I know it's my brother. Right. Your brother's name is Yitzhok? Well, his eburnan. I said, he's just a little bit too Jewish, but you're locked road. You'll shake off the cobwebs and warm your way out of it eventually. Trust me. So, so you got my letter on one, too, there, right? On that day, I was talking about, I'm something about you and I'll click around with your last name and your father. Right. The letter came in. It was a psychic thing, yeah. So, I was like Monday night, last Tuesday morning, I was up all night, finishing a paper for a class. And I was working straight through a tour mine in the morning. And I went to drop it off and I came back and my mother left me a message, you know, frantic that, you know, Neil, Bapapa, and, you know, call me back and, you know, he did so special. I was already going to sleep, you know, until like, you know, four, five, and the afternoon. Yeah. So, I called her back and she was like, you know, had the phone up to the radio. And she was very excited. Really? So, yeah. So, that's good. And I'm standing on the map. I'm proud of that. So, yeah. And the people are calling her. Really? Yeah. I wish they'd be calling me. They're calling her. That's the problem. So, you sound really excited to be here, Sean. Oh, yeah. I just, you know, I have a doctor's appointment to, you know, a lot of, a lot of the, like the front stuff coming out. The week and you'll be on here. You'll be back to civilization. Yeah. Yeah. How do you be pleased with all that the panthers are going to really, do something next year? Something. Yeah. So we'll all show up just because it's a great place to hang out. Nobody cares. Yeah. I mean, you know, from shift from, man to shift from the stakeholder. The final year. I mean, the zero. I noticed, I noticed the, yeah, Sun channel, Sun, micro so out to cover, which is an upgrade. Yeah. From what, you know, at least we have a person they're covering it. Yeah. But what is serious? I watched game two, one when one was one game two in doubt. The four two games. Well, Thursday. Yeah. Watch that game. And it's just, of course, I'm the only one of my floor. I was sitting there by myself watching it, but it's a great fear. And you know, all the experts say, you know, we're saying, you know, a buffalo plays Dallas, you know, we're going to have this coma inducing series and, you know, I think we have. Do you thought it's been exciting? The buffalo Dallas series. It's a like the last game. You thought it was a good idea. I didn't do the last one. I wonder your insets are good mood, believe me. You could have told you to made up your lost sleep during that game. Because I was who was Saturday night and I came home Saturday night. Yeah, well, let's just hope the Sabers wake up tonight. It's going to be great. You're getting excitement from him. Yeah. Okay, Sean, take care of yourself. All right, you two. I'll see you. Okay, there's Sean from Northwestern, formerly from South Florida, from, you know, Jakaranda, but now from Chicago. I told him that the himself has never been there before. I said, when you go off to school there, you'll never want to come back here. Like a real city with real people and like atmosphere with something, you know, like with a really feel where people like take off or work to go to a ballgame and just hang out and drink up at 20 or 30 beers and have a great time. Or people have feeling. Don't start getting bitter again. I'll just calm down. Otherwise, that Todd record business is circling you all up. Sit again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, 5, 60. You know, something nobody even Hitler didn't deserve having Todd wreck coming in in the morning and ruin his day. Nobody deserves that. And let me say it again. If that man comes anywhere near that door, believe me, it'll be the last time. Because I'll get up and I'll fly out of here. I will like a jet like Virgin, shaglatic airlines. I will zoom out of this place. 19 to one is 5, 60, QM, alright? Okay. A ride. She lets out a gigo. When he makes a wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. No. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, he don't know where a stove he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or humans. And then I can saw the sun see their box. Means saw her naked. Stars report you need to go in blind. That place then he was working hard. They nighted in the ovary of this. Working on a practice with Job. It took a maximum noodle for an exploding. Lord it for a man to go with flow and ring the stove. There's a garden, money comes a vagina. She lets out a gigo. Every time he makes a wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine. Well, people feel that Hillary's in. Made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wrong. A fan the linking bedroom she was morning. Morning, how good was it to in her with filled those bones. Bill the garden, money goes vagina. Roy. She lets out a gigo. Every friggin' time he makes a wiggle, money goes, not the kind you can do in the behind. Record us a car and her vagina she's all mine. Well, can't do you think? Yes, a master is that her. Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a sip of real love. Every little friend, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, so all together, what does America think of Monica? It's a kex band, that's so nice. It's 11, before one at 560, WQA, and we have a 400 open line, of course, 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. That's our full question today. Can it's my Smokcho, Spike Lee or Steven Spielberg? Here's Boca, hello. I like to give you my choice. Missed. Here we go. Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello. The other, the only an Elvis nerd, and this guy was the one who had hold with nothing to say. Only an Elvis nerd would go through the trouble of queuing that up in Bionnear for like 3 or 1 or 2. They talk about pop culture in America, it's no such thing as pop culture. That is culture, that's American culture right now, is pop culture. Supercellius Crat, idiotic garbage that they see, air of the minute of every day, 24 hours a day. On hard copy, soft copy, inside edition, outside edition, every one of these 45 million goddamn entertainment shows. Glorifying a bunch of assholes and pansies like Ricky Martin, you know. I mean, what the hell are we talking about? Jesus, Kate Christ. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, you're always talking about how much you ate this city and you think the people are there. You know why? Because the people like you, that can't find a life. You don't get a search party and find a life. Go look for a penis first and then find a life. Actually, you find that if you do what I do. 560, 0560, pound 511 here man. I love every minute of it. I love yoli. I love this job. I love every thing about this place, you know. You want to know why? I don't give a shit. That's right. I got a whole new altitude about things. So just cut the crap. Okay, be any lectures on life. I'm doing pretty damn good. Okay, you slipper. I bet you this guy didn't buy two dinners for people who were who's Christian last to me and that's like I did, huh? And by the way, speaking that, I don't care. I'm just not holding anything back anymore. I'm too old for that to hold stuff back. You know, I mean, I love the food there and they're great and the response around the station and they've treated me nicely over the years. All I think I've treated them a lot better. I gave them a free for our infomercial here last week and it was all heartfelt. It wasn't because there was sponsor because I loved the joint. And I'm not an even though the rumors were with me last night. I'm not looking for a free meal. I mean, of course, if there would have been one, I would have been nice. After spending like 500 and some bucks there, etc. But I'm not looking for freebies. But when you look in the past and they were just about every time we've been there, they offer like a free dessert, which we didn't eat dessert and didn't want dessert wouldn't have taken anyway or free coffee, which I don't drink. You know what I'm saying? Or like the appetizers that they brought out for us Saturday? Last night, it was like I was a stranger there. And I realized, of course, the rumors were there. So they probably wanted to make sure there was paid for and full. No freebies for him, you know? But, but seriously, I mean, am I wrong? When you spend over 700 bucks in a place for two meals in three nights, at least just out of courtesy, they might have acknowledged like, you know, here's something. Here's an extra mushroom with that crammed meat out. Boy, those are great. God, I'm serious. That is heavy dooby stuff. But, am I wrong? No, you're not wrong. But you wouldn't believe me when I said it was, you know, the river connection. See, there you go with that, that's from there. Well, what were the different? How many appetizers did they send up for five hundred? I've been there a Zinghmai who spent the time. They've always offered a complimentary dessert or they brought it. As always, wither without them. Okay. So, no, play in them just because you haven't said that. You're asked about, oh, that's right. Don't play him. Hey, Pharaoh happens to be damn nice. Okay. I love your dearly. Yes, I love your dearly. And that's for saving the nowhere. I'm that her. Yeah. I think because you're all crap to about straight guys getting blow job. Gotta say that. That's a friend of Pharaoh. Oh, she didn't say that. And he would take an elite. He wasn't even sitting there. Okay. I'm sure she's heard stories. Spend a lot of time in the locker room from what I understand. Yeah. And we all know about the locker rooms. You're the only one who's never spent a lot of time in the locker room. Ray, what the heck has a fair? That's because they won't let me in. Five, six, seven, oh, five. The only ten they let me in the locker room at the panties was before I went. When they were opening the building. Oh, here's where Ray. Whitney's locker is going to be. There's nobody in here yet, but here's where this one is going to be taking a shower. And that's it. You'll ever come back here again. I mean, who wants to be in there with a bunch of sweaty hot naked hockey players after a tough game? Here's a mobile and pombie, chill out. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. A two names for the most influential, especially entering the 21st century. You can also be. One being Carl Sagan. Yeah. I think it's a great way to take off little crutches that we kind of carry around in the end of the whole day. And the other one is Bertram Russell for writing why I don't believe in God. Right. Right. I don't know if either one of them were mentioned. Now, they got the Pope and Billy Graham on there and somehow they left those two off. What does that say? Oh, I think it was. You know, because it's credible that we're entering the millennium with our head between our plans regarding religion and other issues. Exactly. Well, thank God. I'm not a superstitious bunch anyway. Oh, that's right. And God bless you. Well, I got blessed. Welcome, Ricardo. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty, and a mobile one. So now that this information came out in Jose Land Beach, column will always get to write. We may be out of like another third trial for Eric and Lyleman. And then there's not what do you think? I mean, one of them got that hair transplant. And that was what's was what I didn't have any hair that had the bad wig. And the wig went flying off in one brother didn't even know we had to under this freak down. Remember reading that? Freaked out. Oh, my God. Look at that thing. It's alive. Must have been like a Bob Eisenberg piece. If he had just gone to see Charles Alfie or he'd had he might still be alive today. You know, here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Hey, this is Punch Him, Lack. The Savior's in seven. Uh-huh. He was punchy all right. Like I said, punchy. I'm like with my host yesterday for man in the century. Oh, give me some great years. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp, I have the Savior's in seven. You better wake up tonight, Mr. Attended it. I'm pulling for you real hard. I'm pulling it. But you guys better wake up. 12 shots my ass. Talk about a coma game. Whoa. Let's get serious. Let's not get dazzled by that horrible. The Dallas stars are going to apologize in the National Hockey League. They make the devils from four years ago. Look at sighting. Looks stimulating by comparison with this coma-inducing style that they play. Horrible. Grow test. What do you expect when you got Alfred Hitchcock behind a bench? Fat tub. Man. Where are we going? How come none of them? Oh, there is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Hey, then listen in here since Zeta. Great. I love you. Yes, you do. What's not to like? What's not to like? Nothing. Sam Rides. Uh, is on there with is Rosa Parks there? So somebody mentioned her yesterday. Oh, really? I just bet. Well, we don't want to too many of those dark people on there, you know? That's right. We already got Martin Luther King. We don't want to bring him a ghost. And just that it's here, Rostody. Is it jerk? Dr. Fock and that with? No. Thank God. Oh, well, he's the only thing he ought to be in today. Just like Hitler. He ought to be right behind me. That's right. Oh, my God. He destroyed child rearing. If I can use that trick. Exactly. Exactly. Even a priest are better at child rearing. All right. That's all. God bless you. You have a wonderful life. It's there. Bye-bye. Yeah, the priest are good at child rearing. They've got fact in the church. Why do things they keep the altar boys down there. I knew so much of the time. Oh, no. You're just making that up. Yeah, I think it's real natural for God to be walking around and address sitting over there on a one side of the confessional asking your son about all his personal sexual fantasies. And, you know, where he's been doing it in how many times he did it. And what was it like? And oh, God, that's good. And he heard those stuffing sounds that they have a sound over there. Father's tool. Yeah, that sounds pretty natural to me. I know that if I was like so inclined, I'd say that a whole bunch of kids over there who, you know, check out Father's tool. In fact, you know, something probably as a result of this show. I will not say they weren't already well aware of it. But I wouldn't be surprised if glory holstered top and up in confessional is all over time pretty soon. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Then you'll be able to see Father's tool. Three minutes before one, it's just a one-eyed serpent. You know how the devil works in the street is ways. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. I was just a girl. Oh, should I say she doesn't need me? She thought this was good. She said I went out by morning moon. That she asked me how long it was. And I stopped as the laughs. That's up. You're thinking about it, but it's shriks when you pee in the bathroom. But when I woke, my f*** was lost. She struck the top. So I torched her house. She bettered up f***ing my morning moon. I'm here. I'm longing for a better. This incredible story by the way, diabetic man, Sue's bakery, muffins, two sweet, which reminded me of a certain place which I don't want to mention on a year. But you know, which one I'm talking about where they were peddling all that for diabetic stuff that was loaded with carbohydrates and probably sending a lot of people's blood sugar. Soaring away up there. But nevertheless, the fan free product was actually scoop and bake. You're not this is just unbelievable. That's very believable. For six years, diabetic Abe, bond, happily months the way, and he supposedly sugar-free factory muffins he bought from Gilda's eatery in Del Rey Beach. Oh, now the 85-year-old who lives west of Del Rey Beach is suing the little restaurant accusing the owners of making him sick because he said they lied about the muffins to contents. Bond is one of a growing number of angry patrons of Gilda's who learned from the Sun Sentinel that claims that the all muffins were fat free and sugar free weren't true. The Florida Attorney General's office, which holds businesses accountable for false and misleading advertising claims, set on Monday they're considering taking on the case. That's a clear misrepresentation something that doesn't just have a financial detrimental effect, but also a detrimental health effect said Cecil Dijkas, assistant deputy attorney general. The normal dozen Gilda's customers who contacted the Sun Sentinel following the initial story was a Bokad dietitian who regularly referred diabetic clients to Gilda's, a Bokad dietitian. As in, you know what that means? That means. Yes, dietitian. The muffins are a product called scoop and bake delivered to the business by commercial distributors. All the shop has to do is plop them in a pan and toss them in the oven. He, the owner, represented that he made in those ingredients and they were in live of them said attorney very freedman of Bokad retone who was representing Bon attorney very freedman. Oh, if you can't trust the person who actually baked it, who can you trust he asks, Al Paschman to run the Gilda's had no comment on the litigation, I wouldn't have eaten them if I knew there was sugar in him, Bon said. The lawsuit file last week in Palm Beach, your county surgeon, court and servant on Gilda's owners on Monday, asked for more than 15 grand to compensate Bon and his wife, Millie for damages. 15 grand. In other words, he's 85. I was going to say his health ought to be over a lot more than that. All these places pedaling phony crap and you know something, Abe at your age being diabetic who would seem to me, you should be taking your own blood sugar. So you know that those things were sent to your brothers blood sugar skyrocketing. So maybe you don't have a point. Okay. You got to take your life a little more in your own hands and I've just take somebody else's word for it. Okay, Abe. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Could you get from Moon with period please? Yeah. Okay. Could you get some new goddamn, uh, life? Not not a new one just an initial one would be good. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay. First time listening, I think you're totally terrific. Uh-huh. And listen, for those of us who were new listeners, could you clarify, you're making some references to Ricky Martin three or four in the last couple of hours? Like one. I just, uh, bailed references, uh, just don't know if I, they're not veiled up. What do you mean, Climber? I'm not sure if I will fail. Well, what do you mean by it? I've lost. That's the, that's, I mean, are you deaf dumb or blind sir? Uh, he's a screamer, okay? Well, I've lost, that was my opinion, but I've, uh, Oh, it's not an opinion. It's a fact. He floats like ivory soap. Well, they're not so pure. All right. Okay. Okay. I'd like to thank you terrific. And have a great life. I mean, an article by Jose and Lam beat. The rumors are swirling. All the debate. There's no debate Jose. Hey, Debake, the news to you. Okay. Yeah, that big debate goes on. Yeah. The master debate. 560, 150, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Could you get to a new material? Please, because I'm listening for hours a day, five days a week. And it's getting really stale. So are your calls, pal. Okay. You and your two little boyfriends that you're having circles, and you're working with right now. God, get a life. Please, before it's too late. Give him a date with Todd Drec. Then he'll find out what hell is all about. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, hi. I would like to, uh, Commission one of the most influenced people in the century. Yes, sir. Well, the role in work. I think your party was role in work. No, it was not Jewish by the way. Yeah. But the year the gaps to go and see. There's a one that was hiding the Jews during the war. Yes, sir. There's a Dutch. No, he's a, I'm not Dutch, no, I'm not a, What was he? What was he? He was the Swedish titulman. I'll switch this. Yes, and after the war, he'd be suffering was taken by the Russians. Yeah. And here's the day nobody knows what was his face. But the guy has the guts to do whatever he had to do. And he's the most important personal decision tree. I think so. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. Well, maybe he thought he was Jewish. His name is Wallenberg. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, he wore the slime. See, evidently, I don't have the same understanding of that. You know, the birth of the century had the greatest impact on the 21st century on the 20th, whatever the hell we were on was. I just, I may, you know what I'm saying? Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. You know the phone, guys. Okay. Thank you so much. Say how to Willie 7's two by the way. 560, 560, 560, a lot of serving is not there. Among these regular listeners who are listening for hours at eight, five days a week. And thank you so much for listening to 560 QAN. Especially when those boring sports shows are not. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. And you got assholes on parade today. Yes, we do. That's not for a baby. It's perpetual. It's never ending for me. I'm not going to talk about the most influential people. But I do have a problem that you mentioned today. And I thought I was the only one. You were talking, I know I, like, you, you probably don't be a real bad call. Am I? You were talking about the problem with the drain for your lives. Yeah. No stress. I just bought a house. And I'm going cycle here. Right. I bought a house in Miami. Unfortunately. But it's kind of just places to have an association. And they don't want to take any responsibility. I don't know who to call. I don't know what to do. If we guys know anything or anyone that I can call. To get these things taken care of. Get a lawyer. There's plenty of lawyers right in the L.A. pages. They're being glad to sue their ass for you. Dude, it's a nightmare. I just put up the L.A. pages to ambulance. So you'll find a lot of good guys. I spent, like, close to two grand. Right. The landscaping in the front of the house. Uh-huh. And two weeks later. It was nothing there because the water that just, it just rose so high. But it was washed it all the way. How do you like that? You know, and I thought the association, you know, it tell me is we've had that problem since we did this development. And uh, it's going to cost us so many thousands of dollars to speak. But we play a hundred bucks a month or hundreds from that was a month of maintenance. Yeah. And in, like, that's, sir, get you a good lawyer and sue their ass and good luck to you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Sounds like a bitter man. Okay, and I can't blame him. I can't blame him a little bit. You know what I'm saying? Just like those of us who live in the acres that had no storm source. Better, better, better, better pill to swallow. Not that anybody else seems to care. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problems. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system. Or, my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Plus, week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively famous and she was actually looking forward to doing it again. And was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger, we envision a time when it will become in place for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here. Stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly. And our employees can respond here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass. Okay, 150 to 5. 50 WQM. Handgoerberg at two today is going to be talking about old Cuban trolls. We got Jim Manich at six and then we got the Marlins at 930. Marlins at Arizona to play the diamond backs, raise your backs on your back, whatever it hell you are. No interest. Here's a lady in somewhere. Lady in Fort Latterdale. Let's go golf and let's go golf. Yeah, like I said, was not there when you put around, put it on hold was he? It. Yeah, let's go. Let's go a picker everyone. Okay, get your finger way up in there deep. Pal, see what you come up with. Like you were saying just before the old guy, I stopped calling once the cops started knocking on the door. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wildest line. It's amazing how these people lose all their courage. You know, they're anonymity behind a phone. Once a certain people start saying, come to crack. Here's Margate. Hello. So, Neo. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a name for your people who went to the Century. A name for your people? What you're talking about? The name is Mount Taiton. Yeah. You're going to go to the next Century by making China so powerful. Yeah. And there you go. Okay. Okay, go back. Okay. Do we read with Mount Taiton? 560, pound 560 on the WQAN. North Miami on the Speak with Nail. Okay. Let's go to North Miami. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. Most influential man, William Gage. He's on the list. Huh? I said he's on the list. He's got to be on the list, right? The bottom. What would computers be right now? He's right behind Madonna. If he had been a shop and stated Apple computer, where would we be today? So in other words, you don't like the other guy from Apple. Steve Jobs? Nah. And there's something he just... Right, Blanco. Tail of the Billion. Okay. Thank you, sir. Bill Gates. Can't stand him. Hate that little prick. 560. By the way, Bill. You're a hell of a guy. How about low notes? 2 or 3 million, huh? For, you know, just for another 40 or 50 years. What's wrong with that? By the way, I see in Reakage. Kind of $40 million of recording contracts. You see that? $40 million. Now, I think since he's such a big fan of this show, I think that the new Rogers retirement fund, 2 or 3 million out of that 40, I think that's a piece of cake. It's a small potato. I think he might come up with it. Come on, and we take turn at loose. And I'm on a two. Here's a North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I just wanted... You know, I heard you talking about the sugar hint sugar and food. Yes. And I was at a trade show and reminded me of something that thought you find really interesting. This radio was for the supplement industry. This guy has... One of the guys I met there has a product called set T5. You heard of it? No. It's amazing. It tastes a hundred times sweeter than sugar. It's taken from a dried flour. It's totally natural. Yeah. Okay. The FDA won't approve it in this country. Why not? You know, I guess because the guys who make no trace sweeten and cut and the other crud, whatever that stuff is, you know, are blocking them. But he says that he can sell it as a supplement. But he can't sell it in any kind of a food product. So basically the people are taking it, opening up the capsule and you know, spreading it in your property. Properly and on, yeah. Yeah. What is it called? It's a Piva. I just don't know. I know because I know you're very knowledgeable of the subject maybe for more about it. I never heard of it. I mean, it was amazing. It did really taste it sweet. Okay. So I'm going to tell you one thing, people who are in the business of selling sugar, and products that, you know, allegedly are sugar free to die of better, those people should be in jail. Absolutely. They might even get tempted murder. Exactly. They did it to my father once added Jim, believe it or not. Nice. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't know about this story that's in the paper. I'm not referring to them because I don't know the words in a wife, or is it what's really going on there. But anybody that's selling stuff that's killing die of better, so anybody else, especially saw those carbohydrates loaded stuff and claiming it's so for die of that to me is so outrageous and so unbelievable. And so unacceptable. But again, your government is busy. I don't know what they're doing. Yeah. They're busy looking together where they got more important fish to fry. They're more important for their worried about something I cursing in the standard Michigan. They're worried about that. Public morality. That's what they're worried about. Here's Pembroke Pine. Tell them. Thank you. A couple of things. First of all, in report, your list. Let's see. What number is he on? Here he's number 10. That's pretty good. Right behind Ronald Reagan, by the way. What does that say? Wow. That's scary. The other thing is a couple of things you're talking about the trends and why you're whether stations them. Yeah. The answer is Marlins. I mean, Marlins baseball. Well, the Marlins are not between six and the morning and like six and night. So I think that's a myth now. It was arbitrary trying. It's got nothing to do with anything. Our audience is just as gigantic as everyone. And the last thing. Harbour trying again. They don't know her ass from my elbow. That's true. The last thing is I know you read the dear believer. I want to get that website so I can get the information. www.ffrf.org. FF RF. Right. How did it wrong? Thanks. Watch out for the old FF. 567.05. That's a future farmer's of 567.0560. Pound 5. Well, that's what the, you know, all those dumb glam think. Oh, the future farmer's America. The old FFA. Yeah. We got your old FF right over here. Okay, pal. Oh, you got a question. Oh, you got a question. I want to do number two because it's got 17 question marks on it. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Look at what is it. Okay, that list you're talking about. Who was the top-pave again? The top-five. Mm-hmm. And the voting has a right this moment. Uh, the second. Elvis Presley. It's clocked Rubin. Eight-all-fit-ler Albert Einstein. And John Paul II. I love Papa. Okay. I've got three people to add to that list. Where they might be right. The man with a dressing of being, yes. Okay. Where is Randy West? Rock. Okay. 560560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Randy West. I mean, here's the guy that's number one a jackball call number two. Don't even have good taste. Randy West? Uh-huh. And just Christ, I wouldn't do him with your hand. Or lips. 560560. 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Get some taste pal. Mom, sure he will. Here's a candle. Hello. You said you want to do Randy West because it can leave the bad taste in your mouth. Yes, sir. What was your take on what happened this weekend at the INF at take Chrome? Did you read about that? No, I did not. Oh, yeah. I don't read that crap. There are 17 Cubans reported. Yeah, there were revolting. No, no, no, no. We're revolting. We have a lot more than 17. You've holding Cubans in this town. Most of them hold public office in date County by the way. No, they were jumping them around to different jails. And they took them by a Chrome and they decided to start masturbating and throw human feces and stuff like that to your official. Oh, that's good. Yeah. Maybe they saw silence at the lands one time. Oh, okay. Thanks for the good news. It's better than throwing your mouse pad. I'll tell you that. All you Yankee fans out there. Cut the crap. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's my any. Hello. Maybe they're circulating those pictures of Jodie Foster again. Yes, sir. Number one. I influential person. Number one best seller. Number one movie. Howard Stern. Uh, okay. Great. And your life. No doubt. No question about you can tell by the sound of your voice. Here's your field. Yes, sir. When it started. And back to you. Hey, I can't believe nobody's mentioned this, but it's very obvious that two most important people of century. It's going to be the water not see. Thank you. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT all the laminar comedians now back. They're back. They got a lot of time on their hands. They got something on their hands anyway. I think that guy was just talking about it. 560. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. The town with no material boys and girls ladies and gentlemen, a town that is a vacuum, 4 million people and it's a vacuum has been for the last hundred years and always will be no matter what's going on. It could be dropping nuclear weapons. I've got them cut my ridge. And these people are still doing their stuff. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, that too. Here's Miami. Hello. Any other stuff like the lightning around here? Almost. What do you want when you got no material? I have nothing to talk about. I mentioned the thing on the CBS news about the acting. They got nothing to say about that. I bought the riddle and thing. They got nothing to say about that. I bought the guidance. We ought to have the solicitation police. All the other stuff. They got no ideas. No thoughts about any of these things. All they know is that Spike Lee was the most important person of our century. This is tough, Florida. Oh my god. The far out of bunch of vacuum brains. Far gets this two to the end for one of your people I think in the century. I want to tell you, you gotta get over the New York prime. The other's the best day, Calv. One the best in the world. I'm not going all the way up the boat for Calv. I'm not going to go on the boat. You talk about roots Chris like it's got. If you didn't hear time, you're going to go back to roots Chris. Sir, I wouldn't go to a boat if they paid me. I'm telling you you're missing a meal. You're not going to forget. If you have a minute to dinner, they're going to tell you the best day. I had a couple of calls when we did that show. I was saying it was great. One call said it was enough. Well, they don't know because it's. I'm very happy with roots Chris. I have no problem with their steak. I haven't steak last night. I've ever had my life. I'm not sure if the fact they need an office or a couple of capo chinoray. Which I thought was really chinty on their part. I was really pissed off. I'm not against it either. It's just one two and three. You're going to put that on. Sir, let me say how many times do I have to say if you I live in plantation. It's long enough for me. It takes me a half an hour to get to roots Chris of torture was driving out. I'm sure it's on. I'm slipping all the way to bulk it and get a meal. I guess you'll go more court. No sign. Anyway, the two most influential people are peeping and half from home. Okay, great. See, every time. Another is another jackass. Another idiot. And I'm going to slump up the bokeh for a goddamn steak. I'm going to tell you something. So many of you, including this guy, your taste is deep inside your neck. That's the room around town. Just ask my good friend. Bro, okay. Maybe that's what he's probing for with that instrument. He took out a here on Friday. It still hasn't brought back. I still don't understand that only in this radio station could something like that go on. Or somebody comes barging in here like we all have something like we all have a Williams cigar that we have a very limited number of them in here from our good friend. Next because they, you know, are tight. Oh, seriously. What is that all about that that we owe him something for all the stress and Greek he gave us, try to get his buddy. Oh, Jay, Howard on this radio station. So we owe him something. And the fact that oh, by the just on on me. Oh, Jay was on that. Willy Sims thing this morning on MBM. So he must be in town again. Look it around. So maybe that's where that big like builder was. Yeah, ever since. Bro, got a hold of it. We'll just take a pull up. That'll be the pull question. Who's that? Who's it in? Yeah. I mean, I know they were but buddies but Jesus Christ talking about literally one 26 at five 60 Q a nq. Thank you. I made it to the bottom of your car. And now I'm made to. And now I'm made to. There's no hot evil I want to watch the reason. They say we're here. I will see. We're not back. We're not back. We're cool. But you make us see you. Yeah, you make us see. Yeah, you make us see you. Like we did through. And like a swimming in. Oh. So I'm 40 80 seconds. Like a set of onions. When you're far from the sun. Yeah. You're just a little bit. Like a swimming in. Boom. Okay. If you're here visiting from out of town. All we want to know is. One 32 at 5 60 WQM hand golbers in the building. He'll be here to a clock. We got you managed. Coming along at six. Coming along at six. Like I said. Yeah. And then Marlon baseball in 1993. Marlon's at on the west coast. And with her smoking baby. They lost another one last night. Three out of 40 Yankees. So that's seven game. When you speak it was like. Yeah. We're talking about five. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Our poll today the most incipant person of the 20th century. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. For the literary set. Gov.Daw. Yeah. And for music. And 200 years from now, he looks to go down. And his the myzard of our century. Yeah. The best. The. The Schwarzscher of our century. Okay. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Well, he's sure did the best drugs, baby. Oh! Okay, that's gonna be our poll question tomorrow. Who did the best drugs was it? What's your name? Can you even think of her name right now? That diet at the age of 28. With an awful voice. I can't believe I can't think of the shop. Janice, Janice, drop one. I have a mental block on Janice, drop one. You also have a full stomach. Oh, that brings it back, yeah. Janice, drop one on Jimmy Henry's or the best booze, Jim Morrison. I think he drank like French wines. Fine wines, that's why he disappeared in France. They'd be very, very mobile. So maybe that's that bad smell over there. Here's a mobile in Delrey, hello. Yeah, a little Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I would say it would be counter-fett if there were any in the list. Where's he in the list? He has a number 20. Right behind Princess Diana, how do you like that? It's unbelievable. Hey, but I want to touch your credit, but you want to leave. Have your ass and I'll eat at the other hot for the left after your bag. Okay, thanks. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's my meleic, silo. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. Good. I wanted to put in my suggestion for the list. Oh, are we going to be doing this all summer long? I was only joking. Go ahead, sir. So I guess it's better nothing. But I just had to do some adjustments, and Janet Shopler. Yes, did you know number one, did you know, he dated Bill Bennett in college? Bill Bennett? Do you mean the right wing, banana, or lunatic, what's wrong with everybody else? And I'm so good. He too, she's Bill Bennett. And in high school, guess who the two she was in high school with? Jimmy, Jimmy's job friend. Jimmy's Johnson? Jimmy's job. Yeah, not possible. Yes. It is. He wouldn't have said yes. OK. And in terms of the list, I think that's worth it. And we've had a report on the list. Henry Ford is up there. He's number 10. OK, love to deal. He's right behind Ronald Reagan. OK, love you. And right ahead of John Lennon, he sandwiched in between two much to do about nothings. 560, 50560, on the AT&T wireless, whatever it is. Here's mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Jimmy, where did you came up with it? Where? I've actually got a couple of really good nominees for the rest. But he came up with it. The readers of Time Magazine, all these pseudo-one lectures, where they're little personal companies. It's emphasis on pseudo. No, how pseudo can they be when Elvis is number one, sir? I think pseudo-humanism might be the term form. See, with, well, Bill and Lover, right? Yeah. OK, that's all. 560, 7-0. I listen, if that's all you got, is some stupid name you want to blur it out. Save it for a rainy day. OK, it's not raining right now. I don't think you know we don't have a window. Save it. It is so terminal, so pond-wish, and it's putting me into a coma. Coma. Deep, deep, long sleep. I'm going to change my name to rip and winkle with this crap, OK? Oh, Jesus. Time Magazine should only die. The editors of Time Magazine should have a gigantic popping a roi right now from this. It was great to kill four hours yesterday, even though it got real pond-wish, especially because of the really bad choices. And then we get today that very articulate lady up there and four peers, which, Spikely, see, she said, may back. The young 18 year old lady from Hailea, that was a breath of fresh air. That was great. But that bitch, the one up there in the Fort Myers, whatever, whatever, whatever, I have some Fort, Fort Dix, God Almighty. What a pile of crisp, Spike. And she was serious. That's the best part, OK? Love these bows, those, they think this is their opportunity to be like that half from homestead. Who should only pop one through, OK? You idiot. But good, God Almighty, Spikely, and, uh, well, I don't know. And, uh, Stephen Spielberg, she's this Christ. Talk about brains that have just vanished, that have disappeared. And you don't believe in evolution? Just look inside between the ears of your average American out there. There ain't nothing in there. Even in raguos spaghetti sauce, it's in there. But not in between your ears. It's a vacuum. Here's Miami, hello. Even a Hoover people never invented a vacuum like this, yes sir. And, yeah, I'm going to Toronto this weekend. I'm just like to know your feedback on exactly what things I should be seeing or point of view of interest. Point of view of interest. They got a great Tim Hortons on Young Street. Yeah. Yeah. Any delicacies that I should be looking for? Any delicacies? Yeah. Food like what? Like smoked meat? Whatever. Yeah. Check out the smoked meat. Yeah. All right. What are you going there for? Well, taking my kids up to Niagara Falls and then we'll drive you up to Toronto for that weekend. Yeah. Are you going there for a reason? Are you just going there to get away from here? Which is always a good room. You got it. Okay. Have a good time. You only love it. There you go. There's an honest guy. You're not here. Oh, God bless you, sir. I can't say that I blame you. Oh, if you don't like it here, yeah. Well, out your ass. I'm not going anywhere. Okay. I'm staying here. Just enough to keep those paychecks coming. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Well, and don't forget to burn your king up there like right close to the Sutton Place. You know, on Young Street. And then, of course, there's the great subway stop on a corner of Blurin Young where you can go north and south and east and west and never the train shall meet. I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. Just have a great time. Just walk outside and see all the living and breathing people. Go to the hockey hall of Fame and drop your kids up there because you'll hate it. It's her kids. It's a place for kids. It's a place for people that just, you know, over the age of three, you won't like it too much. 22 before two at 5, 60, WQM, you're a biggest pile of forcecraft. I have ever seen in my freaking fracking life. Yes. I'm breathing a Hawaii neighbor. Just like one guy just knows. Where the longs were trimmed and cars and ran towards me. So very long ago. I'm dreaming of a Hawaii neighbor. All right. With every force you'll sign I would ride. Yeah. There you're, there you'll be very. And ride. And may I be old. You are. You are. What a lovely fun. 142 at 560 WQM. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Neil God. Yes sir. The greatest living American in the century. Bugsy Seagull. It wasn't the end. It'd be Mila's Vegas. They didn't even give him a monument. There was no charge for that. Our statue. Okay. Thanks for the good news sir. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach, hello. The lady here about that news show that they do on UCN last night called Powerplay. It's a hockey show. Yeah, somebody. Not very. Yeah. Oh, don't you hear me, is that it last night? I don't think he's going to be a regular. He plays the flyers coach, the pseudo flyers. Yeah. It was very good. Well, we had a young lady called before was a hockey fan. She said it was a margarlet. Oh, really? Yeah. I kind of like that. Yeah. For a one hour show. I don't really watch too many one hour shows. But I thought it was pretty good. 560, we got the two and that goes to show you about the men in this town. The only hockey calls we used to get that Debbie from the mobile and then we had watched her and it did the song, Joel in and then we got two women today called about hockey. Those are the only hockey fans we got. The men in this town of Rotola, Charlotte, the arena. Yeah. That's what they know about hockey, okay. Their idea for real sport is to go out there in the screen with the Yankee fans or the Jet fans at the Dolphin game. That's their idea for real sport. Just unbelievable. 670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Thank God for at least one real man in this town. Mean in the... Damn God! Me, of course. Because like Managed said the real man on a hockey fan, the hockey players, the fans of people really know what inside and out. Like George's best personal friend, Rimmer. Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello. There you go. Yes, they're speaking. Exciting topics of lifts. I'd like to add my dog done showing. It's getting kind of ponderous. I think that's the worst. Exactly. I got to see a very nice gentleman who actually used his turn signals yesterday and is a beautiful purple corvette. I was again the red Jeep. I gave you big thumbs up after work. Yes, sir. Just wanna call a couple people, do you fact? Right. John Parker, your A, Zerox make a douchebag. Okay, I'll see you on 441, pal. You bet you see. There you go. One of my listeners out there gave me the big guy. I thought it was a thumb anyway. 560, 50560, on the 18th, 129 there you go. There's a check from John Bears for tipteners in there. They George, I think we can bail out of this joint. There it is. I knew it. I can recognize buddy envelope. It's that million dollars for me. They got these on the hill. What is it? I got some mail for salmon here. What is it? Free ticket. It's those summer group. Nothing good. That's a crap. Yeah, Sam was in here wandering around. Like he does all day wandering around. You know, pretending to be doing something. I said, what are you worrying about? You're one of the untouchables. You're like on the inside. It's all Sam's mail lady brought you. Well, Carlos is under a lot of pressure. Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes. You are the man, Neil. Did you read in the hairl today? And I don't read them all like that. But I do. About the Supreme Court allowing the casino advertise. Broadcast advertising of casino gambling and long overdue. I mean, what kind of crap is that? The newspapers which aren't regulated by any other government agency. They can put all the ads in they want. But broadcasters can't. What kind of crap was that? And finally they said, that's the comment as much a crap in the can't keep doing that. And did you know that? Of course, it's not going to have anything to do with us because we don't have it because you know, it's here in the first place. So what does that have to do with us? And never real, by the way. Right. Did you see all the news on the Indian reservations? All those thousands of people gone to see the gambling and. Right. But it's it'll. 13,000 people are last night. They were packed. They were jammed. They're jamming in there. Casino type shows going on. Yeah. But it'll never work here. You don't want to know. No, it's not a question of whether it'll work. It's a question of whether they will permit it in the answer is no. No, no, no. Because we live in a goddamn. I don't know. Out of those Christians can. That's right. Those good holy rolling Christians were playing bingo with church right now. I'll tell you something. Yesterday I was on this came Bolivar. Yeah. Going down to 117. There was a huge accident. Police have you turn right and go down the street. They had thousands of people going down the. They're burning traffic down the street. You get to the end of the street. It's a cold effect. Turn around. You come back the other way. Completely waste the time. Nice. That's North Miami police. Jerry, you're going. Nice going North Miami Parker. Beautiful job. No, thanks. That's a good news. Okay. Five six. Like I said, there's no point in the thing about the gambling. It's not going to happen here. Okay. Just give it a rest. Forget it. You know that. I go over to stand more time. It's house. And stuff about your envelopes. Putting old propaganda in there. Like he's trying to, you know, preaching to the choir. Not going to happen. Oh, by the way, here's a biolamo. Look at that. What a great picture of Enrique on there. It's got to get that mole off. You know, it's just got to remove that thing. A bit telling you that for years. I'll buy it off. No, he's just got to get rid of that thing. It just grow task. It's getting bigger and bigger and bigger. That's why he's got that look on his push. Biolamo. It's big all over the world. By the way, he's digging sweet knees. Dig in Denmark. Almost places where they have the sex change operation. He's very big. Enrique. He's I'm telling he's gigantic. Come on. Come on. Oh, listen to that. This is there at the different virgin. Inspired by the most constituent. Wow, wow, wow. It's definitely a good time. Inspired by the way. It's a great go for your writing. What kind of doctor? People will set them in wine. No, say. Orange shoes. That's for his wife. I think he's w- You know, man, he's sweet. Yeah. I think my long previous thing, you know. Okay, let's get with it. Okay, let's get with it. Let's take fun. So next world. That's right. And Rikki, stick to the Spanish and Italian. That's my best advice. Okay, I love you and Rikki. But stick to me. I know we all got to do that Rikki Martin thing and put on the big English, you know. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound. When he starts singing in English, it just sends me. It sends me the wall to like, you know, to a number like. That number. Love you and Rikki. But, you know, just a little something wrong with that accent. It's 149 at 5.60 WQA in.