This is actually the Tighey F хорошian We are now in Small All-Notic 0560 T Daily camera What is a buffalo pill? He's got a little bomb And so good here's the woody I collect you chancho Here's the one And you're so much you then make runny Still with us And woody share it With Jesus and the Saints Those high fives and yes Yes, party is great Yeah, yeah, party is good And yes, yeah, yeah, yeah What is got mobs and a bus So can't hide my smart bus Oh, right Can't hide on your back of the bus Just in and loads of kids and so on On a grey house of two lones To get some better kid home grow So I'll throw down next to a co Most of the things I've marinated on it's own No fun and having this your own Ten minutes will tell me, 10 out to a five sixty wqa I'm so anyway Let me just start with the good news That finally in this usual way Way ahead of my time I mean a million year How many months ago did we have the thing From Avacrabian bitch But I brought in the catalog After reading the Jeff Poppill which in the UN Herocunes That's what made it a big story Not the fact that one of the guys was real hunk Okay, and the brother ass From the neck down I'll tell you what you're okay Doug From the neck down from the chin up It looks like you play a mean chin balls But I can say about Doug Poppill bitch And by the way Okay In blow With a son centenil in their lifestyle section Today If you've been wondering all this stuff about Jeff and Doug Poppill Bitch, Jeff who plays football for you Wem by the way And is a very manly guy There is their picture There's that Avacrabian bitch You have picture right there And a front page of the lifestyle section In this morning's son centenil muscle models And then there's a picture below And which I think you started to get the idea That the Doug from the neck up Like I said plays a mean chin ball But that's about it But nevertheless good guys And we had that on months And months ago that we had that available for all this good information And people were writing if they ever found out about the rich catalogs Well now you don't have to write in the or go out and buy it Because there is the picture that you were looking for Are you fact I mean all you ladies out there There is the picture you want Jeff and Doug swinging from the old rope Doing the old swing from the rope routine Like Tarzan and Ed And yes watch Jeff Just like it's the same picture Nick it is a jabber to except he's got those pantalini's on The come up to about the middle of his back bone That's about it About time he's macho guys They're showing their true colors You know I'm talking about I think you do Before we give you an update on a set or one debacle Such as it is And I'm going to try to keep you posted every minute of every day If I can find anything out Before we do that let me just say this Mike Mayo Michael Mayo Remember Mike Mayo who didn't apologize to a Dave Halberstand Uh-huh For suggesting that he could end the light to us on the year last year Right, liar liar your pants run fire But finally it goes to show you if you're throwing up stuff up in here Sooner or later so it'll come down and stick to the ground Mike Mayo actually writes a very very Accurate column this morning Match up proves utterly boring See let me just explain something to you There are sports fans like me I'm a sports fan having all my life less that now than I used to be Because they've watered it down so badly And they are with all the expansion and dilution that the excitement level is Not nearly what it used to be I mean anybody like me who's got the small dishes So the Patriots Browns game on Sunday I mean that was an embarrassing humiliating This graceful game I mean just and our so are most of them So all this who plough all this song today It's all this big you know See the sports nerds they don't know the difference They can't tell you anything They have no clue what's really going on And so they get whipped up in the hype in the hoopla Oh we could be special That's what the JJJ says the extra j by the way stands for jail bird I'm going to use three j's for Jimmy now jail bird Johnson He never met a jail bird he didn't like We could be something yeah you're something alright Can I sum it up in one word what you are Jimmy and your whole organization your team? Clap that's the word Clap How come nobody who calls in and none of them may be Jim I'm just a fag you know I'm the one that always puts down the sports nerds and rightfully so They don't know what they're talking about how come all these experts 20 hours of the organization talking crap Who did they beat? They beat Denver and their first game who by the way haven't won a game all year They're all in four and in a second game just like I told you they squished by One of the worst teams in the history of professional football Arizona I mean just the Cardinals are so bad it's embarrassing Just pathetic Even with Jake the snake there are joke And you knew that because they just barely squeaked by with late field goal in the first weekend of the season to be the lowly pathetic minor league to little offy eagles Anybody knew that but all every year it's the same story in this town with these golf hands or talking to football Not at any way a couple of games the right away all of a sudden they come back there with we could be really really crappy I think it's just like the knees pop answered. Let's use that word. We could be really really Cheedy is I think the word you know like alley shee-dee however you're proud of it. How did she spell her name? SH-E-E-T how you spell it something like that that's what they looked like to me and And then they're all calling in and they're all like trying to find excuses and O Cecil a decil yeah That was good less than three yards of carry last night my grandma could carry the ball better than Cecil the decil okay Same old stuff no running game there's no there's no offense there's nothing You try to tell me that our national football a game is exciting when you watch the teams you know Desperately first down another first down maybe another one and then uh Sputter out sputter out sputter out sputter out sputter out the field goal. Another field goal I mean I went to bed before that game was over and thank God for that I Watch the match reds game parts of that. Oh terminal terminal Column inducing But you know something I gotta say one thing for the Cincinnati fans They didn't know for sure until the night before because the game was delayed by rain on Sunday seven hour Randaly and they beat Milwaukee seven a one that I before to get to ensure that they were in the playoff for the wild card in the national league with the mess So they had a sellout all the tickets yesterday there was none of this all I didn't know we only had five days. It was a short week likely here in this town when it can't sell out of dolphin game 54,000 plus air-league seat and Riverfront was sold out last night They had just the matter of hours You know from whenever they open up seven o'clock yesterday morning. I'm assuming or whenever they open up the goddamn gates and Cincinnati They have just a matter of hours to sell that game out playoff game and they did every single seat How do you like that you think that would happen here? No no In a million years no That's why I like I keep telling you when you listen to these sports crap. It's not sports rap. It sports rap that goes on at a station You listen to you know you watch the event yourself and you listen to these people and you wonder what what are they watching? What kind of drugs are they doing? How come they're not sharing it with us? What are they thinking about? This was a game last night. This was excitement. This was the worst Swill And all I could think about while I'm sitting there in the comfort of my living room channel surfing watching back to leaf game nice going early I'll cool you I'm watching some of that. I'm watching a mitts annihilate the reds and I'm watching this crap And I'm thinking of myself, thank God It's not me sitting there like a sucker like I used to want to 50 yard line With the rain pouring down. I'm thinking of fat rich is sitting there with a punch-o-on Even a Cisco kid never saw punchers like they got there with that goddamn ballgame because he heard these crazy people Sitting out there getting pneumonia to watch a performance pants through the nose 30 hours to park That just a question of losing. This is why I stopped going Because the quality of the product sucks It blows and the charged people that kind of money and even when you get the tickets for free Even when you get the parking for free To put up with the elements and to put up with the drugs to put up with a credit the bullcrath that goes on Forget it. I'll stay home and pick and choose and watch as much as I can stomach on TV and that's enough for me So I hope you had a good time our last night Embarrassing we could be really special Maybe we could get a good shrink for a jailbird Johnson. You think so get him straight now a little bit Just say some stands for nothing. Do you retire of those annoying stains on your driveway Like oil Rust and even blood I'm old Jason And all you got to do is give us a call here at the water Matthew thing removal service We have a check one call. I'll send my personal friend the water and that pays your home to remove things from the flow of your driveway with a personal Squad man And oh James water and that's his thing removal service no job as do small we killed your goodness Not to mention number payable for bar misfit tournaments and charity 15 at five 60 WQM here's a lady in sunny aisle. Hello. Yes, man good morning Good morning This is Mrs. To be all a guitar. Oh, it's a crazy lady. Okay. Yeah, don't call us. Okay. We'll call you We saw her by the way Saturday at this specs and fact I forgot about that I mentioned that was the only negative of the whole day. This is a sort of viable person I should have known as soon as I saw we had a lady like right out of the box I haven't even said hello yet and I saw lady on there. I should have known that it was not somebody anybody in their right mind We want to speak to but nevertheless So anyway, yeah, clear. It's in both the business sections in both papers today and of course the sunset And we'll be just a little bit more accurate than the Hurley gutter right about clear channel is buying AM FM corporation for 16.6 billion dollars As clear channel eventually belong every radio station in America because that's the way the FCC likes it Monopoly is bad for everybody in the business bad for the audience, but good for clear channel and their stockholders Now the Hurley does got a right cuz EDR is owned by AMFM But as we had reported to hear weeks ago on a show AMFM spun that off to an exchange for KFI to Cox broadcasting our former bosses But the Hurley courses usual the Hurley just can't get stuff right, you know Yesterday they had a little piece even in the kid section they had a piece of about 98 degrees But it said a 98 degrees it had 980 980 0 instead of 98 degrees the rock group. I mean it did just and then they had a picture the stories about 98 degrees But the picture was a picture of the backseat boys. I mean you guys at the hero do you know anything over there is there anything you can say Me size That oh Yeah, the deal amounts Monday gives clear channel some of the hottest stations on the dial recruiting South Florida's WEDR Oh No, because WEDR's already been spun off to a Cox for KFI but nevertheless It's any real life. It's just not picking but there you are again if you know what's if it's in the Harald don't ever believe it no matter what it is if it's said it's gonna if it's gonna If it's gonna rain somewhere in the world today still all believe it make sure you look out the window Oh, they beautiful So anyway getting back to the center one thing Let me give you a little bit of history, okay, and we're very continue to be mortified suicidal Psychotic embarrassed to melyated, but you know something you can only do so much Before I get into that let me just ask you a hypothetical question Now everybody who listened to this radio station members when Hank Goldberg was suspended, which of course the whole thing was absolutely ridiculous For complaining about that crap food at that ballpark I Three weeks and of course not only were there memos about it for more time tool. I wasn't working here then But it was in the newspapers was all over a TV Michael Putney to the show on it had Hank on the year It was like a big news story When Joe Rose got suspended for however long it was a couple of days because he bitched out the program director made him cry I mean that we got a memo about it. We had it on the year it was in the newspapers It was a story now. Let me just give you a hypothetical Suppose somebody in Greg reads inner circle One of those untouchables and always talking about those four or five people suppose he was put in a position where he just Absolutely couldn't he had no suspend one of those people you think we be able to put it on the year. Oh no Wouldn't that be kind of embarrassing? I mean, wouldn't it be a separate set of standards? Uh-huh that you know the the high paid people that bring in the audience they get suspended and they're subjected to ridicule and that whatever else And one of the underlings. I'm just again hypothetically if they ever got suspended I bet you we would be able to put it on the air. Oh, no. I think you're right I find that very peculiar But again, it's like everything else here. We have a separate set of rules one set of rules for all the rest of it like like I told you before like a kindergarten Like a grade school like a little tiny sandbox with peils and shovels Because that's the way it works here No matter how much of a prone a matter how much of an adult a matter what you accomplish what you bring in here It makes no difference because unless you're part of the inner circle you got tourists, baby. You got real problems Which is why yesterday? I guarantee if I would have had a gun Let me just give all you people out there a little piece of advice do not have a weapon do not have a gun Because when you get to feeling like I did yesterday around the 245 when I got home if I would have had a gun I would have won my brains out. That's a god-din-tooth Just to release the pressure Give her that pressure in your head so bad that you felt like oh if I could just get a hole in the head like the one that Greg's got If I could just open up a hole in my head and let the pressure pressure out. Oh God, I feel so much better now. That's how I felt And again all this embarrassment with center one with these CDs and all this mess that's going on It's not you know, it's a directly spot stability of the ineptitude of this radio station because that's how it really works All those many many years before we came had the misfortune to come over here all those many years that we put out the best of Neil for center one and for Alchemist now the charity The radio station promotion department naturally handled all the details of getting the artwork done of getting the CDs pressed of getting all the actual hard stuff put together so that we would have it when we went out and get it in all the stores Remember they were gonna distribute it Because that's the way it works in a real radio station a the radio station puts up the front money the key expenses to get these things done Which they did every year at Wild because that was a real you know undercocks and underpacks in Both packs in a were never never bad at an eyelash no problem at all. They were happy to do it Couldn't the fell over their feet they were so and I'm not exaggerating not being sarcastic. They were happy to do it Put up their front money had their promotion department handle your VD tail the only thing we did was pick which cuts We're gonna go on a CD in a cassette and then I would get you know make a master give it to George He would you know type up all the information for the label and then pass it on to the promotion department and they would make sure that it got done professionally Now that's the way it's done in a real radio station Here we came to WQM now you recall that we missed the year for center one while I was in limbo and packs and paid me off not to work for some months and Why did we miss the year that we didn't raise any money for center one in 97 Got a beep Yeah, but a beep out of book and the real reason being that they didn't want me We would try found out beyond a shadow over that They were afraid that they were gonna have to put up the front money to print those CDs before the money came in before because obviously They're very few businesses out there. They're gonna print all this stuff up and you know press all these CDs without some front money And set a one-be in a charity that operates very close to the best since it's not one of those you know where they have a lot of money laying around for fat cat bureaucrats None of the money goes for that crack Is not in a position to be putting out thousands of dollars to do these things at the beginning So that's why we missed the entire year of 97 I mean, I was very embarrassing and very frustrating even after we had been promised that oh, yes, they were very anxious to do with the idea and then the excuse One of the excuses that was made was well that was the first year that this station was carrying the dolphins And that they had to prepare the whole dolphin network and for the dolphin and of course you'll recall that that was the year that they had so much trouble getting the dolphin post game shows on the year In fact, a couple never did yet on the year. Remember that yeah, but he remembers it. He was like I was also ready to blow his brains out. I'll recall that very vividly because they couldn't get to post games show on the air So then we come to WQAM And last year with plenty of advance warning There's the station put up the front money to get the CDs pressed in the beginning. No, no No, Neil has to write his check which which quite frankly. I mean I don't mind because I write that same check for the same amount every year and I have for many many years Okay for several thousand dollars, but it just it just rubs you the wrong way the idea that you have to put up the front money because this multi million dollar corporation That fainches itself is a real broadcasting company. This company is too god they and cheap to put up the front money Because we got to give too much money to John Henry and Wayne And so Neil had to put up the front money last year to get those CDs pressed did the promotions department get involved in No, those things that I just described. No, no No, not in any way Shape or form manner at all none zero as in totally If he do the zippity a How do you like that? Not at all so it was left to George this became another dimension of George's job How all of a sudden it's up to George and like I've been telling you it's like we're operating in a vacuum It's like all of these other people were running around this place and believe me There's a zinitum all those people are here for the Neil Rogers show those people are here for the sports shows now you got it Now you understand those people are here to give any assistance to that show from ten and two That's a constant irritant to us and a source of pain in the ass even though it's got those gigantic ratings And bringing it all those millions of dollars in profit so that we can afford to put on these goddamn ball games all the time No, these people are here to assist the other shows Not the Neil Rogers show That fancy fancy studio that they got in there for the morning show and Hank show and for red capa That's not for the Neil Rogers show. That's for those guys. That's a sports thing. That's important That makefully Phantom studio that Neil has got well like there a turnyset for this company Hey, if he's got to do a show out of a phone booth too bad. We're paying him a lot of money. That's the comment. Oh, right. That's the commitment that's been made So to make a long story short, we had a record break in your last year for center one. We raised over $150,000 Thanks to borders and thanks to you know a lot of you people out there And thanks to the fact that George did a lot of good work and we got together with some people who you know They're a good job for us put in out of quality product look good. They sounded good everything was great no problems Now we come to this year And we've only known now for a long long time. I mean we do the server You're pretty much at the same time. We used to be these in November December January We moved it to October through December because you know after December after the end of the new year Interest used to kind of tail on after the holiday So we thought that this way doing it the last three months of the year would be able to raise more money last year It turned out that was the case because at the holiday time it was a real great. It's a great gift thing, you know And it worked just exactly like we thought like a charm So once again this year We come to a situation was the station going to put up the front money. Oh no again We're talking a few thousand dollars Absolute refusely will not put up the front money to put these this or to do anything Percent or one they like getting their name on the CD, you know, it's right there right there's a little station logo right on the front They like it in some of the credit Even though they don't lift a finger for while and I take that back. We did see the golf term. I'm sorry about that I won't tell you which finger they listed. I think it was on both hands by the way I think it was that middle digit on both hands that they listed that great celebrity golf term I want to do something special for you We want to give you some special assistance. So there you go. Here's this golf term Let's see if you can withstand the embarrassment without committing suicide And by the way, Dr. Drilling that you told me was gonna stop about 25 minutes ago It's still going on. I just I just mentioned that in passing not looking to start trouble again today because we had enough of that yesterday But the drilling is going on again now. I was here from a quarter nine this morning Until this moment from a quarter nine until five minutes to ten was there any drilling? No, was there any kind of construction going on that was audible? Oh, is there any noise? No, no And now that we're on the year in this studio doing a radio show it Like that Right under my rectum. How do you like that? But that should be our biggest problem. You know what I'm saying? 26 past 10 at five 60 WQM to be continued. I'll continue with the ongoing saga of the center one fundraiser in our CDs and the ineptitude and the incompetence and our brilliant promotion department in a moment This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger God oh Kid You didn't see a badass the total pain. The family was in the loop. He's his mother and he's his mother and he's his mother. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Okay. Jones, I'll be a bunch. That you think of K. No. He was just that of a bit of a statement. It was really less fun. Well, that was just a forestool. I mean, he can't taste it. He'd cry. He wants to put that in there, Mal. 133-560 WMM, Drillem's getting off the loud right now. And I thought they only had a couple more holes to drill before they finished with that thing on there is what I was told. Huh? Wow. They're going to come to the guy named Florini's second score, Squirt's Squirt. Man. I don't know if that goes on here or not, but if I could tell you, it's like somebody was, if somebody had a pneumatic drill about three inches inside your recto, you might enjoy it, actually. So anyway, getting back to our story, because obviously this is going to go on a great length. I was lied to again. I don't want to say that our program director's life because then he'll start breaking out and tears again. But I mean, it's too loud. It's just unacceptable at this point. Okay? Who just played music? What does this mean? Like I said, from eight, from eight, twenty, five until nine, fifty, five, there was never a peak, even little bow, not a peak. And now all of a sudden there, it's like they put into another gear. It's like, oh, we're going to show that bag of things. I just, ah, ah, ah, and it just, like they got to write under the studio. Like, right under the, uh, God, then door here. Give it a freaking rest. They had yesterday from two. Hanked it a show as I told you, out from the ballpark. So from two o'clock, you'll after midnight, they had to do all the hockey and knocking and drilling. And, uh, all the noise, no problem at all. There wasn't one show out of this building after two o'clock yesterday, after no until Eddie came on or whoever way after the game and a post game, and everybody was asleep. No, let's do it in the middle of the day right under the fat bag studio. Okay, to show him a thing or two because we don't like his goddamn attitude. Crazy people. Stop holding up the construction way. Oh, that's right. Hey, listen, I'm doing a favor. The slower the construction, the less they're going to have to pay out. That's the way it works around here. And by the way, are we making any progress in a construction? No. Anything that you can see with the naked eye? No. Seven months later, and there's still a little nail over here, a little eye, a little eye, a little eye, a little eye. You have never seen anything go this slowly because we pay him peace me, or we pay him by the hour by the minute by the second. And as soon as our $50 is expired, they're gone. So that'll be out of here real quick. They're probably done for the day after they do the last couple of drills. So getting back to our center one campaign is here to WDQ and put up the front money. And by the way, now you can tell the story because you did all this. And I don't want to get you a nail big hot water here. You and your good friend, Dara. Since you never learned your lesson, I try to tell you about this. I mean, if anybody should know about the salespeople here, you of all people should know beside me. Yeah, that they're a collection of crazy people. But she hadn't had to do with this other than putting the meeting together, like to tag me. She was the Pimp. She was the Pimp. That's right. She's the one that got you involved with these people. Let us correct these people. Right. With a very good CEO promotional team. Maria, R.C. Farther. Right. Very nice. By the way, you didn't need to front money this year, which even though I did get my check on Saturday, it's specs. And I could have given it at any time. I can spare the work because I'm going to give it anyway. But nevertheless, it was very nice that they didn't demand any. All the expenses up front and every kind of very big conference room with the right. Nancy table and very excited. Big fans of the show. Big fans of everything that we've been doing before. Can't wait to get involved. And by the way, Lou and mind your all goddamn business. Okay. But out you stupid lion bitch. How do you like that? She calls up here ourselves matters. You're Lou and who did such a great job on that golf tournament, by the way. Along with your boyfriends. Did a great job there. Sweetheart, just stay out of this. Okay. Just continue to give us as much involvement in the center. One thing is you have all along. None. Zero. Zippity, due to Zippity A. Just open the door and go away. That's our message to Lou and go away. Calls up towards on the intercom this morning about 9. We're going to get to the next 20. And all of a sudden, you're going to be ready to do this. Why did you do that? That's why I wanted you to use the people you did last year. Just what we need is her meddling and interfering once again just because she's part of that inner circle jerk. We don't need your help. Okay. Because obviously we're not going to get any of this radio station on our own. We have our own little project here. We're going to have to try to resurrect it the best we can. And we're working on it very expeditiously. To be continued in the moment because we got to get the spots in it. That's all we're here for is to make sure. I mean, you know, I was not going to come into the it all as a matter of fact. And all of a sudden, a lot of things happen around here. Rather childish, but when you expect an assand boxbook child, there's behavior when you threaten not to come in all of a sudden, oh my god, look, things are happening over there. I left a voice mail for Greg read yesterday afternoon about 245. Probably the most historical voice mail in the history of the human race. And rightfully so by the way, because that was at the moment, which like I said before, if I went ahead and gun, I would have won my brains out or somebody else's. Maybe just a little dog, you know. Huh? That never probably would have been a little bit of a joke. No, not that little dog. Although, you know, not that you mentioned. He's kind of, oh, he's so full of crap anyway. You know, him and Marine, why I think they sleep together. I really do. I think he's sleeping with Danny Boy, or at least a blow up dog. Talk about a shield. Talk about, I heard about two minutes of that. And I popped my CD in a player so fast this morning. You couldn't you couldn't blink. I didn't even know if I was a kid. And they could have otherwise. You couldn't blink 1802. I popped that baby in there so fast in the CD 2. Once I heard his excuses, then his shield and all. His shield and all. But at any rate, don't start picking on him. Good, not Nick, this watch. No. I wouldn't fall asleep. No. No matter what you do, no. No. I don't care how hard you try. All you guys do is treat your life. I'm so tired, Vavie, please. I'm just think that that you can in so creepy. Where there's an extra. And thought this just just enjoyed W. But you said until you didn't notice him. I would insult for you. Yeah. No matter what you do. No. I don't care how hard you try. All you guys do is treat my life. That 43.550. W.2. And you forget back to our center 1 and by the way, just hang on. If you already bought your CD or consider whatever. Just hang on to them, Tyler. Using this coasters or whatever you want for a while. And then as soon as we get the new ones, the replacements, which should be, we'll get to that. We'll swap them for you. Is that okay? Is it okay? Okay. Thank you. I just mentioned in passing before I get back to that to show you what I want your assholes. We have in our local newspapers. Although if not in the same paper, but nevertheless, it's in the same county. In one in one paper, I guess this is the Sun Sentinel on page 3b today. Baseball stadium ID, a hands support. This is in Fort Laterdale. They pull the bunch of so-called leaders, leaders. Not just you ordinary pions and taxpayers, but a bunch of leaders. And like a majority on it was like 36 to 26. Oh yeah, that's a good idea. Uh-huh. And then 26 of them said, I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Something like that. And also when a hero about Broward noticed morning, it says, school's bursting at the scenes again, a official seriously underrested, made the surge of students. How do you like that? Classes look big. I don't know the exact number, but their big said Ellen Corman, West, Children in both Western and Westins overcrowded to quest to trace middle school. Kids just aren't clicking this year. She said of Western. Maybe because there are three different campuses and three different cities. The burgeoning overflowing school population with kids pretty soon, or they have a kids go to school in dumpsters. That'll be next. But let's come up with some creative ways. We'll take some car rental money. We'll take some money over here to pass about. I'm going to tell you any of you politicians in Fort Laterdale, including you asshole, Tim Smith, the city commissioner. You know, that's what you want to be on the phone. You're going to have to go to the hospital in Fort Laterdale right now. For days to come ought to be on the phone. We can get his office number. Somebody will call us and get his office number for Fort Laterdale City commissioner. Tim Smith, he's an asshole. He's the one that's pushing this guy damn thing. He's the main supporter for sticking a stadium in there, which there is absolutely no place, no way, no how that downtown Fort Laterdale. It can accommodate a stadium number one. And number two, the idea that tax money is going to go for it. These kids, the schools are bursting at the scene. That's exactly what there's the headline. Schools bursting at the scenes again and Broward. And here's a local asshole politician who wants to come up with some tax money. So can we build some schools with it? No, so we can build a stadium for our goddamn multi-billionaires. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Shame on you. You crazy person you Tim Smith. And it's not a question of who's pocket is it coming out of. It's a question of here's tax dollars that are being raised in the local community. And you're going to put them for a goddamn stadium. You maniac, you crazy person you. You people I'm telling you, you better get on the horn right now and get on the phone and tell this man he better guy, it takes him a smart pills real fast. Irresponsible out of the question. The answer very clearly, very plainly, once you take care of education, once you take care of all the kids in South Florida, date and brown and pond beach, then you start worrying about millionaires and billionaires. As if we should live so long that that's going to happen here. Do you want to follow them? Yeah, what's Tim Smith's phone number? Commissioner Tim Smith in for law to an asshole. 728. 9290. 7281. 9290. 7289290. Okay, that's Tim Smith. City Commissioner in for law to an elephant is the main pimps on his move to try to swing this thing through there. He's going to conduct this informal pull to see if they can come up with support to build a stand to make him look good and make him into a hero. So we can stick his head way into John Henry. Right, don't write. Don't you guys get it? The answer is no, no, no, it ain't going to happen. No. Even my good friend Howard Plimer, we're going to call him in here this morning talking about rain and just like the all those people I got in the morning last night at PPP Park and all these stadium business. He says, hey, he doesn't mind John Henry can build it anywhere he want with his own money. With his own money. Not with anybody's tax money. We'll tell you that right now. Let me say it again. Just say, no, Tim Smith and other crazy people like John Frick and Henry. Okay. John Henry that holds this station hostage with those broadcast fee rights. Unbelievable. Millions and millions of dollars for direct for crap for swill. That most of the so-called sports writers and commentators in this market don't have the balls to describe for what it is. garbage. garbage. Swill. That you expect a hard work in public and what they're and subsidized with their harder and dollars and can't figure out why you're looking around and there's nobody there. Oh, let's build this man a stadium. The answer. Let me say it again clearly and loudly. The answer is absolutely. F and not. No. No. On the same day. In the same county. Here's one article telling us the schools are bursting at the seams because officials have seriously underestimated the surges. We don't know where we're going to put them. We don't know where the textbooks are going to come from. We don't know where the food is going to come to feed them at lunchtime. But baseball stadium. My deez got support. How do you like that? Ha ha ha. And we're the editorial's by the way in both of our local newspapers. These local local newspapers were the editorial's decrying the idea that one set of text money be used to build any many. They were a billionaire. I got them playground. You want to build a playground. Build it here for Greg and his buddies. Okay. That's where we need a playground right out in the backyard here. They can all sit in the sandbox. That's right. They can all sit back there. Go and. All day. And partial to monkey bars myself. There you go. Monkey bars. Huh. Which fits right in with monkey business, which is basically what this place is all about. Monkey business. So when we get back to our center one. So the first got a lot of stuff here. You know what I'm saying? Yes. So we got the stuff to them. Well under the deadline. That they said we would. To these great people that Darra put you in touch with Darra the pin. Yes. Right. We used to be in our sales department. Right. And. Very good terms. You know. Did I mention that that Louanne told us that? Yeah. You know, help Louanne. Who also says that she tried to get the. You know, she was trying to get the right to get the right to get the right to get it. So you know, she was, I don't know. I don't know. You know, she was on the way. But nevertheless, but that has to do with the CD. That or now. Oh. But anyway. So they sent the master's to the people that actually have to press the disk. And insert the sleeve to the manufacturers. They sent them masters to a joint, which had a lot of mention in a name on the year. Yeah. But this joint, no, no, no. This is the first joint that they sent it to, which I don't even know the name. Out of state. But still on on American soil. Yeah. And, I don't know what to do. Actually you saw this당ons. They played Star Ball II on the tracks or whenever those people got the would of the did they want us to take really good step on that. Yes. Okay. I'll tell you on flavor and we'll test the other one on the disk. know and so they found a bunch of little on golden idiots who farm all their stuff out to a bunch of mountain people in Afghanistan. And so they sent them as to their plant in Afghanistan or Bangladesh or wherever it was. And these hill people, these bottom feeders, are the ones that pressed all these CDs and that's why they look so bad. And that's why they skip and pop and puke and sound like absolute pure on a delirated crap. And so that's why we got stuck with that. Getting some facts and they're going to fix the problem. And as soon as they know when we'll get the new and improved and perfect product, yes, we'll move. See, that's right. I'm pretty good. I know how to do it. Other facts that they do in there. And now they'll have to go to some other company that can press CDs, right? But the fact is that we would like, I would like a ballpark like is it going to be sometime in my lifetime? Will it be sometime before next circus? Since this circus is already over with, I believe, would it be sometime before next circus? Or be sometime before the new millennium? These questions are crossing my mind because in acquiring people, especially those who have already put out their harder money. And especially our dear, see, you know what really, it just tears my guts out. The first of all, it's a good cause. Second of all, our intentions are nothing but the best. Thirdly, we not only had a tremendous number of people show up on Saturday, but the people that specs are not good, they're great. They're sensational. I mean, they, they didn't just then over backward. They jump through hoops. They jumped through hoops of burning flames. That's how difficult it was. I mean, they went through every effort they possibly could to make a spiel at home to put to the display right out there and try to do a great job. They're in their gun home. More than anybody has ever been in all the years that I've been involved in doing this, they are really out to try to do a great job for us. And they did. The only problem is we were selling about your craft. So now they, you know, they're in Limbo and we got this mess on our hands. And like I said before, one of the reasons we have the mess entirely on our hands is because our promotion department comes to this show doesn't exist. It doesn't freaking exist. You see, this goes back again to the idea of why in the world would grid read a higher me to cover more on this radio station. Unless you really planned to live up all those promises he made in the beginning about the state of the art studio and about having a billboard campaign counting down the days before I came back on here. Not of those things happened. Of course, just like they said, or one thing didn't happen away. It doesn't have a radio station. With a promotion department securing all of these things that we just described you in the tale to make sure that we don't put out something slough and crap and embarrassing. But of course, after seeing a week earlier, what happened with the government, it's obvious that there is no, there's no, in other words, you wonder what is the endurance level? At one point is the embarrassment finally start to show. There is no such level for this company. Did I know such level exists? Just make the infinity symbol, okay? And I'm not talking about the broadcast in company either. God forbid, this makes the infinity symbol. And that will tell you at one point the embarrassment factors start getting to these people. It just doesn't exist. And so normal mortals like us who aren't used to this kind of whatever we would call it, we don't know how to respond to this. We don't know how to deal with this kind of framework without becoming hysterical like I did on advice, man yesterday, and threatening to blow my brains out. And God, here in the key, like I said, if I would have had a gun, I would have done it. Air-re-bone, and I'm not, believe me, I show up just about every day. Air-re-bone in my face and all of my teeth, ache, ache. And you want to know why? There's one word, stress. Stress. What's the worst thing besides sugar by the way? In fact, even worse than sugar, what's the worst thing for diabetes, by the way? Stress. Stress. How many times have I told you this boy's a girl's repeat after me? Stress kills. Stress, fink kills. Fink, stress kills. No matter where you want to put the effort, it fink kills. And these people are killing me because they're subjecting us to embarrass men and human liations and degradation and making us look like I'm not going to ask what we're here trying to do a job. That's all. We're trying to do a job. We're trying to give a station a little publicity. We're trying to raise money for a good charitable cause. We're trying to put our best foot forward out there. We're drawing in all these people that showed up there on Saturday at specs. Put not a great thing. And thanks to Chris and Miguel, by the way, thanks to them. See, there actually are some people in our promotion to part of the do do some work. If there were somebody in charge of it who would cooperate and do all of these things that I just described. So all I can do again is say I'm profusely sorry. I'm embarrassed. I'm humiliated. I'm degraded. We've never put out a crap product before. And anybody who bought the CDs or cassettes believe me as soon as we have the new ones, you'll be able to bring them in and replace them or mail them in every place. I mean, if you came from a long distance away, we don't expect to slip all the way back. We haven't heard from anyone who had success. Now, we have to totally defend anybody bought a cassette by the way. We'd sure like to find out if those are also defective. And I have no reason to assume that they're not because they're from the same master. So I'm assuming they're also not going to have, I mean, no more people. They're going to burn a different master for the cassette. Oh, they do. The that, the that master is not flawed. Yeah. Whatever master they made from that, you know, they're making a long story. Sure. We're not getting too technical. If you bought the vest of the old cassette and you've listened to it, we'd like to find out if those also sound like like that, like a lot of compression and noisy and crappy and need to be replaced. Because quite frankly, isn't bear I know this is also embarrassing. Do I have a cassette? No. And if I wouldn't the said to bluff on Saturday, it's, by the way, go over there and get me one of the CDs. And if I wouldn't listen to it myself, see, this is another thing I'm thinking. What if I wouldn't have listened to that in the car coming to work yesterday morning? What if I wouldn't have listened to that CD in the car coming to work yesterday morning? How many more of these flawed CDs? How many more days and weeks? Even though some people might have complained, we just thought, well, you know, it's a, it's a glitch. It's the effective one. Can you just begin to imagine? No, no. Someone that bought a cassette, just called to say it's fine. Oh, oh, hallelujah, God bless you! Whoever you are, the cassettes are great. I think I'm going to turn to religion, you know what I'm saying? No. Because the proof that I am, sounds like every one else, on the charts and the old games. And these things just like girls and this way, really, that I think. It's the proof that I am saying, can't be for me, can you just go? And boy, don't you? Should we back in kindness, I'm just like a... I can be, I just can't be, I just can't be. Oh, my, I can't just work these things plain, what's that like? I can be, I just hope you don't know what you think, but I know this don't say, no, but it don't. Installation, we all mess refuse!! Hello Georgie accessorer lets goland $¥ 560, WQM 560, 050, 50, 2560, 2560, on the 18P wireless line. Yeah, let's go build a ballpark. Even though their schools are overcrowded, they're bursting out of the seams, okay? Maybe pretty soon we won't have enough toilet to the schools. We can let the kids do sell a little number in the hall here and there. It's gonna be the next deal. I mean, what kind of crazy barbaric people, people with no priorities are we talking about? Let's make sure, like, this story. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. You know, I wasn't taking calls. We had eight million calls on here. Now that I'm ready to take some calls, it's like that fairly days again. Zipady, do that. But that's okay, I'm used to it. I'm used to the sound photos syndrome. And like I said, Michael Mayo right on target. It's about a time. I think this is the first time in about 40 years that Michael Mayo has read a comment made any sense. Match up proves utterly boring. But that's okay. The sports nerds don't be calling each other saying all the same stupid things. And for days now, day after day after day, I just explained it to you very simply, okay? You're talking about the finally achieved parenting in the NFL. What you have are all mediocre teams. Garbage, swirl. You couldn't pay me enough to go there and sit in the rain last night to watch that crap. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, Sela. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I just graduated last year. You told me I'm not gonna sit in the name, though. But they have 50% of the buttons closed throughout the entire day. And every time you do, I think, go to the bathroom. It's on their smoking. The people on the smoke, the cigarettes, and you can't go to the bathroom, because there's no room. Yeah. And they continue to keep half the buttons gated and locked. And, yeah, well, Kyle, I don't even know what's going on in there, you know? Do they? I guess you're this gonna have to hold a best little deal. See, the one good thing is if we don't feed kids at school anymore, then they won't have to go at the bathroom as much. Yeah, exactly. And then maybe you can just bring along your own colossally bag too, you know? Like you were forcing practice for being a senior citizen. It's ridiculous. Do you want to be? I don't know when they're gonna run. But I just wanted to mention that to you and I love your show. And it's gonna match it. Thanks a lot, pal. All right. Yeah, be why you'll be bring your own bag to school. You know, you can pee in it. You can just hold a whole bunch of things in it, because we don't have any restrooms. We don't have a food to feed a lot of the kids. And are these people interested in that? No. No. They don't care about that stuff. No interest whatsoever. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Pour my heart out here for an hour and five minutes. I got one call on the board. You people are your brutal man. You're just unbelievable. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Graduated from the University of Tender and I, what's the constant scattering of over the arena? Is that the building of the stadium? What does that mean? You just constantly bitch about the stadium. It's building them. If you like to macarine, you just drive off. Yeah, are you listening to anything that I'm saying here to there? Is that beyond your ability to come? That I have a brain. It's going to work. I don't just understand you graduated from the University of Bozo is what you graduated from. Yes, sir. Yeah, hello, you're at the Lord of Tarrash. Jim Bassil, Moron. He don't give a crap. He wants everybody to be just as stupid as he is. That's what it's all about. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and top of no B. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you hit the mail right on the head to have a bell. Really? Whoa. Yes, you're does. Oh, that game last night was too trouble. I'm sure like that. What is this? All the games are like that. Right. Well, that's what happens when you, why don't we have 500 teams? You know, why don't we have 600, 700 teams? Then they can all be like sandlot teams. It's just all court. You can't enjoy watching anymore because the play is so bad and the hype is ridiculous. Yeah, all the big buildup for that crap last night. And these people don't want to admit, especially the ones who went out there and gotten the money and sat in the rain for I don't know how long. They don't want to admit that they got the host last night. I guess, you know, it's kind of embarrassing to pay that kind of money and then pay 30 bucks to park and go and be treated to what exhibition like that. Hey, I'm glad to get a job and bring some special. There's something special, all right? Thank you. And my dog left to the something special in my backyard this morning. All right. I'll be bringing it for Jimmy. All right is right. All right. Yeah. It was real special. You could, you could kind of smell it. That there was something special back there. It didn't stick as bad as the ball game last night, but nevertheless, it's done pretty special. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T wireless line. We could be. The melodrama. 20 years for overacting Jimmy. Maybe a little time on the inside. You can get to know some of your team of mates a little bit better. Some of your players. Oh, my God. The fact they said, hey, the meat trius. They played so bad last night. Would you like to come next week? Is that how I take a stab at it? Yeah, well, the meat trius. You might give it a shot. Thank you, baby. There's something wrong with our peasy. Our close-up dress arrives at day. I ask him what pressure of this being. Money runs or nothing in the eyes. Yay diye. And then he comes. That's a nice medicine. Expression.. For heavy, We weren't wondering Why Colin Elever Talk to me But sadly I'm isolate It's really I'm saying he's telling If you really Sans, Pa... Pa... Pa... Pa... Pa... Pa... Pa... I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit bent of you No no no That's why no kiss That's why no kiss This was the first time I came to the craft here to do that. He was dressed in the body as they'd my client is going. 1115 at 5.60 WC, I'm speaking to Jesse DeBody by the way. What a breath of fresh year and I'm glad somebody reminded me of this. There was a story in the paper. How do you like that? They actually put it in the paper. I saw it on the TV last night, which was much more impressive on the news. The only thing is New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson, the reason that he's being outspoken now, is that he's been elected twice. He can't run for a third term. That always inspires people to be a little bit more outspoken when they're kind of like lean bucks and they don't have to stand before the electorate again. Then all of a sudden they start saying things that makes sense every now and then. New Mexico Governor Jerry and Gary Johnson is the country's highest ranking elected official to advocate legalizing drugs. My God. Of course, the DEA people who all of a sudden have visions of sugar plums dancing in their head as if we're going to be out of freaking business. They're all vending out of shape about this. He's a crazy person. He must be out of his mind. He's making too guy damn much sense. Not only is the war on drugs been a multi-billion dollar failure, but it unjustifiably is thrown thousands of people into prison while lying about the dangers of marijuana in the Mexico Governor set on Monday. Governor Gary Johnson, a Republican kicked off of visitations capital by meeting with leaders of a college student group that shares his goal of drug legalization. Johnson is the country's highest ranking elected official to advocate legalizing drugs such as cocaine, heroin, and marijuana. At the swimming two miles in jogging five miles for his morning workout, then bounding up four flights of spirits to avoid a sluggish elevator at towards Washington University. Johnson told the students that drugs are a bad choice, but people should be allowed to decide for themselves whether to make the decision. I hate to say it, but the majority of people who use drugs use them responsibly, Johnson told members of students for a sensible drug policy. They choose when to do it. They do them at home. It's not a financial burden. White House drug policy directed very much canfree and other officials excoriated Johnson last week after he became the first American Governor to support drug legalization. They excoriated him. His pro drug message runs into the face of all the hard work of millions of parents, teachers, health professionals, community leaders, coaches, and clergy who are working so hard to stem drug use, McCarrey said Friday. Johnson found a friendly audience in the students on Monday. Students are a drug free high school to me. That's a failed policy. Anybody out there go to a drug free high school? No. Yeah, what a joke that is. How about a drug free workplace? No. I got news for it. This place they should provide you with the drugs because when you work here, you need them. There should be a sign on the door. Free drugs, you'll need them. We are at a bunch of a drug smokey hippies said David Epstein, a member of the group from American University. As the student-sipped bottled water, Johnson told them of his drug use as a young man and is the second years ago not to forgo not only drugs but alcohol and even Coca-Cola in favor of training for triathlons. I was somebody who smoked marijuana in college. I didn't experiment with marijuana. I smoked that he said. He inhaled. How do you like that? He actually inhaled. I made a bad choice, but even then it wasn't a choice that felt should have landed me in jail. Johnson said he supports legalization of drugs, but under strict control of sales and use and with significant taxation. Under illegalization, scheme Johnson said, drug such as marijuana heroin and cocaine should not be available to anyone under 21. Public drug use should be banned. Penelope should be increased for crime such as driving under the influence. There are going to be new problems under legalization. You said by submit to you they're going to be about half-leth of the art today under the prohibition model. Now, here comes the best part. Current drug policy focuses too heavily on imprisoning people by allowing illegal drug cartels to break in billions he said. Current anti drug education there for such as the government. This is your brain on drugs, television commercials. Among to lies he said, you mean to say if you smoke a pin joint your brain isn't going to turn to Friday's? Is that what he's trying to say? Your brought up learning that drugs make you crazy. He said, then you do marijuana for the first time and it's not so bad. It's kind of cool. That's when kids find out. It's been a big freaking lie. You know what we're talking about? Come on. We're in white who oversees the Mexico State Police's head at the Department of Public Safety told the students that he's unwilling to support drug legalization, but agrees with Johnson that current anti drug efforts are misguided. We aren't winning the drug war. I can tell you because I'm fighting on the front lines every day why it's said. I call it a skirmish because that's the kind of resources I'm getting defided. As a nation we're not willing to give up the civil liberties necessary to win the drug war. Give up the civil liberties necessary. How do you like that? In other words, a total police state, total absolute fascism, where they come barging into your house three in the morning, scouring through the entire house and every ash tray at settlement so long. And even looking in your window, make sure you're not hiding any in there. So let's hear it from the Mexico Governor Gary Johnson and of course for our good buddy, our hero, Jesse DeBody. In less than one week, we've, you know, had the organized religion exposed for what it is, a sham and a course for a week-minded people. And we've had the governor of a state, even though it's kind of an obscure state in he's kind of a lame duck nevertheless have the balls to say, drugs ought to be legalized. This is a sham. We're sticking a whole bunch of people in jail. That's all we're doing. Here's Carl Springs, hello. How are you doing today, Neil? Okay, sir. Good. Hey, listen, what's the starting game, the panther's in Washington Capitol? Let me give you some. I was almost a phone out of my seat when they booed in the fire. That was the most funniest thing I've sent toary Mary. Yeah. They gave you some of the players were booing them. Any word on the Madonna if he's doing any better? He's alive. Yeah, did it look like he's going to be out for the rest of season? I don't know. I haven't heard any more about him, but it's sure it didn't look good. Yeah, you know, that's just got to stop, you know. Yeah. Listen, can you play my heinous for me? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, while I was lying, got one call out of board here this morning. Speaking of hockey by the way, how about those leaves? I'm not knocking at him for Thomas, hopefully I've been front of the man in the fifth day. That is the first one of the national hockey league. Right, John Graham right there. Some of the butterflies that that young man certainly had to have a facility. The stomach had probably gone with that sixth post-save on the first shot. He's experienced in the NHL. Here is some seedling and lightning is doing. And Graham is just at the rebound. 760, 660. That's the seed of the rebound and Graham couldn't be followed on that. But the lead captain is on fire. There's the back to the split line. Just does give the prep and stomach up and off. It's over! He's going to fall left at the side of the net. That's been the shot from Carpenter and he's going to fall left through all of the playoffs without being able to play because of injury. As a round or happy individual now, having scored in a second game back. I'll be honest with you. That wasn't a very good game either because the Bruins is you know they're in a coma and they have a couple of key people on time. But nevertheless, there was more excitement right there. It owes two goals the first two out of the four. Then there wasn't the entire dolphin bills game last night. And the entire Metz Reds game last night. Well, we don't understand who to let a bull lot more steams. We don't have a lot more ball games. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and del Rey B. Hello. Yes sir. I tell you that game last night was boring and Ed Kaplan is the biggest stuff I've ever heard for the team. What did he say? How could anybody make an excuse for that effort? Oh my god. Last night I called him up and I said, you know, I said, buckly, he made a few mistakes. I said, oh no, no, no, buckly is great. He never makes mistakes. I mean, he blew that. He don't make mistakes. Yeah, just like Jimmy, don't make no mistakes. Okay, the Jesse, the body statement is the most beautiful thing I've heard and so on. Just someone to stand up and say that, you know, in the press just makes you have hope, you know. I just can't believe him, but the dolphin game. Yeah. Well, I'm evidently just to do in the rest of these people, the cats got their tongue, you know. And even one of the comms, forget who wrote this. I think it was a Danle of Bastard. Oh, they're still super bowl. They still go to win the super bowl. I mean, these people here, you can't tell them anything because they're morons. They know that you put it right in front of the face and they can't identify it. I mean, I love people who put 20 pounds to elephant. My job is in front of their face and then tell them it was a surl orange statement. Oh, yeah, that looks pretty good. Yeah, I agree. I love the dolphins, but I tell you what man that often flows. Yeah. Same old story. The same old that he's his every year after year. Have a coffee when 10 years now. Well, God bless you, sir. I love you, like a brother. I'll pray for it. See you. See you. Okay, one call on a board here. I guess we're going to play music today, which is good. I'm going to play music by bringing on scramble after a traumatic day and a half here with all the center one business, all this internal ocean and you can go on. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay, sir. Very lonely here this morning. Oh, you're given only because we all love it. Yeah, two days we've already lost the whole audience. Nice going. Pete, excellent job. We're finished. And the dolphins really suck last night. I can't believe it. It's so depressing. Yeah. They just people just hear that they don't understand. I have to agree with everything you said. How can you watch that and not see what the story is? How can you be impressed by the fact that they've beaten two teams that have a combined record of one and seven? How could you be impressed by that and just barely squeaked by Arizona by the way? Just barely got by it in at home. I'm out of the propaganda like this other guy says the propaganda that you hear on this radio station. The cover-ups, the showing that goes on. It's embarrassing to me. Well, there's a lot of these ex-jocks sitting around our radio stations. Trying to be one of these and they just suck up to the dolphins like unbelievable. But I guess my big comment is that yes, but I have saw something phenomenal in Broward County citizens patrol. They actually had a police car, a next police car, and two old guys driving it. But it was marked called Citizens Patrol of Broward County. Have you heard anything about that? No. I don't know who they're out there. They're probably out there. Probably have brown shirts and the hippo. Probably can't get any new patrol is got. By the way, I see that the people in Broward are being on a strong mayor. Thank God the Ken Jenny is lagging far behind in the poll so far because God forbid. That's what he's got in mind. He wants to be the dictator. You do understand that. I have one last comment. There'll be a patrol in every three corner. What is this? Okay, whatever he said. Oh, anybody said no. Is he nobody said no. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT. I think they're in coherent today. You know, God to them. Maybe they're still all schluffin out there. Well, we had to stay up late much the ball game. You know, that's important stuff to us. I got news for her. If it's important stuff to them, then probably they don't really They're brains out. This is the meal Roger. So. This is your brain. Any question? Hello. This is my goal. You know, a few years ago I had prostate surgery. Initially I was very simply about recovering. And I began to worry about the post-operative side effects like erectile dysfunction. ED sometimes known as impotence. Also referred to as whiskey weiner. Wagoland. Soft serve. Downpairs go wobbly. Well, he flascent flagpole. He doesn't sound spaghetti syndrome. Went biscuit. You know, ding dong, the witch is dead. But there is help. He needs to see it doctor with a little courage and stop retreating. He can help you achieve an erection. Sometimes known as a boner. Often referred to as a 50 hard time pocket rocket. Granted gum drop. Current creak crelor. Roll a quarter. A jumpy. Catching the tattered being harder than Chinese algebra. And when you do get help, there's no reason to be ashamed. Because there's now hope for men and their partners. Hope that they'll soon be able to have intercourse. Sometimes known as sex. Often referred to as the hampi dance. Pump and ugly. Hide in the salami. What the uprights. The dude's taking a look at some on you. Imagine that. You know, take a trip to the mound. So remember. It's a little embarrassing to talk about. But with a little courage and a few creative view from Nizams. You too can leave behind the soft rock. Get yourself some hard salami. Drive the baloney pony into a bright new future. I'm Bob Dell. Thank you. It's 1132 at 56QAM. Here's the fact it says, what Cudos to Al Michael's who last night on the ABC. I'm on an football said. Pro player state it used to be known as your robby. But he built it. But like everything else, the name was sold for big dollars. In addition to football, they also play amateur baseball here as well. I don't know. 5. 6. No, by the way, but your hanks. Gonna be having a long push today. It looks like the triple crown is going from ABC to NBC and BC. Got the right. What's that all about? Oh, got a sure hope. I got to have that dick inbury. Oh, man. I mean, there's some people that used to like. I mean, I don't know about 100 years ago like dick and bird. Here's a call from Woodbury, New Jersey. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm doing. Okay. I just listen to you guys on the computer here about the last night's game. Right. Uh, I've talked with them guys. I mean, I'm going to dial fan for 30 years. They suck. They look like the Eagles over here. I mean, you know, they know often saved like you. I was just listening to past couple minutes. It's the same as the last year and year before. Every year. And they keep telling us they're going to have a run in jam. They're going to ever run again. And this year was this ex-con, you know, uh, he's going to be the biggest. Cecil of diesel and all this. Well, crap. He had his lesson three yards of carry last night. Yeah. I was watching. I watched the whole game. The, uh, the one hit on the was fine right. I think it's 44. Right. Right. That was, you know, there was a good hit. But he sort of slowed down after that. I'm, I, I sold this kid a couple times. A couple games. They, I get to see up here. And he looked good to me. I like Cecil. No. And, uh, well, I'm not, I'm not asking if you want to go to the dance with them. Just in the car. The cars are going to be a little more on it. And Tony Morton. What happened to him? Yeah. I, uh, I, I saw a highlight for the Cardinals game. And I think it was the Cardinals game. He, he seemed to make a catch down the side line and slowed down around out of Bound. Well, the word you're looking for, sir, is mediocre. That's what you got after these are guys that are making millions and millions of dollars. And I got a good feeling on a feel. I used to have season tickets right on the 50 art lines. Some of the best seats in the entire place. I went for five years. I paid for those tickets with my own harder money. And I finally came up. I said, hey, give me somebody else because I will not go out there for that crap. Right. Exactly. And I was going to fly down this year. Bring my Sunday. Oh, I'm glad you were going to move. You made. Yeah. Besides pneumonia, you went ahead a mental hernia. Yeah. I mean, this is, it started out so good. Uh, and it's defense. Well, let's start it out so good. Well, the season well last night's game anyway. I'm going to put it away. How did they play? Let me say it again. They played two games. Who have a combined record of one and seven. Yeah. I'm talking last night's game. Yeah. It seemed to start out so good. And then they started with the field goals. I don't think it started. I don't think it started out good at all. I mean, I think it's the same thing. Drive down a field. Pick a field. Drive down a field. Pick a field. I mean, geez. That is boring. Is watching paint dry. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's going to be a good game. I think it's going to be a good game. But, you know, I just, I thought once that in Johnson we're supposed to be a one two punchier. Yeah. They're, they're punching out right now, I think. Yeah. This is getting ridiculous. One, the one. That's just a parole officer. You got a wrong pill. You just have to have that. Okay, listen. Have a great day. Thank you. And kiss the ground. You didn't come down for that crap. Do you imagine somebody that would have come all the way down here for that last night's game? Oh, I'm waiting. Got in the soap to the bone. I'm a real fan. I have to start a set through that sandy eagle playoff game years ago in a pouring rain, pouring and driving rain. Like a maniac like an embassy. You got to be a crazy person. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. I got to call us tonight from advertising agency. I talked to me about the Marlins. If I were to subsidize a stadium, go for them. And of course, they asked me if we would mind if we text the tourist as well. And I said, no, I said that if they're shortcomings, we would have to pay for eventually. I didn't think it was fair that we support a private business. I don't see anybody going out to support me for my own company. Right. They asked me if I would go out there. If they built a brand new stadium, I told them no, they only went out there. If they put a good product on the field, I thought the product sucks. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. And they also asked me how did I feel when the previous owner destroyed the team? And I was like, oh, I'm going to put that on. When the previous owner destroyed the team, right? Exactly. So I just went and let you know that they're out there doing advertising. They're not, they're marketing and they're trying to find out. Good question there. Well, maybe, you know, if they were just tune on this radio program and here, oh, maybe they'd save a lot of phone calls. I agree. Okay. Thank you. Nice job, pal. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm Beth Siddadea. Hey, hello. The whole dolphin history flash in front of me last night. And one single statistic I saw on the screen. Total rushing yards for Dan Marino Lifetime. 90. Yeah. That's it. Well, I hate to break the news deal, but the quarterback isn't supposed to be the one to get taller rushing yards. Everybody sees a statue, but the fact is that there've been a lot of great quarterback so we're statues also. So that's not what it's all about. That was a delist who was afraid of that they could do something like, you know, I've said he steps out of the pocket. There's a chance that you can do something. Right. Marino, you're another one of these Marino bashers. They're lots of blame him for the reason that they lost. They started doing that. Even though of course you didn't have a good game, but you're going to blame him. No. But I can see that it's fine that we get some diversity in our offense. And he knows no diversity. Yeah. He football changed a lot in 17, 17 years. Yeah. But you don't get it. People like Joe Rose. You haven't been listening closely enough. Danny's going to play until he's 90. Don't you understand that? Yeah. Well, highly all. Yeah. Exactly. Thanks a lot. Okay. 560, 50560 on the AT&T. Why was fun? Anybody know what he's talking about? No. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Any idea? Okay, sir. The downside is the dolphin season is over. The bright side is only six months to open in date for the Marlins. Tell your promo department to get John Bowles to say, we have a chest to me. Special. We get the special this year. Yeah. I'm out of a turtle. We only lost 98 games. Maybe it won't be so bitter or negative. Man, we only lost 98 games. The people that franchise that own this guy, the MC, they've had the mortgage on this doing on our lives. The Marlins. We could be really, really special. Something like a man who, like Renfield from Dracula, like a man who needs to be putting a goddamn straight jacket somewhere. How much after last night, he ought to be in a straight jacket. Stop trying to pedal a hype. Okay. You're not full of nose of us with a brain. Okay. Maybe some of the mindless masses out there. The sports nerds, the dummies who are looking for excuses. It's a crap product. It's blows. I have more excitement just farting in comfort last night. That's right. I just sat there and right there at the TV. So that's my idea. That's my response to this ballgame. Oh, yeah. I felt so good about it. With delicious. Guy, I have my nose up, Neal's ass. Where you fudge back, him? I'd be Roy's fish, at least. I'd be Roy's fish for the raw. I'd be leaving our sound this late ago. I have my nose. He's mad. Oh, geez. I asked. What do you do to me? I didn't get that back all down. It would've been over there. You got to see it. Old game of ease of the record though, the chronic gentleman is eating so much he'd better endure this rabbit room. In the golfing of Jack. He evokes that mean how I paid it here for him. I have an integral finish for us to the down and there if they could expose Jack that by close and person or phenology. I felt so upset. It could come all over you, Benoji. You should put your hand. You'll be taking it at me. Don't let me in again. Get out of there. We're the boy. Don't worry about your hand. I kind of am fine. I know that. That's okay. That's okay. It's okay. Please. Roy. Where the experts? It's 1145 at 560WQM56070560. By the way, speaking of the ECHIDS diet and the 2020 last time which I didn't see, I'll need some information on that. So yesterday I'm channel surfing and there's that cow who by the way is up to 220 pounds so say the tabloids, but she must be wearing all kinds of, she must be wearing like a straight jacket. That's just a grudel and like seriously, they got to have a wrapped in something. Oprah. And you know this by the way since Channel 4 got Oprah over there, everything on that station now because they're desperate. Their numbers blow. Everything on her. Oh, guess what? Oprah had a real good ppm that we're going to be talking about it at five o'clock on the news. An angel raised, going to be laughing about it. You go girl. She did. But I mean they're just obsessed with Oprah. Everything they talk about, talk about shameless, chilling and crap desperation. So anyway, she's got the hellers on there who wrote this quack. Everybody in her brother has ripped off ackeens and has got another low car book. But what separates the hellers from everybody else is they have this binge me as you can do. This reward me, whatever they call it. And I'm going to tell you it's the biggest polycraft. You talk about leading people down the path. And of course, Oprah's eyes are letting up like a pinball machine. And it got this big plate. Here's a bunch of chicken. I mean, she loves a chicken. You know, oh, yeah, fried chicken. And here, this is the reward me, you know. You go girl. Oh, not right there on the floor. Fried chicken. And then there was some asparagus. And then there was a big thing a macaroni and cheese. And she says, oh, you can also have a papal pie with ice cream. But if you do that, you have to balance it out. So you have to have more fried chicken. And Oprah went, all right. I'm right. This is the reward meal. This is how you learn. You know, see, I'm convinced. I know that this sounds crazy. I'm convinced you just got to stop eating. You know, I mean, just eat just, I mean, miniscule amounts. That's the only thing it's going to work for me. I have tried everything with stating on my head. And then, of course, you come up with a day like yesterday when you're ready to blow your brains out. And it's breathtaking a kick from this place. I got the opposite thing. Thank God. No, and I did end the beginning. I got that. I was so neurotic inside cutting. I wasn't even hungry. I couldn't think about eating. And then a little later, I didn't have to know. All of a sudden, I thought, I made my run to publics and just, you know, ice cream and this whatever. Why? I'm just telling it. That's the way it was. And this morning, again, on the scale. Oh, I'm filled. I didn't know. No numbers, just letters. T-I-L-T. Pilt. It said, you fat cow you. Here's a mobile in sunny miles. Hello. Sunny miles? Yes, sir. And you know how you doing? Great. That Joe Rose is unbelievable. He was stuck in the blow and so hard to squirt. And I think his forehead came down. You know what I'm saying? I turned it right off because I couldn't believe. Because I saw most of the game. And I couldn't believe the crap he was talking. It was unbelievable. It's scary. I was at the game. I didn't know that could fit 70,000 red necks in one stadium. A lot of wives got beat up last night on the way home. I think. Probably. I think. What a suck up job. That was. Yeah, that's a good thing. Yeah, we agree. You know, it's, it's ironic. That's what Miami gets for Buffalo, Rand, O.J. Out of town. That was their first Sunday, Rand of my town. They shipped them down here. I heard him and JJ were golfing this weekend. So if they get, so. Out of material, Neil. Okay. Good deal. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line and see. I'll say it again. I've said this many times in the past. The people in this town, they don't know the difference between being a sports fan between liking the team and knowing whether your team is good, mediocre or blows. They think that if you're a fan, you have to lie to yourself. You have to delude yourself. Oh, where the best word number one that's being a fan. No, that's called being more on. That's called a sports nerd, which thank God for the sports nerds. Or this place we've been playing on gerian mousercus 20 hours a day. If words for the sports nerds. Here's what Lauderdale, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Okay. That's several comments about the first time caller. All right. That's several comments from the game last night. There was one time. Was that the head of the first half? They had a first down. Miami did. That's the bottom of the water yard line. Yes, sir. They ran three plays. And they didn't score that they could to feel gold. That was either the half. Right. And I had several bodies over here. And to watch a game with me. By the way, nice job on third down guys last night. One for 14. Oh, yeah. That's played, baby. That's what it's all about. That's being really special. And I told my buddies. I said, you know, we've got one half to go. But they don't deserve the weather's game. That's right, yeah. They didn't even try to get into the end. So I mean, Marie, no. He threw it one time into the end zone and collected for his only touch shot. Yeah. And he would try to get into the end zone. Any other times. That's a total of the field for the second. Yeah. Man, this is where that comment last night. And speaking of speaking of man, they tell you, yeah, listen to the entire of broadcast Manage and what did they manage with them? Yeah. And man, they're always wets to comment about the bells. It says, oh, the bells. You know, with Ted Washington and Bruce Smith, a lot of big guys. They'll bell down on the Miami heat. Yeah. He always says that. Uh-huh. It never happens. Now, never happens. Well, it's a racial thinking. You know, he's under a lot of stress. Oh, right. Yeah, right. Yeah. So I'm glad they had a good time. But I hope the food is good. One on a comment. Yes, sir. I want to make. You know, I'm setting home. It's the only reason I would listen to the cell. As far as I'm concerned, this cell stinks. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Okay. He's the whole. That's the only reason he's listening to the show. As far as he's concerned, the show stinks. Thank you, sir. That was a-ha-ha. That was great. And I love the way he said it, too. Do you like that? That was beautiful. Thank you. And guess what, pal? You stink. Here's boring. He's a dog poop. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Well, here's the guy who's home. Who's so bored. You know, something that Bullon, I was talking about before sir. Excellent. Good day to check it out. Give it a shot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, you know, I'm down here. Listen to your show for the first time. I'm actually living Tampa. Yeah. And I'm from here. And I've always been a dolphin fan. Yes, sir. And I got to say, you know, it could be far worse things. I think that, I think Marina is one of the greatest quarterbacks ever been. And I think his game changed a lot since he doesn't really have receiver. He just has drug dealers out there. And I mean, it bring him in from the beginning. Best jail birds that money can buy, maybe. I'll tell you that right now. Well, you know, that's the interesting thing. You know, Jimmy seems to be someone that likes to bring back the drug dealers and drug addict. He never comes like, he's obsessed. In fact, he's really jealous. Lawrence Phillips is playing out there in San Francisco. You know, and it's really, I can't believe these people that just get down and I'm looking at all the quarterbacks out there. There's not a lot of things. Sure. You got to understand, please. You got to understand this town no matter what you do for them. It makes no difference. There is no question. Didn't know, seriously. I don't do a sports show. But there's no question. Dan Marina was one of the greatest quarterbacks. Whoever played the game. And in this town, year after year after year, it's the same argument. I mean, granted, he can't play forever. And yes, he had a bad game last night. But the fact is they didn't lose the game last night because Dan where you don't have a bad game. That's not what they lost the game. Hey, any day, any day, Miami wants. We'll trade Dilfer and 17 players for Dan. You can have Dilfer or they won't. No, no, no, no, no, no. Throw in throw in Bob Blanceter. No, no, no, no, no. We still won't take it. Okay, let's take it out. Take it out. Good luck to you guys who needed. Thank you. Hey, suck. 5, 6, 70, 5, 50. I mean, this old stuff, you know, Danny, boy, you suck Danny no matter what it is here. Because nobody in the town really, you know, you can't forget anybody's performance. Now, granted, what about me? Now, what is that? The student and that was that governor guy. Oh, I thought for just a second. It's that I was one of the hellers that I was just talking about. I was just talking about the hellers that were on Oprah. Here's the drug guy. This is Sean Haller. Hello. Hi, Neo. How are you? Pretty good. How are you? I'm doing well. Yes. So I met with Governor Johnson yesterday. Did he have any good stuff on him? Yeah, a lot of good stuff on him. All right. Yeah. Governor Johnson's right on, you know, and that's what we're trying to do up here in DCM from Miami. Yeah, I'm on. And my dad heard you talking about the governor, so he gave me a call. Right. And, um, yeah, they come here. I'd basically been working in this stuff now for a couple years now. Because, you know, I realized that this is not part of the issue. That everybody's afraid to talk about it only in truthfully. Right. Because America has been brainwashed. And of course, when you've been to Amsterdam 10,000 times like that, I have, and you realize that in netted the Netherlands, they deal with this intelligently and openly and honestly, and they don't have a real serious problem. They don't have like a gigantic portion of their population in jail because of drugs. Then you realize how the real world operates. Yeah. I mean, we have the largest prison population in the world. Right. Right. And right here in DC 50% of the Un African American males, and any given day under criminal justice supervision. All right. I mean, it just baffles me. Yeah. And so, um, that sounds good though. That's not a bad idea. You know, at least do be safe anyway. Well, I don't know. But there's barters in jail, man. But let me, uh, real quickly, this is something I think they use. He goes in, by the way, understand it's where Jimmy's going to be recruiting for the dolphins for next season. Um, I think this is something that you find a day of prison population yesterday. Pretty interesting. The drug free session act is a provision cost criminal attempt, which is being put forth by the Republicans. And, um, this provision says that if you consider committing a drug offense, you think it'd be charged into an in jail for committing that offense. If you consider if you think about it, if you think about it, so it's awkward. Well, how about if you have lost in your heart, shouldn't you be, uh, how about attempted rape? Well, I think, uh, that's not a drug. Harder straight in jail. Yeah. It had lost in his parts. But, uh, yeah. Neil, glad to hear that you're going to come out on the air. I talked about it on the after long time. Yeah. Well, listen, and now that the governor is going to have, you know, he's going to complete it as a second term. He can't run again. He should be the anti-drugs are. You guys should, uh, you know, hire him, sign him up. We will do. Okay. Okay. Keep doing a tron. www.sstp.org. Okay. Thank you. See, good luck. Okay. There's the young man. It's working hard. He's working in a favor. Ah, not this crazy. This so-called war on drugs. Crazy people, man. Oh, yeah. Let's fill the jail. Here's another big drug bust. Are we impressed by that? No. No. A bunch of crap. You know, go arrest him, rapist and arsonist and child molasses. Go deal with stuff like that. And leave the poor weed people alone. Ah. We don't intermica in the town of being. They got the best of her. Got you a person. All right. Ask anybody in the table. Or, uh, they tell you this country where the country goes. You're here. Got the man. Ask someone to sell. And from my alley, you can detect these men. Ah, stop. Okay. Stop. Go and just walk. Stop. Okay. He liked the country's play. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. The gun's a beautiful. They'll gun. We carry lots of earth in the gun. You suck. Smoke it every day until you're long-saving night. With all the fun it that we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign faith. A marriage and a tour to some here and say. Got nothing like this in the U.S. They smoke. Smoke gun to smoke. Smoke. They like pop this flip and talk. They begin to pop and jump. Smoke gun to smoke. Smoke. They gun to be good. They're going to die. I'm not helping us on you. I'm a rascal man. You like to smoke to join us if whenever you can. And if you become a man here from miles around. Survival from you by the ounce of the gun. Rascal man, say to her, I'm all right. They gun to be good. Tonight and then they smoke. Smoke gun to smoke. They like not just living tall. Smoke gun to smoke. Smoke. Smoke gun to smoke. Smoke gun to smoke. They gun to be good. You turn. Jaman. Jaman. It's a 204-560 WQA M560 POM-560 on the AT&T line. Hank will be a cool city day between 2 and 6. You got talking baseball with Donnyby. And I first looked at the schedule. And I saw a talking baseball with Donnyby. And like a chill. What happened down my spine. Not because I was thinking about Donnyby. Obviously. No, seriously. And I thought, oh my god. I thought we were done with the Marlins. I had like almost broken the cold sweats. Talking baseball. And then of course we got the playoffs baby. The Rangers and I aches from ESPN radio 735 tonight. Oh, talking baseball with Donnyby. I'm thinking, oh, it's can't be. Can this possibly be happening to us? No. It's not. You joined us late. Let me say it again. Center one CDs in the CDs anywhere. Gonna be repressed. We're working feverously with the people who did this thing. And they were sent to a bunch of loot and ticks in Afghanistan somewhere. And the CDs are the ZASTER. We apologize profusely. We apologize to our friends at specs. But there are no more being distributed. And we'll let you know the next day or two. When you can replace them and when you can start buying them again. And absolute unmitigated nightmare again. And I will say one thing. Okay, and all fairness because I OD and on the center one stuff they were great. But no, no place is perfect. No place really gives you the kind of support you need. And the thing that keeps coming back to my mind. Talking about having a nervous breakdown with those great trips to Vegas. Oh yeah. Those great days. Those great trips to Vegas when they just hung me out to dry. Right Bobby. Bobby Green hung me out there to dry right on the line. Why do you want to do it? You wanted to do it. You wanted to do it. You're right. Yeah. My idea. Bad idea. Never again. Here's a mobile in Boca. Who? Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm calling. All right. I was sweet. It is from Buffalo. And I was very happy to watch that. Wonder how I got news for him. You wanted to struggle. We wanted to struggle. We wanted to struggle. We wanted to struggle. We wanted to struggle. We wanted to struggle. It was okay. It was. I mean, yeah. If you win, it's okay. But it wasn't a good game. Sir. Okay. Okay. That's the end of that. There's another brilliant sports. It was okay. It was not okay. It was a crappy game. It was not a good game. I mean, Jesus Christ. Like I said, can't you at least be objective? Is it possible? No. I mean, just a little bit honesty, please. No. Go back to Chico Aga. Okay. Stuff it in your cheek. 5 6 7 0 5 60. And I was pawn for the bills to win a game. I'm not a dolphin fan. Jimmy makes me want a puke. Jimmy makes me want to get my hand in ease and puke. Jimmy jailbird Johnson. I can't stand him. We could be. We could be special. We got shot. We got shot. We got a shot. Yeah. You're a lot of your players. No box shots. All different kinds of shots. Some of the arms. And head. We got a shot. If you're one. Hey, more power to you. If it makes you feel better. And a lot of the human being. If it kind of redeems you. Feeling about yourself as a living and breathing creature. It was a crap game. Michael Mayo, like I said, even though I still can't stand you like poison. Because what you did in the neighborhood. Any worse, because you lied on this show on a phone and promised you'd write a retraction when a apology and you never did. And spread all the millions of words of a swivel. You're written in the meantime. Right on target today. Michael Holda Mayo. But by the way, never tell you an answer to them. What they put on the French fries. Match up proves utterly boring. Never had. And that's why the. Headline was heated right. That's all you have to read. You have to read all the rest. Terminal. And I also agree with them that on Saturday. There were like any one of a whole bunch of college games that were far more exciting and entertaining than that swivel that we saw last night. I mean, that was pure unadulterated beyond a shadow of a doubt. Yeah, beyond it. Right. Like I said. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm the time to listen. First time. I'm going to go. All right. You know, I have two things I want to talk about. I want to talk about adults and I want to talk about Jim Johnson. Yes, sir. Now first of all, I think it's really it's very early in the scene. I don't know if it's kind of premature for everybody to come down to the Dolphin. You know like people are writing them off. You know, and if we remember. Back to the first one, sir. First of all, I don't do a sports show as you know. But I'm talking about this because I did see the game last night because I'm listening to a lot of other people talking crap. That's what I think it's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. It's really good. But I think there's room for improvement. That's the whole I'm saying. Now, on Jimmy Johnson, now people were saying that he recruits wet, so called criminals. Yeah. He's coming old out of jail. I understand this, but Neil, people are such a hypocrite. Now, if you remember, now back I think last year, when he passed up on a Randy cross to Dr. A. A. Mr. Johnson, people were in this downblasted, didn't he? Before passing up on Randy Moth, when he came in new, the reason why he passed up on it because he had trouble fast. So now people are very critical about this. I mean now because he goes in then about the sign of the cicocaans and a few other players who are going to be interested in the world yeah. Yeah and now it's not a problem until they start losing. Yeah I guarantee. And Lawrence Phillips yeah. If they've been drafted. Well I'm not sure I'm not sure it's been a problem all along. So at least I'm consistent because I really don't care if they ever win another game. I'm not sure at least I'm consistent. It's a problem. It's a bad message to the kid out there. To go after all of us come back. The worst come on the face of the earth and to reward them by giving them chance after chance after chance. Some guys especially guys like Lawrence Phillips. He's had a hundred chances too many. Yeah I grew through 100% but Neil you have to understand. And he's the death what he has no choice but to do that. And I'm going to be a coach in NFL for long. If you cannot produce, he's cannot win. I mean look, look at Levin don't do a couple years ago. Yeah. You know he put up a crappy team and he also had the last time I saw him. He's not missing any meals. He's doing okay. I have to take a precaution. I've never raped a thing. I think you're here. Alright, he'll survive. 560 560 560 on the AT&T line 10 pass. New at 2 a.m. This is 560 2 a.m. I got looked for something else to do. You know Jim, the variants in some team practice. I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together. Well that's a fine idea. Don't mind about it. By the way, what is that you're wearing? Taste this in the gistring. Well you look just fine. Now why don't you get over here? They can be feel like a man. Not taking it easy. Man, it's come down. I'm tether. You know. I'm going to run for it all year long. I'm not out now. Man, it's that cold even taking it. Get off of you. Did you turn round those or check that out? Well I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here. I love for you. Will always be. These numbers in the middle. Prophet B is 560 WQM 560 70560. Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Palm B, Chelo. Okay sir. Listen. Just a second. I'm calling you. We got just here. Why is your radio station constantly hopping on this? Oh, Jason. I'm sorry. You know I understand if you have a personal issue with the guy that's fine. You know, but it just seems to drive on and on. You know the guy coming in the fence. You know, and it was a hall. And a fancy murder to people. Yeah. Yeah. The hall was sent. But the reality is this. You went through the process. You found a guilty. Why do you go on the same level? I'm out of the civil trial. Was you found out guilty? Okay. I'm a civil trial. He's paying for it. I don't know. No, sir. He is not paying for that. He's supposed to be paying for it. But he's not paying for it. Instead he's running around playing golf. Living the life of Riley. So he's a defensive restaurant. While other people who get caught with a pinjewit are sitting in jail for 20 years. You think that's just this? Let me actually do something and go off. What effect does that have when you're like? Then I don't can't play all the golf. He wants. But when he plays at our charity golf tournament like he did last week where he was perc specifically uninvited. But he keeps sticking his nose in the bar business here at this radio station. Then it does affect my life. And then I will talk about it. Otherwise, if I never heard his name again, it would be too soon. No, no. I'm in. Believe me. If the man was meddling in your business, then it becomes an issue. That is absolutely correct, sir. But I think this name was invited to participate in a turn he would know he was not invited to participate. So you're telling he just showed up at the golf course. He was invited by his personal friend. Raw. But he was not invited by the radio station. He was a specifically uninvited by the station. Okay. And so if you're invited to golf course and by the charity, and by everybody else involved. And so you felt that it was your personal crusade to go into Halo because this guy was not invited. There's been a whole week talking about this guy when reality is there other issues. You really could have been right. Sir, he's his name hasn't been barely a separate couple of comedy, but I haven't mentioned him today at all. Oh, we're all in that. It was dedicated to the guy. Well, then this is this week. Okay. It's Tuesday of this week. And you're the only one that's talking about him, sir. My hysterical racially upset friend. 567. Let me say it again. He's a murderer. He's a scumbag. I don't want to be associated with him. And either there is any decent person at this radio station underlining the decent part. Okay. Which we have a few. Get a brain pal. Get with it. And next time I need any advices to what subject matter to talk about, I'll call you. Give me a lead Georgia number. I'll call you and you let me know. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. Back to the football issue. Football issue? Yes. First of all. What is she was that? I don't know. We had a football issue. It's never even rain glass night at the game. I don't know what game. Sure. I ran your rain for hours before the game. Rain and windy. Yeah. And there were a lot of people there who got there. We got soak up to their ears. Yes. The game. Okay. I'm glad you had a good time. And. And. The mail. Get off the football. Oh, yeah. There you go. There's that same jackass again. 567.0560. Pound the same guy with the stadiums. And pound five 60 on the AT&T. You're a moron, Pat. You're a sports nerd. Calling on a sports nerd shows after two before 10. The sports nerd shows. Not 10 to two. Okay. We got our own regular nerds. Let's stick with them. Not the sports nerds. We don't want to hear from you. We can't stand you. We're nauseated by you. I hope you get doubled in the money. Okay. I hope you pay a hundred dollars to park you moron you jackass you. Here's my any hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Is it going? Okay. I was at the game last night. I have fun. But you talk about the thing on 2020. Isn't 2020 ABC show. Maybe it wasn't on last night. It was a game with our. No, I'm sorry. Well, people here saw it. So it must have been on before the game or No. Okay. That's besides the point. You're running a spot for the laser eye surgery. Yeah. And Kippy Brown says that he went and did it. Maybe that was a problem last night. He did the laser surgery on his eye. That was going on. Uh-huh. And the first thing is. How could I do everything that? Yeah. The third thing is I said section 405 up or deck front row. Yeah. But in section 402 was where all the action was because first just one girl stood up and flashed and then the girl was another girl on the other end of that section on the same aisle. Flasher boots were going. But no flash and back and forth George. You're a little. All right. We're going up there. You know I'm glad you went there or something. I don't know what I'm going on in the stands because there's yours. I wasn't on the field. Yeah. You know they were off the game and you know I had to get up and go to work and face reality and I enjoyed myself. Yeah. You're right. I was pathetic and all that other crap. But I figured out the house. I figured a little wet and I saw folks and I had a fun time. Look at the **** I'm having blonde man. There you go. Okay. Glad to hear it every time. Okay. He said there's a lot of boots up and forward too. What he said. I'm sure that. I'm going to show you those moves in every section. 567560 400 open lines here for your amusement and poorys all here this hour. 567560 pom 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Mobile and bokeh. Hi. A nail. Yes sir. I quick question for you. Number one. I had to start the question by saying this to you. I want to raise the buffalo knee or move here 14 years ago. Yeah. And you know I got to be honest with you. People talk about Dan Maria and I'm going to jump to Van Wagon and let me tell you why. What happened to Vinnie Custer Vary this year? Well he's hurting and sore the jet. Same thing with the Denver Broncos. I think because of quarterback you got to be a leader. You got to be a man in charge. And you know what? It'd be perfectly honest with you. I have now converted to Miami Dolphin. However, it's perfect because another Miami Dolphin so-called fan to make believe Dolphin fan calling and bashing Dan Reno. I got it. Now say the save it. Do me a favor. Save it for the sports nerd shows. Okay. I don't want Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy. This station is rounding and a sea like I've told you so many times before Jimmy and Danny. It is so goddamn boring. It is so terminal. It is so pond-risk. Like I said at the beginning of the show. Why can't you admit it the quality of play in the national football league is so diluted. They have now achieved parity. You've got basically all crappy teams. You've got St. Louis Rams or undefeated. They're a girl's team. Okay. They're a joke. You've got the the Super Bowl participant to be between the two of them. Have a lot of goddamn game. They're all in eight. It's a freaking joke. You've got swirl and you're on your you just don't want to admit it to yourself. If you want to take your heart and money and go out there and pay 30 bucks to park and get soaked and watch crap, be my guess. It's a free country. Go subsidized crap. I don't care. I saw the same game in a comfort of my living room last night that you saw there in a stand if you were there and it wasn't any better on the TV than it was sitting there all it was more comfortable and I could do it for art and peace. And then have to worry about a bunch of slabs and drugs and obnoxious what ever they were. I saw it with my own six eyes. I saw what the hell was going on. It was crap. If I would have I'm going to tell you if I would have paid to go to that event and paid a lot of money to park and go on and be treated at that spectacle, I would have been screaming for a refund. And that goes back again to this is the sports nerds who continue subsidizing these events who want the stadiums who want this and want that you know they could put they could put on a god damn elephant farting show for two hours. Oh Jim smell pretty good to me. Sure, it's a interesting sound. Hey, never heard before. Mobile in coral springs. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Okay sir. First of all I'd like to see the guy who called about OJ was a complete and total model. I can't say professional sportser. You should go to the closest hospital and have them do a lobotomy immediately. While I was originally calling to say though is that what you have with the Miami Dolphins is another high-zinga production. Mediocardy packaged in a hyped over-hyped package to sell a high-hyped moron. I'm sure. Yeah. We could be something special. We could be. I mean I mean I just I don't know whether they're cry or laugh every time I hear that. The man owns the town unfortunately the franchise and the reason is because he is able to sell to the lowest common denominator and the morons that live down here that have moved down here from New York 90% of them. And then I know what I said before elephant. He said well then I say it's crap. He said that's what he's peddling to. Yeah. You keep buying it and he's right. He's right. It sounds like the Mediocard garbage we had two years in a row with the first at the Miami or even in the last year at the end of the center. And I'm doing my best to get people out there. The kings are marching proven by the way they wonder game last night and saying Louis three to two. They'll be here tomorrow night and I have a feeling. I mean I hope everybody comes out and supports the Panthers. But you know something you put a crappy product on the team year after year and you keep jacking up the prices jacking up the prices and guess what? A lot of people stay home. Well we would understand why? You open up a restaurant and you serve crap. Are people gonna come back? Oh no. And your promise you put big signs up you put big ads on TV. The most delicious succulents, mouthwatering, cuisine in the history of the home of the race. Come on in for a really great taste treat. And the people come in and taste like dog droppings. Which quite frankly I've used that expression a lot. Never tasted dog droppings. But I have smelt them and I think I'll pass. I've smelt them. And then next time you go there you walk by and I'm gonna go in because you don't want anything to do with it. And you're looking there's a menu outside and you see they've raised the prices. Same great food but just lightly increase prices. Are you gonna go in? No. No not unless you're an mental defective. Mental defective sounds like some of the sports nerds. Oh, a lot of so you're so big. Who's made sports in the garden games? The twin is with a claim has gone down in flames. The twin is with a shame of a rainbow's king upon my brain. I think it's not this. Those dreams are from way made stains inside my name. No! Oh my god! 1231 at 560 WQM Hank will be at the cool city of Tudon. We got the Yankees in Texas playoff tonight. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T water slant. I don't see I think it's a great analogy that I drew. Restroutsure is up crap food, raises the prices and then can't figure out why you won't come back. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, I didn't. I hadn't watched a pro football game in about 10 years but somehow I watched the last period last night. Well, I'm sorry. I've been garbage product and you're doing your laugh at the product because it's so damn artificial and you cry for these slippers who were there. We somehow think a dolphin's victory is going to prove their life. I will say that is not as artificial as that is any of those Miami heat games and everything I'll plot the plastic as the word you look at. Oh, it's just... It's embarrassing. It's just terrible. And chicks make Donald blows. He blows. He's better than the guy that they had before on the radio. But he was just in here this morning. I was having a nice chat with Jigs. Well, he's a nice guy. Well, I don't think he's that good. And one more thing that teens have a really good play this for a period. I don't know if you've seen him. Yeah, but he's very good. Yeah, they're boring though. But that'll be great came tomorrow night. Yeah, we'll be there. Thank you. I shouldn't have said that they're boring. Then people will say, oh, or see you kneel, said they're boring. No, come on. No, come out to see Pavelle brewery. We don't give a crap about the kings and look robot-ty and Joseph Stumple and Ozurice. We care about the goddamn Pavelle brewery. I believe that's what we care about. We love you, Panthers. Don't we? Come on. Let's hear it. I'm listening. 560, 750, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a great with you on the one hand that I wouldn't pay to go out and subsidize that professional scam out there every year because they're about as loyal to fans. Oh, why should a fan's be loyal to them? You know, they're not loyal at all. Yeah, they're going to get you out of the highest bidder. But I disagree with your own fact that last night's game was not entertaining. I had a ball in the fourth quarter. I stayed at home. I had a ball in the fourth quarter watching dope foodie run around those guys. I was in bed. I was long asleep by then. Oh, it was great. My favorite team. Why are they insist on putting those games on a nine o'clock? I mean, why, you know, all the ratings were down. They tried to eight o'clock. You know, something life has got to be more than just fricking ratings. I realize they paid a billion God damn dollars for the rights to it. But Jesus Almighty, who in a right mind watches they have been 1245, what a clock at him or even watches stupid football game. Well, especially when the two East Coast teams play in there, they don't really need to run it so late. Right. But yeah, my favorite team is whoever's playing a dolphins and I just love it the next day. What all the Chuck Snifers have worked. Oh, yeah, they're all in their plan, man. They're all cramming. Yeah. Okay, well, I've agreed to. We love you. We're visiting teams, whoever you are because we know the dolphins ain't going too far. 5605. I mean, you know, if you had a really good team, I'd say, okay, they're great. If you guys see Super Bowl, I smell deep into the playoffs, I smell something. I smell something. Oh, man, who are you kidding? And the guys on this radio station, I mean, right down the line. Oh, yeah, Jesus, listen, this one man and Jimmy, you know, something, oh, give me a break. It's just another like you said. It's a gate club. They're all taking showers together. They're all a squeeze in the together. Well, here's our good close friend, Tim Smith. Hello. Yeah, hi, Tim. Hi, Tim. Is this Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Hey. I understand you're giving out my home phone number to the world and they've been calling me. And I thought that was your office. Oh, that's why about anybody's home number on here. My home telephone number. We apologize for refusely. Okay. Well, I think you're giving out some or any information. I thought I could call him try to clear it out. Oh, okay, please. You know, I know, buddy, that I know of it. I was talking about any taxpayer funded ballpark before Lauderdale. Yeah. Well, the plans are being floated. They're talking about either a user tax search charge of on baseball tickets. Yeah. Or maybe a penny increased for dollar and the hotel bed tax. You know, hotel bed tax and the current tax that's still tax money that would be raised by the accounting. Well, it may be, but it's it's a it's not a local taxpayer funded effort. And that's what these people that are calling their thinking that we're talking about raising property values. No, I don't know. The bill is never said that. No, it's never said that. Well, they must be, you know, hardy hearing, I guess. And another, but let me say it again, you know, and then the same even though it's in a different newspaper in the hero today is the article schools bursting at the scenes in Broward again and official seriously underestimated the surges students. We've got all these overcrowded schools. We've got all these kids go to schools in portable classrooms and the idea that any politician and day Lord Broward is advocating embracing any kind of tax revenues to go to build a multi-millionaire stadium. Here is now, but I think the thing that what we ought to be doing is raising taxes to get more money to the school board. Is that your opinion? Well, I mean, they know they were already wasted quite a bit of money out there and they're, their budgets billions of dollars regardless if we have a school problem. I don't know that raising taxes to give more to the crystal palaces the answer to either. The crystal palace? That's where a lot of the money is wasted. You know, have you ever visited the school board headquarters there? Are the court held? No. It's about the 15 or 18 story called beautiful marble and grass soil. So another of the words what you're saying is that the politics are so corrupt and so hopeless in South Florida that no matter how much tax money we raise or give to them, we can't improve the schools. That was not how I think that we need to we hope that the till will be more efficient with the tax hours that he gets, but I don't think it has any correlation to try and to put a ballpark into Fort Lauderdale in a very impoverished area to try to have a redevelopment area. I mean, you mean like downtown Miami where the Miami Arena is where they put a ballpark. No, I'm talking about downtown Baltimore. We're came to Georgia as well. We're about to help out. All the way to Lauderdale isn't Baltimore Tim. I mean, the first of all, there is no access. There's no way to get it's already congested. There's no way for the people. There's also a plan for that meal and I wish that I got with you, maybe I could have come on and explain the way I hear the plan developing and they're talking about what do you mean the plan developed? Well, what is that? Another way is that it's already going on. For the sins group that is out there that has brought this plan to the city government. Well, who are these citizens? Well, there are people from the Lauderdale company and people from EdSA, which is Edward Stone and Company and there's a bunch of citizens that just think this would be a great way to redevelop a very impoverished poor hard hit area of downtown Fort Lauderdale. We can't seem to get anything to happen in. So they come to the government. They said, you know, the ballpark is going to land somewhere. It's going to fuse 300 million dollars in the sum area. Why don't we see? It's going to be an fuse that far in the dollar. It's going to be an fuse 300 million dollars. They'll be asking this. Who's going to pay the subsidized the ballpark after it's built? Nobody. It's going to pay for itself. I assume. You assume. Well, don't they always? No, they certainly don't. The ballpark they built the San Diego is going to run nine million dollars a year deficit and they're already saying that before it's even built. Well, you know, we understand most of the ballpark shaking fields and turning fields and turning it all over. This is not clean winter Toronto. As you know, on the other day on the old book, let's let's go ahead and review this thing on the facts. Let's go. Let me go. Let me go. The second is the citizen. No, the nine members here on a scare attack. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Every Saturday property taxes were going to be raised. You can listen to the tapes. Nobody ever told the public that in fact I read from the story that's in the sunset and along page three me today. We're specifically talks about the current hotel surcharge. It's there's nothing about property taxes. People that call me say the day here that I want to raise their taxes and their taxes will not be affected one I owe. Don't know. Let me say it again. Let me make it very clear. I happen to oppose any tax money being used to build a stadium for a multi-millionaire. It's on the top of the people that's your opinion. The people have to understand that what it would mean is a penny per dollar for tourists that come in and stay in our hotel on cents per dollar. And they don't think that. Are you a radio program this morning? They're thinking that it's not on a matter of 30 years. Let me say it again. Not by my radio program this morning. Maybe by their own stupidity. Well, maybe because somebody told them something else, but not to anything that was said on this radio program. I wouldn't listen and so I can't say that honestly. Well, shame on you. What the, you know, I've gotten that. Did you gave my whole number out? Well, I apologize for that. I, I, I, I, I, I, I. I was very popular guy. I, I owe to me and you're saying I asked for your office number. I would never give anybody's home number out and I apologize for that. That's fine. Maybe you can correct that. Get my office number and I'll be glad to call him back. They're not leaving their name and numbers. Some of them they're so furious thinking that their property taxes will rise or call me and hang it up and not leaving their name and numbers. Not just not fair. Okay. What's your office number? Number 761-503. I look forward to calling back each and every focus. I want to know what the plan that's being developed and bring brought to the city government. What people are saying? Okay. Thanks, Tim. Thank you. Okay. There's a four-letter day of City Commissioner Tim Smith. 761-503. That's a right number. Some Jack asked calls here with a home phone. But we don't do that. We don't play that game. But anyway, can we respond to which I appreciate? And nobody ever said that it was going to be your property taxes. But again, you got a lot of dummies out there. You got a lot of very stupid people. It's tax dollars. And I don't care where it's coming from. I don't want to see any tax money use it. And by the way, if the... It sounds really great that the school situation is that hopeless. It sounds like we got the best politicians in money can buy. On that school board, can't get that thing straight enough to save our lives. Man, that's all the more reason I'd like to give more tax money. The politicians can get dittler around with it. And that group of concerned citizens... Hmm. 19-4-1, I sure hope there ain't no special interest involved there. I'm sure there are. Oh. What is play pills for the trade? I'm a dude. I'm a never-do. I'm a never-do friend. I'm a party. Say it in a day. I'm a friend. Well, I'm a never-do. I'm a never-do friend. I'm a party. I'm a never-do. I'm a never-do. I'm a never-do friend. I'm a party. Say it in a day. This is all the pain we call the police. So, the car is made out of climate-sore phones. There are paid for out of history. The red film of Betty and her husband, Barney, bread and her soul days out after the quarry. Will the handle travel to no of the story? Give a scene of it and bam-im, Mr. Slay. And it's great to sue. It wasn't that great. The stop-the car would defeat so much feet and it played the record with a purge big feet. Some days may be forever win the fight. And that's just a stay out for the night. When the boss gets a touch on the purge rear end, he episode eight over inches. We get out of your dick, my free-hist story. Right? So, start on the tube and have a keel. So, have a never-do, never-do. Have a never-do. Have a never-do. Red and party. Say it in a spreading party. Have a never-do. Have a never-do. Have a never-do. Have a never-do. Red and party. Say it in a spreading party. How 45 at 5.60 W to Qm. I just, I don't know what the laugh or cry. You know, I ask a Tim Smith about who's going to pay. Just like the American Airlines Arena. Oh, you don't have to worry. You know, Mickey Harrison's put up all the money, which number one has to lie. But number two, when the Arena winds up losing a chest, which it possibly can. The taxpayers and they'd cut it. The ones are going to have to subsidize it. In a city, that's basically bankrupt. That's a stay-keep threatening to take over. And the same thing will happen there. And all, you know, all this business about wealth and just get to retractable a roof-foot dome stadium. And then we can afford to go out and put together a competitive team. Yeah, like the Orioles and the Dodgers, right? With that $80 million payroll, losing their ass game after game. The people in this time are going to support that? No. No. And then what's going to happen? Then who's going to be left with a rubble there when it turns into a losing proposition? What are you going to do then? Who's going to subsidize it? Jacob's field my ass. This ain't Cleveland, okay? And Toronto, what those just got to do with Toronto, the sky though was Bill and I got them like, but it wasn't building a slum. They didn't renovate any part of town to put in the sky dome. There are no slums in Toronto. And the worst thing that I hear, I don't want to get anybody panicky. These concerns citizens who are getting together, sound to me just like what always goes on in this town. Behind closed doors, they've already got this master plan drawn up where we're going to have all these roads and all the roads will lead to downtown for a lot of dayl to the stadium. That's going to be there. Not to mention all the people who are going to be displaced by the way. If you think that John Henry is going to be the panacea for a Florida deal boy, you got a real thought coming. He's just looking for the biggest sucker we can find. Who's going to give him the best deal? Give him. Who's going to squeeze it out of whoever? He doesn't care where it comes from. He doesn't care whether it's tourists money, your money, who's money. That's all John Henry cares. He's going to make him the best guy they offer. He can't refuse. All this propaganda and bull crap. And let me say this also. If the Broward County school board and the day, if all the school boards there was in NET, as Tim Smith just told us here on his radio show, why aren't the local politicians screaming bloody murder about that? Instead of wasting all their time trying to conserve with his multi-millionaire they help him get a stadium bill. That should be the number one priority is the kids and getting a decent education system that people can be proud of. And having people walking around on this talent likes you bigger than their penis. That's what people ought to be concerned about. Not building yet another goddamn sports facility. Pretty soon we'll have a stadium in a ballpark in every street corner here. Like the frickin' Miami arena. Anybody seen any sporting events there lately? No. How the matter is doing? How's that new WNB-18 doing? Crazy people and their play toys and they want somebody else to pay for it. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. Audio. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, now how you doing? Okay, sir. First of all, that guy should be ashamed of himself for even wasting his time. Discussing the baseball stadium. Second of all, I found out in my life that there's one thing I know and you'll probably agree with this based on some of your dealings at the radio station. As soon as somebody comes running to you with this plan that they've taken their time and energy to work out so that it's going to be wonderful for you. What it really means it's going to be wonderful for them. Right, of course. It's called self-serving. That's it. You shouldn't even be discussing this. Let John Henry worry about the stadium. When you work, go worry about the things you're elected to worry about. And to give me that sarcastic thing about the Crystal Palace and the Brown School Board, I'm meeting over there in Hollywood's hopeless. I mean, what kind of an answer is that? Well, whatever response is that. In other words, there's nobody else who just kind of like left in limbo and the kids are left for whatever crap they get from the school board members. Why isn't he out there instead of calling me about that? Why isn't he on a goddamn local news? Why isn't he being quoted in the newspaper this morning as saying that instead of wasting his time talking about a baseball stadium, it's going to be supposed to save downtown for a lot of deal. Because that's his interest to talk about a baseball stadium and it didn't his interest to hand off the ball about the school system, which they're destroying anyway. Yeah. Do you have a comment? I didn't even call about that, but you had this guy on the spot. You're overall view of the NFL football that's going on his correct and the proof and point was, there were five games available this weekend on TV including Sunday and last night's game and there were only one of them was involved in the school. The small games are all of games available. Well, I mean, if you have the small dish, yeah, but I'm saying, you know, there were five games available over the weekend if you don't have the small dish. And if those five games only one of them was any good, you know, competitive and a pretty well played game. I mean, these guys, how can, how can they be out there since July practicing four hours a day and play like that? How is that possible to call yourself a professional? And then to be getting the kind of salaries that these guys are getting this, this is the thing that really goes me is that professional athletes getting more and more and more money. Nobody can ever give them enough. And finally, thank God this year. Finally, most of the owners in the National Haakele League have gotten together. And they finally decided, okay, we're drawn to line. We're not going to get sucked into that we all lined up drowning in choking in our own excessive salaries. And if you said, no, to a lot of these guys, and if you don't want to play like, you know, like Glenn Say, they said, the micro and Edmonton enjoy your retirement. Okay, that's the greatest line I've ever heard in my life. I hope you enjoy your retirement because a million dollars a year wasn't enough for this kid. And so far specifically on the dolphins, there's there seem to be a couple of guys that are above this criticism and it's this guy go can endomally. They're paying these guys pretty big money these Ryanman and for my money, they couldn't push you out of the way. Yeah, let's go and on with that. Nobody ever talked. It's always, you know, marino or Martin or OJ or this way. It's never about the house saw these guys are don't say OJ that guy will call back. All right, okay, great. Okay, okay, bye bye. Oh, wrong OJ. See, my I know what they give. My initials were OJ, I'm I think about changing, you know, like to a BJ five six seven. Five, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Those VR numbers here. Nobody cares by the way about the year schools, butting at the seams. Nobody gives a crap about that. That's why they aren't including the politicians. Nobody makes any noise about that pretty soon. Like I said before, your kids have been going to school and got them dumpsters. Make no difference. Somebody sitting on that. Let me sit outside at benches. And if it rains, what we're bringing the poncho is like a devol park. Nobody gives a crap about that. The important stuff is baseball. I say, the idea is got support. There you go. That's what it says in your paper this morning. There's an endless supply of money. And so the school problem is money. Well, that's fine. What it is, that's fine. I wore all that money is going and let's do something about it. What do you say about that, Tim? And I'll do other people that got you nose of John Henry's record about that. What about becoming a hero for the kids in these towns in Dayton, Broward County? Instead of running around and conserving with the spoiled brat multimedia here, who's a goofball, who's a silly person. Stand in there in the middle of an empty stadium, counting the fans and you end and pointing them the better seats. What I wanted to choke, what an embarrassment is somebody I know would say. God. Somebody, somebody sent me and thank you by the way, because I had thrown those out. I want to frame those. Those pictures the day that he was in a front page, not just of Dayton Broward, but all three newspapers. And even a Palm Beach post he was on a front page from page in his empty stadium. Looking like a lost suckling. Oh, yeah, how about sitting over there? You're a silly person, baby. You're a businessman. You're a bad businessman. Maybe you got lucky with your commodities investment, but you're a bad businessman, John Henry. You're bought up picking a poke. You bought a bad deal. And now you're expected public to bathe you out while screw you, man. The answer is still. Here's a mobile and dear field, be chill out. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. As far as the dolphin end goes last night, I just really hope the dodge hole is laughing as that's off right now, because Yeah, after the way Jimmy Johnson lobbied his way. I know he said him up for it. Don't forget he said him up. He went out. He went on Fox TV the year before, you know, Schuillard got a can. He goes on there and he said him up. Everybody knew it. Oh, yeah, they got the talent they should have noticed. He set him up for the kill and then he came in and he showed them people here nothing so far. Well, you know, he came back for one reason, right? Because that because this corn has a chance to be special. That's right. Yeah, I guess, like a pedestrian. That's what they're saying in an entry. Well, I guess I've been that lady there. Bear in the same cycle. Okay, but all right. See you. We got a chance. We really got a shot. You know, I look at that and I think I mean, is this man like losing it? Is he just is he having some kind of a breakdown? Is he, I mean, I know it's a promotional thing and he's doing a little bit of acting here, but come on. Get with it. Get real, man. We got a shot. Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Hey, Neil, God. Yes, sir. Are you doing today? Great. Good. I don't know if you talked about it already or what, but about our, our, the highs been candid. Hopefully for peer work. You're about that. Oh, yeah, Peter work. By the way, he got some cheap suits. I guess, huh? They talk about cheap suit. Yeah. Have another guy who will discount there in the, uh, the bookstore. You're getting no questioning. You need it for being a suspect or a witness. They don't know yet. They won't confirm it. Yeah, he's got a highs and candidate here. Looking to sign a big contract in a few months. Yeah, but a little bit of a, but let's face it. That's pretty petty stuff compared to what most of them are. He didn't kill anybody yet. You know? That's egg. You think the Dalvin will draft them? I think if they, if he's found guilty, I think so. I think he's got a good shot. I think he's got a shot. All right. Thank you. Yeah. He's got a shot to be something special to be a special schvartzer. And by the way, what kind of a school has got a guy named Peter work and a guy named work done? Well, look at I've heard of the on war week. Give it to anybody named work. No, no. No, no. Maybe they just, maybe Bobby Bauden just goes after guy named work. I just, I mean, nobody else finds that unusual. Just like extra hip or x-ray hip or whatever that schvartzer's name was. That basketball player. And by the way, we're going to be doing a whole show on that. Very soon, schvartzer's with strange names. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hours. Yeah. Fatherland, too. God. We've been sightings, we've seen. Like the seas, but the sea. But every year we swim in night games. If you were, these eyes, like eyes. They would take your eye. We don't miss. We swim in night games. We look like kids. We're just gonna be blind. We sing a light of just a new light. And we're just gonna be blind. Of the stars. Our age is just being died of pain. We sing in a game. Our biggest friends are 12 year old girls. Who think we're as cute as we be. Yeah. We're thinking of the big, all figured out. We're hiding our late and see. All right. One thing is for sure. We can make sure. We're all about. We think that we can stay. Oh. We'll be in night games. I'll swim with night games. One or three, we believe it. Do we believe it? No. We were married and this was a family настолько Yeah, in the 700 block of Northeast fifth there is I just mentioned that you know rhetorically Just in case anybody knows anyone who owns property in that area 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile-in-port lottery. Hello Neil how are you today pretty good sir? If I can I just a couple of points anything you like man first of all the arrogance is missed just Smith that when when the Issue of clarification came up to the taxation where it would come from as soon as you raised the fact that okay fine I wasn't a property tax issue that was never said This point was well, it's not a property tax as you said we shouldn't count it still cut it's all $10.00 just I've never been able to use no business asking for right already got carnal breaks on taxation In with number two anyone who knows anything about sports teams or franchises Know that when property developers look at issues for taxation like Jacksonville They did a study was even permitted on nightline that if the same revenues were pumping the local water areas for transportation Shipping and domestic there'll be more jobs of a higher revenue scale placed in a more permanent base Then almost below average minimum wage jobs and as you as you're talking about for in quantity baseball Right and And it's even more than that the arrogance of this guy The way he seemed like hey, you know what? Broward they don't do good job with their money anyway So why aren't we entitled to try to take those tax dollars and do something better with it? You're just not and I'll be saying if I'm gonna Anybody who does not get involved with this or not let it happen from a confirmed community that drives what they get right amen Thank you just say no He's pissed off him fired up, baby five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line And did I just read that editorial here or not too many days ago Not an editorial I only wish it was on the editorial page but an article from the op-ed page documenting the fact that Rarely rarely is there any significant revenue well raised By placing ball parks in any of these areas in minimal to non-existent Here's Pambi, Chilo Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I just want to give that stuff even and I got Tim some like a real shfinter muscle And the funny thing about that was he compared Broward kind to Toronto right I mean that that didn't take a second I wonder if he's I should have asked if he's ever been in Toronto All right, and I know the quick question about hockey I haven't had cable because I'm moving as we did date to the broms sign barn to phobon No, that's our problem. I didn't sign him and they didn't sign that they meet Recris it and if you were to see in a way they played in Toronto last night you would have cried and as kid that they played I can't think of his name not talos, but the other goalie they got he played great It was his first game. He ever played in the NHL He stood on his head the Leafs outshot him 16 3 in a first period it could have been instead of four Not though it could have been like 12 enough in Toronto and a broms reading look bad I had big hopes on this year Is it so chanting thunder fallback or he wants four million here there are million dollars apart All right, well that's what it's time Okay, thank you again like the guy said yesterday No, Harry Sinden who is a cheap bastard, but the fact is you still you got to draw the line somewhere because if every sport gets to be the same way in five ten years They're all going to be out of business all you sports nerds out there. You're going to be sitting around playing titally way so playing with each other or with yourselves Because you know, it's not a deal where the sky is the limit. They've already they've already outpriced The majority of the public can't afford these prices to subsidize these these rich illiterate assholes At least the hockey players most of them can speak English except the European players right Terry Murray. Oh, yeah speaking. It's come on 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. That's what we like Terry Murray. He may not have him play it at their best But he's got him speaking English It's gone Terry you idiot Here's some mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello uncle God. Yes, sir. How are you great great show making a big comeback, sir? Sounds good listen did I hear you say a little while back that head till was gonna be on the radio down here. Yes, sir Ed freaking chill. That's right. Isn't that embarrassing another one of people who's just great discovery Yeah, I remember listening that jackass up in Orlando. I'm a hillbilly talk show up there This guy's gotten fired in more markets than any 10 people I know put together and then he was out in LA for a while I heard the worst talk radio I've ever heard Anyways, and it's been regards to that bushy pencil neck deep John Henry. Uh-huh I think you should just reach in his own pocket touch think I don't think you're fine I think but okay. Thank you Just take a look at him. You think there's anything in his pocket. Oh no that deep down in there Maybe it's banking company on his pockets 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line even it's after one a QA Hackelbe out at the cool city of day And then of course we'll have a done a be talking baseball to get you ready for the baseball playoffs at least baseball playoffs I'll be pretty good. How to be pretty entertaining I mean baseball is a very boring sport when it's I mean like last night. Oh that match red games So disappointing. I mean after that tremendous conclusion to their seasons and and the terminal I mean no more content we was over the second batter. Here's a two right home at the end of the game Well, at least the playoffs in the series usually are something to get excited about as opposed to the other 160 two games I want to bang you in the butt honey What would it do if I had or Who you get wrong when I decide how much I think On my get by with this last in my breath I just guys with this last in my friends I don't have to try with this I Where I Listen to my mother free have 35 I Can't buy with this last in my breath I Guess guys with this last in this in my breath I don't have to try with this last in my breath The most important thing Yeah 115 at 560 WQAM And we have an open line somewhere 560 560 560 that's breast by test Tom 560 on the 18 T wireless line So that's pretty interesting news you told me about our new 800 number that's coming the one line Well, you're gonna start slowly, you know, we don't want to overdo it might actually cost him some money Here's sunrise hello Yes, sir. Are you doing it? Okay? I got something very interesting. I got a Sex and it's his handgun control. Yes, it should handguns be outlaws To wepts in there yeah, and it says on there is commission by its 21st century sex OPD and they charge you up 295 a minute to taxes Yeah, what do you know about this nothing? Okay 600 lines is open up all he was on because it was terminal we can understand what he was saying 560 750 560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line Do I know anything about that? No, no anybody know it's the way to know okay just checking Here's a mobile in derail hello Hey, Neil yes, sir. Hey good afternoon and Buenos town of this. Thank you. Well, I'm fine Joe My cellular signal is kind of fluctuating so I'm fine. I'm better at last guy Salah you mean the turlet Yeah, two points I wanted to make one Yes, sir. Like I tell everyone here at work. Why isn't education? Number one right I don't understand a country of dummy is sir. We got a country of functional illiterates and nobody even fine Maybe because they're also stupid. They're not embarrassed by that right and even teachers Have now like a more dangerous job than even the police right You know, so I don't know why education has that bullet to vets for our teachers that'll be next You know and You know like more schools and because I want to know that when I tell 30 now when I'm 70 and 80 years old I want to know that the kids of today in the future are gonna be the criminals You know every the politicians are more interested in in what to do with with Crime now instead of teaching kids educating kids by your You're getting that the politicians that today many of the criminals that did it you're forgetting that Yeah, oh well, then forget what I mean They got they got to worry about their own special interest like I said just a moment to go if I have property in a very depressed area Well naturally if I'm in politics, I'm gonna do everything I can to try to do anything to make sure that The area is upgraded no matter who has to pay for it and you know to to increase it like the hero There's always doing you know, oh they want to stay them downtown They want to do everything down there by one hero Plaza to try to well, you know Reguce their property by you up in that very depressed the slum that nobody wants to go near Right, no one goes to downtown anymore anyway, right unless we're forced to to see Whatever the one-bearing I used to be there. Yeah, that's what you know another the last one I wanted to make is If we want to see athletes play at 100% be at every practice stay out of jail and see the best teams in the history of our lives You do you pay their salary after the season's over Okay Well you could go that okay, I know I know if I get my salary in the beginning of the year for the rest of the whole year I'm gonna make excuses and my job well was gonna go down. I got a better idea for this place I'll take mine all up front. Oh, all right have a great fail. Okay Yeah as a as a bias today. Let's just pay give me a check for next three years. Okay See if I show up tomorrow I tell you one thing I discovered that works real well. Well you tell me not gonna be here tomorrow That works very well all the sudden. Oh my yeah they start to be acting and I was very serious How are they told you you're gonna do the show today? Because you can only push people so far mean you say you know we're drowning over here Man we're dying in a sea of embarrassment and humiliation and psychosis like I said before every guy Damn bowl all I feel better now almost couldn't at the east. That's bad no more eating Can we get any calls on 2020 oh the guys right maybe it was none here It was on you well how come I haven't had one call on it On the atkins died maybe all these people saw Oprah yesterday all the housewives out there Watch Oprah with that hell or die in the reading their macio over and cheese now Nobody cares the fat people don't care the skinny people don't care. Yeah, but just even to work here And he says show your ass away from the table you fat bastards you fat efforts. That's what he said We say fat efforts Is that what it was? Ephers or hefers what would Jesse you never know for sure Love that just even turtle baby I kind of guy and that damn governor and no Mexico governor Gary Johnson That's right Let you guys go go there and kiss his Johnson okay because here's a guy that says drugs should be legalized That the war on drugs is a farce it's a joke and all these propacities in jail like I've told you a million times before and now finally There's a little bit of light a little ray of light Naturally they're gonna try to squash him like a bug because they got to perpetuate their own bureaucracies The DEA and all these other maniacs these lunatics Crazy people go to a civilized place but and here's an example marijuana club opens much you all branch How do you like that? A club selling marijuana for medicinal use open Friday. This is last Friday despite police warnings That the lymphoorce candidates drug laws you think they're gonna enforce no Police said they'll investigate the compassion club, but it'll be up to a crown prosecutor to the side of charges are filed Organizes wouldn't say if there was pot on the premises or if they'd sold any the aid sufferers or those with chronic pain and Relysis similar clubs in this than Toronto and Vancouver, right? How do you like that? Commander Andre La Poin said police feel compassion for people who need marijuana for health reasons even though it's illegal Our mandate is to apply the law and the most humanitarian way possibly said in other words basically look the other way How do you like that? There's smoke and pot openly on the streets of Vancouver's anybody arrested have no Because the Vancouver police airline is we enforce the important laws to protect a public Those are the laws that we enforce We're not here to harass the public like the police in the freaking US of A in that police state United States And that's exactly what this guy did in countries and don't you ever forget it it's a freaking police state We got the marijuana police we got the sex police we got the Parting police what it will be next and this is the sneezing police that'll be next Here's Miami hello Yes, sir. How you doing here? Okay, um two things that real quick neon number one You think what American L. and the renaissance bill you think that Mickey has is gonna go all To offer ball and say can you please come and say the word of the name this better sister here? You know, because that's gonna be next for a eat And by the way, is that a shame that they're having such a tough time saw all those seats Who are you on Zarina? I know right? Neil mama too. I want to the game last night. Neil But I have to be realistic like you say the dolphins have no charge of you how that they have no charge at all And then daily bastard still writes a dance to become saying We have enough to win it Yeah, yeah, we're just still a super ball contender They found what they've played three games they lost they've been a team that is Owen for They be the team that's one that that's one in through our tour one or two whatever they are and and it couldn't be the girl's team Arizona And and one of the what is there claim to fame and they got beat by a team last night that was struggling so bad that you know Embarrassing one with the Neil John Henry you blow Okay, thank you Yeah, I got news for a journey. I could have find no support in this joy I must be crazy. I must be not bleeding the life blood out of this place. I'll tell you right now, okay You're causing lots of grief and so are for us why don't you just pick up your old kid back and move to God damn Where do you want? Wilmington somewhere anywhere Geneva, New York. We don't care. We wish you all the luck in the world just say goodbye John Henry take your horseball organization And stop trying to shove it down our throats Last time I heard it to legal is shove it down our throats especially in Broward. That's what Ken Jennings said That's all oh yeah, I see buddy nevin. He's probably he's probably a push-in for you know, buddy nevin But for Ken Jennings No, what a fascist he is that little prick Poll gives Jenny mixed views. That's right these people in Broward want to strong mayor and I'm all for that too, by the way Let's have a strong mayor who can get something done to kick this school board in the ass again instead of just passing the buck and talking about the crystal palace What a line that was? What kind of a line was that That's why politics. Oh, don't blame me. That's not my job. That's those other assholes done there. They're responsible Among 238 elected Democratic voters pool 42% Supported Peter Deutsch for mayor and 32% Jenny and Jenny says oh I don't put too much in the polls. Yeah, he'll put the hell all along that's all he's been pointing for He wants to be the goddamn thick hit or a Broward County Ken Jennings and don't ever forget it And at the same time you're saying to John Henry be sure to say a big fat Oh Ken Jennings that fascist pig That right wing piece of crap Makes Rudy Julianne. It looks like a goddamn screaming liberal How's the virgin Mary doing by the way? 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's coral spring. Hello You know first I'd like to say you're being much too kind to Ken Jennings. Yeah, does he's even worse than a fascist pig The other thing is the guy who called before with his brilliant plan to pay athletes at the end of the year Baseball players are paid twice a month Football players are played paid once after each game. Yeah, so it's not like they receive all their money upfront right now Why do I turn on WQAM at noon? Here you yeah Why do people go to ball games to see the players? These are the stars of their show just like you're the star of your show and They deserve whatever the market will bear just like whatever the market will bear for you And I think that Professor Don't make a comparison doesn't cost you anything to listen to this program Well, but I pay for it in the cost that are passed on of the products that are bought that I buy from your spawns You you and I mean we appreciate it if you subsidize the spot. This video have to there's no requirement that whatever cost you would die To listen to this program. Oh, I agree I don't think that the team should be subsidized don't get me wrong. Yeah. Don't get me wrong I'm not calling for that. I wouldn't pay two cents to give John Henry a stadium for this piece of crap Ball club that goes here, but the point I am trying to make is that I would be in favor of Players having a limit on how much they can make when there's a limit placed on how much the owners can make on their investment The players are investing their lives. I mean look at the end where you know the poor guy can barely walk He's invested his blood sweat tears his body when he's done playing. He's gonna have to have his knees replaced and Got only knows he probably can't even bend over to pick up his kids Yeah, that's it back. Yeah, and Wayne I think my daughter is money Now just like I think it deserves the return on his investment Marino deserves the return on his invest. Yeah, whatever the market will be I'll let me ask you something You know speaking of Marino return and I'm a big damn Marino fan I think he's a great guy and one of the all-time greats, but remember when we public industries first came out When the stock first came out. Yeah, Danny Marino was one of those people that was on the inside him and She will have a couple of others of Wayne's buddies to be able to buy it a three dollars a share and it went up to like 40 eight For what I would you like the opportunity to do that you bet I would yeah How come we didn't get that chance because we're not one of the people on the inside? Why is it that a few weeks ago when We put out What healthy on stock went public and it went public at 14? I couldn't buy it until it was up around $60 a share because I went on the inside of that delete right So but I don't share your tremendous So sympathy that you feel for these guys most of these guys are making enormous amounts of money tremendous percentage of them have minimal education. Oh, I agree. Yeah, however You can be on the radio until you you can't speak or fart anymore, right? Those guys can only serve lucky be ball players for five years. They've got to make one in while it's good five years if they're lucky eight ten years Yeah, well, no the average career Are you talking about football players football baseball is well Not five years now. Yeah, I'm telling you. I don't believe that it's factual Okay, you can get it from the commissioner's office. Yeah. Well, yeah, but you get a lot of Farfer in the question is office. Yeah, average career So what are you saying that to the skies the limit whatever where the market will bear is what they should be getting that's correct I'll turn it over as if because they're the ones that the fans come out to see there the ones Well, I guess what the fans are coming out to see okay That's the point pal. The fans aren't coming out to see that's why you got empty seats people on a body American Airlines So we need to get that's why they don't want to buy all the seats in the yet to set it because they've already outpriced themselves And if you took the corporate seats the sky boxes and all the big with if you took the seats that they buy out of there How many people how many like average mom and pop the real fans who give their support their emotional and tangible support how many of them could afford to go there? I just want a puke 128 is five 60 Q amp Fred and say cheese This is learning to spell with Don L. I be Don L Jackson and today we're gonna spell the word money Tell it with me now money M o M e Y now let's use it in a sense when I finish playing basketball Monty shall get this this is learning to spell with Don L. I be John L. Jackham Call me 50 dollars 1.33 at five 60 W here. Let's take up a collection okay. I'm so emotional from that last guy and I you know I let him go on like an extra two minute. So I extended the break there because I thought he was gonna say something I'm just want to go on the streets and take up a collection for all these poor jocs because I mean they put all their sweat out there and their energy and their effort and they're making Tetic great contribution to society and they can only play for five years and make three four six million year, you know How many people in this audience are gonna make three million dollars in their lifetime? Let's see if you work from the time you're like let's say 20 to 65 okay 45 years right And if you average let's say you average during those 45 years you were working the average might be what 80,000 60,000 kind of work we're talking about all right 60,000 30 that's that's what is that? Is that possible? Is my math wrong? Let me do it again. I'm very good at math 30 2.7 million in a lifetime Is that right? Is that sound right to you? Talk about having such a problem with this my math. I'm brilliant at math. It's the only thing I know is math 1, 2, 3, 4 Ernie Yeah, 2 million seven hundred thousand dollars in a lifetime That these guys are gonna want to make three four million dollars in a year for in out any year in a few months And then of course after after they get done plan and their knees give out in all these terrible things happen Then they can go and become a start preaching like a Reggie White We're like you've had your holy moly field. There's a guy course he ain't playing that kind of sport, but nevertheless In your entire lifetime there are a lot of you who are gonna make what some of these guys are gonna make in one year for being dumb jocks for signing an X on a contract somewhere And as far as let me see it again as far as what the market will bear they pass that long ago long time ago Take away like I said before to break all the corporate in the skybox and the big money seats you have a god squad Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Oh, Neil yes sir. Oh, okay my battery died a couple things never go on the lucky. Yes, sir If the guys they can 50 grand a year and 30 year careers gonna make a million and a half dollars right 30 years All right, so your medium of 80 or 60 or whatever number of your using that's not realistic I mean guys gonna make a million and a half dollars and 30 years of work But that's not what I call the vibe. I call about the education factor. You know this guy tends to that bottom line is is that You know if they want to improve the broadward schools Why don't they put up penny sales tax for the school? No, he he says we've already got enough money the money isn't the problem. It's those bozos in the crystal palace the school board members They're the problem now Let me I've got two children. I live in Broward I've got two children. They're 11 year old twins. I have they both got a different school right because I have one child that go to a good school Because he qualified by Gray dot and Carl Spring and I other child qualified for the normal school Which is when my school district now the one child who goes out to the school and Carl Spring But I'm not gonna name names, but this child has books not only at school But also books to bring home now my other child has no books to bring home Now you go into two schools which I did recently on an open house night and the one school and call spring as Computers everywhere right my son got two computer classes and even sixth grade my daughter on the other hand has no computers in any of our classes These are both Broward County school right now where the parody here I mean you talk about lunches. They lunches, you know, I got when I was in school You know if they're late the lunch Wasn't good we brought it all lunches that wasn't a big deal, but the bottom line was was what's available in the schools? And I have one school that's got everything in the other school that's got nothing and they're both the same gray. Yeah You know and on consumable and the idea that we got kid going to school in portable Classrooms is so nauseating and so grow test to me and if there is enough money, which we're always here And oh there's enough money nobody wants to pay any more money for schools down here Well if that's the case then why do we have like a major scandal here? Why don't we have like a major house cleaning and investigation and find out where all the money is being mispent? Well, you know, there's a car a couple days ago and I try to get through and I couldn't get through But the guy was talking about the school districts and and that you know If we raise taxes and all this stuff, you know, whatever happened to the lottery money It wasn't a question of it. It's not so much how much money is raised is where it's going Yeah, if we raise the you know taxes and to pay for school This one thing okay, but what they do with the politicians do is they take the money Deverted from one form of government to another form of government and the school boards get the same amount of money year after year And then money gets converted somewhere out You know, I mean if people really cared about the kids they would raise taxes and make that Manus or you know something if people really cared about the kids then both those papers the hero lens on Sentinel will be running big Big articles every day like and instead of writing articles on the front page about who's buying the marlins and We're John Henry wants to lose state if they be running big big sections every day about where the money is being misped How much money? I mean needs to be raised to build a guy damn kind of schools that we need and that that's what we'll be reading about instead of Oh gee, we're just poor John Henry want us to build him a stadium and how are we gonna find a money to do it for him? I have a great day and thanks including the editorial read editorels and both those papers all it enhances the quality of life Much of bullcraft you're pedaling crap you guys at the newspapers that's your specially That's what you do and what you know the best Be crazy. I must be not exactly You're pure on adulterated pedares of crap make no mistake about it One page here. Oh, yeah the schools are bursting at the seams and here's another story. Oh, yeah, we're trying to find a way to get Baseball stadium idea has support That's you're gonna get the kid to good education isn't huh? That's gonna get those kids out of those overcrowded guy damn porta potty What about the hell it is that they're in? Man, I've said you want thing and you can take it to the goddamn bank like Wayne said if this country Doesn't have its priorities upside down then my name is goddamn john Henry got forbid That's our poll question by the way. Can us must macho Patrick Henry or john Henry Patrick Henry said give me liberty or give me death john Henry says give me 300 million dollars Talk dirty to me There paints I don't think I'm lacking anymore You used to watch me shave now you do stare at the floor Don't dare penis. I don't have to move in Did you please you and me a paper towel in a dirty man That's all we needed to get back Now it's things things to change that I think that you're the one doing their things I don't back He's saying they're running I don't think I'm I When you get to drink Keep looking at places I've never been the boss there I don't Why can't we just get a grip on our man the hand release Time to turn for truly how it feels If we put our hands together We just stay home forever I got a hat Some last girl Oh W W Here's a message to the impudent normal can okay, don't call us we'll call you bug on 560 like we don't have enough other stories around here with a hysterical norma can't just go You know smokes and dope get out of here. Here's a mobile and pop a no hello Mobile and pop a no Yes, no, yes, sir Hey, you are we fashion a dolphin It only lost one game It ain't the season ain't over. Yeah, how they play in the other two games. So what who did they play one who did they play? They want okay, they won they what you're an asshole man. They won they want does that make you feel better? I bet he's squeezing it right now. They won they won See why can't you just be objective? Why can't you have a brain? Why can't you watch the game? See that your team is a disaster. There's something special all right Special case They're the same old tyrux you old you airbie you're we're gonna have a run-in game and Cecil the diesel He's gonna be the best X-con we ever had in the running in the back feel all this other book full craft baby bull crab bull duty full duty And you got to be able to see that you've got to be able to understand that not listen to all the hype that goes on on his radio station Because it's in the self interested the people are saying these things They barely beat a girl's team. They struggle life in death to be the girl's team And again the Jake plumber through four interceptions and and they still barely want to game anyway No, but they won. They won. Okay great. Okay. Yours is bigger in mind and probably that's true and you know what you're still an asshole Here's four lotterdale. Hello Any else yes sir. I heard you before talking about how much the so-called dumb jox make yes, and I just had a question for you You're a big fan of the back door boys. How much did they make last year? How many of your records you buy? How many of their records am I buying? Yeah And so what does that got to do with you? Well, what it has to do with me is you're complaining about what ball players make Which I like ball players? I like the games. Yeah, like the ball players necessarily Yeah, like the games how much is it cost to buy a CD 15 bucks. Okay. How many how many tickets can you buy to go see a football game for 15 bucks? No, I don't know what the price. Oh, okay. Well, coming back when you find out what the prices are still will have an intelligent conversation sir How can you I have our discussion when you don't know what it costs the public to go out and subsidize You lend their tangible support to their team How can you have it until the conversation when you have no information? The back street boys guess what I can hear the back street boys all day long, okay? Doesn't cost me a dime I Can watch the videos on MTV doesn't cost me a dime And you know something maybe the answer is like they did after they ruined harness racing into New York like in yankers Almost nobody in a stand. Well, I'll do OTV everybody else stay home and watch there won't be anybody in the stand They'll just pump artificial a crowd noise in They'll just put cardboard cutouts in there and If it rains, they'll put like little rubber raincoats at the cardboard cutouts, so put ponchos on them And Everybody can stay home and watch the games for free the only problem is if that would happen Then they would start putting it on pay TV and it would cost you to watch it You'd have to pay even if you don't want to go attend it This guy's comparing rock stars Entertainment people whose music you can buy or not buy or listen to or not With athletes In addition to which I don't think anybody's asking us to build a goddamn stadium So the back street boys can go perform there Recording our stars they come to communities and they perform in whatever facilities whatever venues are there Nobody builds a goddamn place so that Arrowsmith can come as much as I like them or anybody else Kind of you like that sir in In addition to which I hate to break the news to you but big pop a got all the money Okay, all those early years up until the last year big pop off there who manufacturers all these boy groups he got all the money You'd be embarrassed you'd be him humiliated you use them as an example Those five kids Who by the way got more talent each and every one of those five kids and they're little finger and more intelligence Then most of the jocks that you're worship and pal but worship whoever you want You know get on your hands and ease and and suck their recto whatever you like whichever body part to and John But don't insult the public by saying go to cost you 60 and 80 and 100 bucks To go watch a horseball sporting event like last night and Today we got all these people all I had a good double one guy at least he was honest there were some you know large breasted women in the 405 there. There you go