Sports radio 560. Now that you QAM, my amyport Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower. Oh! Count five 60 on yourself all the opinions of Neil is gas callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley weed acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM, where is Nelson? Oh! Oh! When I saw the doubt to be with, I really may want to die. Oh! She did a lovely show only not my mind, Mr. Salved in the last one. I'm just a little hungry, bye-bye. She worked a ball, Toma Cachand, a call. She said that I'm too brave. I really had it, Mr. Chief, that adding, she's up her rock bag. Robb is my bye-bye. Oh! Oh! She's done it again at all, she's invited. Oh! Oh! She's done it again at all, she's invited. All the way to the city of China, she's invited. Oh, right! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! God, were you done with the city of China? Bye. I said, hey. That's wonderful. But I'm going. Oh, okay. But you all said that got too dark and nice to me. Oh! Why are you? One of my friends. Guys, do you love me? I mean, absolutely, positively freezing like the end of the world, like the ice prints and prints that are coming to visit. Well, that was last night on the plane. Well, let's say that's there for later. And I don't know about you, but I'm one of those people. I like it. Cool when I sleep. I can't stand a hot room. It can't sleep with a crap in a hot room. Like it, cool, but just right. Like between, I would say, 71 and 74. It's now to 69. Well, that's another story. I got a real problem, David. I wake up in the morning and get scratching in my throat, too. That's all we can longer. I've been fighting it off and fighting it off and the intestinal meal, that whole thing. I don't want to get too graphic, but oh, that crazy, sickening feeling like, oh, yeah. God. And then you want to sit and I'm going to play next to somebody that's got walking pneumonia. Or will get into that, like I said, later on. I mean, I could spend the whole four hours talking about this John Henry crap even though I wasn't here. I saw it. And I did Hank make a mistake on that. That was that was that was it. That was not here this weekend. What was the deal? Because I heard him on Friday, when I left you, he said, I'm going to have a press conference at four and scoop this stupid press conference at John Henry. And he did give locations out. And I heard him talking about that. And was there a mistake in there somewhere? Because I just heard the worst thing going on about the hero making a point of saying that Hank made a mistake and he got it wrong. And Yadie does not let us have a crap. And the homer, the homer, don't make no mistake. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know. I don't know what to say. But even so, he showed up to Henry for what he is. A phony, a faker. And see, this is the way these things always materialize. Now, we're going to talk to this. It was materialized. Guys like this guy come along and they have the hoodspa to lay this stuff out. I liked that over here. But if you put it over here would be good and they just plow right along as if it's a theta complete. It's going to happen and it would be a bit over here. When you think is it good over here and are you guys going to give me any money for? Can you come up with a bit of idea as we need it and it's going to happen? Do we need it? No. Is it going to happen? No. Now, we're going to tax money. You didn't. Not in Broward. I'll tell you that baby. Our vote six million times if I have to. What? Hank had it all right. The morning said he didn't. Oh, so Hank did have it right. And the Marlons tried to make him look bad. Okay. Because there are a bunch of pixel and assholes who want you people to come out and subsidize their bullcraft little league product out there and tell you all about two or three. You don't that reminds me of how about a few open up a restaurant? And you say, okay, now the previous owners here five years ago, the food was really sensational. Now we can't afford to bring that kind of food and that kind of chef in here. So for the next two or three years, the food is really going to suck. It's going to be some of the worst you've ever had. But if you come in and subsidize us, we'll have enough money so that in about three or four years, then we can expand and bring in a great chef and bring in some of the best quality meats and stuff. Yeah. Any takers? No. Anybody coming into buy that swirl? No. No. I mean, let's face it when a competitive order you're selling a product, whether it's entertainment, whether it's a wallnuts, whatever it is you're selling a product. And when you tell a public up front, the product's going to suck for two or three years. The product's going to say, oh, well, maybe if you're still around in two or three years, go, let us know what it's good. And maybe we'll come back. Maybe instead of this bull crap about, well, it's really going to be bad. And if we can win, you know, 60 games, it'll be great. If we can win 61 games, wow, you know, stuff like that. And people are saying, oh, good luck to you, okay? Good luck to you and you little league bull crap here. And then of course, luck tonight. Tonight, the big, the big come on is, here's the guy we just traded away. That's such a big attraction to come on and see. And he's pitching. Not for us against us, but never let's he'll be there. That's the red. That's the Marlins pitch is come out and see, leave on. Maybe we can bring an Elton John this thing, I think, I think, it costs too much money. Come on, see, leave on. He's pitching for the other guys, but it'll be great. And of course, we'll have that game right here on QAM, which we'll lose in the rest on it. By the way, should I do an hour on Todd Dreck to the target start with my Nelson stuff? Congratulations, Todd. That's only the first of many. For I predictably, I know what you're catching on right down the old crap. Or, of course, you can't tell the people the power that's been here because they know it all. They know our sharp sales hole in AC one. They know their wreck. Believe you me. In fact, that's their expertise is in the area of wreck. So nice going, Todd, congratulations, Sue. And I'm sure you see, this is what happens when you don't bring this cop. That makes any sense. This is what happens boys and girls when you can't do a job for the people that are paying a lot of money out there. Who would like to get some response? They're not buying advertising because they like my haircut because they like my shoe size because they think I smell nice. They're not doing these things. They're not buying the advertising because they like the salesman's personality. And in this case, that's for damn sure they'd like to get some results. But don't confuse these people with that because then you're starting to probably get in the course we know that doesn't go over real big here at QAM, which is a great place to work. And I'll mistake about that. The checks keep clearing every two weeks, but other than that. So before I would go ballistic on a whole junk and everything, I want to go, I've got a story after the break. I just, I don't even know how to begin it. This is the most bizarre thing. I'm trying to think through all the years and I've been alive for about 200 years. All the things that have happened in my life, this is the most bizarre, the most inexplicable, the most unacceptable, the most, I don't even know a word for it. Experience. In fact, so bizarre that my drive in fact, your costal was something that he's had this happen before. To me, after all years I've been driving this the first time this has ever happened. We've all, you know, drive in late the night, you get sleepy, long, long distance drives, you know, whatever you're coming in three in the morning, it's real late. And you're fighting, nodding off. We've all had that almost falling asleep at the wheel, hopefully not going over the edge. I've had that before. But I've never in my life had a drive where I've been on a road. I remember going from my international airport to the 836 going to the Palmetto and going north of the Palmetto, 120 fifth, which is the I 75 exit and going toward home on I 75. I remember the first car in the left hand lane got out of the way he was going pretty slow and I remember passing him. The next thing I remember was pulling off on the sunrise boulevard in plenty of acres. Everything that happened between the beginning of I 75 and arriving at, it's like it never happened. I'm serious. I have never had that happened before in my life. I was so preoccupied like, what was this? You know, what just happened here? You know, with the bizarre experience, which I will relate in glory detail. Oh, I will. Because, you know, there are some people in the world that are just not worth getting worried about and there's other people at the, well, I'll get it with. I'm going to chat to 10 at 5. 60 WQA. I'm on Earth. Dick. We get Gallup Paul. Dick's and not only. See, the movie's out now. And of course, there, and see, this is great for the media. Now that we can celebrate the anniversary of Watergate, does anybody give a flying crap? Oh, lots of freaking watergate? No, not anymore. We don't want to hear about it. We don't want to know from it. We don't want to hear the G Gordon-Litty. Do we? No. No. But now they got something to hang their head on. And so now we're just surrounded by Dick. We got a movie named Dick. Rex Reed loves Dick. And here's a Dick and Pat on our screen right now. I hope the guy says there they go. There goes Dick. 10 past 10 at 5. 60. He lived up to his name anyway. Where it's self. Ever wonder what happens to four skins once they've been sniffed? Well, what's the clipping is done? Those incredibly strong little helmet covers are sent to the four skin factory, where they're made into some of today's most innovative product. Here, for instance, we have a wallet. And while it looks like an ordinary wallet, just give it a quick rub and you have a briefcase. But that's not all. Just rub it a little while longer and you have a suitcase. Our amazing technology allows us to make many fine-forced skin products for everyday use. Look at this watchpan. A quick rub and you have a new belt. Finally, our most amazing new product is this new car. Yes, forced technology has come this far. This new car fits for comfortably. But what if the in-laws are coming to visit? Just a quick rub down with warm baby oil and... You've got a full-size van for more information on our incredible forced skin product. Call 1-800-Cold-Dip. Call within the next 10 minutes and receive a free pair of our one-size-fits-all running shoes. 10-15-5-60-W-2-Q-M. So where do I start with this store? Maybe I should have Joe Tella's story. Actually, yours story was better than mine, but I think it was. Joe Castell was told me about his grandmother being on a plane. How long ago was this? Four or four months ago? Wow. By the way, is he screwing up both of the spots in there because I may have to change that letter on? So anyway, four months ago, Joe Castell was grandmother, so who's what about 110 years old? And probably from the old country? X-RQs? Well, anyway, so she gets out of plane going somewhere. And she's sitting there now, was this in coach? I'm assuming, right? Not a first class, not use slippers. So anyway, she's sitting under a scene in coach and she's got her luggage up in the overhead. She's all settled in G-150 years old. And she's a little nervous about flying anyways. Most old ladies are. And a lot of young people too. A lot of, well, not a lot of say, everybody who is afraid of flying is a pussy, but most of more. So anyway, she's all settled in. And there are these, there's this couple who, you know, evidently, they've got their seats laid. That's the price you pay when you get your seats laid. You can't always sit together. With your husband, your wife, your girlfriend, your boyfriend, all of the above, you sometimes get separated. Now, how long of a flight was this? What were they going? Fun jersey to hear. Oh, from here from Jersey to hear. Oh, well, well, that was, but you didn't tell me that part. If it was in Jersey, explain to all those scumbags around the plane. Got. Man, so anyway, they go over and they ask her, I guess, very nicely. You know, where my wife is over there. And we would like to sit together and would you mind moving? So we get out the two seats together. And she said, yeah, I'm in. He mind. She said, my stuff has already put away. I'm already a little bit nervous. I would prefer not to have, you know, go through the whole thing all over again. I'd like to stay here. And the response is, you, F and old bitch, no good. There, yeah, whatever else. And just absolutely heap every kind of, uh, disgusting, rotesc, Exploative on this poor old lady in the history mankind, just because she don't want to move. Why is it that people assume that every time you ask them to move, that they'll say yes. I have seen times when people have said, no, I'm sitting here because I want to win those seats. You know, I got to see the million years in advance and I paid money for it. I'm on a sit here. I mean, so many little, you know, whatever, but nevertheless, that's their prerogative. You pay something. You got to write this it there. And now not only does the husband and wife attack poor Joe's grandma, but now the people sitting around there who witnessed this little confrontation. Now the rest of the flight, you know, measure all old bitch and whatever else they were saying, which we can't repeat on here. You, Yeah, how do you like that? I didn't see you next time. Who's that on the bat line? Hello. Do you want to go see good morning? George in here. I wanted you to get with it. George is on vacation. Who's in North Carolina with the other guy. Why don't you get with it? What do you want? I wanted to say hello. What do you want? Last year. I wanted to tell you, I'm so glad you called. I had a spy report on your appearance on Conan O'Brien. I was good. Yeah, you were good. I hear that they shine. You want a website. Here's a man who gets down on his hand and knees for a no-talent cuts like Conan O'Brien. And get this tongue out and he's doing things that we can't even say. It can't even figure much less say. And then he gets shine on his website, which is the only reason you went under. I did everything that you did when you private life. Why don't you admit already that you would have wanted to keep giving me all sex all the time. I don't admit that. You think that you were a little odd. And you're very good. Kind of fair food. Kind of fair food is all I need. Hey, hey. So the right thing is to do like the head, don't you? Yeah. The color red was great. But you're changing the subject. I don't know. But I guess you were young with Howard yet second his ass. Yes, I'm the 20th. How did that? I mean, I didn't know what you were competing with you. I only, I don't know what you were thinking. Listen, I don't have to worry about competing with me. We're doing just fine. Okay. And I don't know. Fumbling, I'm going to run away. We're doing just fine. Hey, I suck up to you. We even better than Howard and Conan. Yeah. I've been setting up to you for the 20 years. I do have a smaller piece. You have to admit that. It's okay with trying me out. I don't even know you're in. Like a button. I don't know. You're a little bit. You have to see the credit line I gave you. I don't know what. Under second hand, we're based on the launches. No, I wouldn't see that. It's just something. It's in the second hand. I give you credit. Whatever. Don't mind. I can't. No one ever gives you credit. I gave you credit. That's true. That's true. You know, he has changed the subject. I guess you're going to win. I don't know. I don't know. I'm a male muscle. I admit it. How did you Howard? How did you and Howard hit it off? I saw. I don't know. I don't hear about you. So this year, I don't want to hear about you. I don't want to hear about you. I don't want to hear about you. Well, that's nothing new. He had wonderful grace. He was wonderful. I loved it. Yeah. But no. I gave you credit. Please look it up because no one ever gives you credit. They steal from you. At least I said based on you. You're going to start with changing the subject. So I guess maybe you're holding days or over. That we're trying to say. No, we're going to bed if you're fine. I really don't. I'm like that. It says in the bottom of the head. Like I said, I love how gold seeing it says in the bottom of the full cover head. And the August 9 issue is through magazine. Thanks to Neil Rogers who gave me the ball to run his Santa Algo's thing. Well, that's sweet. That's really sweet. Did nice stuff. And then you want to know. No fish with that's a zero, I guess. Okay. I just wanted to say hello. Let's you know what town if you want to abuse me. Yeah. I don't want to. I don't want to. When you come to our next. What? When to Holland next. Not too far in the distance teaching a couple of weeks. You think problem please. Okay. I will. I'm going to leave all kinds of direct all over the place. I'm going to share fish with you on the walls and on your mattress all over the place. Is it the last one and the end I swallow. Okay. Right. See. Oh, my god. Look at that. He actually gave me a little credit in the bottom of the set. That's great. And of course, I handle one of him the balls. But you notice during that entire conversation. He never answered the question. Only because he put my name on the bottom of the set. See I'm easy to. Just like George that sell out. You know, I want to think about George. Now that he's on vacation. Let's rip him for a while. You know. Seriously. I mean, what has happened to him lately. I noticed that he sits. He's got a new deal now. Ever since George started filling in me on the of when I go on vacation. He's got a whole new deal now. Like this show a secondary. It's the Christian science reading room in their while I'm on here. He's either reading screw magazine or he was reading new times or sitting in the last week. And he kind of like sitting off to the side. Did I want to say? You follow my drift. And I'm looking in here pretending he's paying attention. I'm talking about he's like sitting off to the side. And I see green lines flashing and George is now. He's in his own little world. And he's also got this new campaign where he's not. He's busy with the phone company. He spends more time dealing with the phone company and that yellow legal patahist. He does answer in the calls for the show. You know what I'm talking about? And the interesting part is most of the calls that he's tracing and reporting. Get the all or say aren't calls that have to do with me. They're calls from people attacking him. Yeah. Well, I'm doing the show. I'm not talking about what he's filling in. I'm talking about while I'm doing the show. And if somebody you and I will sell out your little spectra. What he's on his star 57 star 69. He's on a full with Southern Beltsor. He's got the little yellow legal patahist. He's going to shot. Yeah. And you know it's true. You see it every day. He I got news for I could sit in here and just make no noise. No noise at all. I could make no sound at all for three four minutes. And he wouldn't notice because he's got the monitor down anyway. Because he's busy. Hey, I got what I'm here to call the ass. I'll spit. You know, whatever. Yeah. You know it's true because he's become he's become a celebrity now. Create another monster. He's a monster in a goddamn fill in the world. Whatever the whole world he's in. I mean, don't get him wrong. We like George. And that is much of the use. He's great. But nevertheless, he needs to be brought back to reality a little bit. He's this vacation came at a very good time for I hope it clears out his brains. There are North Carolina. Maybe he and Mama Seeth will have a little reunion. Little meeting of the minds. Maybe she'll slap the taste out of his mouth and bring him back to reality a little bit. So anyway, getting back to Nelson. Well, here's somebody on a pay phone and call Springs. Hello. Any on the hour. When you go to the. Listen, what you're saying about your little lots of time episode on the first way there. Yeah. You're just going to be really with that. I had a similar experience a few years ago. I was working late at night. And it's the most. Of third, the most scary feeling you ever have when you realize what is just happened. I mean, I'm not exaggerating. I thought this is never driving for 40 years. And I've never had that happen even for like a block. I mean, you know, I mean, sometimes I pay that much attention. But at least you have some kind of subconscious awareness of going from point to point B. But in this case, I remember passing at one car. This is the beginning of I 75 and the next thing you know, I'm pulling. I'm stopping at the stop sign. We're 75 in the summer. I said, you in it on the semi. I said, I'm thinking to myself, how did I just get here? Now, do you remember closing your eyes at all? No. Okay. Because I was out near you. Yeah. My experience after I was working night about four years ago. And I just got knit and the guy that was supposed to come in after he didn't come in. So they woke me up at two in the morning to go to Papa. I remember driving out 5.95 and remember getting on 9.95. I remember looking up at the sign of the Broward Boulevard, Jack Mile. Right. And I was at a far left lane. And my eyes are so heavy. I said, okay, I'm going to close it just for a second. Just for one second. Yeah. I was thinking I would open my eyes through the sign at Atlantic Boulevard one mile in the right lane. Well, what does that mean? I have no idea. I must have swept the entire car. I'm not going to let you not crash. How did you come to have it pop? I have no idea. I have no idea. No idea what happened between Atlantic Boulevard and Broward. I had no recollection of it. Instantly. So they realized what happened. I was awake. Our stock guy is just, it was off the surf feeling. I've ever had. Hmm. Well, I've had that we both survived it. I'm glad you're here. Okay. Thanks. Don't do it again. Not a good idea. I don't know what the maybe there's a name for that. Maybe the shrinks have got some kind of a name for that. Driving while under the influence of us, I coasts. I have no idea what that's all about. But very, very scary experience. Almost as scary as how I get into it. I'm going to see I'm so good at this man. So good at taking something and just giving a little tease out there at the beginning and then milking it. Even Tom Green can't milk it as good as I can. All he does take a bit of a pint. How young is too young? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And he is my boy. Who doesn't kill theOOO There will be so good. The agencies wait and that was bomb and I will just right his name or the colon. What you're trying to measure, hope you've got that time alive. But you told them, Please come imagine, hit on einen. And maybe a game to talk about first kid will be at all light. Whether they believe it or not even headlights seem that even alive. And then died, either they'd put didn't dying They'd chce, be a half a feminine guy. Or even another Leyva comes on a complex thing. Okay, but not leave a card to come up. We are the feminine guys. feminine guys. Feminine guys. Feminine guys. Feminine guys. Feminine guys. Feminine guys. Feminine guys. That's pretty 2-5-60 W. I'm going to ask you a shout-out to whom Mr. Jamison is that way you be saying Mr. Jamison is a good guy. Not really the Carl Jamison of harness racing females. He's going to say no Canadian maybe? No. Jody Jamison. No. But anyway, let's shout-out a shout-out. Also, I want to give a shout-out to my good friend, but I'll do it later. Don't let me forget in the 1 o'clock hour. My son, Sentinel lady, who does- she does the paper. She sells him on a corner of Navhill in 595. Navhill and she's a wonderful lady. I saw this morning and she was- see there are some nice people out there. I have to keep reminding myself. Not everybody down here is crazy, okay? Not everybody down here is eccentric. Everybody down here is paranoid and uptight and bizarre. But this experience I had last night. Seriously, I don't think I'll ever be able to put it in perspective if you follow what I'm saying. It's just so bizarre. Even Rod's certainly, even Alfred Hitchcock wouldn't find the words to explain it to be able to put- I just- and of course, does it really mean much? No. Doesn't matter what hella beans. Doesn't matter what pile of crap on your backyard thing, you know? Isn't. By the way, it's interesting. You- you think there's at the Sun Sentinel, they're writing about all-in-ten Texas, and they're $134 million here. They're $191 million stadium and the Brewers $295 million stadium. Oh, the only problem is that here we're talking about a $400 million stadium. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. 400 million. A rich, we only have to come up with 80% for this good guy. That's all. You know, you're gonna tell you something when this thing gets on a ballot, and it will- you think the penny sales tax took a big dump, you ain't seen nothing yet, baby. You ain't seen nothing yet. That's right. Oh, you think 68 to 32 wasn't too close. How about 98 to 2? Sounds interesting to me. That's only if John Henry and the people from the Sun Sentinel and Harold vote a bunch of times. Because they're the only ones that seem to be in favor of it. Plus a couple of one-kid sports nerds that call this station. $400 million to build a billion. Oh, I could help the little them shop, but of course it won't be very big. It won't be very big, yeah. And it won't be very good. And we can't make very much money until you will have a crappy team. More blackmailed by billionaire orders bill it for me and do it this way and where I want or, et cetera, et cetera, it's so on. So I'm like, getting back to my story. I could- I could sit here and do the whole four hours on this journey and we crap because the answer is, oh, no, forget it. Hank had a great call on Friday. At least that was the driving the airport. He had a guy's- All these people are calling in. Hank is making the announcement of the very the six different proposed sites or John and me saying, well, how about here? Well, how about over there? And Hank gets the story right as opposed to what the Harold said. And after I hear all these people sucking around, well, I think this one's pretty good. And that was good. And the guy calls it an outdated the best place for the Emarlin's to move. Washington, D.C. Oh, and I was high-fiving myself and the caller in the car. I was playing grab-ass with myself in the car. I was so excited to hear that. Nice going, sir. Whoever you are. We'll pack in a guy damn sandwich. Well, I have Chuck White over on a corner here. He's posted this statement. Well, I have Chuck Pack on a whole bunch of sandwiches. They can put him on a bus. As they head up to D.C. They got a lot of spare money up there. You know, they got no crime. No good education. No poverty. No poverty. Yeah. Send him to D.C. See how well they do up there. Of course, probably not to have several more shows on the team, but that's OK. So anyway, getting back to my story. Well, let me take some calls first. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm going to be right on the money with the John Henry. What a man, yeah. Right on the money. I mean, he sounds like he's, you know, like a, he needs to tell me to help him out. Uh-huh. You know, so we're going to get Jim and Ray, we can make a retirement. We can call him, Jen Clarks, to got to miss Poha. We'll get him all together. That's what he did. Oh, we did a week attempt to solicit money. And it seemed like it was in conjunction with the sunset and all. Oh, yeah. The sunset. I already had net a tour last week, and now that the horses out of the barn, the catch out of the bag, oh, bring them all parked and broored on new home for the mallon. And I love the one paragraph in here. As Moritz says, this presents broored a county where they tremendous opportunity and a challenge to match what an opportunity to rape the public again for $400 million. Wow, at least 80% of it. 320 million sound like the name. And I think we're, those week minded people at, uh, like, a money to the church. Yeah. Well, guess what, you know what? These buttons are still working. Just like they did in the last election. No, no, no. No, no. Still working. Real good. Um, also, um, you know, it just, um, lost it. That's okay. That's okay. Just keep that one word in mind. You'll be all right. Yeah. That'll be a paypal. Okay. You lost it. That's all right. By the way, the phone is screwed up this morning. The phone's all sound like crap. It's not JP's fault. It's not my fault. If our program director would stop hyperventilating and they're just put it away back in his pants and relax. It's just that the phone is a piece of crap. It's our, you know, JCPenny, Nizen's, uh, your cheapy crap that we got in here. And we're not going to get a side of it. We're doing the best we can, okay? It's a crappy phone. It sucks. It blows. It's garbage. KPS wouldn't use this phone on here. They'd be embarrassed. They would throw it in the toilet before they would put a call on you with this. They wouldn't even call home much less off the around this phone. Much less put it on here. That's how bad it is. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. What's going on? Hey, did you get your tickets yet? Tickets for what? For the life of Riley, Charles Nelson Riley reveals all four shows only. No thanks. Yeah, no thanks. By the way, speaking of Charles Nelson Riley, let me ask you this. Sir? Yes. Where is Nelson? In meals, did you get the Thunder Club Newman CDF engine? Yes, thank you very much. Okay. Appreciate it very much. All right, take it easy. Okay, thank you. Okay, Charles Nelson Riley, anybody go to see her? No, no, we'll pass. Okay, let's take the four-laterale thing. Do the break and then I'll get to my store and then I'll go to the little one. Take about two hours. Here's four-laterale. Hello. You know, yes, sir. Hey, for the first time, I'm at the world. I read the Sunday paper yesterday. Yes, much stomach actually, uh, crazy. And the first thing I looked to, where the man, man, to see what other people were writing. Right. So sick over this thing. I haven't looked at that yet because my plane didn't give back to like midnight almost last night. So I haven't. Let me ask something. The only thing that I really worry about is, and it comes to a vote. You know, they'll get crushed. But what do you think of the chances after the public vote and crush is it? That doesn't go ahead and do it anyway. That's what worries me. They, they damn well better not. Not if they want to give me elected any of them. I don't think they care if they strike a deal behind closed doors. Everybody gets paid off. We get raped. No, I don't think so. I think if it's an overwhelming no vote, nobody would have the call on to Polad. Not unless they're, not unless Alex Piness was to grow, maybe. Or maybe they'd count it to last seconds since two of the post-6 sites are in date. Maybe at the last second all of a sudden the heroin will kick in and come up with some of the bogus thing. You know, like another three 30 sales tax for it. What they're doing on the date, they'll just put it on a ballot. Like, vote in there if you mean yes, but you have to be mean no. Yeah, put your back on. What's that put on the ballot is no matter which way you vote. We assume you mean yes. I got one question for Johnhead. All right. Excellent. Say that. Yeah. That's. That was beautiful. I love it. Well, he already said that, you know. Got him. Fucking idiot. Yeah, that's what he said. Why not? He said, well, now what is that under by the way? It's under GH. Nah, damn it. Now I got a look and look and look. What is that damn Johnhead? Oh, I know what it's under. I must be crazy. Yeah, you got a you are. You're crazy. And you know it's Johnhead. Never stole a freight train like I did when I was a little kid and boy. I've never let's be it. You know what? I finally got it. What happened on that with that plane deal with that freight train. I finally admitted the ceiling last week. I should never let that out on the air, you know. Sound off the iPad. I'm shipping home. I'm watching TV. And John, the beach and fire and I really need. But I know that it won't last forever, the doorbell has to ring. I'm not that jealous of you and this. The things they want to save me. They say, want to save me. After I've tired, you're all right. I'm going to run from your next to the field. I will drag your hands and my phone. John Wayne, if you still want to visit after I drag your hands away. I'll get another phone. I'll help the young man say I'm not chill. I'm still on to the bay. So don't you come out, knock him. There's how they're waiting behind my old three. Okay, it's 1044-560WCM. So before we get to my story, Peter Leonard from our sales department by the way, who's one of the really, he looks like a bull frog and he. On a bad day, with bad sunburn. Not a bad guy, but very strange. Even by sales whole standards, they're very, very, very strange guy. One thing I'm discovering about him is that he chooses with air, everybody in the radio business. And I'm not those people that not only doesn't want to, I go out of my way, not to smooth with most of the people in a radio business. And I'm very suspect of anybody who does. So no matter what name it is, if it's Bob Green and Sheryl over the old I would deal with a cost broadcasting, if it's anybody. I mean, you pick a name. Oh, yeah, he's got a nickname. You're hey, buddy. Hey, Pally, and all that stuff for everybody. So the business we had with, I don't want to go back in there again, because I don't want to give many more publicity. Since we got a 108 men, he's got a 58 who needs it. But it's interesting that not only is he hang out with all these people, but the people that do Shmoos with the other radio people, they all stab each other in the back. Here we chance they get. He was the first one I called in. He would bleed on Friday during that whole big sun of the answer that was going on. That can drive controversy that Castro was trying to siphon off some of our audience. He was the first one that called in here to report briefly that Castro, over tried to use him to siphon his way to Greg Reed and get a job, which was confirmed by Greg by the way to a clock when I got off the air and also by a program director, Bloss Lindsey. Yeah, how do you like that? That Castro knows what was over here. Sucking heavy duty, even heavier duty than algorithm, which is saying a lot for a job. So if everything is so great over there, queer channel, you have to wonder. But the real point is how come if I mentioned that to a Peter Lendon this morning? Oh, yeah, Pally. Hey, Pally. Yeah, not Paul. Pally, everybody's got anything for everybody. He's the buddy of everybody in the business. Right off the bat, ax murder. That's the thing to keep in mind as soon as you hear that ax murder in waving. Not as dangerous as roar. He's got a buddy who wields a much meaner ax. Just ax him. He'll tell you. Okay, so anyway, get back to my story. Here's a mirror, Mar. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Okay. Where is Nelson? What is it? Oh, that. For this far is, I believe they're pretty here. Not bad to sound. Yeah, it's crap. Puffle. Uh, Thursday. I'm my word of Vegas. Yeah. They met the new Venetian. Great. Looking forward to it. Somebody called the last week. I think I finally answered the Venetian was, they had all kinds of problems. The rooms and all. Yeah, but don't pay any attention. Oh, those people. Pretty typical and something opens up anyway. Yeah. You know, you're always going to have the glitches in there. Right. But uh, not just looking forward to it. And just want to let you know. We're there for eight days. Great. Oh, man. Can you imagine what you can lose in eight days? Oh, I've done that before. I know. Take all your credit cards. You're a checkbook. Whatever you got, man. I don't even home just because of that. You're sick of watch. You're rolled somebody else's Rolex. Huh? I said have a great time. All right. Okay. There's a guy going to Vegas to have a good time. Well, you're not going to have one here. I'll tell you that. Oh, this experience. I'm still trying to try to try it in my own mind to find a way to, to, to, stage this, the phrase it to describe it. If I liked the more into my good friend Eric out there, I think his life name was Cohen Ron Medit, the Pierce and International Airport in Toronto last night. We just come back from London from medical school. Good guy, Eric. He kind of witnessed there. Maybe not with this. But he was like an observer and I explained it in this whole situation, which was very, very bizarre. And even a lot more bizarre and much much worse and more comfortable on a plane. Maybe in the accelerator and dangerous, uh, uh, pervert that I am. Evidently. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on here? Hey, don't you? Uh, ready? Um, remember the topic you always want to know about, you know, I got a little fiery point on. What is that? On the cops there, the, what the look for the situation thing going on? Uh huh. The cops are off the hook. Meaning what? Meaning, well, whatever went on and everything they're keeping in the secret. Us, us. Yeah. And is that a bulletin? Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the bulletin. Hi. I'm just turning it here first on QIN. From some 12 year old punk, I wouldn't know a prostitute if she got out of me. He's okay. That's right. He wouldn't know a hooker if she stuck when it is, uh, back to him. Right. Thank you very much, pal. And say hi to your boyfriend. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. That is good. Uh, just coincides. I happen to be, uh, work for the kind of some blue of city Miami. Yes, sir. I believe you meet there is a distance from out. Uh, what is the next, this is it in the next month? Yeah. I do personally know several of these guys that are cracking underpants on my Trim. There's, they go there. Uh, just, just, just, just, uh, just, uh, it was, it was, it is going to happen. They haven't put, uh, split it on the rug, just yet. But they're sure I'll tell you one thing. The media sure aren't, uh, pursue an Israeli vigorously for whatever reason. Internal affairs is heavy at work. Oh, they good. Great news. Thank you, sir. What? You're saying I happened to be at the, uh, skirmish on Saturday night by choice, but I was working. Yeah. And this is honest to get, guess who was serving at the concession stands. Uh, gagging. Serving beer. Who was it? It's game. Dave's game was serving beer. Honest to, I hope to get some confirmation on this. He was he the, he is the, he is the orange bull. He's got an ass to size of that bull man. Yeah. He is a big boy. Isn't he in the media anymore? Oh, no. They just weren't enough of a wide screen TV to get him on camera. Very hot time in beer. That was funny. Honourable. I'm here. Thanks a lot. That title says funny is running into just a gag. Out there at the dolphin can't do. That's what J.P. was telling me. I mean, with no personality whatsoever, but you don't need no letter from him. What? Forget it. Who the hell needs, uh, who needs that? Jesus Christ. Okay. So we finally got rid of those pain and the escals. I got my faxes up today. Right, right. We got my faxes up here. That's good, you know you need to,南cana, you need to hide people. Why the, why are you amazed in instructing him and looking around. We had at least four or five times a year. in the waiting area for the flight for the same flight who seemed to be going on that flight every single week and then coming back on Sunday night on the same flight. And every thought anything of it and saw him a lot never never spoke, never had any ID who knew who I was or whatever and there was no conversation which is fine. So you want to think about me if people approached me like this guy Eric who just came back he was coming to Toronto from London then to Miami last night after four months in London medical school he came up to the May-A are you and your Rogers has very friendly guy had a good conversation half an hour sitting there killing time no problem. Good guy. But I don't assume number one that people know who I am because that's very arrogant to begin with number two there are a lot of people who like me but there are also a lot of people who hate me like poison you know and not maybe not as many but there are some. Like when I go into publics every time I go into publics there are people I know how you know and then there are people who like look at you you can see them stopping what is and they look at you and you're not really sure they know who you are they like you but there are too you know too much of a pussy to say anything or they know who you are and they hate you like poison which is possible fine doesn't phase me in the least okay couldn't care less I don't live my life based on what other people think I don't give a crap okay great so what do we have to make a long story short after all this time like two years whatever and then he told me that here's got it is just I'm just drawn it's just drawn you look like a throwback to you looks like you just cannot aim or I'll Egyptian tumor something doesn't he? Man seriously you look like a mummy I like when you call me Jesus this morning and he looks like get the sandals in here okay Tommy it's found Jesus that's right you think Jesus are about the Virgin Mary on a Totino's pizza is exciting Tommy has found Jesus in a freaking mirror oh that's just I don't think me while they're used to it I've got anyway so anyway about three weeks ago this is this is an amazing story three weeks ago here's the same guys on a plane going to Toronto I'm on the same plane he's sitting back in coach I'm in first class of course because I pay the full fair evidently he gets upgrades because he flies a lot on this particular airline which I'll mention you can only assume so coming back coming back I see him in the airport in Toronto and he's the go to the counter obviously he's trying to get enough great me goes back to sit down I walk and we're getting ready to board the plane I walked over said you get the bump up and he said no not this time and as we're walking to the get on a plane we're starting a conversation for the first time and whatever this has been two three years okay seems like a reasonable guy good guy he lives in the works here lives there he's from Toronto okay good guy I thought so on a plane coming back we get to Miami and as we are coming back to the jetway another conversation in Susan all right and we start talking it comes to find out he's a big maple leaf fan and Boba Boba beep beep and this in that and flies the same little I'm been doing and you know it's like a seven minutes from the jetway all the way to the parking area are you following this so we finally get to the and I'm I'm mentioned the fact that you know we come up to Toronto several times a year go to a few hockey games mega friend Jeff Rimmer not good close personal friend Jeff Rimmer interesting we're buying him a lot of very expensive meals get this tickets that like they used to be a maple leaf gardens in other ear Canada center and maybe like if since he's in Toronto one weekend maybe he would like to go to some of the games he can't get tickets to Rimmer would be glad to call in and leave you know whatever's name is okay oh great that's great and Boba Boba beep in is this very friendly conversation going on for like seven or eight to ten minutes whatever the walk is from there that one point to where you go off on your own way to get your car and so we stop at that point where he's going his way and I'm going my way and I said on by the way what's your name he looks at me and he shakes my hand and says Nelson okay as in there is no okay and I thought wow that's pretty freaky because as most people know that's my real first name too which I told him wow so I said by the way you go up next week yeah I'll be there I said okay we can talk about the hockey tickets about the least whatever I'll see you have a big week that's it that's the end of the conversation I go to my car that's the end of that now in the end of my did talk to somebody from the airline who I happen to know a lot of people in there to try to arrange since he tells me he's flying on a plane I just stop and take it as for anybody you would know to try to put in little thing to get him bumped up to make sure that instead of sitting in coach he does get bumped up that's all harmless conversation nothing sinister not a big deal nobody is stalking Nelson not a big song to dance okay get on a plane that week is he there no no come back uh Sunday night is he on there no then last weekend the weekend that was cut short because of that god awful sparks I mean care of manifestible in Toronto which I came back Sunday morning was he on that plane going up no he I've come back of course I came Sunday morning was he on that plane okay so I'm beginning to feel like maybe he's just vanishing a thing or whatever so last night on it to your porch sitting in a course there's a delay you know how these delays go air we all of a sudden lately up there delays and delays and more delays the incoming plane is late and a crowd is getting bigger and bigger people waiting for the plane and this guy comes over to me I'm Eric so and so are you new around Indiana he tells me a story he just came back from London and this and that and the other and we talked for like 30 or 40 minutes which is great it kills a lot of good time because the plane is later and hell the plane is even there yet now I'm sitting there and I look off where the they call it the maple leaf the lounge areas and I see here Nelson comes out with some guy some guy yeah Chinese guy some guy and they're walking together that's all he's this is gonna be a great excuse because Eric's a good guy but he's a little bit at this point we're talking about you know I'm saying there's nothing left to say Eric good guy you're a good guy Eric but you're a little a little a little a little I said oh gee I see a friend of mine over there I got a shake his hand good to see I have a great trip and I grow over now I want you to envision this I think I better do the break at this point because I can't know seriously no I've got to because once I get this description I must do it vividly and make you understand the the whole significant it not that it's greatly significant not that it's gonna change my life and anyway she performed but it was just the most bizarre the most inexplicable experience of my whole life almost isn't and it's got to be a tie-in with that with the thing on a highway driving and you're not remembering it it's seriously my mind has got to be turning the gel you know I mean where is self yeah 1058 at five 60s of oh it's a great story really it's one of those you don't would laugh or cry I eat food of gold. The price would go up to cheap and crappy things that blow. A burning death I had to copy and leave it. Now, head to the building with a nice piece of cake. From what they call the can of each person? If Doris keeps you going to the live, she stays. Here up at the building for a gift for her. Here. I'm looking at the town. I've got a party. I've got a party. I've got a party. I've got a party. I've got a party. I've got a party. Okay, so we're going to see if I have six. If you have a party, we've got Hank Goldberg. Who always gets it right, baby. I'll tell you. Light up their notes. It's the overhead. That's why the phone is all screwed up. The overhead level is like really low. Is it set low in there? Or not. It's okay. Because this phone system, it sounds like real, but it's cramp. Anyway, talking baseball would not be a 6, 6, 30. It's the giant at the mallins, baby. Leave on his back. Any interest. No. He's pitching for that. Not for us. No. Okay, thank you. So anybody getting back to my story, which Doris and ending to it is very bizarre. Now keep in mind, this guy knows who I am because doing this great conversation is very from the conversation, which primarily he initiated. Walking from the legit way to the apartment thing three weeks ago. It tells me he has seen the TV show, Bhapapapapapapap. It's okay, great. So what somebody knows who you are, which means automatically they're not put off by the fact that you're a f**k for your f**k. They're not to terrified. Great. So now I have left Eric standing there saying, oh, I see your friend in my Oda. I'm going to go say hello. And I have a great trip. Okay. I walk around. These people are sitting in the waiting area about 150, 180 people waiting on this plane, which is finally getting there maybe. And here's Nelson's standing there with his Chinese guy, kind of almost up against the wall. I get to wait in like from where I am to J.P. now, but what, 8, 7, 8 feet away. And make eye contact and he looks at me like in the eyeball, like a pinball machine, the eye star like that, you know, flashing, kind of like, and I walked up and I said, yeah, I thought you disappeared from the face of the or V said, almost. And he turns back to his friend, you know, and his woman is no he's got heavy cold in the morning, whatever he's got. But in the meantime, they're having a great conversation. I'm standing there, standing there. Like, you know, I'm just standing there, like leaning on the handle of my suitcase, ready to fall down on the floor. Now, all of a sudden, I'm kind of like backing up and I realize on the wall in the airport, they have those big, like, ads, you know, those murals with fly for $99 from here, the lake or whatever. And I realize that I'm backing into it and almost inside of it, you know what I'm saying? In other words, it's like that whole thing about if you could find a hole in the ground, would you call into it? Well, if you could find one of these things on the wall, would you back into it and kind of like disappear? Like they do with the visual effects in movies around TV, you know, where somebody backs into things that just goes through it, vanishes. Through a vanishing routine. Now, I thought this is peculiar. Strange. Really strange. So now I see my good new friend, Eric, who at least acknowledges my existence, he's standing up there by the counter. So I wanted him up there because they're going to start boarding in a few minutes anyway. The plane has arrived finally. He got all those painfully as passengers off. They're going to be boarding a few minutes and there's Eric up there. And I'm describing to him what just happened. I said, you know, some of the strangest people in soft Florida. Here's somebody that was on his plane for two and a half, three years. Every week, never had a word conversation. And a conversation three weeks ago for seven or eight minutes in a year, port, like my long loss best friend. Hey, want to get you some maple leaf tickets, what's your heart to get in for your expensive. Every game is a cell-off, pop up by the third even other guys last name. How do you get somebody tickets when you don't know somebody's last name? They have no way to communicate with you. You want to give them your full number. No sinister motive. Here, I want to do something nice for you. Just because on that kind of a guy in your big leaf bath, see you, like a guy. You know? You know? So I'm telling Eric this and now we board the plane. As usual since I'm in first class and I always do this 99% of the time. Because I know that the boarding process, I'm the first one on and the first one off is, Coastal with this possible. So I go and I sit down in my seat C3D and now come the other people coming on the plane. And here comes Nelson with his Chinese friend and they come on in the Chinese bag goes back. He's obviously sitting in Coach and Nelson comes back to where I'm sitting in stands and then looks at the other seat. Scythling and standing and you know, he's sitting there in 3F. Next to me, 3F is in Frippy. So I get up and I, you know, and he's getting a sit in nice gear. You're going to give me the money, you know, and he sits down and at that point he picks up the Toronto newspaper. And he gets to the Toronto newspaper. And Barry's has had and it puts on the headphones and his blowing was nose. And that was basically I would say the end of the conversation. Yeah. How long is it flight? Two hours and 40 minutes once you get in the air. That's about 3.5 hours on the plane. 320 on the plane. Over 3 hours. Right. That was pretty much all of you. What now the interesting part of it is he's got his nose buried in the newspaper. The only problem is it's 815 at night. So it's dark outside. It's getting dark. And his light is not. So I reach up and hit the light. Turn his light on. He looks or thank you. You know, it really didn't. It was a move point. It didn't make any difference whether the light was on. You're following now. Are you getting the picture of this? So now I'm sitting there. I'm becoming a combination. Yeah, like that. Agitated perplexed. Like, okay. It was it the the other one. Okay. So this is the other. Each arm both were fine. Is it the Cologne? Is it the old of the. Uh, purple that may be a little. Uh, whatever it is. Yeah. What could it possibly be? That has changed my best. No. My great new friend. Maple Leaf fan. Great guy. Toronto guy. Love the city. Lister. What has turned him around so to speak so dramatically in the three short weeks. Heats me like poison. And here I am a captive audience for 3.5 hours. Sitting on this freaking plane. So we get to about 20 minutes away from landing. And he's kind of like not at off snoozing. And I reach into my wallet because one thing you're not going to do is you're not going to get into an argument with somebody on a plane in the year. You don't I'm saying I mean say what you will. Think what you will what I did. But you're not going to get into a argument with anybody on a plane if you're smart. Not a good idea. So I reached into my wallet and I pulled out one of my business cards. And on the back where I wrote on the back of it I wrote whatever it was. It must have been very bad, very evil, very sinister. Whatever I put about 10 question marks after it. And then I put that have a great life anyway. And I signed it. Neal and parentheses. Nelson now. She jumped it on to was a car as a tray under his where his where he's pretending to be asleep. Sure enough about 10 minutes later. I'm lying there. Also pretending to be snoozing. He wakes up reaches down. Looks at the car. Obviously he is reddit. Turns it over on top of the papers and proceeds to go back and put his head back on the thing. That was the end of the conversation. That was pretty much the end of the flight. I got up and flew off at that plane at the end of the flight. And that was it. Can you explain that to me? You find that a little bit puzzling a little bit bizarre. A little bit strange. Uh huh. And I'm thinking of myself what was it? It had to be. I'd brush my teeth. You know, I didn't have a slice of pizza. Pizza. Yesterday afternoon. Oh, good stuff. That must have been it. Totally. Macaron. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neal God. Oh, can't. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.iven You Uhh. d", Run on Stop 2016 at 560 WQAM 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line maybe I'm not the only person this has ever happened to That like I was in like, you know a place like this a setting like this and somebody who knew them who you knew Them just acted like you didn't even exist. I mean, you know, or maybe it's just me Maybe I was just a bad guy. Maybe I'm evil. You think that could be a video? I'm dangerous. I could be a Maybe I'm just a miserable son of a bitch. Oh, oh queen. Oh, that could be it Or here's a mobile and full waterdale. Hello Hi Neil. Yes, sir It sounds remotely possible that He's a homophobic that didn't realize you were gay until after your last conversation as I possible To laughter our last comment on the son of the word he heard about it in between his O.J. You're saying exactly that could be it all like find it very difficult to believe that any guy a young guy Especially from Toronto could be homophobic. There's more queens in Toronto than they have in England Well sounds pretty bizarre. It sounds like the only likely possible That way is now love show take care. Thank you. Well, you know somehow I'll survive I know this may come as a great shock. I may survive life will go on, but it just struck me as being really So typical of and I guarantee you one thing in fact. Here's my suggestion Here's my best suggestion whether it's in public whether it's the airport whether it's in the barber shop, you know Just you know go the other way just pretend. I don't exist That's everybody's a lot better off that way, you know What are the colors things that you would probably use use for what? Maple leaf tickets. I didn't get a many maple leaf tickets. I'm glad you know what? What are they talking about? I made an offer he couldn't refuse here you go. I'd be having to do it for you leaves pain It's like it's like people who drive corvets like a club and when you run on not necessarily when you got a nice new corvette Or even if somebody's got a nice stingwave They're driving on highway and you know you wait you give my thumbs up you wave whatever you nod It's there's a thing there's a camaraderie and Here's somebody down here who number not only a hockey fan, which is hard to find here Somebody has a leaf fan allegedly a died in a more fan, you know We're talking about Joe Bowen. We're talking about this about the great sports section Toronto sun great Okay, but somewhere along the line in those intervening three weeks. I turned into a monster of the midway 560 560 560 560 and what do you want that stadium? Find out which are those six stripes you want you want number one Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Okay, nice talking you to here it is on three hello Yeah, sir, maybe he noticed that you want it to get inside his pants and he wants a puppy I got news for a pal he's must have a high opinion himself. I wouldn't touch him with your hand or your mouth 560 560 560 560 on the 18T while it's not interesting Another one of your people by the way another holeio there. That's all they know Madagon Madagon Madagon Not interested in addition to which you know it's kind of interesting I must be awfully slow if that was the case Wouldn't you think that I'll offer you slow took me two or half maybe three years to finally getting one to putting the move on his guy? Oh, I must be starting to get real slow on my old age. Just a real slow methodical approach If I live to be 100 just maybe of course by then he'll be sold. I wouldn't touch him anyway Forget it Nelson you ain't my type sweetheart Here's a mobile a naples. Hello. Yeah, how you doing pretty good sir? That is true about the Corvette that you still have one and whatever you see on the Corvette They always wave to you right and I didn't know what that was until somebody told me yeah That's like a hidden secret you're supposed to wait for the Masonic hand shaker something I thought they were hidden on me too Lifting you know the panters are playing exhibition game here for Myers. Yeah, I do know that yeah. Are you gonna call no? I got to take it for you. No chance. Why I don't go to exhibition games Maybe Nelson will go maybe Nelson will go but will he talk to me? What will he talk to me? Yeah Something you baby just don't get too close. I will see you for my okay hold your breath 560 560 palm 560 on the 18T wireless line Yes, you guys one thing about being on their plane and I'm a kind of person generally speaking if somebody starts to conversation with me I'm a plane a killer. It's a great way to kill time if I'm going alone Which the throttle trips I usually do because my friend John don't want to go up there late at night because you get to its midnight and the whole night is shot anyway He's a pain in the ass on it. They're gonna go But if you know you're sitting next to somebody who's reasonable human being a little bit conversational you can kill a whole time and before you know it You're getting ready to land and that's great. It's the time pass But I'm not the kind of person that's gonna sit there and start up by hey and an as somebody's life story I just stop my personality. I just don't do it Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello Well, this I'm telling everything in here is like falling apart mobile and Hollywood Anyhow you're doing okay, sure Maybe the guy the Chinese guy with his boyfriend and extremely overprotective and maybe you're both talking to you You know what I'm saying Maybe a little bit like that little All right, in my man. Okay, yeah, you know wow Well, that's the case Hmm Don't give you wrong. There a lot of very very fine looking Chinese men and women believe me. This was not one of them 560 560 560 on the 18 and D. Wireless line here's Hollywood hello Hello, yes, sir. Maybe the problem is that they know that new ratians are hot dogs Jackie What hot dog Jackie? Oh hot dog Jackie. Okay, I want to make sure we got a right spec 560 560 560 560 on the 18 T wireless line hot dog Jackie Say it right. Yeah, you can get to wear a Jackie Jackie you can say it What do you say hot dog Yucky yeah, Yucky I'm under this kids wearing a jockey shorts Here's the mobile and North Miami. Hello. Hi, New How are you okay, sir? I had a question maybe you give me some insight What is this thing everybody you have The topic of the stadiums come up you know a lot of times and then it always seems like everybody's acting for a new stadium And all that I mean is that the number one I mean things that they really really want all these owners I mean aren't they just happy playing out of real player? No, of course he's not happy I'm playing out of there. What do you mean by that if you if you had a restaurant and you can get somebody else The public to come along and build you on three times as big and glitchy and glamorous where you could make ten times the money Are you gonna say no? It doesn't get like a taxpayer like you know world taxpayers But this is a bit your own you don't understand It's an in-in conversation you ask me what do the owners want the owners want whatever they can squeeze out of the public and the municipal Politicians that what they want whatever they can get they'll take it and we keep on vision it out nobody don't But we better not You watch Sir my prediction if this thing gets on a ballot it will lose so overwhelmingly it'll make the penny sales tax look like a like a happy day for a mayor penis I'm sure yes, I want to have this thing come up one last question You ever get you ever get tired of Hope people make an issue of your homosexuality all the time. I mean I got a comment because I mean you are I mean one of the most masculine homosexuals that I've experienced you know in talking to yes and it's just I give you a break already, you know like why is it always don't you understand people have to have something in fact I'm so delighted that they have something to grab on and so to speak. It's great. You know if you say no The service by over the years have always found that if there's anything they don't like or you say something that's on popular You're a fabulous great it gives them something to hang on to them delighted they got something Doesn't bother me I take a nice big check home every two weeks They pal Bag it 567560 pound five 60 on a 18 T wireless wine Excuse me for living folks, but that's just the way it is maybe some day some of you'll grow up, but I'm not gonna hold my breath We're not gonna wait March right along. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello Yeah, yeah, sir, which are the sites do you like best? Which of the sites do I like best? Yes, and the holiday good Omaha right in the middle of the country They're two sites that they didn't include that are better than the six sir Like Hank said on Friday the last thing I'm gonna do is listen to a bunch of proposals that aren't even on the list I mean that's such a waste of time That is such an unbelievable extraordinary waste of time I don't like any of the sites don't you understand as it says on a multiple choice none of the above You got it so far out none of the above. No while the above right none No number one. Oh no number two. Oh no number three. Oh no number four number five. Oh number six. Oh no. That's my that's my favorite choice no And then this line is about how well he'll you know he'll build it But if he has to build it it won't be as good He warns that a privately both stadium would be smaller than leave no extra money in his pocket to improve the team by increasing its payroll So it's a threat. It's a blackmail. I'll do it, but you know what you know what? I'm gonna build it's gonna be a piece of crap Then nobody will come to so you know I'm really willing to do it. You really believe he's willing to do it Oh first now why would he be willing to do it if he knows it's gonna be a losing proposition? It's just more blackmail like Wayne with that bullcraft that he gave us with a macarina How soon they forget oh my god Wayne. Thank god you never lied to us I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down It's probably telling who changed their mind and decided they wanted to build this facility I will not play here. Yeah Because I will not have you guys Look at that me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else right we won't say that But are they playing there? We're last time I check Waking in the dough they are winking in the dough and that's arena man a money is pouring in He's squeezing every dime he can out of that macarina there out of that beautiful facility. He's just squeezing the blood out of it And they're playing there because they built it for them. That's why it's playing there All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Roger new from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and K-Wi brand personal lubricants It's master bait tired of using confusing and unreliable plastic fishing wars are squirming the disgusting life There oh This is long hours and a boat with no bites we feel bored You know Then try new master base Squeeze a little dab on your hook and in your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not Master base order today and you'll receive a free 100% very cloth master base signature hand towel and a complimentary issue of field and streams swimsuit edition Don't look that big one slip between your fingers again, but if it does who cares master Available as pro shop for sure wrong and projects are probably worth Sounds this you mean 1131 at 560 WQA Oh, wait Monday. I'm not ready. Sure. Watch a great day. I finally started making a comeback now mentally I Just feel like I was in the twilight zone for the last 24 hours. Maybe it's this flu. Maybe it's the fact that it was 52 degrees my hotel room on south Sunday night. I'm a whatever and I'll try to even know what night it was freezing. I mean just frigid Even more frigid than reception in that airport 560 5050 5060 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile in candle. Hello Yale yes, sir. I was you know, I'm sorry that happened to you, but I have to say I think what you're experiencing is something that probably You're not used to experiencing as much as the rest of us. I mean I think you know the non celebrities get that a lot more And what in all way in other words you you go places and people you know just ignore you? Well, you know you've got a myth. I mean you go in the restaurant's the stores They know who you are you have a repret reputation and you're less likely to get that than you know Someone like myself, you know the average smell who gets the cold shoulder from you know the gentle population, you know you do That's a lot you know I And I one person call so far that can relate to this experience. It's ever had anybody I'm talking of an out somebody who's waiting on you. I'm talking about somebody that you know Oh no, oh, this is happening. My wife has gotten this my brother's gotten stuff just like this So you know you run into somebody that you know I ran into somebody I went to school with years ago Yeah, and you know we were I wouldn't say best friends, but good friends and I was like, hey, but yeah I'm I'm so glad go ahead finish You know and it was like all of a sudden it's like you know You know, did you recognize me? Oh, yeah, yeah, I remember you and it's like you know My the only one I feel I'm I the only one who has a memory who has an emotional history with people Yeah, or is it that you know after so many years or minutes ago is by you just But nothing like what nothing like yeah, yeah, that's always good First of all, it doesn't do it your ego when you good and I don't have any ego So it doesn't bother me. I have everybody else and you go and everybody likes to be liked and known and and Remember especially remembered I think that's you know That's the important part, but I mean I'm not to disparage you in any way shape or form But I just tend to think that somebody more of a celebrity position gets this less so when you get it You probably feel it more Okay That's just my opinion. Okay. Thanks. Right. No, he brought back to mind the fact that when I was in I was when I had my stroke years ago at 10 11 years ago. I had very minor stroke and I was in plantation general for a couple of days And low-end behold comes to find out a guy who I grew up with who were kids He was I was living in Canada. They were healed in Manchester, New York with just a few miles away and Do she I say his name on a year? No, Dr. Morris. I want to his name on here But anyway, we grew up together. We were best friends and he was a doctor in this hospital I was in there. He was the doctor having anything to do with treating me, but he was working in the hospital Did he come by and say anything? No check on me. No for any strength to give me some Med him in his wife at called a race track one day After years and years and years met them out there to track my late friend Bill Carter was there met these folks Great friend Leos great to see you a bit a few races. Oh, we got to get together and so on gave my phone number Not a way did I never hear from them But one day I'm at my old bank after implantation when I was living at or further east I'm at the bank and here comes my old friend Dr. Morris from Grant Manchester, New York and he's also taking money out of the ATM And I give him a big reading. Hey, how you know and it's like Got a bad call and looking straight ahead just like to go on to plant looking straight ahead Takes the money out say a gone Like I never existed Okay, never existed Somebody I grew up with not that you know It makes no difference to me. Doesn't hurt my feelings. I just find it strange That people go out of their way to be a anti social and be to try to inflict on each other. What's the point? There are people who drive me nuts I Go shopping this last guy who thinks it's such a picnic to be recognized. I got news for your pal and an ability beats being recognized by a Million miles. There's no comparison being anonymous is the greatest thing in a world And there are people. I mean, like at the hockey games most people 99% of the people how you do I love your show what do you think of the game? 30 seconds a minute two minutes whatever I've made some nice friends out there. They hockey fans, etc Talk for a few minutes before most of the games. That's fine But every now and then somebody will come along They don't know what to get out of your face. They don't want to say goodbye So a few things that being known is such a such a great benefit Yeah, getting free meals that's great. That's what J. P. says getting free meals. Oh, it's all about right Brad you bet We're trying to teach him all exactly he's gonna be getting his diploma this Friday in free loading 101 Here for J. P. We finally taught him the ins and he outs How to free load a meal delicately do it a little bit of class penash, you know do it the right way Don't just say hey send us over a bunch of crap. Okay. I'm a big shot I'm off from the Neurology show Don't do that call up and say hey buddy. How are you doing? Have a good day? Great. Here's what Neil would like today Neil you know I mean you know he's a bit hotter. He eats too much here's what he wants that fat pig Set him over like to four pizzas. Set him over 20 or 30 some more and so just and maybe that'll satisfy the queen You know whatever that's the way to do it a little bit class Well, I tell you I wish I give anything if I had people are strange by the doors I have it at home. I don't have it here because that that's this is what I'm thinking today What in God's name why why why not just keep your mouth shut Okay, just get on a plane mind you old business. I'm not seeking anybody else out I'm not looking for any conversation. I want to get out of here go to my car drive home and that's it. That's all Woo The Zollo Hi, Ali. Hello Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir long time. Listen to Mr. Chronicle over here. Yeah, and I know oh you know, okay, great I want to know that voice I know you don't know that voice I have controlled myself for many of my good I wanted to talk to you real quick because I know how when it's like to be you know Lord well, you're under the scrutiny of criticism when you're a popular figure Yeah, and that's one of the things you have to live with whether you like or not You have to live with the scrutiny of criticism from other people Well, what is that more criticism about what? People don't like your show. Maybe people don't like you. Maybe they secretly love your show But they're NBS. There's a lot of this guy Love my show that even the TV show and anybody who loves the TV show while I'll make a good point You probably had bad taste. That was a horrible show Well, he was just probably an A-hole then yeah, and as simple as that does know there's no second There's no second story to that It's just but I mean, let me ask you this if you're sitting next to somebody on the plane. Okay, I mean you fly, right? Yeah, okay. You're saying like you're going to New York you would have lost in two and a half three hour trips It's a nice to somebody in a plane and it's somebody you know not a good friend. That's somebody who's close But somebody you know Are you going to sit there and ignore them for three hours? No, that that will definitely not happen with me. I will leave things over there. They got to me. This was the Roodest the most unacceptable most bizarre the most inexplicable the most obnoxious piece of behavior And especially killing from somebody from Toronto which the people out there are the somewhat of friendliest people I've ever met anyone in the world. They're unbelievably great The guy was just either incredibly shy to say or to face something or he was just a total a whole there's just a There's only two stories to that. Yeah, that's the story There's no reason to psychologically analyze this guy was an a whole who was his two embarrassed to say hello to you What are the two and by the way about those hockey tickets? Yeah, okay, no, she's having a great day. Hey, yeah one more thing you closing please enclose your killin a real quick these Cubans They are so I can't Think of the ones who are smuggling people over here There's smuggling people over here and they got a rest of the Cuban if you got arrested here for it I don't see the Cubans protesting about that. Yeah, I'm a bit correct Well, when we build a new stadium down there at bicentennial park What we're gonna be able to do is roll a whole bunch of people off the protest that I'm risking Boulevard and roll a mighty to the stadium and fill up some of those seats Get them over there Everything okay, thank you. Bye Okay, 20 before the hour Who the hell is that is that John penis behind the sunglasses when that cap on trying to do his skies today or what? By the way, what is that? What did you do? He wants he went sidewalk surfing Man Jesus we got fat boy this morning. It looked like he ran into a lawnmower and John penis who looks like a 90-year-old man. I thought for a minute was across between Egor and And God Rick I'm sorry that was a little a little blah blah by the way, what does the council looks like God Rick you know which one too? What did I tell you how many weeks ago did I predict it? Okay, and that's what happens John penis when you don't service you account Get him any copy. That's what happens You know the electronic products and appliances you wanted to price you can afford our waiting for you at a Planch TV people that's what that stores all about that's why John got his head buried on the table And beat that cater meat red next Police members of the public when you're ready to start that new country and you need an embassy to impress your followers Come out to Ed's white trash trailer park Ed is over two acres of quality new when you use them on the home Double wise for those military groups who expect along seeds by the ATM Money is storage space for supplies and illegal weapons so before you're barricade yourself up come by Ed's white trash trailer park And remember if you're married to your sister you get 25% off that's Ed on how I'm nine All right, so I'm 45 at five 60 W Q m five six 70 five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line I think that guy was very much mistaken I think that you have to talk to about one four thousand people what you said that you had it happened to you be just totally ignored and shine by some of that you know Was that like after a date rape something I think five six You have an 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line well that because for it in a couple of weeks not speaking Here's your four waterdale hello Hey Neil how are you okay, sir? That's good. Yeah, I kind of understand what you're talking about there because a good friend of mine and upstate New York You know a lot of his friends and high school went on to be you know managers and computer program or some things like this In this guy just wound up working in a mill and he's got a nice family and things like that. Yeah, and every time I get a chance to go up there I see him and you know my other friends and things and they always tell me You don't want to hang out with this guy. He's going nowhere go down to Sarah Toga with us There's something like this and meanwhile this guy He's one of the truest friends I ever had in my life. Yeah, I enjoy his company These people these other people these professionals they want to go down to Sarah Toga relate George and Sheed on their wives and get hotels on the strip and things like this and this guy and Bob Everything that is great. Yeah, you know about what's there is institution and love of this family I like that I see and they just don't you know like they want to associate him and it's like they you know sometimes You know they'd see him and they'd get into a conversation you wouldn't know if they were talking about it Last item and things you know, I said no. I just I told them no. I don't want to be with you part of the problem that I find is that my I have a very different idea about people and I don't find too many people I understand where I'm coming from even the people are not the best I don't think understand where I'm coming from and other words I get attracted to people I'm not talking about sex. Okay. I can find all the people and the sex That's another story, but I'm just talking about people that you like that you have something common with people You think hey, does it really any guy? This is a nice person and You know and I don't find too many people who are like that right and they don't get it Yes, everybody thinks you were looking for something Exactly like both of Ryan is in here looking for money today and forget that No check. All right. All right. Well that's all I had to say Neil. Okay. Thanks, bro. Yeah, well I've agreed to Yeah, no check for both of my today if he thinks that after you know midnight last night I got any check for him. He's been any better turn around and go back home get a haircut five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on it. Oh, he's not speaking to me now either no check. He's just ran out That's okay. I understand maybe I was supposed to bring those season tickets last night That's what it was. Yeah Those maple these season tickets right there those platinum's that are the good before five of them would be okay Here's the round. Hello I knew yes, uh hi. Yeah, I was just going to tell you I think he just mentioned it now in the last call that it's pretty probably pretty much from this understanding the guy probably took Your interest in him wrong or something after two and a half years Yeah, well, I think that's the funny thing this has happened to me. It's happened to my brother It's just I don't know the way we've been brought up that if we like somebody we do things for right and now my brother That's go a little overboard, but but I had to experience where People just quit talking to me and you know, I thought well, I do wrong and I have some way to run They never tell you and Well, I don't want it. I don't want to what I did I don't think I did anything wrong. It if somebody don't like me But I just want to be putting that position in fact. I'll make sure it never ever happens again I don't want to be in position if you're uncomfortable like like all of a sudden I'm Intruding on somebody space you know what I'm saying right like how you doing Oh, yeah, like oh, that's the leper over there get away from me with my catch something, you know Well, that's what that's what I was thinking that's that giant you go on your lip The guy did not you were going to get him tickets or something right right and But you you had to go look for him or something No, no, if you're gonna if you're gonna have somebody left tickets and will call at a ball pocket Oh, yeah, you have to know the person's name and they have to be able to get in touch with you or vice versa So that you know in other words they can't show up there and say hey my name is Nelson You got some tickets for me. It doesn't work that way And I'm assuming that that was gonna take place in a later conversation, but of course there is no later conversation So damn and I'll take my own guy damn You said he didn't know the show so he should know you were gay of course and and the only other thing I could think of was that You know, but he should know but he thought maybe you were hitting on or something And that's why because that's why it sounded like to me that a lot of a lot of times when these things have happened to me It's because the the other person was a woman or something and they thought I was I was heading on a myself And you know and and you know that I'm having Like second thoughts now after all these years of experience that like somebody did something really nice for me a store yeah, and I thought they went beyond the call of their job to help me out And it was very nice so when I went back there another time I gave them a book that I designed You know, but then like every time I go in there, you know, I just wave hello and everything But I try to stay away from them because I don't want them to get the impression that I'm trying to get something from them And that's kind of not you know It's not nice because I'd like to have another conversation with the person But you know, it's something I have to do and let them decide to come to me and say something to me Oh, I just know I don't have time for people to play games I have no woman my life for that and let him move on Okay, I'm under people that will do a lot of great things for them and have a great life and that's it Right, I did all my things Thanks to people too, you know, I mean for people and This was just my way of saying thanks, but I don't expect anything from it You know Okay, and that's it. Oh, and that's which again. Okay, I think okay five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T a while of slime There's an old saying in life expect nothing and you'll rarely be disappointed Expect the least and they'll usually live up to your expectations That's a book of violence as every week of any brings his no material and expect the least Here's my me, be a cello. I know how you do it. Okay, sir. I'm gonna add a little Something to this I hope some of this may be although certainly not all of it the fact that whoever it is May have forgotten the other person's name and he's embarrassed to talk to him because he just can't remember No, no, okay, and may not have happened in your situation But that probably is a reason and happens in others they just can't remember or maybe the guy comes over and starts talking to him And the fellow who's being talked to such I cannot remember this guy's name no and tries to cut the car Definitely not it wouldn't make any difference. It's not necessary Because you should say gee I can't remember we are or what have you he can't remember who I am Oh no no no no no Maybe different or no I'll tell you a lot of times people say he's got young Alzheimer's is could be yeah, you know They see celebrities and they just boom it just goes right out of their mind the name of the person They're seeing even though they may listen to them every day CMont V. Yeah, that's all with a 10-minute conversation with him. I just vanish That reason there were a bit embarrassed They were ashamed to ask us somebody who they listened to every day CMT whatever you I just can't remember your name so they know no I know what you're talking about, but that's that's not the case here Right, I know it may not be just wanted to do set into the car That's a good point. I have that happened because I'm real good on faces, but real Aussie on me And yet does happen yeah, it's been to me a lot so you know I kind of thought of that okay Thanks. Yeah, what's your name? Okay 56050560 pomp I that that is embarrassing. That's another whole topic all the time that happens to me I'm in because I meet so many people in here and After a while some of them start all running together, you know, they look alike. They smell alike. They act alike 56050560 pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Fort Latterdale. Hello Yeah, I just wondered there are two things first of all it happened to me once I sent strange dynamic between a person I was seated next to even though it was a stranger by language and all that I immediately F to be moved to move my seat and we're welcome fact that he was coughing and sneezing all over you And you weren't comfortable. I mean the dynamic was weird Was there another no the plane was a bit of a plane was packed and when I saw him come on there and he's gonna sit down next to me I'm taking it myself after the after the ice pool reception out in the goddamn Waiting area there. This is gonna be a disaster. This is gonna be a nightmare Exactly that was my point and immediately would have occurred to me to request particularly in front of other There was no other place to go on on a wing the wing was the only place in the east of Galata. Yeah, I didn't know that I understand But it was by the window. I guess a little shall be could have gone out close to the wing but didn't work out You should have pushed him out the window. Yeah, thank you 56050560 pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line as the dilemma of the day I mean nobody here seems to give a crap about that stadium stuff Which I can understand because they ain't gonna happen anyway They all they just keep that one word in mind. Oh, they're all considered about very self that's what they're considered about Here's key largo hello Key largo Treatment is in 14 seconds. Is that a long time to wait? Oh, they're gone. Let's try Miami. Hello Okay, great nice talking to you too, sweetie. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yes, sir Turn that down Turn it down guys, damn it That's what you felt Yeah, I was I turn it down. Damn it What can we do for you sir? Just listen, drop in a long third fight man never heard anything like this like what like this show Yeah And What is it? What language are you speaking sir? What kind of a phone have you got? I wonder if you got it. What is it? Okay, I'll see in church whatever the hell he's talking about pepper the little like that bad phone day all the way around the cell phones are bad Our phones system our crazy phone system is crap it out Of course it is Monday. Don't expect too much fine. And of course do we have any women on this topic? Oh, no, not one Have we talked to a woman today? Oh, not one. That's okay We understand that you know nothing about human relationships about being civilized It's obvious to me your lack of response on his show today yesterday a week from suffice tomorrow five weeks from Titio both every day of my life. It's always the same and that's okay I don't take it personal cuz who cares? Talk of lying this is how about a hand job I don't want to get that And then you bad And you bad And you bad Like that's where we're come to on much in the garlic teach some way to on and get yourself a little closer Believe me not completely been close up You're a dragon with a big bad invisible planet and you didn't do nothing about it You're the man you're not me. Oh, but man, and I don't Josh You got a funny cell believe you're two brush in the work house was breath meant and a good rinse Or you start to talk in everybody left out in prison better take action on your oral events The order I should now or lie to the friends I'm About 560 WQM do we have a woman on the phone yet? No no women now one called a day from a woman because they don't care about these things They're not interested in the human relationships. I'll do a lot of care about you know they're concerned about using in that's what they're concerned about That's a idea. I guess of human relationships is using you guys and that's okay. You're used to it and you Hopefully get what you want me in here's the mobile across spring. Hello Hey, now in the end yes, sir. Hey. I got your I think I know what happened. Okay. Here. We go here's the definitive answer folks It is okay first I'll tell you then all right I'm straight which I know you don't believe because you think no one straight Hey, come up with that Well, you everybody that you has ever mentioned you think they're good no at least but no All right, so I'll tell you I know Ricky Martin straight. Yeah, he straight. I'm doing it on my mind. I've been seeing him on the side You're there. I'm listening. I thought you hung up on me. No, all right. What I do that? I'm gonna give you a matter here. I'm gonna tell you what happened to me recently I go to this gym. I work out This is guy that's always been he always works out right even good shape and all that stuff He's always talking to me. Yeah, so I realize one day You know something that guy's gay. I'd ever even thought about it at first So every time I see the guy at the gym He's how are you doing blah blah blah blah? Yeah, so I go in one day And I see him there and I thought I didn't see me always just how do we so I go over I give him a hero's welcome. How are you doing man? And he's like really quiet? Wouldn't even look at me really? Oh, yeah, so I'm like what the heck happened to him? So same thing I thought I did something to piss this guy off. All right I do I don't even know the guy. Huh now I look over a two minutes later And he's working out with us other guy was his boyfriend. He's afraid to talk to me because his boyfriend's there That other guy was him was probably his boyfriend Because the guy was I mean the guy with Nelson who were the Chinese guy was sitting in the back in coach Oh, oh, oh, oh, I thought you said that you saw them to see I only Over there. They were standing together in the terminal Yeah, wasn't his boyfriend genius god almighty. He's got to have better eyesight than that How do I know what this Chinese guy looked like believe me? You don't want to know Anyways the second theory I would say I ever have egg full young That was this guy. You know after the second chewing. Yeah. Yeah. You're always hungry and I'll later right All right, yeah, thanks a lot That's what happens when you do a Chinese guy. You're how you're hungry and I'll later right 560 or 560 or 560 on the mobile one line god Where's this all coming from and where does it end? I thought we had a woman on there moment to go and she oh she wasn't gonna wait more than like five seconds Excuse us excuse us sweetheart Yeah, we had a woman on there and she flew away before you could say crap much less think about taking one 560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line excuse us Is one of these it's his orders. It's a bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon to you Vegas right a great I'm taking my tax money that's gonna go to the baseball stadium I'm gonna spend it in Vegas right that's it given to the people in Vegas at least they give us a bold A good time instead of some horseball baseball team that nobody wants to see they got to keep out in Vegas I watched them rather than the mountains right We'll quick though going out there first time is there one thing I should see No, okay, just take it all just just walk out on the strip and And good nuts. Take it all in it. Yeah, okay. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you Every time good luck. Thank you. Keep us in mind 560 50560 pound five 60 on the mobile one line here's a lady and sunrise a lady Hey, you know, I've been trying to reach out. I'm hearing like bits and pieces of you so But I hear you picking on the women so I had a call and independent Yeah, the women are not interested in this topic to do Social relationships Oh, what what's your problem? I didn't hear you're not gonna repeat the whole part of the form of a first The people with pieces of it. I heard you met a guy Eric and there was some training I then you were first class. I've been in out of my car about 30 times today. Yeah, where's Eric? You met a guy Eric Cohen. You're all your own yeah Eric from my from London right Yeah, I'm just not cats in the whole thing and I just Wonder in what what was your relationship conflict my what was my one Your problem. What's the relationship problem you want women to advice? None of the women are calling in so I'm calling in. Yeah. Okay. Thanks 560. Oh, she wants me to repeat the whole guy name show for her. I'm not gonna do it I don't I don't do that here. I'm not gonna go through that whole story. It was a great story It was a bizarre story but I did a man I thought a masterful job of laying it out there for you and Now she wants me to read like all women Oh, give me give me give me give me give me I'll give you a doll tone sweet. I get out of here bitch 560 pound five like her she doesn't even what we're talking about But she's a woman and so therefore her advice is gonna be so valuable and she's gonna have such tremendous insight as to what a Jack as I am or whatever the problem was that she's she's gonna Oh, what am I getting excited about I'm so sorry I brought this up Here's Boker hello Probably what her husband says yes sir. How are you great? I've got the answer for you It's happened to me a couple of times. Okay I was on an airplane and the guy beside me was an exceptionally nice team This has happened a couple of times. Yeah, and Throughout the conversation extremely nice guy coming to find out the guy's trying to sell me am way So maybe he thought you're trying to sell him it am way products. Yeah I love it. Yeah, most guys that do already or shows are selling am way products. Well, you know on the side Make my touch on the time Maybe that would just okay. All right 560 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line That's what I was trying to do is sell my line of herbal vitamins just when he least expected it Here you go Well, one of the $50,000 for this line and they're banging again and clanging down here I'm not gonna be able to survive with that. They're banging and clanging I'm just hanging on by a thread here today hanging on by a very razor thinned thread Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Mobile in Miami. Oh, you know, yes sir. I think I got the answer for you big guys You know what you said that you went up to the counter and tried to get him enough an upgrade or something like that No, no, I didn't say I went up to the counter. I said I had talked to somebody that I know worked at the airline and tried to get him upgraded The flight that we were supposed to be going to follow in week when he said he was going back and I already had my reservation What if you heard about that don't you think that may have turned him off? That could be it because I know it's not my family by trying to guarantee somebody's upgrade that you knew was already flying and sometimes didn't get bumped up Right, I mean this kind of a pride issue here It's like saying in a way your your big shark you're trying to get me upgraded a warm eye, you know That I'm thinking I heard I heard it from a star to finish and I'm seeing there's nothing makes sense except the power For Billy that guy said you know, maybe he's meddling in my business a little tomorrow's man Maybe that offended him If you heard about it, you know what not then it doesn't make sense. You know what? Was that pop crap in I agree with you try to know how I take the upgrade I bet you wouldn't so with anybody else with a brain right, all right, okay pal good good point All right, thanks Hey, how about if we stick you back in cargo? How's that? I'll take care of it for the next flight pal Yeah, you'll be back there when the guy damn a little animals in those little cages 560 50560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. God oh People who make life complicated it could be so simple just straightforward honest in fact the best deal is hey Get away from me go to hell. I don't want to see you okay great. Excuse me move on one Don't, hey, don't, that's a good job! It's your turn, don't you need this kiss? I've got a whole thing down, I can do this thing. I can have a big role, look, it's bad. You don't leave out the spell, if you tell where it's at. I can't do this thing, don't you need this kiss? I can't do this thing, don't you need this kiss? I can't do this thing, that guy. She's a lot of people, good friends. Back then, she took the shout of the hell. I can't do this thing, don't you need this kiss? I can't do this thing, don't you? I can't do this thing, don't you? How young is she? I can't do this thing, don't you? I can't do this thing, don't you? Squared, squared. Okay, 12.16 at 5.60, WQM. So when a book of rhyme brings me into card that ties in, now he brought this in, not for this reason, but it ties in perfectly, but we're all talking about today. Go to show you, I just think that people are in living in the 20th century and most of them in this country, anyway, or maybe in this continent are living in the Estonia age. This is a business card from WGBS, Larry Knight, WGBS program. I was talking about him a couple of weeks ago, and we find out that he died, I don't know, 11 years ago, 12 years ago, but everything else was, and it was a young age. Jefferson, pilot, broadcasting, and Brian had been a plan for a job, 1984. Now here's the guy, Larry Knight, I work with him at WSTR's Thurgyous Michigan, and then we work together, we went from there about three of us to WTPS in Kalamazoo, Michigan. And not only did I work with Larry Knight, I lived within twice he was my roommate, obviously in the separate room, but nevertheless, we lived in the house in the middle of the townhouse, and Kalamazoo. He comes to Miami at this point at the 84, I would have been here for eight years already. Working at GBS, I'm at snooze or in I&Z, whatever wherever I am. Did he ever call? No, he didn't touch with me. No, he's that's bad thing again. There's that's bad thing again. Wow, you might be fresh about that? No, no. See, my philosophy about that is, FM, you know, if that bothers them, if that, uh, too bad, grow up, get a life. That is amazing, that he would bring in that card. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. In listening to most of what you said to me, because I thought you'd not complete the story, I think two things. One, not very many people, especially in Miami, in the air for the very, uh, forthcoming, forthcoming in genuine, from the standpoint of relating to other people. I hear there's a lot of people coming in Miami airport, but usually late at night. But anyway. I think the guy with the two known who you were. And you've literally thought that you were being too nice, and it had ulterior motive, period. And if he's listening today, which I hope he is. No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't think so? Well, I think if he happens to be, or be able to find within what he was too immature, to say that you would have a problem. You know, if you were, if, if, if what you were doing for him, or if you, if he were taking something. I mean, it's, it's, it's a bottom line to all of this is here. I mean, scrape everything else away here in his vast and of hockey stupidity. And you know, I think people listen to the show know that the Toronto Maple Leafs, I've been on belief and for 40 years. It's a very, very, very important thing to me. It's in my blood. I live and die blue and white. Okay. And I find somebody who is from up there who's a major fan who can talk about it intelligently, who really follows it. And I'm thinking of myself, what all we're talking about here is a few hockey tickets that's all we're talking about. Okay. I eventually get your last name. I give you my phone number or you give me my, my, your phone. So how we make it a great bit to contact. I call up, remember, he calls up Rick Wanzley is friend up there with Elise. Get leave some tickets in your name. I don't remember. I have to see again. Here are some tickets to go see some hockey games and join have a great time. Go leave. That's all this amounts to and right away. It's like, oh, there's something sinister going on. I'm a sure guy, man. Just another guy, another immature person. Well, too bad. And on top of all of that, he's probably really did think you were trying to set him up to come on to me. I was doing what? That you were trying to come on to him? Come on, do you sure there has a high level of PM stuff? I'll tell you that. Yeah, but you know, guys, 26 to 7 years old, too old for me. Yeah, but he didn't know that. Well, you know, but I, you know, I should walk around with, would like those buttons or like with a card. If somebody sees something like that in certain conversations, they're getting nervous. I hold up the button and they're put it on. Hey, don't worry. You're too old for me. Yeah, but see that. I think it was an initiative immature. I don't hear his part. Oh, I think you're right on it, man. Yeah. Okay, man. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Anybody else wants some tickets? No. Now I gave you a cast. Still, all my dolphin tickets, except for the ones with the bills. Yeah. Oh, he's a penis pants in the other room right now. Right in the middle of another free lunch. I'm not touching him. I mean, and I'll be honest with you. I like your cast. He's one of my favorite people in this building. Okay. He's a great guy. Even JP, you hate everybody. Well, Adam, I'll start the business with your ex-girlfriend. Well, she hated Joe. Looks like it, which is why they split up by the way. It was an argument about Joe Costello. And that's a good reason to break up. How could anybody not like Joe? I want to hate auto racing. But anyway, there's a guy who might have dolphin tickets. And right away, I mean, I do want to sex from Joe Costello. Oh, whether without the dolphin tickets. No. No, not this week, not next week. No. Maybe on a desert island after about 30 years. You don't want to say? No, Jason on the other hand, even after 30 years, the answer is still. No. You're safe. But these people, and you don't, I get a lot of that. And you can tell. You can tell. Like what I go on, do those appearances? And young guys will come out to the appearances. And some of them will like hover it back. They don't want to come to a close. Like they're going to catch something like it's going to bubble or like I'm really going to get all excited and search squeezing myself if I'm seen. And most of the people who behave like that, I wouldn't touch with your fingers. Would they tip at your tongue? I wouldn't get anywhere near them. I have no interest whatsoever. They're about as arousing as a big heaping pile of elephants. Okay. But God, there are a lot of people out there that take to the hottest damn things since fried halava and they're not. There's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit like yesterday is my roommate's birthday, okay August 8th was his 36th birthday, I'm out of town for the weekend he didn't go on his trip so I leave him a car and I leave him a check in there and believe me there were 3-0s and a check it was a nice check, a good amount of money. You know and we don't have a sexual relationship, he's a very good friend, we lived together for seven and a half years, he's a great guy, that's just the way I am with people, if I can afford it, I like to spread the wealth. But you know most of the time, I guess there is nobody else like that. No, I mean I'm sort of like you are, but most people aren't, and so they're suspect. Well, so this guy in terms of like a little more in Toronto. Okay, great. I wish I could love that on a year he said I screwed the scrap out of him. Whatever, I don't care. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, on a mobile one line, it was a seven or eight minute friendship, it was lovely while he lasted, good boy, good luck to you like I said on the card, have a great life, get out of my face, go away, grow up someday. Here's Western, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, lady, oh my God. What is wrong with the women today? They hate me today. I don't know anything. I know something today. And I've heard your conversations any year talk. My story. I'm in off today this morning, so I haven't heard the whole thing, but I can know that you had a situation with a gentleman on an airplane and that you wouldn't have a little no. Yes. Why didn't this staff can say that with his problems? No, because I don't want to get into a confrontation on a plane with you. I'm not just too uncomfortable, especially when who knows you're going to be under another half of. I just create the hostility and the addition which here's a guy that's going out of his way not to speak to me. I'm not going to like try to enter him into a conversation. That's true. I figured this is just a good way to give a big back. Right, right. And does anybody know that you're not? Huh? Did he at least acknowledge your note? No. You didn't even acknowledge it? No. Well, the way you have to look at it is just, you know, he's missing out on a good friendship on a nice guy. Good friendship. Wow. He's missing out on a nice friendship. He needs a friendship. He needs a friendship. Huh? I said have a great day. Thank you. 560560, how 560, Unimobile One Line? Paranoid Little People. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm not working in. And I heard some poll workers talking. They mentioned something about the poll. I said that there was no heaven and earth. I'm not sure about that. He said there's no such physical places heaven and hell. So what's going to happen then when we die? Go to the Vatican. Must be good? Yeah. Oh, I'm OK. 560560, Pomp 560, Unimobile One Line. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Great. Good. What is this? This is my first time. I've seen that little thing. It's been a year since I heard a little of a day. What about this guy? I think you're making too much out of this guy. I wouldn't even think about it anymore. It's not a question. I'm making too much out of this guy. It was just a very peculiar and a very unpleasant experience. It was something right, when somebody goes out of their way to be that rude. You just got to, you know, the last time you saw the person had a really great conversation with, you wonder, what is your problem, man? here I hear that but you know maybe you did come on for a strong time because to me it sounded like you did a little bit and come on to strong yeah we did you know tickets and everything just you know you just started talking the tickets and everything and then after that that's seriously that's the way I would think if you offered me all that I'd be like wow this guy's really trying to hang out with me yeah you know but um I would just forget about it now so so many people like that out there anyway yeah you know and you want to just probably know you're a nice guy I am so I'm a lot of okay thanks I'm a wonderful guy just ask me am I great guy I'm a little bit 560 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line cocky tickets that's a real controversial thing baby free hockey tickets how come I have the wrong piece of copy of my hand probably because I picked it up well if we had the forwardest for all of this stuff we don't want to get to you know because George isn't there making up those list for the phone company oh yeah he's he's fine economy like I would say 80% of the show the last month George is wedding down things on at yellow pad what's bad boy doing looking for food for a hand out you know just lunchtime all of a sudden that that here man that this we you look like a door you really do you look like a geek not that you ever looked great but I mean that this haircut you know they would laugh you out of Buffalo in the pew they would laugh you are right all the way down a Fredonia and right down to Dunkirk in the Pennsylvania state line they would laugh you out of there do something don't do that again please no please don't do it not until you go to work for that other place you're back that kind of a you too bash but we had an police member some on the list when you're ready to start that new country and you need an embassy to impress your followers come out to add white trash trailer park that is over two acres of quality new and use mobile home otherwise for those military groups who expect along siege by the ATM money storage space for supplies and illegal weapons so before you're barricade yourself up come by as white trash trailer park and remember if you're married to your sister you get 25% off they're dead on how and I oh right by the way thanks for our good friend Chuck from the sub center over cross the street kitty corner for us you know that Eric Kloan at a near poor last night take a look at you and nothing is completely bad or good Eric I guess is from this immediate area we'll know all about the diner staking diner trucks I go in there Eric see again one of these days for about a half an hour from a distance so anyway here is an interesting thing that somebody facts his scout leaders put and be tated after sex in tree to see this in Orlando they do a lot of sex in the trees up in Orlando doctors have amputated left foot of a boy scout leader who was found hanging naked upside down from a tree as part of what investigators described as a solo sex act how do you like that and our long surgery to empty take Clark Anthony gets his foot above the ankle was successful a spokesman for Orlando regional medical center said on Friday gets 42 has been hospitalized in Monday after a 30's found him dangling from a rope about 12 feet off the ground one flowed to his feet and could offer more than 24 hours the let's put developed in infection that need to be taken care of before God was at hospital spokesman Joe Brown when he deprive a part of the body of oxygenated blood for 24 to 26 hours this you begin to die doctors ran test on get to the speed which were swollen this colored and barely had a pulse when he was taken to hospital a prosthesis would be considered Florida Park Service Rangers heard get yelling on Monday before they found him an adensory wooded area near the lake some circunit line his wife had reported him missing on Sunday after he didn't return from a bicycle trip his wife how do you like that here's a guy in a tree he has a wife you know get to tie himself from a tree but a gotten tired and couldn't pull himself up on tie the ropes that sergeant Nick Polito a spokesman for the Lake County Sheriff's Office his situation was captured on video camera that he set up oh let's see that he was doing something sexually to himself I get that's his thing Polito said Tuesday had may have been an auto erotic situation scored scored scored scored scored 560 50560 pump 560 on the mobile one line so you think it's boring here how do you like to be in a Orlando in a summertime here's key largo hello hi yes sir that guy is lucky you call his foot yeah that's right just lucky was only his foot hey man I think I know what the guys problem was yeah I think he probably between the two meetings had some sort of a nocturnal mission and it's late and up with a wrong thing is now and it's good to hell I mean that's the only explanation okay here's a color red yellow well Neil yes sir I I'm Neil here's a situation a story I think you like I know a girl in the chat room and I kind of turned around to your show I told her Neil back home you know Rogers that com number and she was listening for the first week she told me it was hilarious so she loved it she was glad I turned around to it for the first week for the first week the next time I talked to her that week and about two weeks later I was back online in the chat room and this girl not only wouldn't talk to me and she wouldn't talk to me at first she said please I'd rather not talk to you but I tell her like prompt us I will work the problem once the deal yeah that's going for years Neil's for that show you turn me on to is totally disgusting I think she's a religious lady all right and thank you Neil all I could say it's a great show keep it going and you welcome okay I'm not here say it you'll be time okay pal you're lost say it from some nice religious nut 567560 pound 560 on the mobile one line is the becoes on here's okay hello yes sir yes sir Neil you're giving up on this board members the school board for Broward County what do you buy that well I mean we we should keep the pace going what you did from Friday he took a pace of what are you talking about he took the pulse of the country on this yeah this is a reflection of every time I would be a yeah this should this should not that they shouldn't be able to get away from this yeah also Neil board members should know that Bob Parks on the board yeah okay this is the same guy that fact me that see I hate to break the news table when you're facts me stuff and I don't read it on the year doesn't mean it's an invitation to call in and repeat it on here so you can slander somebody on a radio do it on your phone show god 567560 pound 560 on the mobile one line and those starts sending facts over here about foot that if she's your custody it's real upset about that here's Tamara hello yeah hi Neil yes yeah all right with my heart my nurses came home care nurse came in who very upset you slander phone down on her why you called her a bitch yeah why why will you come in why because he's a bitch no no no the only person let me send you answer you ask me a question I'll tell you why she's a bitch she's a home care nurse I don't care what she is she called here wanted me to repeat the whole show for and if you say why one more time I'm gonna say oh I don't like that you know you won't oh yes I did 567560 pound 560 on the mobile one line why here's a lady in Wilton manner hello yes ma'am I can barely hear you oh well I I'm just there you go okay I've the reason I'm calling is because like I know exactly what you mean because that like happened to me this morning I went to a customer's house I've known these people like for four years right and we have a standing appointment every two weeks and they were just like what do you do in here and I'm like well you know it's like two weeks have gone by I'm supposed to be here and they just like slammed the door in my face really yeah yeah so I got my car and I'm just like driving down the street and I'm crying and I'm like I get like no explanation no no I can't you know I think people are just rude around here I mean they're just disgusting in the rude and they like only think of themselves and I at least at least I'm not crying yet you know well I'm kind of fairly mature enough I'm just thinking of an or a breakdown well I just kept thinking it in my two senses or what but I mean like the housekeeper was there at the same time he answered the door he's like a married come on in and he's like and I'm like is your wife you're he's like yeah she's here boom he's we have to dorm my face like okay I can't see yeah I think I'm messaging there somewhere don't you well I got it I'm not working for him yeah very ago I'm gonna message you school I'm that well now I'm not screwing him but yeah right thanks okay good luck and you're like that yeah maybe there's just an epidemic of unfairly paranoid people on here that could be it well to them is what I say and that's what she's to them too how do you like that for both of you five six seven five six we got six hundred all-perline here we got now on twenty two minutes to go as we continue searching for the answer searching for the ultimate truth here of the relationships between human beings are all paranoid and suspicious and psychotic about each other and like I said to them god what a place to your brain this is your brain on drugs this is your brain being chopped abits by finally home meat cleaver this is your brain in a full end and this is your brain being stared into a big part of chili brains real food for real people she won your hide in the miracle worker despite her handicaps she left behind a lifetime of achievements and now with a discovery of rare audio tapes found in a face in somewhere in New Jersey death jan records makes available to you Helen Keller sings the blue airs of recordings from the nineteen fifteen by Helen Keller herself wailing out of pond shouted Voices Two order units! They have a veryぺgroyiac, and call 1-800. Voices Whoa! For Didnow get tips us to Tuesday by Barley Nathlin and Johnny Ray. okay, well, it's, it's, it's said, it's said when people are gonna go and put their own email on them to defend themselves and to critique the rest of the industry, especially when they're dying and they find their numbers are dropping like a rock and they're trying desperately to get hired over here and are critiquing what's going on over here. You know, you can record all of your own comedy bits, but the only problem is when you steal other people's material and you redo it. It's still called ripping off people. How do you like that? Who fall? Paulie? Hey, how's Paulie doing? I won't see him no more. 560560, a pound five 60 on the mobile one line. Why the cause about that John Henry business, right? Oh, nobody in the show cares. Would sites you like the best? Come on, let's hear it. Got some new sites. Tell somebody else I don't want to hear him. So nobody cares now. But once it gets on a ballot just like that penny sales tax, then people will care. Then they'll care a big time and they will get back together like they did here a couple of weeks ago. And they will say loudly and enthusiastically and almost you know, I'm afraid they will say, no, no. You know, this glowing editorial here, this blowing editorial about the Sun Sentinel, is there a wood nearby education? No, about roads, about all the other tremendous social needs that we have at Broward County. Oh, we don't even have any drainage out there in West Bar for quite a lot. Every time it rains more than like 10 drops, we have another guy named Flood, all the streets are flooded. People are rolling around in their canoes. Can't afford that. Is there a word about that? No, nothing that has to do with the real quality of life. The Sun Sentinel doesn't care about those things. For whatever reason, all they care about is having us get together to find some very wonderful way to pay 80% of the cost of a $400 million retractable gold baseball stadium for another sport bridge billionaire who thinks we're going to build up a play to it. And the answer is still, how do you like that? It's still no. We're talking about crazy people. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I have two lunatic questions for you. The first one is, I want to know how you're going to treat this guy next time you see him. How I'm going to how you're going to treat the guy? I won't see him again. But if you see him. I won't. I'll make sure that. I'll start flying another airline. Okay. The other question is, would you think that you should study law or clinical psychology? How about the rocket science? You can't give me any advice from that. Are you serious? Yeah, I'm serious. You're asking me? Yeah, I'm studying a law baby. That's where the money is. The only makes 50,000 a year. Like I said, clinical psychology, that's what the J. P.'s mom. She's making 10, 10, minute a year. Who's just me, mom? You, mama. See, too many questions. Too many questions. That's the end of the conversation. Once you're still asking too many questions. Great lunch today from Chuck by the way, but I'm gagging out because I'm not eating right. Because I'm so worn out. By the way, Book of Brian brought in the TV guide, which I never read, because why don't anybody in the right mind read the TV guide? August 7 of her team. TV's sexiest stars. You know, every magazine, people magazine, os magazine, TV guide, every frickin magazine, it's a joke. And the joke is on you, people, the readers. The people have subscribed to this will. When you hear who there's 60, 16, 60 stars on TV are, I guarantee if you're in the middle of lunch. Let's just look some back on them. Okay. Here we go. Number one, David James Elliott on CBS's Jag. Looks more like something that rhymes with Jag as in fact. It really looks like to me and a bird owl walked one too. Here's a list of Milano. Now, a list of Milano. There you go. She is pretty hot. Okay. Like her. There you go. How are you, Horne guys out there? Look at those big hooters too. I amongous. And I think they might even be real. You don't talk to them on who cares. Jesse L. Martin. Okay. I'd rather touch Ricky Martin with somebody else's finger. Not mine. Then Jesse L. Martin. Here's a shfartsup. Then over in a chair. What the hell show is he on? What is he showing? Alan McBeal? Oh my god. This guy is sexy. Oh, I'll tell you on the next page after that is this mirrored cigarette at. Okay. And I have a big sumo wrestler on here. Wait, 600 pounds. He's sexier than his other guy. Then his hearts are in a chair. Jesse Martin. Next page, Scott Foley. What's your Scott Foley on? Well, he's on a solicitor's facility. Okay. Anything Scott Foley? I don't think he can say solicitor's facility. Okay. Wouldn't touch him with an elephant's trunk. Here's Gloria Ruben. Gloria Ruben with a hairdo that next time he look at this morning. Take a look at that spartra. Oh my god. Week. That'd be a throw. Here's, oh my god. Now we know that we've deep bunked. We have totally blown the whistle on this list. Rick Schroeder. Not to, not to make a fuse with Rick and Schroeder. But now he's wrote up he's a real man. That's right on MIPD blue, blue, who? Rick Schroeder. Oh my god. So sexy. You want to just get on your hands and knees in the vomit and eat earthworms. Tangy Miller. Another shvarts it with a throw. How do you like that? Oh, that took good. Malina. What is that? Can't I, Carbidies? Who I do believe I think she's want to use to play on guiding lights. She used to play buzzers, Frankie, Frankie, Frankie's wife. What the hell was your name? She's on the hit series Providence, Melinda, Can't I, Carbidies? I think that's your name? Week on a scale of one to ten I give her a seven maybe. Bruno Campos. Bruno Campos who plays on NBC's Jesse on a scale of one to two, he still owes points. That's how sexy Jen, Bruno Campos is. And here's the best one of all if you're not impressed yet. Patric a darbo. Now do you know who that is? She's the big mom of daytime drama. She's on the days of our lives. Wait, 700 pounds easy. She is one of these sexiest. Here comes one. Meals from months ago are coming back up. Just taking a look at that post. Taking a look at the picture of this 780 pound cow is the page big enough. No. That's why they've only got her from the Mario Lopez. Okay. Mario, there is nothing alive. Even insects wouldn't touch you, Mario. Mario's on Pacific Blue. Oh, here's Laura Flynn Boyle. Who looks like she weighs about 18 pounds dripping wet? Week. I give her about a 7 and 3 quarters just because I'm in a good mood. The bod squad put these three dikes together and you still don't have what a real woman. Who the hell is the bod squad? What is that? Or from Roller Jam, they're jamming it. I can't tell you where because it's again, f*** a law. Vincent Young from Beverly Hills 90210, Vincent Young on a scale of one to 1.3. And then they've got some other people that they say are still sexy. Here's Tom Selux. She's looking pretty good. Fair off faucet. Richard Chamberlain, she ain't looking too bad. Angie Dickinson and Kenneth Mosch-Macho Angie Dickinson or David Cassidy. Oh, you people. I'm telling you good for some life. Okay, take a peek at that if you haven't already. 560560, what I'm here is a call from downtown Miami. Okay. Yes sir. Sorry about that. Well, I was going to say about your friend who you were trying to get the hockey tickets. My most personal best friend. Yes. Well, it's the shame that people are so jaded that he would think of you and if he don't know what he's thinking, but if he thinks of you as like some kind of sugar daddy, just trying to pick up on him and I'll just some nice guy that's just you know, because these at this day and age, you can't do that. The same thing. It's the same kind of thing with there's an elementary school near my house. I try to go there and exercise one morning at seven, 15 in the morning and the lady comes over and says, you can't come. You can't exercise here. Well, you the other thing too. When you can't exercise here. Yeah. Because there's kids here. And I said, the kids can't do anything. What does that mean? I you're not allowed on the property. When there's kids on the property. I can't I was just wait, you know, I guess it depends on what you're exercising. That's true, too. But Neil. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I thought you hung up on me. Oh, yeah. Now I forgot I was going to say okay. Everything. I'm out of the door. And don't exercise it too hard. Okay, we got 18 hemidopaline. Yeah, this is a very sad thing about America, about this whole deal we got here. Now sexual harassment, everybody is afraid of touching it. It's the only way that you're allowed to touch anybody else is if you're in a uniform. Then you can touch away. You can do a little grab ass. Give a nice big fat pat on the. That's right. Squeeze and hug and kiss and on the cheek. Everybody's high five and low five and handslapping. Asked 11 if you're in a uniform. If it's a sports thing, a real manly thing where there could be no question about your masculine. Then it's okay. Somebody mentioned this last week. But if a school teacher practicate on the shoulders is nice job, Johnny. Oh, my god. Child molester Peter Files. You're going straight to jail. Unlike those priests who we just reassign when they get caught. You're going straight to jail. Nobody can touch each other. Like even at work. You know, I can't just walk in the other room right now and give my producer a big hug and a kiss on the lips of that. I mean, that would be sexual harassment immediately. You know? Even though it would not be that it would just be a sign of affection and great job well done. That's all it would be. It's always a good idea to take appropriate precautionary measures especially when there's a curse on your family. If a prince did so, you have no aspirations of pursuing a high profile position. I sent $50 to the Dorotheco Gallant Foundation because somebody with the Wemi on my family and I don't want to die. I don't go dead. You are correct, Junior. I am not easily led to water. I know that confounded the bridge. Yes, you are. Tell me step-for-there is a matter of fact I have been stole. They are safety matters. The shot of my bed and I have been in my car. Special safety bags over my head and down to my head. There's a good idea, Junior. Then remember to wear wear. You always wear wear, you can never be too careful. You're right. As you have been given a lot of thought to the Kennedy Curse. Are you a family and view of the recent events surrounding Russia? Yes, it's easily found all around. I am ashamed. I'm ashamed. I'm ashamed. While you are even as you're we speased and with every hour that passes more and more, I'll be also. You're a bad judge. Come and think of it. I'm going to die. No, I know. I know. I know. I'm going to die. I need to go to the old FAT woman. There's no need to remind me, Junior. There's a point is we both would be well advised. Did you watch Red Nibli or four? You walk a rectangle chat guide. Don't step on any crap chat to break the rosemary's back. Or you scare your rubbish, put in your pants. I must get a lot of trouble. This message is painful. By the Dorothy Tour delimit foundation. No! Man, if you don't know who that is, read a goddamn book. Yeah. Okay. It's a minute after what you know is how a book of wine is obsessed with Dorothy, Phil, Galen, by the way. I just mentioned it in passing. I mean, it's a good bit. But is it? So maybe that's why I had that belching over the top of it. You can hear the beginning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. The Henry Goldberg show. From Schuillis State 2 and 2 o'clock today. Hank, who had it right, the Herald was usual. We'll full a crap. And then we got the a pre-game show at six o'clock as Leigh Bond returns to South Florida. Not the pitch for the Marlins in the Marlin game. The pitch for the Giants against the Marlins in the Marlin game 7, 0, 5, the night. I mean, that in itself should tell you everything you need to know. Come on out and see Leigh Bond. Come on and see those good guys that we got rid of. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a opinion on a arena that they're going to build or at the stadium. And they'll build it. You're right, you're now. That's kind of your unit. Uh-huh. They're good. Yeah. And also that guy of a print. I think you spoke the, uh, what do you mean before you go on the play of the unit? Up there. 560560, palm 560, on the AT&T, wireless line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hello, me, you know. Yes. Neil, I got a comment. You know how we're always saying how miserable the old fought are and how no beast we just put more than them. I got to tell you a quick story to happen to me over the week. Nobody squeezes was. Yeah. So that's a lot. Yeah. Uh, I went into the public. I need to start an air conditioner filter. And the size I needed is one guy put the last 12. Okay. The guy I didn't even get a lift. The usual last 12. Well, last 12, I needed a certain size. Not about planning ahead. The guy won't even live. The usual. What do you do change it every day? There's one of the days like butter. I don't know. Maybe users from for underwear could be there. Oh, yeah. So I just could do me a favor. I just could you show me one. I just I only need one. I think I want to have a fight with me. Yeah. But what is it with these people? How old was he? He was old at Inter. Well, the life of the late. My office at Crap Autumn. He could get arrested. Not a house. The guy doesn't have many shopping days left anyway. Listen, New York, I call someone a douchebag. Go ahead. Joe, you're a flaming douchebag. And you could you should only get run on the by your truck. I wrote. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. It's that Monday, baby. It's Monday, August 9. It's been nice to everybody else day. Except for Neil because he's an SEO, let's you're in a bag and a purvert to which we say. Oh. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the 18 and two miles. I'm out of my house, Larry night doing, Lately. And by seeing him. How's he doing? That'll teach you. Not to speak to me. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. I had called the Hank Goldberg on Friday about this stadium issue. Yes, man. And I really listened to this show. I listened to you all the time. Mm-hmm. And I told him. As I was listening, all these colors are calling and saying, oh, I'd like to see the stadium. Why? I heard your call. You said, where's the outrage? Yeah. I heard that. I was like, I mean, a bitch. But he's sitting there a couple of days saying that we don't need it. We don't need it. But it sounds like he wants it. He's letting everybody say, well, okay, it kills a lot of good time when you look people calling. Well, here's six. So I know which one do you like? See, I don't understand that either for the life of me. What is the whole thing? How can you say we don't want it? We don't want to spend a tax money. And then turn around and say, okay, but where are you really want it? Yeah. It's like you wanted to say, you wanted to say, and let me tell you something. They screened my call. I called and the guy says, what do you want to talk about? Yeah. I said, oh, and how about when you called this show? You never screened. No. And I call it a few times. But see, shows where they do heavy game. My phone calls are doomed to fade or I'll tell you. I want to know. I don't want to pick on the Humper, but when you start over screening, it just takes away the edge. And I told him I said, you're screening my call. Uh-huh. No, I just want to know what you're going to talk about. Tell me something. Tell me something. Anyway, I'm not a bit. I just do not see any news. No, you made a great point. I heard the call. I just like I said, building Washington, DC, those were the best two calls that I heard. He needs to figure out what he really wants. That's he want to go for the stadium or the stadium. But you'll notice that most of the people on his radio station are writing the fence. They're going to start getting real bad, jock rash. If they don't cut the crap or he's soon. They're writing the fence and on a one hand, oh yeah, we don't pay more tax money. But what do you think? How ought to be hearing it makes all a sense downtown? It doesn't make any sense downtown in Miami or Florida. Oh, why the mile and anyway? In addition to which when you look at this list, how do you get to any of these places? Oh, yeah. The other guys as well, I hope they provide transportation. Hello, we just had a transportation time. But you know, we said no. I'll tell you my favorite, the least favorite. Waterhill, sunrise and stay-roads. Do you have any ideas? I do. You have any clue as to how congested it is already in an area? We don't need it. Unbelievable. Just they know sweetheart. No. I said no, but I'm a bit for saying no and he can stick in in his ass. Okay. Thanks, bye. I thought past them as long. Hey, thanks. Stick up your ass, okay. Oh my God. 567560, pomphide 60 on the 18T wireless line. Oh, by the way, how do my friend is on Sentinel radio over there and I'm going to have a 91195. I promised I'd say hi to her that they between one and two and I did. But an isolated she is. She's out there preling it at the paper two every morning. Right on the corner there by 595 and um, not real, snobhill. 567560, pomphide 60 on the 18T wireless line. Here's 14 Lucy. Hello. Tom Green, Phil Henry, Neil God. Well, guess what? It didn't make it on the air Greg. How do you like that? This is your old buddy. It thinks because George is off this week, he's going to get on the air and I'm going to leave it on the air. Oh, no, Greg. Oh, answer is no, you're not my buddy. You're an in basil. You're a maniac. You're a mental defective. You're a sad tragic, no life, low life piece of walking, turned with two ears. That's what you are, Greg. We don't want to talk to you. We don't want any part of you. We don't want to know from you. We think that you've got kudis, baby. We think you've got airy disease that's ever been invented and something that haven't discovered yet by modern medical science. But soon maybe a plague and epidemic. So everybody, please stay away from Greg, from Bointenbeats and Porto Lucy and wherever the hell I'll see you hanging out. And you notice the good news is they kid moving them farther and farther and farther away. Any direction, do east would be good. Make your next move. Do east about 50 miles out there. See, what have I said? Is a chronic callers have been told people are for years. That's one of the reasons that this show succeeds. We don't let the show get overtaken by chronic misfits like Greg from Bointenbeats, Porto Lucy, wherever the hell she's coming today. God, that's simply whining desperate voice. In fact, you know something next time, I'll stick your ass on a plane next to Nelson and the two of you can sit there and have a good time together. And go get your own goddamn hockey tickets both of you. Oh my God. Get your hands in fear. Now smoke your hands. Put your mouth in the air. You've put your word in, now. You take your support out to those homes. You don't get the teachings because they should use all your shouting, but they do not look like you ever change. If you were to catch me too, and I hear it's on me brave For the bullets is not brave But you're right, follow it in So it's a wonky bokeh No Take your right, follow it out Through the wonky bokeh No Not if you do what they're To a wonky bokeh Take your own self out I'm through the wonky bokeh That's you in the hope it's hokey No, she was the hope it's hokey Speaking of a few themselves the brim and by the way, let's take up an office pool What will be the date? How many more weeks? How many more months? Before tide wreck is got all of his spots, cancel off this y'all All of it Let's start drawing straws right now And stick him up his back Here's the Fort Lodderdale, hello Neil Yes sir Mr. Ninon Ninon, I think you issued his challenge last Friday Yeah, I remember what it was about Starting with DNA situation with the Jewish Oh yeah, right And I know you mentioned about Bocavrine in the guitar man But the challenge is a challenge Right So I just did some analysis and I just wanted to let you know that There's a little bit of Al Sharpton's a little bit of a book Would you believe it? He's just like Neil and I Love eating hath arrived And show Griffin to change a metal Could you conceive a boy such a living doll in her mixed with shawl? Mendoch Tyson's Sephardic Stevie Wonder and Spike Lee All right, they have all been dawning since Ryan Paxa hoist first took a piece Oh, J.B. came has civic would you believe it? No Harvests and loves his Tits is too As a matter of fact DNA claim his shrots is all our pistol Yeah, there is Along with Orthodox conversion by you Where's Yuskha Jackson? You Jaime Town Robin Jew I always accept the challenge Oh, I'm all right, I guess I'll jump. Thank you. They'll be god bless you Okay, 56050560 On the 18th E.W.R.L.S. line where you want that stadium? I'll let's hear I'm sure we're gonna be here in days and days of that hours and hours and hours On this radio station. Which one do you like? What's behind door number three? What's behind box number five? Who's the buried in Grandstoe? What's that? I'm so lucky. It's gonna be going on and on and just keep it simple. Okay? Oh, two letter words just say no All I can say about that John Henry is Great, you have a lot of cooked by here's Hollywood hello Hey Neil how are you? Pretty good sir. I think that he's a lamb or a sheep or whatever you call it And the sheep's clothing. Yeah, he's a corporate rater And we're not we're not building a stadium. We were building we weren't gonna build a high-dinger stadium That's right and that's why I stole the team. He knew we were gonna build a lot of items Damn and you know something whether it's housing or this guy trying to pretend to be a good guy like you say Trying to pretend to be Mr. Nice guy and what it's not gonna fly We're what I follow for it. They already had a team They didn't have to give the whole goddamn team away and start from scratch and the fact you know to me It's not so much to leave on thing with a man-man-tizing here's a young kid There was a hundred miles an hour isn't making all that much money if you're really our serious about building a great franchise Who better to build it as far as having a stop or why I came in a bullpen? How could you ask for anybody better definitely? And they treat him away and expect him to be a little more prospect. It reminds me of the Panthers with Chris Wells to think just so I had to get oh He's a project a prospect People are one of petacy prospects. They want to petacy talent These are corporate reiterates and still a deal with him and we and I still say you know still say that was a backdoor deal I believe you I believe we we've got to stop on it He's doing everything we know did and told him to do right anyway You know just a Mandalay Bay The Mandalay Bay it's kind of a great pool scene, but it's a little Not Bologna was the place to go. I still thank you. I like MGM MGM. Yeah, it's cutting old though. I like MGM And Neil last comment I have is I'm working here in Hollywood. I think you do too and they had another one of these Shines where some kids were killed in a drag accident and they had people going to a standing around it and putting There and I did my comment is what about the people they put at risk when they drag race downshare and at 120 miles an hour right exactly I don't get it. Okay. Thanks. Yeah 560 50560 pound five 60 on a 18 T line of course we're getting reports at a lot of these good Drag race and now these terrible things that are happening because of that auto racing show that Joe Costello is doing Uncertainty morning from 6 to 7 on this station It all those kids up there really early on a Saturday morning get him all hot up and with up this speed thing, you know I don't want to start playing the blame at Joe's feet just because they gave them those dolphin tickets But I think he understands he's got a big big go responsibility there 560 50560 pound five 60 on a 18 T wireless line Here's what says probably a chronic Julio in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, yeah, I got admit that I look at the morning. I want to see you look at the Marlin I won't look at this. Here's a lady in plantation. Hello Lady in plantation where they're way to you up Hello, yes, man. Okay, the nature is I'm going wrong. That's close enough. Oh listen my boyfriend just introduced me to you show recently And he told me this about this hilarious just that you have about the the back type Yeah, if there any chance that you could put that on today. Oh work on it Well, thank you so much. I appreciate it. I like to show thank you so much. Okay. Bye bye. Long neighbor. See you Bye One of my neighbors. How do you like that? We played for one of the neighbors. Oh come on. Don't be such a hard ass 560 50560 pound five 60 on a 18 T wireless line. We got two or three hundred open lines You look for Monday. I'll be honest with you. I'm not doing too bad. I'm getting a little bit more conversation today Then I had on a plane last night. I'll say that I mean, I know the guy's under the weather. He's gotten them on you. He's sniffling and blowing his nose and the whatever You can get his uh thing on but yeah, just not right sweetheart not right not good not good I mean don't pierce me through the heart until there's a good reason Here's a mobile and highly hello and I know God yes, sir Just that's an observation here don't don't drop on me, but uh go ahead. I know that you don't have anyone seen Neil got in Spanish Yeah, I mean I think it would just be heard someone to say Neil you'll feel yeah Ben yeah, I have to be a little better than that one, but oh yeah, I like to do my act of trouble Neil Right, can you get brick here? Okay. Well work on it. All right. Thanks. What's this question? Okay, let's get in this money. All right. Let's see how do you say it in the Tatiano? Huh? I don't know 560 560 pound 560 on a 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile info waterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you? Great You're in a change channel here for you on this second. I got a question for you about satellite this is uh That okay sure Okay, I have the big dish. I called you once a flight before about it. We bought the house a two month ago and the dish came with the house and the subscription Post in the December. It came with one the came with a big dish Fish with an FH What I'm trying to figure out is now on our HBO channel. I don't have to put in a big black screen up there There says you know call this number for the order HBO and all sorts of it's supposed to come with the dish. We had it all this time and now they put this thing up What would you need to suppose to come with the dish? I don't understand. Do you have a subscription to that? Yeah, well the subscription runs out in December and we've been watching all the HBO channels in so forth for the first two months Right and now they're putting this big black screen up on the But who you program provider? That's what I have to find out who's here Huh? And how do I find out up the guy that I bought the house from isn't hearing anymore? Oh Yeah, okay, you know you know when I would do because I think they all You get satellite TV week at least you get the TV book No, no We buy we buy it a border. Yeah, well, I'm saying is pick up well any copy of it. I call HBO and they can they can tell you who you're getting it through if you're not getting you directly from them And then you'll call them at the rate of 100 number and see what the problem is oh So I could call the HBO number and they could tell me that right because if you are paid up and you have a legitimate subscription They can click it on and you'll get it back like in five seconds while you're talking them. That just could be a hit Okay, okay One more thing before you go. Yes, sir. Uh, the wife and I just came back in Jamaica What a sewer Never go there at the biggest waste of time. Why did you go there? I mean if you want to do you can come down here and loads of makeup Why would you go there? My wife Colombian so she thought it'd be a nice change and you know, it's just it's stuck We got food poisoning we ate it the weight in the grill as always all inclusion resorts and it sucks Stay away from there. Don't ever go. Okay, it's ready to take away her visa and her American Express Run away to Green Card. Okay. See you she's from Colombia. Oh, I did mention it one of my trips So a few weeks ago the Colombian some of they won Colombian team was on there and they were so ugly. I mean, oh God How can it be somebody I mean Colombian people ordinary generally speak a man? I don't care what you say the Colombian people are really beautiful people But not these they must have like jamb all the everyone's on one plane if you think I was on there What I think didn't speak to me either. How do you like that? Five six seven. It's could be coming in epidemic thing five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line here's a call from Lanta Hey, me are you doing here's a call from Lanta with her kill each other Yes, you That's right remember I was one that called about a month ago and said that I wanted to move to the moon and get out of the hell Miami Yeah, yeah, and I'm taking a two-week road trip out of Miami I'm getting the hell out of here. You know I'm going out of my family. I just call me. I wouldn't have been there. I wouldn't stay in Atlanta too long pal Maybe I'll show it road trip I know that. Oh, I know that. I just want to see you In fact, I think that I think that they may be following you up the Hershey highway all those dumb crazy bad. Yeah Yeah, I was only ever to get a quick request Can you can you can you say really and then go like a five-second pause? I'd say even apple no But have a great time. Okay. Good luck to pro Roy He's an asshole only a one second pause. Okay. That's all time allows 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line more rolling along singing a song Yeah, I think I'm gonna beat this cool, you know There's nothing more to me when you wake up in a morning used to get that scratchy throat and you did it and then you kind of hit take some aspirin some suit of thread Whatever you like to take and for a day two days three days you fight it off you fight it off and you pray that it just doesn't break you know No so far now can breathe Don't have like a real raw sore throat the prognosis is good for tomorrow. I'll tell you that right now. How do you like that? Although I might just go down half out of plane tonight. See if I can find somebody else not to talk to Yes, what you're not getting on here either asshole Andy from Hollywood is he getting on here? Oh, he's not getting on here either, okay? All the chronics all the no lives Okay, let's take a collection back so we can got it by Andy from Hollywood a classroom me bag Yeah, he's young guy, but I think it needs to be stuck in his push That's where this thick bit too right in his push. What did stuff line by the way wants to make sure everything's going okay in here Huh You coming to be in my book of Brian stuff coming give you a little pen on the back 560 50560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Wireless line 125 a QM. How do you like that? We did not hear from Vulcan from what's his name from Andy from Hollywood He didn't hear from what's his name from a poor chain Lucy Greg They thought we did but we didn't See I'm getting that maybe it was a plane trip thing. I'm getting it down to a science You know people you don't want to say anything to you just don't talk to good thickening Oh WM Sales department. Yes. I'm interested in buying some time on your radio station I'll choose it for a spot. Oh I don't go I seem to remember It was around a hundred above yeah By the spot Isn't that around $100 no not a hundred dollars lower lower around a $100 no Go lower around a hundred dollars No lower At five 60 W QAM We're always ready to serve is your account 100 Uh God how they get repair on the line that was incredible 130 see one thing about this joint is that nobody has any respect for their leaders You know from so like we have 55 sales managers, but no matter what they say all the sales people go Yeah, whatever you say and then you just do whatever it all So here's Mike in line it has become a real chronic factor. I mean really really chronic But I understand probably we don't have time to call. Maybe he's got a real high squeaky seven in the work something like that Now this goes back to my conversation about my former very short term friend Nelson from the Toronto Miami trip It says what may have happened is that the initial conversation went well and which point you inform them of your occupation Well guess what Mike He went on for that Iran because he's the one that told me that he knew me from the TV show He knew who I was okay. That's the worst part and he still initiated the conversation So I had reason to assume that it wasn't psychotic afraid. I was gonna squeeze his etc. Which I'm not He probably listened to the show during the following weeks, perhaps on the internet and discovered that you were gay He is obviously homophobic which explains his indifference behavior during your reincarnation I agree with a previous color that the aggressiveness and assertiveness was what you speak Does not resemble a stereotypical demeanor that may have established many of his status for homosexuals Otherwise you may have disagree with something you said under radio, but that should have sparked further conversation and discussion Yes Be ready to stay near issue. I've always felt that this is not a baseball town They're hockey your basket ball for that matter. This is a football frenzy town It's funny how sad what it was strip of hosting baseballs all star game But was awarded the Super Bowl after the original fight San Francisco could not make necessary renovations to its stadium. Have a great day Only stop it. Okay. I'll stop follow me ahead You do that so well, you know Thank you Anyway, how did the sunset and lady again at 5.95 and stuff and I already said that but she is so nice, you know You know who else I should say hi to more often. I hope she's working today who always see here This is exactly the contrary. Let's look at a bright side the contrary to some solopose who thinks that I'm after his body Or chasing him or trying to give away too much free stuff and it's this vicious and I'm trying to I'm stalking I don't care, but here's my good friend Sylvia that works on the turnpike told Plazzy No Sylvia you ever go through the solbo there the right here the cumin on you know Sylvia she is my favorite if I were a Heterware sexual of any age I would just drive through there in my corporate Whist her out of that booth and just head on down and Hershey highway you'd never see her again. I love you Sylvia My favorite what are you smart you know her I see her well you don't see very excited about her. She's she's great She's a sweetheart every time she's not working every day in there But when I'm going home and she happens to be working that day and always gives me a big hello and have a nice day and I'll Hey Sylvia how you know and it makes me feel a little bit better why can't we make people feel better about each other It's that a paranoid and psychotic and delusional and hateful and whatever else most people are Maybe then not so many people will be alone each of his brains out God Here's a mobile in Cabernero ball places hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey Phil. How you doing all right? I just want to say I don't even have the keys right here and I'm saying just saying not First of all just say no, right keep that in okay whatever you say so he said it's bull crap up here But they have a habit I keep saying Shit a lot And then of course John Henry called and you miss this call it's morning said I must be crazy. I must be nuts Yeah, we said hey for once you said something to make sense. We don't Here's St. Petersburg. Hello Hello, doctor. Yes You know wanting to the people of Florida remember probably the four years ago We've got a stadium built up here now the choirs who is a very similar tool that you got with the With the big H down there You know the choirs are going to generously donate the The stadium that was built here in Tampa back to the county because there's a 30 million dollar text below And Oda it now and the taxpayers are going to have to pay the cover It's actually a good one. Yes, so they're going to nice. It would be nice guys give it a good. Oh right Have a good one. You're actually a good news. Oh, you're showing. Thank you. Love you And by the way nice that ice palace they got that are in Tampa They're really doing going to do well there. Aren't they? Oh, yeah. They built that's a beautiful place I hear that's the turn different place. They played already They finally got a right the only problem is they don't have a team that's the only little problem there It's the trigger in the wood pile Kind of like the panthers. We got nice arena. We got popbell bray We got the Ray Whitney. We got redic dvork mark perish anybody else. Oh Oh, I guess who I saw speaking of plain trips guess who I saw coming off the plane on Friday night sitting there My international all alone just waiting to get on a goddamn plane not really all other excited Whether Nelson was there or not which he wasn't guess who got out the plane on the incoming Billy Lindsay Oh How you like that good guy Did I say hello? No, I was just sitting there waiting No, you know, I don't want it like in true. I don't want to bother this guy and I didn't see me it wouldn't know me from my she put the get anyway Looking pretty good Billy not like Ray Whitney, but you look okay to me See that's why I didn't say hello That's right 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's Fort Lauderdale hello Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay, okay? You barely hear you sir barely hear because our phones yesterday is really you have to speak up in a bear now. There you go Okay, first time call her and draw your show great little dv show to anybody But I still must know not throw it in a wedding, but anyway, they killed it You know I just want to discuss the design for many first one. I am black and I got a big time problem with this thing with the state group of key to kill the girl You're the big The states were brewed in one Group of key to kill the little six year old girl all the kid yeah, you know we got all the time you're okay that way like 600 pounds of every Again, this is a little very hugged you dead. Yeah, now this is my problem. Give me a black, okay? You can't tell me had this been okay Or my kid that it about a common person to walk a life They would have had 10 of them that they see in the world Come vision news network. I'm all right. Yeah, I have to the microphone It trips it up remote all night long They would have had everybody there The state try to exclude mad and everything and think I don't like about it Just because you stay true, but she's yet the sure face on a TV to say yeah, I apologize I'm sorry that has nothing one thing about her only and you know it is mild me like Every time I go down what is constantly a south water it's like they put on a pedestal Untouchable is like they just you know like they exalt them or something Yeah, well somebody said before that the you know the thing with the prostitution ring that there's a major internal investigation But you know something I'm holding my breath and waiting you bet the see it blow you I hate to see it but you probably turn as dark as I am before it happens right have a good one I'm working on it. Bye. See you I'm working on it baby. I got that sunlight on me right now And I'm still a writer shade of pale 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line God, how did I do this today? You know we're almost we're almost done. How did I do this? Not that I want to pat myself on a back being the great guy that I am and thinking is generous and you know these news I am inspired of the fact that people are running and screaming. Oh, I mean it's Spider-Man No sleep and fact you know something maybe my the sleep that I did get with that stretch of I 75 between the very beginning there on my meigurton's drive and Surprised what about maybe I did take an ice nap there. Oh, maybe it was on autopilot could be I Fall work is In the LC be so and better Shep just like it ladies never should use the bow lot You gonna see the lift�op is up if when people get There's dance, both in title and fucking nerd. And at least once a week. What do we hear you come up here? actually a nick. What do you think about me? Oh, so we said to wonderful... And can he fake his lip or hour? Beautiful teeth and his beard. Even not black words, he made this week an age form noor. KEEP go virtual kind of so soon that's who an uplook coming up soon. So what site do you guys like? site number one. Here's Darrell. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon too. One Pummeridge. Oh, well that was bad. It was. It sounded really good. No, I'm very bad. I'm a week like El Martino. I need to be slept in the side of the face. I also want to talk about this stadium. Yes. Which site do you like pal? What are our number seven is my favorite? What site? Yeah. Did you say that he wants to build a one place and buy something on a park. Yeah. Another place in Miami River Miami River. Yeah. Right in the middle of the Miami River. Yeah. You know, it's like has anybody even attempted to ask him, you know, have you have you seen the games? No one goes to the games? Do you really think this new stadium? Who's it going to bring, you know, what people because, you know, they're already know that the given people here in Miami don't go to the game today. They couldn't care less. They don't give a flying crap less. You know, that's right. In addition, which after the voters just turned down the penny sales tax in Dave County, does he really believe no matter how stupid he is? Is he really thinking as wild as dreams that the voters at the date are going to approve any kind of tax to go to the goddamn stadium? I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. Absolutely not. And what I've noticed is that now people here in Miami and brought the T-Broadcast Miami, got a little smarter when it comes to this stuff, you know, people trying to buy us into, you know, this is never going to be a bit of a big burden. So many times, and live with so many times that they're finally learned. There's a great word. That's really easy. Exactly. Really. Absolutely. Like I told you before, I used to never vote. Yeah. But now I do because I'm tired of this. I'm tired of this. I get my friends to vote and you know, look at the numbers, you know, and the voting just for this penny tax. Another thing, a different issue. The, the teams that were dragging racing. Do you see the newspaper and the meet in the news and what the car looked like and everything? Yeah. They deserved it. If they're going to be racing like that in the streets, they deserve it. Just like these kids that have these loud mufflers or not even notice every time they're running around and then the car makes a lot of noise. Yeah. On the muffler, because my dad takes the bus. Everywhere he goes, and I cringe every time I hear that there was an accident and it took all, you know, it took like people waiting on the bus. And like, you know, killed a couple of people. I cringe at that. So if you're going to race and you die, you deserve it. There you go. Thank you. And have a great day. You're too sure. Well, that's pretty brutal. But you know, something may have had a point. John Henry warned that a privately built stadium would be smaller. I leave no extra money in his pocket to improve the team by increasing his payroll. He'll build a stadium. But what he standards, he won't have money for a team. We'll have an empty stadium. It'll look real good. Maybe we'll even reduce the prices on a refreshment because we won't have to pay all those overpaid ball players. But there'll be no team in there. What do you think? Oh, for it. I say, put up or shut up. Go ahead and build a stadium. Okay. We like it as long as it's with your money. We don't care if it's too small. We don't give a crap. Down scale. Don't be serious guy. They got $195 million stadium in Texas. They got a $295 stadium in Bud Sealy's place in the Milwaukee for the Brewers. But we want to have a $400 million dollar. And by the way, speaking of retractable roof up there in Toronto where they got that sky dome for the last year now, they're having a big song to dance about how much money they're losing and who's going to have to buy that thing and they're going to continue to be able to maintain it and will they keep playing there? And that thing's only a few years old relatively speaking. It's a beautiful, it's a beautiful, it's a beautiful, it's a place. But oh, we don't know. And yeah, okay. And guess what? Since they got spoiled with those two world series, when they're not exactly packing them in, even though they're in that hot, a wild card race where they read sucks. They're still not packing them in anywhere near like what they were those years. So you can keep trying to rape the public as much as you want in squeeze and more blood out of a rock and they finally no matter where it is, they finally say, oh no. And who the who the hell was it? Always defaulted. Well, you know, before he's always riding that fence, but he's got he's got chapsois all over his body, that guy. Ride in the fence big time this morning about, well, you know, people really got turned out in the beginning and they got all wound up in the excitement of the champion. They didn't get wound up in the excitement of a championship season until the guy damn world gets serious, baby, because even in the playoff games they couldn't sell him out that year. This team drew a true man, three minute people at first year because of the novelty of it. And after that the attendance, he gets going down, and down because it's not a freaking baseball town. And stop trying to pedal guy damn hollow out of the Eskimo as they don't like it. Here's Len Tanah. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Do you throw that Len Phillips to the chance to rush for a thousand yards this season? Oh, yeah. I think it could be a just runner from the polis. I think I think it's a great comeback for him. Okay. Good. I'm happy for a call. I'll pack you talk about stupid crap like that. Okay. I want to support you as a fact. Don't call up. I can't call up any capillan and bet on with them. All right. It's a great comeback. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. More lines like you, sir. I want to stay demon every street corner because you don't have a brain. You don't have one little even teeny tiny particle of a brain and you're taking up space and breathing oxygen that's some useful being even a goddamn dog could be taken up and you're wasting it. Did he say waste of his ever he said? You're on. Oh. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. I'm a lady in Kendall. Who was in every day? Great. Good for you. I have a solution for John Henry. Uh-huh. I think that the best thing you should do keep the marlins right there in P.P. Park and they should install retractable roll, roll shutters for the 6,000 or so loyal fans that go in the 140 degree. Well, they could just give out perusals. Sounds good. Yeah. And then everybody who comes in gets a few perusals sounds good to me. And the players they can play right under can't be. The can't appeal right. There you go. Uh-huh. And Neil before I go, I have one request. There you go. It's dedicated to John Henry. Okay. Can you play that Charlton test and thing? Charlton has been saying. Is that one? That's right. Okay. And how great do you have a see you? Okay. Let me be for two at five, 50 WQM. Well, it's turned out to be a fairly reasonable day. These people have been fairly sociable here today. I'm like some people at the airport. Who look at you like you got a leprosy and paulsy? It was out here. I guess it was just even at my fancets. There are always new experiences that you encounter in life. And that's, you know, I mean, as far as rejection is concerned, I am used to rejection like sometimes 10 times in a day, but that's another story for another, you know. That don't bother me. But don't give me a big song to dance in and say, oh, geez. I mean, God, take a look at you. Yeah, you're got to point about that.