Sports radio 560 WQAM my amyport Loderdale presents the Neil Rodgers show Talk to Neil called 566-056 The told free verded rower or pound 560 on your cell call No the opinions of Neil his guests callers Or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley read acquisitions for the Beesley Rodgers group No Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA It's Friday you first I'll be the third free win It's upheaval But not for too long I'll rock by us Thankfully not go through the crowd I'll paint the whiteest shoes I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win You can't fail and we got these fenders Talk to me just because we've got these things And I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win Files The third free win Files But not paying to this wrong The third free win Oh God Next, I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win Oh God Do you know what I'm saying? I'll be the third free win Oh God I've got to spell on you And I can do anything I'll do the third free win Oh God Yeah, you just keep on buying this And I'll be the third free win I'll be the third free win There you go 10 or 3 at 5. 60 WQM happy Friday 2. Well this is great. San the Shandas came in And we got a giveaway here Which we never give stuff when to show But we're going to make an exception to that Because we got something big coming up tomorrow Really big about I would say like about this big Table for you and three friends at the NHL Draft Party Tomorrow at Shuelas enjoy free food and drinks with the QAM staff We'll be broadcasting live noon tomorrow Jolty will be there Jeff Rimmer will be there Which by the way if there's any charge for any of this he'll pick up the tap You know what I'm saying? And the Randy Mower my close personal friend my hero Randy Who's in the building this morning he'll be there All three of the broadcasting from the NHL Draft tomorrow And on air signings and autographs Peter Wall Well Chris Wells There you go Paul Laws and Stanley C. Panther will be there signing autographs Well at least we got one real panther player there Tomorrow Paul Laws nice going air ball And Peter and Chris and Stanley So you know it's something to do We'll just give it away to putting fire to hockey fan out there That has three friends you think there's such a person in this audience No no and maybe we can give it to some holio Yes, Sam says give it to us pick you know because Then we can teach those holios about hockey And then it will make very jackass a lot happier too Because then we can be like a little more Hispanic around here Like 1700 Waffen The fan Which by the way in case you don't have the hero this morning Second and a 700 part series by Barry Jack and That's right A the second and a 45,000 part series about Waffen 1700 the big competition for QAM which word just in our pants all over the place Aren't we low The squad all looks forward to challenge of sports talk radio which I'll get to this in a minute But of course Barry are going on and I'm just sucking heavy duty over there Praying that maybe somebody over there will talk to him since nobody here except Greg Reed will speak to him Praying that maybe somebody might be able to pick up 1700 on the dial Goes to a big song of dance not only about how more testy the strata is going to be such a great broadcaster And we certainly hope he's going to be better broadcast to anyone's baseball player here for the Marlins Which is why they did boom in the second year boot em all the way to Japan But then he goes on about all my gosh if the dandelion bastard joins the strata and am I saying his name wrong this guy Kalotta you if he joins them on the show that will give the station for his panic talk show host joining evening host Juni Prado She probably can depress in a market with a largest panic base. It's surprising WQM does not have a regular Hispanic talk show By the way, does WYNZ have a regular talk show host no no when I OD when we were doing talking I would either have a regular Hispanic talk show host WD snooze K18 Oh, any other uh English language station I can take off. No, but very fine. Did very surprising see she I hate to break the news to you very because I know you're a dumb little putwacker But let me explain somebody. Okay, you little plus people turn on a radio to hear somebody who's entertaining They're not gonna rat ass about their ethnic background. Okay, they don't care how much ball they played like orange for Marty is he still on the air No, I Mean come on Barry talk about stretching it Jesus, it's gonna fall off of you stretch it any farther Barry man The second and a 45,000 part series about Athens a station that most people can't pick up on their goddamn radio But anyway, look at look at the tremendous response we got here to give away this thing. He said that I should screw up my show again I want to do this right at the beginning you get out of the way so we don't have to screw up the whole show with this crap Because give away as you know how give away is go over an issue. I'm a pregnant pole vault or in the middle of the July heat There's only one call on a board which means nobody wants to go to the NHL draft party tomorrow free food for you and your friends free food and drinks with a QM staff hang around with guilty Or probably because remember's gonna be there. They don't want Yeah, I can understand that the rim man is gonna be there. Yeah Here's Miami. Hello, hey, that's not the WPA draft party. Yeah, the WBA. That's the one I want to go to. Okay. Sorry. WQAM Yes, sir. Good morning. What is this? I was wondering if I might be the person you would give that package to for tomorrow night. It's for tomorrow at noon, so I'll give the time right. Maybe I might give it to you tomorrow at noon No, you got it. The NHL draft party. See nobody out here even knows that there isn't NHL draft party because the whole morning this morning Well they didn't have Randy molder in there. But they're talking about this Schwarzer Larry Johnson and Papa. But in all of this crap that he's talking trash Does anybody surprise that some Schwarzer's talking trash you surprised oh, and by the way we got some of the clips we'll tell you later And he's so then a literate I mean, what do you expect? Maybe if you got a brand Larry, okay? Maybe then some of your other folks might get out of the goddamn ghetto, okay This slave mentality, you know how it's like a concentration camp mentality. How long can you keep doing that? How long can you keep using that as an excuse, Larry, for being illiterate? And you ought to kiss the ground that you're making any money, for being a stupid job, okay? Opening a head by the way, so Bill Walton did smoke some dope at UCLA. That's the only good thing we can say about it. After hanging out with Patty Hurst all that time, you hung out with that bitch. You'd be smoking a lot of weed too, okay? Larry, you're just jealous. Okay, I'll get let those phones ring. I'll get to them. We'll find a winner. We'll get to disgusting thing out of the way. WQAM. Yeah, let's take one at the nail blade. Okay, hold on. WQAM. QAM. How you doing now? Great. All right. How much 25 year old will you? Yeah. It doesn't know nothing about hockey. Right. But I'll take the tickets so that could learn. Take the tickets to what? To the NHL drop party. Yeah. You have three friends? Yeah, I got three friends. Are they all who they are? They're all who you are. Yeah. Did they know anything about hockey at all? Well, they know where to take the stick, a puck on that. They know how to stick it. They know how to stick it in the net. And they have a basket too. They put the lotion in the basket. They put the lotion in the basket. Okay, hold on. Okay, hold on. You got it. All right. By the way, B-N-I-Stabrimer. Okay, because he's a dottering old man. Okay, hold on. Line three. That's our winner. See that. All these other people will get out of here. Okay. And by the way, tell him he's going to have to. How are we going to do this? See, I asked Sam how we got to do this. And he, well, however you want. What does that mean? You know what I'm saying? I mean, do we have actual, like, I get, he'll have tell him he's got to come here sometime between now and four of the afternoon and pick up all the letter we got. How's he going to get up here, by the way? See, Sam, if I'm going to do a promotion for you, at least give me a little clue. I asked him a question. Oh, however you want to do it. Yeah, but I don't, you know, come on, Sam. What do we do? Well, you talk to the guy. You set it up. His name's going to be on the desk list tomorrow. Okay. Well, don't put his name on the ear because then we'll have 6,000 people with the same name showing up there, schmoring around. So, co-shring, schmoring around, okay? Okay, we're going to that. Thank God. There you go, Sam. And they're all Julios, by the way. They're all $400 red blooded spix. And by the way, they will pick a blood test before that. That's it. Because we want to get those Julios in on the hockey. Then maybe very jackass will get off our case, okay? About not having enough Julios in our midst. Christ Almighty, Barry, you talk about a long stretch about really region. 105-16WQM or Hispanic Station for the 90s. It just keeps getting bigger. Look at who's the bar's at the county jail. Oh, oh, see was there he began to well. There's a guy that bitch was there because he's right to much. And the title was looking for some two-top to those jobs. Look at all the jailhouse jobs. All right. Everybody was proud of their son. Getting ready over the jailhouse job. This is a bit backwards to look at so well. Saying that as very cool as a living hell. Compton accordingly, the hit's the reed-o. He says the top of a battle is way too cold. Go low job. Look at all the jailhouse jobs. Everybody was grabbing their son. Smile at the jailhouse job. Are you? Hey, you with the jailhouse job. Watch his own fun stuff run. Look at them spit for their job. Everyone check their one. Everybody has had hard knocks. And who do you go jailhouse jobs? 15 to 5 60s WQA and we played that one clip. The first clip of the reed-on. And I can't wait to hear this. Just the one. The same one. Yeah, that would be good. Like maybe something. I suppose it would be honor and had to be whatever. Just by my success or my bad brother. That's what this is. Yes, I am. But I can't. I can't do not a sack of what doesn't happen to us. What do you do? What do you do? We feel like the bottom of the total floor. What did that have? I can't turn my head to that. My head. Okay, well how about going like taking a reed-first-year course in English. There may be good. How would you say? I'd help. He'll little it's come back. See, I don't, I just, I don't want to hear any more of it. I can't stand it. It just makes me sick to my stomach. These people, he ought to be kissing the ground. Then anybody would pay more than like 250 an hour to do anything. And as far as Bill Walton's concerned, we all know, he or I just got. No, we all know. He's an asshole. I was close. Yeah, he's a smock. Everybody had to hit Bill Walton. Even Patty Hurston why nothing to do with him. After she got the oozy. But what the hell difference is it making? All these very important people, you know, passing their comments on, you know, American sociological phenomena and about the slavery and equality. Yeah, right. Here's a great sociologist for you. Larry Johnson. You know, I already go, you know, go find some watermelon and get out of our face. How about maybe learn to speak language out of you? Good start. You know, where the hell was I? I was in the elevator in Toronto last weekend. And there was a black couple in there. Like I would say in there, I don't know, 35 to 45 is somewhere in here. And they were speaking to each other like, like I'm speaking to you now. And they were not Canadian by the way. They were American. They were talking about something in Chicago. They were from all course, your cadre you understand. There are some educated people with dark skin. So again, the good education and being able to speak English properly, that's a real good start. You know, talking about slavery and talking about the Holocaust and whining and carrying out about stuff that happened 50 years ago or 300 years ago. Nobody cares about that anymore. Okay. Okay. Okay. God, get so freaking old. Almost as old as this very jackass business. But you know what, Barry? We love the free publicity. Okay. We had a meeting here this morning for about 10 seconds. And everybody said, you love the free publicity and everybody in you know, and said, yeah, we like it. Just keep writing a lot about 1700 Waffen, Athens, and you know, and get us in there too. It's surprising in a market with a largest panic base that WCU and doesn't have a regular Hispanic tacos or land O'Also Gereas are reported in up to an equity queue. And George Rodriguez, Neo Rogers producer, fills in on error occasionally. The new station will be more reflective of our community. All of it's questionable whether that will help 1700 defend a trackless news. Yeah. It's a new news. You know what I'm saying, Barry? It's real new news. Just like it's possible whether it's a trap. Think you're right in a newspaper. You don't feel any more papers for the goddamn hero. You know what I'm saying, Barry? You piece of crap. You serve burger. You scumbag on little tiny legs. God. The rumple stillskid of newspapers. Barry Jackass. Ever seen he looks just like rumple stillskid on a bad day on a bad here day. Looks like how he do the unabad day with a worse complexion. God. I mean, thank God the hero doesn't have any agenda. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, and like I said, I love it personally. I'm not one of these paranoid Greg Reeves who's running up and down the halls. Go in the. Because there might be some and not only that, but who the hell is going to buy any spots on that thing? I'm a station that most people can't pick up on a radio dial. Nobody in their right mind goes anywhere near that end of the dial, by the way. But Barry, he's going to keep pounded away and pounded away and bang it away and maybe some day he'll find something down there. Just keep banging on his very. Here's poppin'o. Hello. Okay, line eight problem. They're right off the bat. Let's hear it. Greg Reeve. There's that. That's good. If Greg Reeve would be more worried about getting the sephones system in here that worked instead of having a piece of crap. This gender piece of garbage, which is the cheapest, the laughing stock of the guy they're in industry. Instead of being running up and down the hall, hyperventilating about an non-existent radio station, just like that 1210 that was put on the year by the same board ops by the way. Did that make it? Oh, anybody hear about them? I can't. Like I said, yes, I can remember back in IOD when people were hyperventilating over here. We were getting the spy reports about 1210. Oh, there's going to be another sports station on the year. Wow, this is going to be big time. And what was it on for like about five minutes? But this is, you know, this is the kind of big stuff that happened in radio in this market, especially when you have like two or three companies that are 99% of the broadcast things on your dial, which is why most of it is such crap. Pure unadulated direct. Speaking of direct, by the way, anybody seen Todd lately? Oh, good. Here's pop at a, hello. Hey, you know how to go. Great. You talking about the board ops came across an arc when radio and records that you would have been interested in. Yes, sir. I'm talking about that extreme radio that's on the air and Detroit and it went on the faded Steve doll pulled his final cast from Chicago because you got sick and tired of the board ops. Going up in the commercial breaks and doing their own mini talk shows. Really? So he got sick and tired of it. Now he's not part of it anymore. We're sucks, by the way, Steve doll. I'm not the Chicago. No, I don't. Maybe he might have been funny 15 years ago, but last time's I've heard of me was terminal. But that's why he got out of it because the board ops were taken over his show and conducted her own little commentary during the show. Yeah. Typical board ops. Well, it sounds to me like if you remember when Howard was on was at CKG on Mike Disney station Chicago, when he was on the the first time and then they dropped it. He was so iconic that they were playing it on tape and the board ops were screwing around with the tapes and doing all kinds of goofy things with the tapes. It's um, well, why did they do that, you know? Why did he come? He's going to have to report officer a bunch of stupid little punky kids who think that they wanted, you know, this is their chance to play radio. You know what I'm saying? Play radio. Get in line like they got an erecture set. Well, you know, I mean, it's like that on Randy Rhodes, Brooke Daniels, Rick and Sard, fans of 1580. It's like shut up your board ops. Right. Your board ops. That's right. And I'll be like, well, you get plenty of that on this radio stage. Not a lot of mention in the afternoon on Hank show. I mean, I want you to tell me what you're talking about. I'm not that bad. I'm not that bad. And it's embarrassing. It's horrible radio. I don't know why Hank just doesn't tell me shut up already, you know? Although it does help kill some good time. Well, I guess we should just go go out to the Joe Costola remote. He's a board ops. He's a board ops. He's a board ops. He's a board ops. He's a board ops. He's a board ops. We keep going. I just thought you always ripped the board. I went up. Joe Costola. No, I went to the advertising. Bad about Joe. What the advertising. Bad about Joe. God damn it. Have a great day. Joe's a good guy. We all like Joe. Except for a lot of one mentioned her name on here. 560 50 50 60, pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line on a great Friday. I'm just putting in a good word for you there. Joe even though that no, you see, and you're trying to do guilty. See, Joe wants to be confused with guilty. That's why that spot that just ran here a couple of minutes ago. He keeps raising his voice higher. He says, look what it did for guilty. Maybe it'll move me out of that morning show. It works. Of course, I think you might have to do some other things too that you might not have the stomach for. If you know what I'm saying. But anyway, move it right along. 56560, pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. What was that guy's name that Joe Angel was hyperventilating about was whoop to say that for Monday. Todd stiff. Joe Angel. Well, of course, this show you how exciting the Marlon games are. Joe Angel didn't ending in a happy yesterday on a guy named Todd stiff. It was like some, I don't know what he was. Some stiff. Nice going there, Joe. And by the way, speaking of his panic, what about Joe Angel? He's a spick right there you go. Who happens to be a sports pick who does the Marlon games on our great Marlon broadcast. And nobody listens to how about that Barry, how could you leave him out if you really we do in your homework. George Rodriguez, who occasionally fills in for Neil Rogers, he's a spick but other than that. There's a real short of just spicks over there. I got news for you Barry. We're up to our ass and spicks and one of them just open the roll right now. Of course, he's been a Swailand. So we don't count quite as much as those Cubans, right? Isn't that right? Oh, yeah. We got spicks up the old back on this place. How about power 96? Rineswood spicks. Lodder with Julios over there. We got Julios that hadn't been brilliant working in this place. And Barry says, well, they'd be more reflected at the community that like, oh, God. That's one of the things that most people don't want to hear in his town. Is somebody on the year going? Exactly. Maybe we can have, uh, in surveilled a caster to come back and go, You got to have fun. You got to do that a lot. Very, I'll be happy. Okay? Let's start a little punch. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Me, oh, God. Yes, I am. How you doing? Great. Got to say it first thing, George is great. Yeah. And did you see this piece on the news last night about this woman, up in where the pump and all whatever they're doing? Oh, remember? I'm on the booth. Oh, and that one. Do our house? Yeah. To check the kid, whatever she had to kid under the bed. You've pregnant with the tenth one. Right. I mean, what did I tell you? A four-star organization, maybe how long have I been telling you that? That's the model on this show. Do no harm and force sterilization. I mean, unbelievable. Anyway, no grave. And have a great day. Yeah. I wonder what Larry Johnson would have to say about that, huh? Oh, what? Of course they've been spyre-port. Hello. Hey, Neil. Pretty good. Oh, oh, oh. First game, and you can't have that thing back. Yes, sir. I'm in front of my education with the family. Foring this can be. Yeah. That's not how I'm watching Fox News. Why would anybody go to four miles on vacation? I think I got a little kids and they get to play in the golf and all that. Good stuff. Okay. Whatever you think. I'm on for the guy that sits in front of you at hockey. That was the guy, Roy. So anyway, Fox News. Oh, wait, man. You're the guy that sits in front of me in a hockey game? Two rows. Not two rows. Not the one with the kids that keeps holding up in front of my face all the time. I don't know. Two rows in front of you in the middle. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm all right, I think. Anyway, Roy's still been a special on Fox News. Only people put him together in a rotting calendar. And he's interviewing 97-year-old women. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. But what happened? You used to be thin. I mean, the guy's like a boom-bomb TV. Who choreists fast? Yeah. He's like, he's wearing a disgusting outfit. Look, kind of, shove it with those favor-teas. Wow. That's a pretty radio fake. Cory is definitely beefing up. Maybe you're hanging out with beef, though, so much is rubbed off on him. Beef, oh, anyway. Exactly. Maybe all the way to hey, boss. Maybe Cory found it. Good voice, but bad on TV. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Oh, oh. And have a great time in Fort Myers. Have a great time in Fort Myers, baby. Hey, I'm gonna have a vacation next week. Where are you going? Fort Myers. And then going to stop off in Jupiter to question for a couple of days. Never gonna go to Penn Suco for a day or two. And then wrap it all up in Ojas. There you go. In an provinces vacation. By the way, speaking of Duano Harm so a school teacher from a lot of Palm Beach counties sends me a photo in the mail this morning. On a blackboard in his class, he said he's headed up there for eight years. It's never waist. It says, Du, no harm. Oh. God bless you, sir. How do you like that? There's a message your kid needs. Not to tend to mammoth. Not we the people. Not Thomas Jefferson. Not Thomas Penn in his. But the Duano Harm. There you go. What a concept. Pretty difficult. Makes too much sense. I guess for us. How can you argue about that? It's Friday, you first. Sure, you're a manly man. A man's kind of man, a man above men. But it's still in your vitamins. Problem is, do I get in any? But man, you don't need them because the other thing they make you look gay. Do you think it's pretty good, but what kind of a city name is TV? And lemon, please. The only thing you buck her up to is your Harley. Once you get it out of the shop. So the answer? Tough guy, vitamin. They're shaped like rock. So you can look like a real man jumping them down. They even crunch like sand and never sewage like aftertaste. So if you want to keep that chest hair growing and then black heads of pop and you need your vitamins. And when you want vitamins, you need tough guy. And this must only pick up a free twin pack of tough guy. Iron supplement, so much iron. You know, so don't like your crap in metal. Tough guy. With a male ego lift. That's 32 at 5.50W. You're speaking of tough guys, by the way. This is a kind of a delicate story about. Roller. And then you're a few minutes ago. Rather than one of our cigars. I said, have a cigar right. Of course, he'd already yanked it out and a cigar too. Speaking of yanking it out, some of you with a good memory will remember a couple of weeks ago. And work came in here. And just in a very hysterical moment saw the gigantic black billows sitting on the ledge over here to my left. And said, I got to have that. And the ran out here with it and took days and days of my screaming kneeling. We want our piece back that he finally brought it back. So Joe Costello speaking of Joe just asked where when he was on his way out of here moment to go with his free cigar. What did you do with that thing? And where his response was, well, you probably wouldn't understand, but what you ordinarily would do with something like that. And Joe said, you mean you stuck that in somebody? And where I said, or they stuck it in me and marched out of here. Roller! And if I roll! Now, if anybody in the audience, if we only had television here for just a few seconds, and you could see the size of this enormous gigantic dark black thing. You would say to yourself, oh God. Yeah, at the very least you would say that. I mean, and of course now that the adequacy has to be joking, doesn't it? Does he have to be in? No. Oh, he's got to be kidnous. Because we've been finally in this thing. You know, we've been screwing around with it here. Just as a joke, all we have noticed is that I told you was, what's the worst for where? Did I tell you that? Yeah. And I thought it was just a joke. And I've affected people actually been touching it and smelling it and godowing those doing what else with it. Oh my God. The inside story, the word Fausty story. Here's the North Miami, hello. Oh, look at that line. Seven, you got a little problem here today too. Hello? Okay, call us back. Line seven and line eight. All of a sudden haven't brain parts. They must be because Greg Reed was just in here again. Hi, preventative about that very jackass story. What a Greg say, basically, to narrow it down. Yeah. That's what he said. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Okay, line eight also. We got line. Maybe we can get all lines through this and I can go home early. How's that? Yeah. We got a phone system that don't work at all now. Nice going here, Greg. He's walking around. Oh, I'm going to sue those bastards that pursue and Joe Rose. He's under contract. So I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. Yeah. And it means time. Can you get the phone system working in here? No. There's a lot of people. They're living on borrowed time. He's people. But then some little punky board that comes along and pretend he's starting a radio station, which all he's doing is brokering time just like all those other losers station. And his guys running around like, Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap. You know, but can we get the phone working right now? No. So we're losing half of our calls because we got a little bit of let me try this one. Think it sounds okay there. Here is Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes sir. Here you are. We got this from working for so high. You're doing today. I hope it's going fine. I'm feeling good. Yeah. Regarding the Miami Hills and television people know that that's part of the, the wireless problems with the Miami Hills, such a loud newspaper. I mean, it offers nothing. Look at even, I mean, here are all these various stories around the country and around the world. And what do they put on the front pages today about this possible new station? I mean, I don't think so. The page, can you imagine people from coast to coast are a gas that this makes the front page of a supposedly major market newspaper? Yeah. It's not even in an, in an, on a area that you're going to be able to get so much, I mean, and so Barry Jack asks, as Hank calls and does it again. I mean, it's amazing what this, what, what's, in television people have to read down here with this Miami Hills and part of the problem is they don't have two competition unfortunately. So there won't have any competition. And as you only got them, those paper and date counting in English. And of course, then they got their L, the way they're all in the middle. And the way they're all in the old, the whole, the, whatever it does. Which it seems to, that they care more about that than the, very, the Harold anyway. Right. That's right. Well, I just want to, maybe that's why Barry is campaigning so much for the Julios there. If we just said more Julios on here, well, he does not understand is that the Julios hate to hear the old even worse than the rest of us. Well, it's amazing also how a supposed TV and radio writer becomes the NBA beef writer. I mean, they came in a fort, the beginning real person too. Because you don't have anybody understand. If they got a bunch of stringers over there, a bunch of punks. Yeah, it's amazing. Well, have a great day, sir. Okay, and also, uh, 12 years of respect. Okay, and God bless you. Okay, so not only does not have phone work right now, but now they're also in the construction Uh, thing here. Now they're doing like either right under our answer right over our heads or both of the above. Probably hear that on the ear. I mean, they're just, but any second they're going to be like, uh, flying through the walls here, whatever the hell these guys are doing. Nice going. Oh, thank you. I was thinking here this morning, you know, we had a couple of bumpy days there. Joe had his big thing with bluff and then Hank had a couple of explosive days there because, uh, you, that's Hank. But, uh, everything was kind of like coming back down to earth again. Bluff, brought me my paycheck in here today actually on time. You know, things are going great. I shouldn't have all of a sudden the phone is going to hell on a hand basket. And these construction people are like drilling in between underneath over my head. All over the guy there sounds like the guy there building's going to take off in a orbit in a second here. Jesus Christ in Joseph, how about like do it like any of the other 20 hours a day when I'm not on the ear in a studio, huh? How would that be? Does that make too much sense? Uh-huh. God. 22 before 11 at 5, 60 W to Q AM. So let's take a vote. Let's find out where, raw. Really stuck that thing, huh? Do you think you really stuck it in this vacuum? That's, uh, wow. How is that possible? The diameter of that thing's going to be like about 4 inches. I mean, a crore diameter I'm talking to like this like about 2 and a half feet. Well, let me take a look. Oh, wait a minute. You know, that'll say X marks the spot. There's like a little line on here at the bottom about 2 and 2 and a quarter feet down. You think that's as far as it got in? Uh-huh. Okay. 22 before 11 at 5, 60 W to Q AM. Several open lines here. Give it a shot. Some of them might actually work 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line. We got parts 7 and our prostitute ring there, which finally made the front page in the air. But only like a little part of it, then they put on the rest of it on the inside. Because they don't want to get too carried away. Because it's too big of a story. In fact, if we got got to win, there's how many cops, morning noon and night, bang and 16 year old miners there running a horror ring here and down. That's not a big story. Is it? No. The fact is, oh, lady drove into a gas station and like drove on a pump. That's a big story. I mean, what do you want from old people? They drive in a lot of buildings. They like to do it by the way and like my mother, this stubborn. It's a drive in. It's a drive through. No, it's not. Yes, it is. And they just go ahead and drive through the joint right through the goddamn wall. It's commonplace here. Happens every day. And just because they're 99 and just got a 6 year renewal on the drive. His license still make a big deal on it. Okay. Don't be a goddamn trouble maker. Oh, god, Neil. Yeah. Come on. Oh, the hell. It don't be, John. But the boy, the hit's a little survive. If you can save those, I have to go. But I'm gonna sit with that under your nose. They shoot them. They lose that. Hmm, God. Well, let's not take fail like spaghetti, though. Or the cheese that goes on my toes. In between my legs is where they go, so I'll sit in my chair under your nose. It has you. Well, mine. There you go. Hey, hey, hey. Come on, give it a will. I'll go and get your hug. Check out that this is a good way. No, no, no. It's good, buddy. But it's my little suitcase to me. I'm making money and you know why? I can't help but it's the same job. You stupid. Oh, get it? Oh, good. Oh, good. Roll. I can't. Alright. At 45 at 5. At 5. At 6. The W2M. And there's all by the way, speaking of snow I think, or just one little footnote. toilet and public arrest rooms with your foot. Didn't dawn on me till I left here yesterday and this proves to me because I spoke to 6,422 people after I left here yesterday. There wasn't a single one of them said they ever flushed the toilet with their foot in their life. Okay. Real men don't flush toilets with their feet. In addition to which if, if you were to flush the toilet with your foot, that means you have to stand up and turn around and face the music so to speak and look and see what you left behind. Now, I don't know about you, but I'm not one of those people that necessarily has to take a look and see what I left behind. I figured get rid of it as soon as possible. If I don't want to say, you get it gone. Why do you have to, why would any person in it's right mind? Why don't I let you have some kind of intestinal problems or something like that? Sounds like somebody on the halls got intestinal. You hear that? That's got to be on the ear. I mean, what are these people doing in the middle of this show? Okay. I said, here all morning long was this going on this morning. Oh, no. But now that Neil got his paycheck, let's terrorize him for four hours during the day. He's in for four hours during the show by doing a heavy duty construction right over his head under his feet. We finally got the music turned down on power 96. So let's drill for four hours. What is going on over here, man? Yeah. So not tell me that any real man flushes the toilet with his photo. Okay? Because I'm not buying it. Anyway, fat boy just came in your hand and me something really exciting. Florida Marlon's news button. From pro player stadium, wait till you hear this. The Florida Marlon's us is somebody going to do something about that or what? Huh? Is pussy galore over next door? I mean he'd bushed up so much of course. That was when Greg was out of town, you know, when he and little dog had their big confrontation. And he was over there flexing his muscle. There's still dwelling it. The Florida Marlon's are supporting Miami-Date County Mayor Alex Penis. The Miami Coalition and weed and seed in their efforts to reduce gun violence in injuries of Miami-Date County by rewarding residents who participate in gun surrender day. Anybody know weed and seed? I bet you do. Yaman. Local residents will receive free ticket to a Marlon's game on July 9th, 11th or 11th. For every gun they surrender. Ha ha ha. This is the fish. This is the best. Free tickets to a Marlon's game July 9th or 11th. 9th and 11th for every gun I surrender on Saturday June 26th. That's tomorrow at our Coral Lakes Park or Tropical Park between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. The defendant courage his area residents to turn in their unwanted guns, received trigger locks, and participate in gun safety demonstrations while educating them about the state of Florida's new 1020 life law. How do you like that? And the weed and seed people are going to be there. That's my favorite. What are we going to do about this, Mr. Program Director? It sounds like any second are going to come more questions to the goddamn roof, which are at least to make for interesting radio. God. Nice going. Greg, you jackass. There it goes again. I worked like a charme. Not. How about your very jackass is the one that's doing? He's probably outside the building trying to drill his way in. Yeah. They won't let him into the door. So he's probably trying to drill his way in. Okay, so don't forget to take your guns. That should be pretty good, huh? So our colo part lakes park. I have no idea where that is. We're a tropical park. 10 am to 2 pm to Mars. Bring in your gun for free Marlin to kick. Huh? Ha ha ha ha. There's so many angles to that deal. I've to free gun free tickets for Marlin. However that goes. I could, they're got a great line for it, but I've been in that using. Here's a mobile in Lake Worth. Hello. New God. Yes sir. What about Marlin and Lemue? Yeah, got the penguins. Nice gone, Mariana. Leave the franchise. You had to do it again. Yep. You saved him the first time and now he saved him again. You're right. He's the savior. Oh, hopefully he'll do a good job running the team. Okay. Got those future and the Yammy younger there last night got the heart trophy for most valuable player in league and of course the top score in league and the got up there in his broken check as Lemue and said, well now that I'm on the payroll working for Mario, I want to thank him or something like that. Nice got her. Yammy 560505060. On the AT&T Waters line. Guns for tickets, baby. That's the only way to Marlin's get anybody in there. This is the hold them up I guess. By the way, our sales staff, you'll be impressed. No one has spent the entire day yesterday selling spots on Marlin's games. We're not supposed to put that on here, but I'm putting that on anyway. Just to impress and dazzle you, dependent that we sold a billion dollars worth of spots yesterday. Marlin games to a bunch of unsuspecting suckers out there. Nice going sales staff. And by the way, the rule has it around the building that the spot sales people. Not the sports sales people, but the spot sales people wanted to show Lisho and Morning Show and Hanks Show regularly like spots and not the Morgan's. They're the ones that told all the spots that are Marlin games. Because the sports sales staff came up with a big fat. Gooseg. All those grandmas in here this morning, Brad get me about how we got the best sales staff. And I have no idea what she was doing here. I have no clue what she was doing. She was standing there her mouth was moving and up like that. And I haven't got a clue what she was talking about. Which I guess made two of us. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. I've been known to flush with my foot in one place. No, don't do that. That's pro players stadium. Oh well. You gotta do it there. I mean the people are animals. Yeah. Just animals. But the reason I called. Yeah, but let me tell you this, you don't want to do it. At a ballpark, you know. I mean I'm a lot of those people. I guess because I'm diabetic. I have to run take a leak a lot. And I want you to do a lot of sodas or a lot of beer. What if you might be drinking. But but to actually do a serious number at the arena or a ballpark. That's you have to try to make sure you take your all-out business before you go there. Well, you know, I have a lactose intolerance problem. So sometimes they have no choice. Uh-huh. But you mentioned yesterday that you've. You spend a lot of money on your dog at the vet. Don't you have pet insurance? No. Pet insurance. Pet insurance. It's all like that. My dog is 13 years old. And it has saved me hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of dollars over the years. Pet insurance? Absolutely. Well, it's too late now. I think my dog is both like 10 and a half years old. Well, my dog is 13. I can still get it. Really? Well, 1,800 USDA pets. I don't work for the company. USA pets? Yeah. 1,800 USDA pets. Yeah. And you could probably get insurance. I have like a $40 deductible for incident. Now you're telling me. And you have any idea do you have any clue how much it cost me? I went and picked up my little dog yesterday. That little piece of crap. And $355 bucks. Yeah. Well, and I got a great vet. I mean, I love her. But $355 bucks. I mean, this guy had shots that haven't been invented yet. You've gotten 70% back after $40 deductible. Wow. I follow up. I feel so used. Yep. You should. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm the first time you feel used. Exactly. Okay. There you go. 1,800 USDA pets. Pet insurance. Oh, the $40 is better. Get it. 5, 6, 7. Thank you. Bluff, Bluff. I haven't only got the construction workers to cut the crap. What is this? Okay. He's going to come in here and give me a blow by blow to tail of what went on out there. Yeah. They're drilling all over the garden and placed there. Many extra. Loona takes these people. Okay. Go do it like after after six and night. There's nobody around. There's nobody listening either after six and night. Believe me. Anybody see the book? I'm going to tell you something very seriously. If brains were dangerous, you'd be the safest guy. They've got to hang around within the world. Man. What a piece of turd. Okay. You just look at that picture. First of all, I know the hero of this thing is we're putting a lot of bad pictures of people. They don't like it. They're paper. But what about people around their payroll? Take a look at that post. This one. He looks like he's a store in the garden. And wintertime. Like a chipmunk. Okay. Jesus Christ. Even Alvin. I don't know. Okay. Jesus Christ. Even Alvin. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe he hangs out with. I don't know what that's all about. Sir, if it's more I think about this thing in the fact that we were actually inspecting that thing closely and touching it. God. Man. After. Raw. He made her in told us that he had a deep inside his somewhere. Back him. Oh. I'm starting to like uptuck him. And lunch has nothing to show up yet. Here's Boker. Hello. Yes sir. We're all here at work. I'm bending over for you. Yeah. So. Well Roy, I'll be right over. Okay. Great. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Buckle Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Circus. You on the line. All right. All right. Oh. And I also never flush with my feet. Well thank God. Do you don't flush with your feet? And on there's no point. I think only Graham do stuff like that. I'm hoping you got a bunch of hockey fans here. Yeah. Actually summer from Toronto. Actually met one at an airport. But um, caught about the NHL draft tickets. What do you mean by that? I always wondering if you get it to it. Have you out wondered you turned the radio on? This morning. Yeah. Yeah. And I said I had a thing for three people. Right. And I gave it to that Julio. Oh, you did? Yeah. And here's that one. Oh yeah. Yeah. But you're Jewish. We're not sending any Jews to this. We got the Rejaff. We got all the Jews we can handle over there now. We gotta get some sticks in there because Barry is going to keep picking on us. Oh man. That's right. All right. God bless you. If I had a mute haven't. I have a great day and don't do it with your feet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. I'm trying to think if I ever gave anything away on the year and made it very clear. I was probably like we were going to blow a trumpet. Make a big sound effect like something to make it clear. It's gone now. No more. Okay. No moss. Like they say it they're old. No moss. To make it very clear that that's the end of that. Okay. No more. No more or a ticket. No more ticking. No more washing. By the way, who want to go that thing anyway? We'll have it right here on QA in tomorrow. By the way. The only way we're going to get on this station is that stupid hockey show has got something and it's drafting tomorrow. That's what Greg just told me before. If he thinks he's ever getting on this station. 10, 55, at 5, 60, WCW and we can't afford to feed him anyway. Okay. 7, 120, 8, 10. I just song some love. Especially some of the lady in your life by Joey Lewis. Why? Why? When I get you I pay me. How many love songs do you already pay me? All the children are by the love, my share himself. They're inevitable. People start at the pain they're cherry-loving. I think they're favorite lady love songs. I love lady's songs. Why? Why? I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. It's amazing. Come pet me. I'm up 748 love songs for you. All digitally remastered in all performed by the Masterful Superstar, Jerry Lewis. I'm Jerry. I'm Gary. Everybody here to join me on K-Tell record. I think they're very special music of Christmas of Aladdin. You're the best aerosive at Pladdick. I. And you look like a lady. And you look like a lady. And Jerry. I'm Jerry. I'm in the old way with a parent. We did. And someone where he's hit never sounded better. That day no way. The lady's always. The lady's always. The lady's always. The lady's always. And look to the Jerry's. I think it's a representation of the Superhead from the K-Tell pump. I love lady. I like you. The lady's always. The lady's always. The lady's always. I love you. I love you. Jerry Lewis. I am up at Mad. I'm up at Mad. That's 748. Clap it for the lady songs. On 35DB's, they're 1, 3, 20 48 crack-tates. Oh, a regulative microphone from the original kalis sent miines. sleeves. And, it's a complexion you know, throughout my throat. And you're a lady. But,ically, it's all yours from 7TB, and it's the only 3225 and that's from J-Cs! Alright. Welcome to 5GqmYouems. Anyway. I want to be a thief, but I'm here the rest of the day. Let's get in the spot. Yeah. Hello. I love it. This is something about that sound. Anyway, it's your beach to sound of the walls coming down, which is stopped for the moment, but here's one of the greatest factions we've ever received here at 5.60. WCUM, it says, did you know? Every time you sit on a toilet, your ass leaves a unique bacterial-onjiggle fingerprint on the seat. It can be distinguished from any other ass print in the world. The only way to erase the print is to coat the toilet seat with alcohol and set it on fire. There you go. That's you get the job done. That's right. Don't be leaving an old vacuum print around town. That's what we ought to do around here. Start checking, Mike, and print in the, oh boy. Usually one of our salespeople always leaves a real, a bad aroma in there. I mean, really bad. You know what I'm saying? You know what you would. Here's Miami, hello. You know how you doing? Listen, I'm glad you're on the topic of the foot flushing. Yeah. You see, I didn't know if you were talking about it. Number one, what you're doing is doing the thing is that, you know, in public, I don't do that. You know, I have control over what I have to do. But sometimes you go to the movie theater, you know, and all of a sudden, you know, I do when you leave the movie, once there's a mad rush to the bathroom. You've got to go in the stone, stand up there, and do your business, Mike. Like they got called about the stadium, animals, you know, they pee on the seat, they pee on the floor. You're going to use my foot, you know, even walk away from it or I'm going to hear and I'll wear it as that thing. I'll use my elbow, you know, anything that's like a stock of match, but I'm not using my hand and that's just... Okay, why not be bad? Okay, thanks for the phone. I'm talking about good lines on the phone. Well, listen. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, eight, pound, five, six, the animal, but one line. That's correct, I'm telling you. He's just a real piece of work. He's in a mood mood with like that. And the stuff, everything, you know, things are crumbling. The walls are coming down on our head. Noise all over the place. The phones are all screwed up. And he's like, I'm going to sue that bastard. I'm going to yell. Maniac. Why don't you just ignore them, unless you're very defensive and paranoid, because you're afraid that there's somebody really put a real radio station on here. You might have some problems. And I wouldn't worry about them. Oh yeah, more testies, destroyer. There's a real broadcast, you're for you. Yeah, yeah. He's going to put us out of business. Not to mention Tony, Tony, Calatha, you whatever I was getting, pronounced his goddamn name. Remember that business about all the Julios was going to be the ones that support the Marlins. We're going to show up and drove. I'm going to Alex Bigfatt, Alex would pitch millions of extra fans with show up. Has anyone come true? No, okay. There you go, Bernie. Maybe you want to check that out. Here's a mobile impom being, sure. You saw my best. Okay, thank you. Thanks, Jerome. Here's a Pemark Pine, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, my friend? Pretty good, sir. I don't know if anybody's called you this week. No. No. That's the top of your heart, Bon hall of time. How are you doing? Are Lord above. Yes. I'm reading the hell out of you. Good. Listen to this. I'm reading the hell this week. Apparently there was a little road trip being taken to the west coast. There were on the alley over there. And they're singing all these Jesus songs. And Lord is God in the car. On the way over. Well, they're car. They go out of control. Spend off the road and end up in the canal. They all escape and their two kids are still in the car. And their screaming for the kids. Well, some passerbys pull over, stop getting the kids out. And you know what the comment is? Thank God we're singing a Lord song. That's why our kids were saved. Right. That's right. It wasn't the word that put him in the canal. But it was then the God. That's the devil. See, you better get it straight now, pal. The devil is the one who loses for the one with a pitch fork in the tail. He's the one that does the bad crap. And then the Lord has to come into a seating like Superman at the last second. And luckily, the Lord ate in the wheelchair these days like Superman. So he's the once in a while. It comes through for us. I guess. Didn't do too good in the little Colorado there. But he was busy. I went about to golf. He said that's the way his body was. He's the one who's heading to work with. He said that. We're going to go and grab the gun. Then he said. Then he said, well, he says he's got his head up his ass. He's got very jackass. He's got a. He's got a. Bob cost his blow up all by the way. He's something. He's something right now. Neil, you didn't enjoy this part about cost. It's you actually said how tired he is of all these athletes. But when I think the Lord for every shot that goes in, every touchdown they score. But where is he when there's all these problems in an old with other countries in a world. I always thought that Bob Costa is you know he's my hero. There you go. Thank you. Have a good one. Costa says he grows frustrated with athletes who's understanding of religion is that Jesus made a shot go in but doesn't have the time to address the situation in Kosovo or Kirit Cancer you have to go through so much nonsense like that. At a boy Bob, if you are a little torpe, okay, an arrogant little torpe that nobody can stand, Costa's we still say hello you for you and God bless you. 560560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. The politics by the way for line. So that's just the way it goes. That's just part of the ambiance here at Kyoam where it's a real piece of crap and nevertheless we keep fake in our way through. Billing millions and millions and millions of dollars, building unsuspecting clients from money that they're never going to make. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Pretty good to hear? First off, you know, you talk about these mall and tickets and I don't know. You know, you get free mall and tickets when you turn in the gun. Every time you buy mall tickets, you should get it done. Right. It's like to make suicide when you go to the game. I want to a game. Yeah, that would be the dangerous thing. I think that most people would be afraid that folks would start playing Russian Roulette out of boredom by about the middle of the fifth inning. I mean, I tell you what I want to a game like three weeks ago when they had done. We had those robot rains and they had double hatter. I went there and I was there for the first touch. They're had to be maybe 250 people. Right. Well, that wasn't that the Yankee series and they played the first game. It was like before the Yankee series. The original series, they played the first game of that double hatter with about 50 people in the state and they were playing in pouring down rain because they were so terrified that wouldn't get it in. And so all the people that had spent their money, the few thousand people have spent their money for this. So you can think it like I said then, John Henry said, screw them. We got to get the game in. We have to get the money back. Talk about this. Yeah, this crap thing. Everything like that with the toilet. I'll tell you this, you know, it's so disgusting when you go in there and you see any fine people that are already, they're not flush and very close. Oh, God. I've gotten to the point that if somebody does that, you know, I'm just going to sit there and I'm going to do the same thing. You know, I'm not putting my finger if they're that that's sick. You're not putting your finger where. Oh, I'm. Correct. Yeah, that's a good idea there. But no, but I'm not, you know, no, they did that in the bowl. Will they do it on the handle? Yeah. Good point. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm going to become a foot plushier. There's an old saying, you know, Jews have an old saying. It's because they say better to be a foot plushier than a fourth plushier. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. We're just rolling along. Sing on the song here on a great Friday. Tell you what, this 25th of June, it's just amazing to me. We've actually, I shouldn't say this because every time I do this, I get myself a canary. But for some strange reason, maybe maybe we're making a big comeback in a summer time, huh? Everybody in town is out of money or something. Cause usually this time of the year, everybody is long. Maybe it's after the fourth of July. Don't count your calls before they hatch, but usually it's, oh, boy, really slow and grim and slim. We got our buddies coming from my narrows. We're all canceled by the way for lunch today. I know a lot of people out there who take notes on this show. People who just want to mark down every guy dancing that goes on. And because they're very much in the show, which we appreciate that, Wayne Arnold's come up with lunch today and they're delivering by the way. What's the guy's name that brings this lunch now? What is this? Hudson. That's right. How can I forget that? Name the car after. And a river. Nice going, Hudson. We're looking forward to it. And we're as John Pena's with my blood people by the way. Levin of clocky says they're going to be in here by 11 o'clock. See, because once the food comes, then I can't eat. I'm not going to see the rest of the food because these people are going to come and take my blood to test for allergies, which believe me. I'm sure I'm allergic to this place. That's going to be the first thing that comes up seriously. The first thing that comes up on a list when it tests my allergies is going to be. It's safe. You're my enemy, child. Have bites, you're so. W, you. Hey. That's correct. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. Where the hunters, John Pena's right there. Good timing. I was just screaming and carrying on like a child. What are what they'll be going out of you? Forced, bad radio. We'll never be the same. Starting this Monday on 5.60. W, you, Liam. It's the Brian and Jerry Murray show. 6 to 10 AM Monday through Friday. Only on 5.60. W, you. Q, A, up. W, when you go to my home every time you ask to use the song and let's be here. Yes, that's right. But when you come to home with me, you need to have an enemy special kiss. You, you. That's the right. Who went to my funeral. You're showing us a little glass of milk. You're still in the blood. You're too blush. Who has me? Well! Who has a woman? Otherente of you, who has passed away? Who is got her call? She left behind. W, if you'll kindly know Seen trailer for intimidator By the way, I heard some people all today Will lead But you're cold for a courtesy of the twins. And in cold, but when you find her, you can see. You're number eight, you're starting on the sea. You can give them the flowers out of the place we've opened all of the guns we've had for lunch. Okay, I have never seen Anastagari. I'm talking about the flushing table. The feet now begin to understand the bottle. These macho men that I'm surrounded by have never seen too such posses in my life. Especially John Penis. This man, one of our great sales holes, okay, is sitting in there. His face is red, is a goddamn beat, okay. Ready to pass out. I just had blood drawn, okay, which is not a big deal. I get blood drawn all the time for cholesterol test, whatever. All the time you get blood drawn, if you're like a real man like me. And here's a married guy with 600 kids in there sitting there like, You can't even watch it. And he's still ready to pass out just from looking to the window. And it's seen that this is going on in here. Unbelievable. And Mr. Hotshot in there, JP, you also flushes with his foot. He's like looking, turning the other way and still doing it to ceiling like anything to see from blood coming out of somebody's arm. But why do you flush with your foot? Jesus Christ, am I going to put a little something on there or what? Like a little bandage, okay. Great job, by the way, excellent. Yeah, for what we do, little thing here to test for allergies. And like I said, the first allergy is definitely a poddreck came to the top of the list. His name is on number one on the list. Todd's wreck, your allergic to scourange, he's on the list. The water not. He's on the list, he's on the allergy list. Okay, there you go. I'm a simple painless. No problem, no pain, no gain. What, what do you need? Oh, I thought you were okay. Okay. Okay, there we go. All done. Was that a big deal, huh? No. And John Pena says barely staggering against the wall in there. Can barely stand up. What a pussy, baby. You're ready to take over the PD's job any day and other pussy. Thank you, sir. Let me go ahead those by the way. Excellent. Sounds good. Thanks. Here's North Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, yeah. Sounds chronic to me, yes, sir. Yeah, what's up with this penis thing, huh? Yeah, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|>5. What do they tell you?<|th|>5, 60, on a mobile one. He would try to be nice to the Julio's very. We're trying to court our some favor within. And they got a half dozen of these little punks out there. And it's the same no life, no material, but a bad pot, a big pot, a same old crap. Okay, Barry, so you can have those guys over there on a laughing. We're all laughing at laughing. Yeah, what is wrong with these people? Are you having a little blood drawn? They're like swimming. Or I can't even look at it much less having anybody do that to me. Poor John Pena's in you, like, oh, brother. Lost all your credibility. Mr. Macho Man in there. Here's a mobile and a four-later deal. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Are you? Pretty good, sir. Good. I want to talk about something. I have a little bit to do with sports, but it's kind of related to life and in general, the Larry Johnson issue that's there. Go on. Well, we had we say that clip before. Maybe we'll play another one. A little bit of clip. Okay. Just a, are you still there? I'm listening. Okay. You know, there's problem with the race issue. The race car being brought into different situations in life. Honestly, we'll never, ever be solved. The never, even be confronted seriously about until people start realizing, especially people that are in every day of life that have a major voice like the Larry Johnson, where you can speak to the, to the, the report. Here's kind of a container of basis or Johnny Cochran. Yeah. When it's taken seriously one day and not getting brought out as things that happened in the past and being confronted seriously about the problem, then and only then or anything. I would be done about this issue when people bring up slavery and stuff that happened in the past, which everybody's fully aware of. Yeah. If they keep bringing things up like that, I mean, they, they use it as a joke, they use it as a way to get out of it. And it's, I look at it like a misery index, it's a comparative misery like who's been persecuted the most and who's been picked on the most and who's been oppressed the most. And here it is. It's like the end of the century. And let's start getting with the program now. Okay, stop making excuses for abhorrent behavior and not having an education and having your priorities all screwed up. It's not playing the things that happened 50 years ago and 300 years ago. That's a lot of crap. That's the only, it's only then or anything ever be confronted. Otherwise it's going to keep coming up and keep coming up and everybody's going to make fun of it just like they're adjacent to trial. Yeah. But as long as we live in a country where people, you know, hold up as heroes, a little bit seven foot freaks and okay, and have no admiration for people with a brain, then you're going to have more of this. Exactly. It's going to continue. Okay. Have a good weekend. Back to you. God bless America. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Larry Johnson. Another great philosopher. All these rocket scientists, Reggie White, Larry Johnson. They already be known here, crack. I'll run it around. Tell us a talking trash, talking crap, a literate bull crack. Here's Google. Hello. Yes sir. Praise Jesus. How's it going? Amen. I'm a foot foot. Oh God. You're another foot slusher. Oh, foot flusher all the way. Oh my God. Have you ever seen me? You know, I work in nightclubs couple days a week and, you know, I don't want to touch where these people, been urinating on, will you crazy? I'm a handle. I mean, the handle is on the side of a toilet. These people are in time. They're being on the handle. They lose control. I'm handling this. I'm going to bodily movements if you know what I mean. Really? All kinds of movements. Yeah. Cracking on the sea. Cracking on the floor. Yeah. Cracking on the floor. Yeah. I must be lucky. I've never seen any crap on. Well, I don't know. Literally. Yeah. No. Even, even, I work with a pretty much decent people, but I used the elbow at the, the urinal. And what I used the elbow, the elbow. Yeah. I hope you don't, I hope you don't split them fall in. That would really be rough. Oh, thanks for giving that picture. Right. No, but these, these toilets that do the automatic flushing for you. That's the way to go. No. That's the horrible thing to go. No way to go. No way to go. You know, every time you flush the toilet, the water pressure coming down and the air waves bring out all the air waves. You know, the water comes a little bit of air flow. And it pushes the germs and it swirls them up into the room. So you're sitting there with your pecker exposed. This thing automatically flushes, spews all these germs all over your door. Yeah. It's not healthy. Yeah. I just like the manual flush out of one of them. Oh, man. You may be a pecker away before your flush. Maybe that's a good idea. Well, the thing, I don't flush. It flushes automatically. Yeah. It's a bit narrow. Stream is going on. Virgin the bladder. And then it's flushing for me. And I'm like, don't cheat. It's flushing before you get up. Oh, my God. I'm standing up. Okay. Listen up. You're up there. Make the days over there. You love it. Okay. Psychotic. I never realized that we touched on such a traumatic thing. It's that it was just kind of fell into this by accident. So to speak, he's doing it with his elbow. See, I don't think that's a really good idea. Because I can just see the vision. Oh, actually, you know, and there we go is the whole body right in the, oh, man. I apologize I so close the most time for conjuring up the vision, but nevertheless, falling into a big pot of crap. But at least it would be his own. God. Speaking of crap, here's the call from Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, Neo. How you doing, sir? There you're show. All right. Hey, but want to tell you though. How's Corey Sabin doing over there? We hear that a lot of people hate him like poison already. So he must be doing pretty good. Well, I guess he's doing good. See, I work for a TV station. Do you? And I want to tell you, yeah, it's not on a year. You're not on the area. What? Are you on the air? Oh, no, no. Don't know. I'm not like I know. You just don't have a voice for TV. I'm a production assistant. Let me tell you, we, the bathrooms at the TV station where I work at are just, oh, the discussion. I mean, there's crap on the state. I mean, we're in a professional environment for crying. Yeah, what was kind of about that business, you know? Yeah, and it's just, you know, while walking the bathrooms, I expect to be, you know, be clean and then crap all over the place. Yeah, yeah, I'm going to tell you, if you work in a place where you go like into a restaurant, you go to the restrooms and they're not like sparkling clean. You know you're in a crap house. I'll tell you that right now. Oh, yeah. Yeah. But I heard you talking about our NBC affiliate the other day. Right. Talking about, uh, I forgot which one of the anchors Craig Wolf. Yeah. Well, somebody's thanks to, I have no idea who. I don't know Craig Wolf from the little we're running hood. Oh, okay. Yeah, you used one of our local anchors from our NBC affiliate, but, uh, is he good? Oh, yes, very good. Very great. Yeah. And the guy that you were talking about, the works for our Fox station now. What was the same again? Uh, Corey Saban. Corey Saban. He's doing pretty good. Is he? Yes. He didn't blow up like a balloon like the one guy said. Uh, no. No, if he blew up like a balloon because you never knew before he came over there. So you have nothing to know reference. So if he sports, uh, he was a sports nerd over here. He used to take a lot of crap from Hank, like all the other people that were Kang's showing me got out of here and went over there to get into important things like news. Wow. Yeah. He said he was tired of all these sports nerds around here. I'll have a great day, pal. All right. Thank you, bud. And so I had a well, well, what's his name? There on NBC. When you see him in the T room, five, six, seven, five, six, eight, five, six, the automobile one line. Yeah, you go to an airport, for example, and all of a sudden nature is like, and of course a lot of times when you're coming in off a plane, you know, or like maybe you're sitting waiting to go on a plane. I don't know about you, but I don't like doing any serious business on a plane unless I absolutely have to because it's so cramped. That's not good for your body. I'll tell you that right now. See, the European toilets, I've told you this many times over the years. That's the, if nothing else, that's one thing that got way over us. Their hotels are old and they're dilapidated, but the European toilets, not only they have the days and most of the restrooms, but the toilets seats are like wider, which puts less strain on your, on your rectum. So it makes very much easier movement. You get what I'm saying? Much easier on the roads. Bolving you're on an airplane. It just, I mean, it's like that Peter Celestine where he's got his leg in a cast and it's up against the wall. Not a lot of room to maneuver around and not definitely not good on the old. Right, though. No. So if you're getting ready to go on a plane or you just come off of a plane, maybe you've held it in because you just don't want to go in and it loads two by three space and try to do a nature's business. So you go into an airport and that'll tell you a lot about the airport. Now we'll say this, my main and national, the restrooms are spotless. There you go. Spotless. Because there may be a lot of other stuff going on there in the teams at MIA, but not I don't think too much of that. Especially late at night. You know what's going on in there? Yeah, that's what we hear. Especially over there by American Airlines. Bigative American Airlines, by the way, that little little problem here today. Boy, they're having a tough run. You know what I'm saying? They're having a really tough run in American Airlines. I don't want to say it too loud because every now and then I do go up there. It's run a lot of American Airlines. And they do at least they used to like me like crazy until they had that walk out. You know, by the way, it wasn't the pilots who haven't had one several months ago. They screwed over all those passengers. See, they're like Delta. They're ready whenever they feel like it. You know, used to be where ready when you are, but now we're ready whenever we feel like it. And since you got in a little bit of choices anyway, you'll go when we're good ready to take you. And otherwise shut up and sit down. That's the airlines attitude to do this and by the way, pay us through the nose. But other than that. 26 past 11, boy, now the foot got my blood taken, the food has come. I'm serious, man. All you macho guys, I have to, I go home and I laugh at you guys. It's such a bunch of pussy pussy pussy pussy pussy. Everywhere you look is another guy named pussy. Have a little bit of blood, only two little vials. This guy took great job, too, by the way. Didn't even feel a guy named needle. Why do you ask me? Miss, that's all I let last night. Shit, all over the floor. Why did up with my wash cloth? Don't wash my face much anymore. Went to his in the sink. Just all over the floor. Not did up with my two, who's bright. So, don't brush my teeth much, false. Thank you, Kelly, for reminding me about that great piece. It's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM. Here's our good friend Harvey P from Paradise, Limezines, Facts as a me a thing. It's a crackpot drug campaign. Group tells how to be good, crack smoker and you pay. Smoking crack doesn't have to mean losing control. You know, this is from the Philadelphia and Quyre. It says the page of this little poison this pamphlet, freezes you in place. Smoking crack doesn't mean you have to lose control of your life. And it back into you inside with it and it takes to check out some suggestions on the saving money. Keeping a job, staying safe, keeping your life together while on crack. There you go. Well, maybe we'll get into that. Because haven't we somebody run, here's about a crack problem. We'll be there. 5.670560, pump 560 on the mobile one. I don't let me forget. I got to get back into this prostitution probe. They're probing with it. Implicating more date police. In fact, I think the most important part of this story is that they've only scratched the Attypity of somebody's tips so far. Sometimes there'd be five or six or seven officers there at once. And one of the residents of the complex who are getting the complex from it. Other times there were five or six who visited at different times throughout the day. The cops who were going and coming. Scored score coming. Scored score and coming. Scored score going back and forth. When it's 16 year old, Chickal is horroring the head going on here. Like I said, that's the motto of our police. Don't do as we do, do as we say. Drive nice and slow. Oh, and by the way, speaking of drive nice and slow. Yesterday, one of my 85 trips up my short cut height is road between Browden sunrise. And I get almost to sunrise Boulevard. And I don't sound the right hand side. Have ever seen these things where they have these speed detectors. There's nobody around. But they have these things that show you your speed as you're approaching it. And they got one sitting there like about a half a block off the corner sunrise on a height is I got news for it. And that almost all of height is road in that mile stretch there. There's no residences. There's a couple of churches that are said way way back off the street. There's no reason in the world for the speed limit to be 35. But that's one of the favorite speed traps. And now they put this thing out there to like inspire you to keep going slow on there. Even though there's a canal way over on the right. And there's nothing but trees. There's not a home within 500 yards of where that thing is sitting. Nice going. Aization port. And in the meantime people are running that God day. Middestruction there at sunrise in the height is 100 miles an hour they're going through there. And so a woman nearly killed somebody tonight before flying through there like four seconds after the light changed. Are we nailing them? No, no, but we got that thing sitting there making sure that you see that you're going too fast on a 35 that should be at least 45. Nice going baby. Nice going chief. You jackass. Here's cool spring. Hello. And you don't think it's bringing up this problem of toilet bowl design. Yes sir. It's terrible in a country in advance of this we have these narrow little shell bowls. Right. You know if you slide back enough to get frontal clearance you know you're going to have some rim blockage. And if you slide forward enough then that you know that you don't have a rim blockage on. You can spend down in such a ridiculous angle and that water is ice cold. Why can we have some decently designed toilet bowl? Yeah exactly. And we're closing you know. Throw back up. Okay hit the brake. Throw. Hit the brake. Okay. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah there's a great story for you right on the front page. On the hairless morning. Another old lady who went. Oh yeah. For sure she's what 175 years old. She lost control of her car was trapped in a fireball. That's right. While she was driving the gas station she was in a big hurry. You know. And this bug guy rigged plage of it. Plot whatever his name is. Say Pearl Steinberg. Oh. I like that. Steinberg 85 from Century Village hit the gas when she met the step on a brake. Ha ha ha. Well it's a common mistake. Oh that's the brake over there. Oh two late. She hit the accelerator when she meant to hit the brake. And oh my god. She went knocking it at this gas pump to hit a big ball of fire. Nice going there. And I'll put it on air for a car. And by the way, congratulations on your brand new six year drivers license. And I'm sure it'll be coming in the mail any day now from the state of Florida. There we go. State of Florida. We're even the dead people going to have a good time driving. That's what I like about this state. 5.670560. Pomp 560. On a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Pretty good sir. Hey, getting back to the toilet issue. I have a friend who on the one hand has germ. Working with your wearing bands. Me dress, my organ. Wife, what's your job anyway, if three people don't want to get out of a car again. I just gave a commercial picks. Can I call someone to do something? Yes sir. A Ron and Lenny you keep the delivering to Spat. Okay. Yeah, this is a real interesting thing that we unscraped on a show. Like last year at this time, we unscraped all these straight guys that want to have anal sex with their women. Or anybody else that won't move away too fast? That was last year. Now this year we're finding about the toilet fetishes of America. And believe me, I've been a lot of toilets all over the world. I've been in places that you wouldn't even want to know about. Or maybe you would. Have a heard of such things. And these are people by the way that never heard of a glory hole, but they're flushing with their feet. With their elbows, with their armpits, with their nose, with their earlobes, with their ****. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. You're all right. Great. All right. The question maybe you can answer if you're in. You prefer to at some time as a professional Cuban could you not explain that for me? What a professional Cuban is. A professional Cuban is like a professional Jew or a professional black. Anybody else who's like that's all they know about are things that have to do with being Cuban and Cuba and Cadel and all of that other stuff. Who walk around with a professional ethnic chip under shoulder and are just regular ordinary pedestrian human beings like professional Jews who 24 hours a day are worried about Israel and in somebody's steel and the zoos are off their wall and stuff like that. It's pretty much everyone in Miami is a professional something. Now I wouldn't say just in Miami. I mean that's one of the problems with America is we got too many people with a chip under shoulder instead of just being ordinary run of the mill folks and they all kind of like being like everybody else. They're more worried about their own personal ashtagrine. Okay. Are you my wrong about that? I do you have to the question part. What I thought it was and you had to inform me. Yeah. I have a Catholic story as well. I want to tell you. You have a professional Catholic. No, no, no. Get a day I step into church and I solve something very strange. A brisk was taken place. A brisk? A brisk? Yeah. Well, we made it stranger but the priest was using a knife using his teeth. Okay, thank you. I'm not facting in the church. Okay, thanks. And that's the way the Catholics do it. They don't want to spend the extra money like the Jews do with the boy, all the bringing them in there for that little silly thing. So the priest is bite it off. Okay. I guess that's what he's doing. Here are the other. All the other times these poor priest that could send to jail. They weren't doing what everybody thought they were doing. They were just performing a circumcision. You know what we're saying? Oh, exactly. That was wrong with all you people. You're also uptight. Everybody worked about all these things that are supposedly happening. You're not going to have to know all the boy. I'm going to cap it. No. Twenty-one before noon is five, sixty. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Rebecca, Jessica, one. Oh, oh. Now riding and his wife can use her clothes. Although she didn't think she would break it earlier. One, two, three. Don't look at other people, line the bubbles there. One, two, three. Oh. Look at this whiteboard. I've just said this before. There are a few things in life, more annoying than going into a public restroom where there are like four or five stalls or however many there are. And there's some old guy always some real old geyser sitting in a couple of stalls. Or maybe he got for a bit to one right next to you. And he's like making these like he hasn't had a, which is probably true. He hasn't had a movement since before Beethoven was a baby, okay? And like, oh, Jesus, God already. But anyway, be that as it made. So I'm 45 at 560, WQA and 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile online, and head Glovers show it to. Sixth of clock, we got our former friend, Donnie B, talking baseball, which we used to like Donnie a lot, but not that we understand he's concerning with Christine and more we're a little undersided. Next 30 to free game, we got the Marlins at the Montreal Expos. I mean, talk about a loser of a game. Oh, no chance. But Bobby, sure sold a lot of spots on those Marlins games. By the way, Barry Jackass, you better get that message. Get the info because I know you're listening right now, Barry. We sold a ton of spots, a crap load of spots on the Marlins games yesterday, but we sold, I think, what was it, a million spots at a dollar of peace? So we're in it, we may actually make the next payment. Here's the lady in Kendall, hello. Hello, that meal. Yes, ma'am. I'm one of those toilet flushes with the foot. No. Yeah, because I travel the alley a lot, and when the woman has to go, she's got to go, you can't hold it in. And I'm a little bit further, not only do I press my foot, but you know the dispense with the hand towel. Uh-huh. I'll take them out first, put the towel away, and then wash my hands. So when I wash my hands, I haven't touched anything in the bathroom. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Let me try to follow that again. You take the towels out. Right, first, you haven't watched your hand yet. You use the dispense, you take the towels out. In case someone, you know, sneeze or pez, not on their hands or whatever. Oh, yeah. And then put the towel, like put them on your arm, wash your hands that way, now your hands are clean of anything you've touched in the bathroom, and then you have your towel. Well, you're like her medically sealed. That's good. I really, I'll tell you in the elevator since I washed my hands with them off, and I watched what I, you know, where I go and stuff. Yeah. The whole of the car. Family misses godliness in my right. Yeah, pretty much that close. And also, one more comment on the prostitution and right there in the little Kendall down the road. Right. And I've talked about a couple of years. And I saw down this is like the most well protected place I've ever seen. There's always cops up and down that place. I thought, well, yeah, that's right. At least the residents are safe in here. At least safe. You know, it's probably a little problems like that, you know, and like King's calling with the murders and stuff. But now I realize what it is. The cops just been hanging out. They just wait for their turn or something. Exactly. The tactic is to take care of them. They're watching off for their buddies. Okay. You have a good one. And back to you. Go next. Okay. Oh, she reminded me by the way. Let's go. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. Welcome to toilet talk. You know, it's just a real crappy topic of conversation, but nevertheless it's a real part of life. And like I told you before, if there was a god, there's no way in the world that we'd have to go through this. But nevertheless, I'll maybe the devil. Maybe the devil is behind this, huh? Maybe every time you have like screaming diarrhea, the devil did it. Right. Every time you have like bleeding hemorrhage. The devil did it. Or maybe like, raw. Poverting a little bit too much. I still can't get over that. That had to be a joke. Didn't that? No. If anybody knew I didn't see the size of this instrument, then it'd be enormity. I mean, in your wildest dreams, you have never seen anything this gigantic and vivid and massive and shrubbing. But evidently, maybe maybe we're in OJ, like, shared it. Yeah. In fact, maybe if we get every year one of those double ones, you know, that's got like I hit on both ends. There you go. OJ and raw. To get it again, in stereo. An opposite ends of the pool. 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. So when a prostitution propagates more, date police. The probe and the prostitution ring allegedly run by a Miami Beach police officer. They were expanded to include four more officers from two other departments, law enforcement sources, said. The Miami-Dade Police Department transferred one narcotics detective who was implicated in the ring. Two sources said. Officer A 17 year Miami police veteran was suspended with pay after an internal investigation in Germany knew about the prostitution ring and did nothing to stop it. And it goes on and on. And then of course, as luck would have it as the story continues on page 7A. On the inside of the hero this morning, the right hand part of the page. You know, every now and then they get a page that's got black, you know, like a black border, like a funeral march and maybe this one should have. So it's really hard to read. Probably intentionally, right? Just an accident. No. The father of the 16 year old prostitute charged in the case that his daughter was in fearful for her life because she's been threatened by the officer's friends. His daughter, he said, is a teenage mom who fell in the street life by following her parents poor lead and was making all the big bucks and lying through a teeth about where was coming from. But it says from all the departments, Miami, Dade and Hialia, here were all these different patrol cars parking out, going upstairs up and down in and out. Obviously a lot more in and out. Scrooge, up and down. Sometimes there would be five or six or seven officers there were in once other times there were five or six or five different times throughout the day. They kept this bimbo busy. I mean, she was real busy. Nice going there, Parker. I like I said, I'm only scratched the surface of this from forces all over town. So that goes to show you if you want to read a gift results advertised in new time. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Get a shameless request. Yeah, little today. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the mobile one line. He said he's got one. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was a student in the car before. I didn't know if you covered this or not in the favorite column of the spare rejections column. Yes, I did. About the block cross disc was. Yes. Covered that cover the arrest of the article was taken in this 45,000 part series about 1700 sports fan. Well, there's one thing about that station that I, you know, put the you would appoint that and you may have, I guess I didn't figure too much of a show, but don't you think that if you can get the station, which I can't even get into my car, go up that high. Maybe we might get another point to view the side to the hand kissing point of view that the guys on QAM give out because they're carrying the games, maybe friendly with the coaches and the players. A point of view from home. First of all, I'm just going to be out in the morning. You doesn't talk about it. Okay, okay. Mike in a mad dog, I'm in New York, video a syndicated show. They're not going to be talking if they do carry that. They're not going to be talking about software sports teams. The two of them might be, you know, really, also. Why? Oh, I listen. Listen, if you listen to it and you like to sports shows over there, be my guess, but the point I'm trying to make you is that nothing that I read in his gigantic front page column on Monday indicated me anything that might be interesting. They got two guys going to be in midday against me who are losers on the weekend on this station. Could keep a weekend job on this station. So what point of view is that? I can get this station like I said, I couldn't listen to it if I wanted to. Right. You know, just there's a, you know, a lot that, you know, we might get another point of view besides the. Well, a lot of the next, you have how many points of view do you need about the same boring stuff? I mean, what is, what's there going on? What is there to have a point of view on right now anyway? Sir. I'm thinking about that. I think exactly. We'll call me back when you come up with an answer. Thank you. There's not a damn thing going on. We got the NHL draft of all right. Anybody care about that? Oh, no. Except the people who wanted the free tickets to go get their free meal and booze. 567. 560. We got 600 open lines here all of a sudden because everybody suddenly got the urge to check it out. So, you know, I think that's a good point. You reminded me, maybe that's how Roy got boozing bloody stools because he was bitching about that year and a half ago when we first came here. You know, if you're going to be sticking the big gigantic objects in your rectum, you're going to wind up with bloody oozing stools, actually, analizations are outstanding. Another thing, the mega-final, the mega-final, the mega-final, the mega-final, the first came here. You know, if you're going to be sticking the big gigantic objects in your rectum, you're going to wind up with what are you using stools. Excellent analizations are outstanding. Another thing, when the guy said the guy was using the teeth to do the risk, yeah. There's a guy on the new lineback on the dolphins, I don't know if you read the story in the paper, but he went through his guy's farm with a friend's farm and she had to cast her to leave sheep and the cast rate to sheep. That's the least painless thing to do in the fight of law. But swear in the story, it said he got to maybe 500 sheep at that. Yeah, I saw the headline, he said it said, dolphin bites off more than he can chew, right? 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one line. What do these people got to live in a vivid sense of humor today? Don't they? They're out of the out of control. See, that's why we don't have our weed here today because evidently, the good stuff did come in, but didn't make the building. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay, sir. You were pointing out before about how why don't people or how disgusting it is when people don't watch their hands after they use the bathroom in public. Well, the only thing about that is you got to make sure you use the paper towel. Usually, if you crap or you take, yeah, I'm not talking about it, but I'm not talking about after taking a leak. Real men don't wash their hands after they take a leak. Well, there's a lot of people in the world who, they don't know. They miss, they see on themselves. They see on themselves. On their hands, they pee on their hands. Well, the first thing they do is they touch the faucet to turn it on. So they've just touched the weed or they've just fallen out of the turner on. Well, when they turn on the water, they're getting the crap or the urine, whatever it is, they're getting it on the hand or they're washing their hands, then they're touching it again when they turn it off. So what are you talking about? How difficult is it to wash your hands? For me, absolutely nothing. I just think they'll always turn on the water. I think these people need some assistance to be asked me. Jesus Christ, how do these people get out of bed in the morning? How do they put their goddamn pantalones on? Something as simple as going in, yeah. Is this complicated as this? And you wonder why they can't like walk into Galathe same time? 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. I will say one thing, and it is I don't like those blood dryers that they have in the some public restroom. Give me some nice paper towels, okay? I don't want to stand there rubbing my hands together for like 45 minutes waiting for like that's a little bit of air to fish on your hands. So maybe it might get dry sometime between now and 20 or 25. That I don't like. Give me some good paper towels. And of course, these places that are doing that number one, they're saving money on paper towels. And number two, they think this is like, oh, this is so much more modern and space-aid and more sanitary, you know. They have that little blow drop, pitching just a little tiny flow of air onto your hands. Forget it. Four minutes still noon at 560 WQM, your etiquette station for the 90s. We don't take any crap from anybody around this joint. It's eight, you want some good crap going on a mix of guards in Miami and you'll find out what real smoking pleasures all about. I feel sorry for people that have never really enjoyed a great cigar from mix because those people are probably buying some stale crap from their drug store or a super market. A lot of those little mom and pop stores, you know, that's got stuff laying around for months and years of the time and they open it up and what they do is spitting a crap that's what they got in their mouth. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one if you have a one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA, This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. That is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one to LA. We'll see what we forget. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only one from LA. This is the only guy we can car park on29. This is the one from LA. This is a really clinic that can have traffic on 77th of Tampa. This is the only one who can finish the Series. This is the only one from LA with the whole greenline. All right, we're going to go crazy. It's a two minute after no. The five 60 WQM, your anti-wricky Martin station. He's like Power 96, every Martin. Okay, we'd rather have Billy Martin and he and feeling a little bit right now. Thanks to my good buddy Wayne Arnold and Hudson who bolts your up here together. They're bringing the food gone. Look at that. There's enough food there for the Chinese army. Or maybe just let's read of us. Don't forget Joe Costello's big auto racing shoulder-mar morning at six. I thought I would mention that. Testification is the promo. 560, 50560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes sir. Yes good afternoon. Yeah. I was coming up to say I have a comment about the thing in Kendall with the police. Yes sir. I'm not the hormon green cops. Yes sir. I'm just gutted with them and the corruption has got to stop. But however, I wanted to give them a little creativity because they're so used to always going into the donut shop depending on our just the kill time. Yeah. Drinking coffee. How long has it taken to drink coffee and eat donuts? I'm waiting for you to be spending their time down in Kendall Morgan's structively anyway. Exactly. Well that's what I mean. At least I give my hat off to them on that. Going to Denys and killing time and when they should be out there to control in the street. See I have a feeling that's probably the reason we have that too much. Oh thank you so much. I think somebody got to them. Reason we have that a lot of comment about this is because a lot of guys are jealous and they would like to have found the address whether you're 16 year old hookers were. I think that's what, no that's a real reason. See prostitution is legal in so many countries. Oh man, see there you go with that again. You know, don't stop with that. But the thing that I find most irritating is that these are the same people will destroy your lives. For big you get caught. Picking up a hooker on a boulevard or wherever on federal highway. But they're running out they're not only one in the ring, but they're in fact it's isn't the article. The only people who ever went in there were cops at one neighborhood city was afraid to give his name. Can't imagine why. We saw only police and nothing else. We just thought maybe she liked policemen. Yeah, she just liked the cops. She had a uniform fetish or whatever it was. She liked policemen. She just liked to hang out with the cops and they would hang it out and she would do whatever. And I'm like I said, nobody cares. They just want to know the phone number or where they because it said barely legal, huge breast, very hot, etc. And so on. I won't could possibly be wrong with that. Sunrise, hello. Except that they weren't sharing with everybody else. Yes sir. Oh, I can hear you. Yes sir. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. Once I talk about an actual draft. About one. Okay, tomorrow noon noon to three. Let's go. I want to talk about the NHL draft. Oh my god. Have another draft. Okay, must be a motion. Or is it a little bat? 560, 560, 560, on the 18T line. Look at that. There's the Neely play with the Neely burgers. No bread, by the way. Thank you, Wayne and Hudson. Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle, 125 and 441. It's still there, baby. After all these years. With the castle burgers and Neely burgers would make it in cheese and the Rochester White pots. The rush is White hot. Just like direct from Rochester imported. Not except any substitutions. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Back when I was in grade school. I do a flush of toilets with my foot to make like where kicks are. You know, more recycle. Uh-huh. Just thought I'd share that with you. Okay, well thanks for the good news. There you go. All the bikers out there. They do it with their foot and the toilet too. Speaking about bikers, by the way, I know this is a very delicate subject. Especially in the middle of my lunch. Is there some kind of an unwritten law somewhere that says that people are wide motorcycles have to be fat, have long hair and look, row, test and never shave. Is there some law that I haven't read? Uh-huh. They all have to look like jazz, McCay, on a band day. And lately, by the way, I've been seeing Schwarzurb bikers. Have you seen that like on I&E 5 or the Turnpike like packs of young? Doc, I'm pletit guys. I'm motorcycles. I mean, don't like ordinary pedestrian, regular looking, run the mill, white people right motorcycles. No, no, why is that? What is the a syndrome? What's the attraction there? Besides the obvious thing, with the leather and the S&M and the boots and the spurs and the spikes and all those good things. What's the attraction? What's it all about? Another thing is we desperately try to complete the learning process before it's too late. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall, hello. Hey, what up? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I just want to spread the word, man. You would have bombed. Yeah. You are wicked. I can't jump in Lee County in attaia. I beat the bon. Ah, you had a bon, man. Speak that truth. Do no harm, Dritt. Okay. Be good. See ya. I don't have to have time because he said, so 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 6, 6, the AT&T wireless line. 2 and a light guy said, stop. Then you know you're in deep trouble. Okay, you know, they're probably dying here, yellow. Now, he's a good guy. Some days. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. You know, I was just thinking the old thing with this Kendall, the prostitution and all that. We're with the cops. They're just trying to work out the work off the extra weight from the drug. Yeah. After they visited the Dunkin Donuts. Hmm. See, nobody takes it seriously. Nobody cares about the fact that we live with such a bunch of hypocrites. They're arising your lives. Ready to take it. They can go 90 miles an hour. I see it all the time. Drive, weave in and out. Irresponsibly. Yeah, let's do it. You know, anyway, in honor of the foot flushers, can you play? Don't wash my face much anymore. Don't want? Don't wash my face much anymore. I just got through playing that. Oh, did you? Yes, sir. Well, I have a great thing. Just got through playing that only moments ago. That was thanks to Tommy reminding me about it because I'm old and seen all. But anyway, we have a great weekend. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 60 on the 18, 2, while I can't leave it off this toilet talk. We got all these important things going on. And all we got, for example, these people that's swollen at the side of somebody at the, at the, I see this is the thing that gets me. I can understand some people being nervous about giving blood all I can't relate to that very well. A little bit nervous. Because everybody doesn't hurt that much. In fact, if they do it right like today, you don't feel anything. It's like a little prick and who can't relate to that. But I mean, guys who are like ready to soon just seeing somebody else having blood taken, what kind of emotional cripples, what kind of mental measures, what kind of weaklings are we talking about besides John penis? I bet you we got a lot of macho guys, not even right now, including somebody's big athletes just passed out at the side of a needle. Yeah, I bet you even maybe. Roy would have an arrest breakdown. He'll mind a big like, Dildo, but a needle. Oh my god. I'm gonna bang you in the butt, honey. Yeah, no, stop. Finding this whole number, I got up that plane at the shopping mall to sit your money away. I thought design arose, expensive bottles and jewels. I do in advance, the duty has to be used. I could like that in hard to spot all. And they wouldn't let me fly. But I did not get a problem. So I was trying to gather those wives. Get some jet-dill period flight who went to the above my life with such a table. After all, my husband's brother will soon be your big day, yaa. Well, 14 at 560 WCN, by the way, thanks to Bill and Homestead who faxes me and reminds me of the last night. That's an option. I knew he was getting ahead of it. Premier was okay, not for that free load. Anyway, he reminds me of the last night on the NHL award show, which was really pondressed by the way, was on ESPN 2 and also on CBC if you had the big dish. But nevertheless, and I did watch the whole thing, I have no idea why, nothing else. The great one, Rayne Gretzky, one of the two times he went up there for a standing and screaming in his terrible elevation and sucked around. At the end of his speech, he asked to say, oh, and for what it's worth, I thought it was a good goal. And everybody went. Yeah, right, Wayne. Get your tongue out there a little bit longer on Gary Bettman. Back home, okay. You've phony. Yeah, more and more people are out trying to rationalize. Oh, yeah, it was the continuation plays. Anybody know what that means? No. No. Yeah, everybody, and of course, Ron McLean and Don Chirri, through a couple of shots in Gary Bettman and the league's direction, but nobody put any attention then. Thank you so much Bill for most. That, it also points out that all these very antiseptic people that are flushing with their feet and then scrubbing and washing their hands for five minutes. On the way out of the trailer, of course, they open the door with their hands. What do you open with? You're nose? Like, oh yeah, with your leg, huh? They open it with their leg. Especially if it's got more than knobs. Okay, maybe that's why we didn't see some of these people for about four or five hours. They were trying to open up that door knob with their toes. John Pines says he waits for somebody else to come in before he goes outside. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, John Pines waits for somebody else to open the door. And then as soon as they come and he rushes out so we don't have to touch the handle. Life's going there, John. Oh, you pussy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I bet you we got people in this audience who will not have blood drawn, who like pass out at the side of that needle. Of course, they'll never admit it. Here's a mobile-in-four-later deal. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say, your topic's thought to sound repetitive because today you're talking about, okay, great. We'll turn to some other show where they're talking about something else. Okay, asshole. We're starting to sound repetitive. We're picking up this as part two, okay. We talk about whatever the caller's wanted to talk about. If you had something you wanted to talk about, which obviously you didn't, then we would talk about it, but you don't. We're not interested in critiques. We're not interested in your goddamn resume. Go get your own show, but around 17, number of the affin. You fit right in, especially if you got some Cuban friends, but I doubt it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. My shows are starting to sound repetitive. But thanks so much for listening for hours that day to the Neil Rodgers show. Here on 5, 60, WCW. Thank you so much sir. Any other complaints? Here's a mobile in North Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. I just have a quick observation, which I you pointed out about the, the, the, affect the radio pretty much goes down the hill after two o'clock. And I can't, is that what I say? What do you think by that? Well, it's like after two o'clock when you leave the radio, there's nothing. I mean, absolutely freaking nothing. Are you not going to humper now? Hey, stupid. What was that? I said are you not going to hank now? I'm, I'm knocking radio in general after at two o'clock to six o'clock. There's, there's no good show. Yeah. And, and that's like everybody, well, I'm asking for the disease. What are all the other great shows that are why I'm going to be four to a clock? What are all the other great shows? This one side. What are the other great ones in this more? I'm before two o'clock. Right. You're, you're obviously right there. Right. You decide this one. One of the other great shows. I would venture to say that good talk show would be Howard Stern or I miss, you've got a lot of variety out there. You enjoy hearing a dead man on the year. I miss is not even on yet, by the way. And this, he's okay. Yeah. Okay. We're a dead man. Exactly. But it's, especially on the weekend. All you have a sports. There's nothing nothing with sports. You can't listen to a talk show. How about if I make this suggestion with all the respect? What's that? Like a hobby would be good. Of course. When people are in sickles in there, they're driving around the car all day. Especially on the weekend. Well, you don't feel there. These amazing things. I know that's, maybe you haven't discovered them yet. These amazing things. They're two of them. What is called cassettes? And the other one of these little round discs that look like donuts called CDs. You'd be able to open the two of them. It would be amazed that how many of those CDs fit into my car just like this. I think we're made to go in there and get a lot of use. I have never thought about doing a little thing called re-rodgers. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Even I can't send that much suction. Okay. Even in a old queen like me, can't send that much suction, sir. How be would be good? Part cheesy. How about golf would be excellent? Ah, there you go. Here's Miami Beach, yellow. Miami Beach, going once, nine minutes and 38 seconds they pee away from their lives and they're gone. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in a candle. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Yeah, about this police for a fellow. The using time to stand at most police department's model is to protect and serve. So that's what we're doing. That's for a real little. Protecting her from unsavory characters and they figure well. And instead of there, they might as well serve it too. Yeah, service. Yeah, service with a smile. That's right. I need to call someone to do this practice. It's Marie, you do this back, you. Okay. Okay. See, it's a good thing I'm eating right now. Some of these calls might have been a little bit shorter, but that's okay. It's right. We're having a great two weeks in a row in the middle of summertime. Let's hear it, Neil. How do you like that? Here's a fill in Boko, whoever that is. Hello. What do you mean whoever that is? Oh, let's say for a while. Well, that's fill in Boko. He don't know. From JP, you don't know that you're a chronic. That's why I put John. For some of your newer listeners. Paul, how are we doing your ladies and gentlemen? Yes, sir. For some of your new listeners, as far as public toilet habits go, you're the expert. Never rub stool in your eyes. Yeah, good idea. You know, what's your hands first? If you're going to rub your eyes. Don't you rub in that crap in your eyes? Right. Listen, I don't know if this is sex or perverted. But I've come in for me, I think we already know the answer. You know the lever on the floor. You're going to start to catch up with Roy. I use my foot to flush it. No, you don't. I do. You know, somebody came up with this the other day. And all of a sudden, talk about being repetitive. Now, everybody that calls this show allegedly flushes with their foot. I spoke to 14,000 people after I left here. I asked today. I couldn't find one person, whoever not only did that, but whoever heard of anybody flushes with their foot. Well, I didn't hear the show the other day. So that's news to me. Yeah. But why we're doing it again today. We just for you. Did you? Did you discuss why we are cleaning habits? No, no. I'm right in the middle of my launch, God damn it. And I also opened the door. If it's a push door to leave, I opened the door with my foot. Yeah. Let me tell you what. If you look at everything with this foot. Back to me. That's why you've had your foot in your mouth so many times. And he's calls over the ears. Let me, let me, if you just look around the building, you're in right now. Now, please, not in the middle of lunch. I walked in at a small one. It's my little foot. What's in there? Well, it did. Now, let me ask you your hand and your fingers. No, I'm eating with a knife and a fork. Okay. But if you were to eat a sandwich, you would pick it up with a sandwich. I don't eat a sandwich. I'm on acnes. I don't need bread. So you see, I got it. I got it. No, there's something that I might put in your mouth. I don't think I'm going to get on hand. I'll be nevertheless. Yes. Anyway. Yeah. I'm sorry. I just will not be. I'm disgusting. Yeah. You're going to be around. I just need a break. Is that something you just discovered? No, but it's the topic of the day. It is. And you're the perfect caller. Have a good day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 60, 0, 18, 2. Well, I was just for reference. That's Paul Harvey Jr. You're for when you put him on again the next time if you ever do. And if you ever do. Okay. Where are we going? Let's go to somewhere. Here's a, oh, biker and porcelain Lucy. Hello. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. Hey, you were asking questions about bikers. You got one. Right. Now you're not one of those health angels types, right? No, sir. What is that all about? And do you have a long hair? I'm growing. It's not that long shoulder line. Do you like smell real bad? No, I take a shower every day. Every day. How can you, how can you be a biker then? Well, there's two kinds of bikers. You can, you know what I'm talking about, don't you? Oh, yeah. That's right. I was just up in the colony for bike week and I am sure. Yeah, there's, well, there's actually three kinds of bikers. You got the guys that are at the rice partners. The crotch rock and so through your schwarzers. Uh-huh. Generally, the guys that ride Harley, they're very big at it. They don't like black people at all. So it's very rare to see a black guy on a nice Harley. And then as far as Harley riders, you've got like the doctors and the lawyers that spend $18,000 on a bike and put $10,000 worth of chrome on it. But 20 miles on in a week. Right. Drive it on. That's very impressive, right. And then you got the guys that ride. We don't give a credit. Yeah. Yeah. But how come it is that every all 99% of the bikers that I see, they all look to same. They all look like they held the angels just a cent of the cent. They're usually in packs. Usually like eight and ten and twelve, you know, like a conboard, blocking off all three lanes. Well, it tends to be kind of like a club. If you're on a bike, well, you know the driving down here in South Florida, absolutely horrendous. That's a great club you do more on. Yeah. Well, don't get that carried away. Don't get carried away. It's a lot safer to ride in a pack with bikes than it is to be one person because they're so small. And you know, the old people can't see it anyway. But guys would bike generally like to hang around because they'll play in a ride and I 150 mile ride over to the West Coast, eat one shirt. Yeah. Like, go get your towbears on top of the truck stop and have a little fun. Oh, sure. Take a do that. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Anytime. And drive it safely. Where you fudge back in 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where the slumber learn at all kinds of useful crap on the show. I don't ever say this in the instructor start an a learning show. Here's a lady in North Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you doing? Great. It's good. I wonder if I could kind of show out a question to your listeners or maybe you know. I've been trying to, I got laid off a couple months ago and trying to find a job and I've been going through the most incredible mind games with these people and also the BS. And one of the things I keep finding are you computerized questionnaires, what they want to test your attitude toward work and with the customer and blah blah blah. And I keep coming up with this, especially this last one, came up with this question out of a globally sky asking me how much what my opinion was of how many people in the general population use marijuana socially. And I'm sitting there watching at that. Well, first of all, I mean, I could give you an educated answer. I could give you an idea of what my friends do or what I do. I think you're going to give me an answer that they want. But the question is what the hell does this have to do? Whether or not I can do the work. What I think other people are doing. Because if you say that you think a lot of people do it, then the property of, they would think your property would be using yourself and therefore they would probably say no. I'm not going to hire you. And again, what does that have to do with the work? In fact, the best answer would be what is that marijuana? What is that? Yeah. Then we'll get that option. They'll give you that option. I write it in. I write it in. Or you skip the rule. I put it in the lowest percentage. That's what I tried to do. But you wouldn't believe some of the garbage people call you in for interviews when they've already got the. They've already hired somebody, but this is a completely walk out there and watch. And you go to the whole thing and all we decide we're not going to hire somebody after all. Yeah. And I mean, I'm just I'm good. And I just want to work. And I just can't find anybody who knows what is really sincere and more harm. Yeah. And it's amazing. And then you like to be subject with these people like, oh, it's a very Johnson. Even making millions of dollars. And he could be even speak a word if you stuck our gun in his back door. He can still can't speak. He couldn't put a sentence together other than maybe 10 to 20. Exactly. Okay. It's with our good luck. Thank you. Yeah. See, I'm suspicious of people who say that they don't smoke weed because they know the probably line. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 60, 0, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. If you want to get yourself some hearing, In fact, more and more people since I mentioned the fact that my friend John has got the A Charles Alfie racist now and looks great. And it feels great. And it makes him look younger and better. And so now, Bluff is talking about doing it. I'm thinking about doing it. Everybody that I know is thinking about going over and seeing Charles Alfie. Or because what? What do you look at me like that for? Maybe even you two, Joe might be able to use it based on it here. Cut you got today. Jesus Christ might even lower your horse a couple of octaves too. Go to the back. Come on in, turn around. Come on. Come on. Go to the back. Don't worry, John, and all right, Here's our done today. Have yourself some down on prison fun. Oh, glad. Well, your friends away. We'll back you all. Go back. And then make your right you all the time. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, Life will be sweeter. And when you press your heater, And carry your life and see me deadly. Come on and join today. Let's see your marriage and my name be a member of the NRA. In for the name. In for the check. And always, they call their head. They're having a bad luck. Try to do your business. Before the cross, we'll see their children's bed. Your life will follow the door. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA. And I'm here. And I'm here. The whole party to a five 60 WQM Swennaway. Dan and Thor Myers, Corey, if you're listening, you got a fan over there already. They'd have had a way to hurry, Corey. Dan says Corey really does look too good for radio. What do what do you mean by that? I guess he hasn't seen that bald spot yet. Five 670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the four lottery, hello. Hello. Yes? Hey, for sure. hey first of all i just want to say ghostburg go yeah i go spurs how to put it away could you have the next the bone in sanantone yeah i'll heal up the uh you need to know what you have to do now i would get the ball but you know why you said that yeah the suck up to because you're a better man they probably approached in the say something like that to try to recover their ass i fully break off for the go no i don't think that anything to do with it i think that the league uh looks to him to try to uh you know cover it up a little bit that's what they're doing now try to cover their tracks that's why Brian Lewis made up that ridiculous story about the continuation play that nobody ever heard of in their lives hey how come man none of the stars were in uh in person that i probably i'll get in late i don't know hey how about that comedian they had and he's got a little bit right god oh she was the worst and by the way you notice that she cut the act in the middle she left early because uh they just about booter off the stage batten and hide her itself hey can i call her uh call somebody dispatched her you and bruise you guys are too okay i have a great life don't forget by the way the marlins remember the marlins no they're supporting mimey dead county mayor Alex penis the mimey coalition and weed and seed we like weed and seed baby clearly the weed part and the reference to reduce gun violence in injuries in mimey day county by rewarding residents who participate in guns surrendered day tomorrow is gun surrendered day local residents will receive free tickets to a marlins game on July 9th 10th or 11th for every gun is surrender tomorrow at our coal lakes park or tropical park between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. you've been encouraging his area residents to turn in their unwanted guns he's been through deluxe and participate in gun safety demonstrations while educating them about the state of Florida's new 1020 life law that's right actually it's going to be a stick up they're going to hold you up and force you to take the marlin tickets with you one or more not five six seven five six eight pound five six eight on the 18th you are the slide here's poppin oh hello me'll got yes sir are you doing it a great hey i heard you mentioned earlier about jazz decay yeah um you know what had happened i got i have no idea he was fired in uh this place and fired in that place and then i think it was up and Cleveland for about five minutes you got fired up there how do you know that's funny and he got divorced too by the way his is wife got turned she never was his wife either by the way with that broad that he kept passing off his wife she got paired a turn around the big crypt all the time that he had all his crap in that used to steal all the remember her well hey when he was filling in for you one as the old wio d days he played a song about a wrap with that thing um about how black he was and when black it had black and black do you remember that one no no okay i call somebody to say five six seven oh five six the pound five six the on the 18th you wireless line i apologize profusely i made the uh the cardinal sin i mentioned jazz decay sorry next thing will be getting letters from jailbirds again this is the only guy i've ever worked with in my life and six hundred years in his business he come on here and do his abjads okay and that really uh just horrible show and he get call after call from jailbirds on the inside hey damn calling for our cadia my death run it is about to find me but hey could you please play that bit about the uh wrap it at yeah okay no problem the worst excuse for a broadcast of an history of my accepted course is only one i can think of much worse and i don't want to mention her name on here right now okay that you take her real sciss-cop decision yet to go woo heavy duties sweetheart see a tar kingdom i think i think she's changing tires over there's what she's doing on diesel trucks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th you wireless line here's my enemy hello hello have you ever supposed to pop before yes have you smoked it recently no window last time you're let me ask you something sure is this an acquisition do you smoke pot being acquisition no yeah good blow out your ass have i ever smoke he's asking me it may not be a business i smoked it twice in my life i hated it and i don't smoke the weed okay but everywhere i go everybody else doesn't have their business and it smells like crap how do you like that sir inquisitor the grass jack would you smoke it when's the last time you smoked it let you know about it are you shifting the seeds are you sticking even Roy's yeah and you might be enjoying it too by the way if there's any room left at the end five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th you wireless line here's deer field hello can we still a call like that when he started but not even with a hello or with anything just how you well yeah have you now ever were deer field hello hello yeah yes sir working out probably that problem with Jamaicans man what the how are you talking about sir who mentioned Jamaicans today where's this coming from left you better feel I was talking about people man yeah I'm not you always have problems that everybody man do I really we love our Jamaicans we got our we love our Jamaicans friends man they got their good crap right here in our neighborhood okay what do you so will you be talking about yeah get out of here you do spag and quit playing quit tying up the goddamn interstate next time you go one of those stupid soccer games okay hello we don't care anymore because we moved to hockey right next to my house because we don't want to drive down there with all you crazy Brazilians and Jamaicans tying up the goddamn interstate on the night when we got a hockey game you more on Jesus Christ that's your story what you start doing when you smoke too much bad weed you start going to soccer games then you really know you've gotten nuts then you start thinking that maybe that reformat is then you had a pointer to go to soccer games get real man you know what I'm saying 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line hand cold burger 2 donny b who used to be a hell of a good guy till he suck Chris Moore's ass he's gonna be on the 660 to pregame show at no yeah Let's go to the five. Let's go to the five. Here. Let's go to the five. Let's go to the five. Five. Let's go to the five. When they were easy to kill, then the new boat needs to look at five. Five. When they were flat, throw them and drive a grind. They'll be five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Five. Yeah. Five. Let's go to the five. Let's go to the five. Let's go to the five. Let's go to the five. Five. Let's go to the five. You drove out of here. You didn't? No. I'm running into you. There you are. Everybody is following. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. I'm going to be a little bit more nervous. Okay! Are you sure? You sure? Prop 45 with 5.60. I'm going to ask you a useful podcast. Last time you put some weed in your post. I went to the last time you lit up on it. I was going to go and how often and what was the life you buy from and how much in a certain so on and you make sure you picked all the seeds out first. Huh? God, there was a serious walking asshole. How do you like that? Call up the Guinness Booker records. A walking asshole. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T. Where was line? Here's my any, hello. New God. Yes, sir. New. I want to know if you were going to attend this weekend's gut show. No, I'll pass. Hell pass. What? How about some part? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 another Julio with nothing to say. 5, 6, 7, 0, that's one thing they Julio's in a starter gotten common. Okay, besides all that heavy jewelry is and the extra load of grease is they got nothing to say. So a very jackass by the way, there's proof to you if you think if you think that the Julio is going to help the, whatever the, an Athens station, 17, an Athens were laughing. You're a dream in baby. Because one thing that they put them on, you take away the cock fights. You take away the soccer with those of South American. Is there anything in sports that they know anything about? No, we're interested in anything to say about. No, no. So forget it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. The caller, the caller couple of calls ago about the black wrapper. It's up C B 4, the Chris Rock movie. Do you think so? What is it? It's a C B 4. It's a Chris Rock movie. Yeah. It's a sketchy Scott on it with a black wrapper. So what is the, what is the as a machine? In other words, he stole it from somebody else's works. You're saying? No, it's a sketch of a movie. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. So if jazz, the kid was planted, that means he was playing out of a movie. Play, you know, he's right. I got something else. I'm surprised me. I'm planning to go on vacation to a Colorado National Forest. Yeah. I'm wondering, what do you know about that? What do I know about it? I'm not a National Forest. It's been a lot of murders up there. Yeah. And what a word. I'm bringing my girlfriend. Yeah. But okay. Well, drop her into wood and notice the house you make sound. 5 6 7 0 5 60, Pomp 5 60 on the 18 T worldless line. So we got one guy that's spending his vacation in Fort Myers. Here's the guy who's going to the Ocalo National Forest looking for Ted Bundy in the woods. And hey, what a crime we got. Yeah. Here's the call from Orlando. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. For that guy at the School of National Forest and the Ward, or Nancy Caryon. Why? But anyway, you put a few moments ago. You talked about what the colors once told about. But listen to you all day. I haven't heard anything. What were we going to do about Bobby? What plug in our fascist governor trying to take off to see that boat's out? That was yesterday's topic that I had no calls on. I was the self-righteous article. The editor of the Miami Herald, the worst editor of the history. Yeah, that's what I heard. screaming about the anti-Semitism at some snowy Palm Beach club when the Herald is the most anti-Semitic institution ever in South Florida. So maybe you're going to do about Mickey's ships with all the casinos on there. That's what I said. That's it. Sir, your repair. She said yes today. They were the ones who were in bed with Mickey to put this damn arena over because they want to renovate downtown. So they can boost the value of one of her plans up. And they get the new slips that didn't there for Mickey to. For the American Airlines or me, but at the meantime, Mickey just happens coincidentally to own the carnival cruise lines with all those gambling ships out there. Not that they would have a concert at it and so do you understand the Herald? Oh, man. Well, I'd like to hear some calls on that. You're not going to hear any. Sir, you'd like hear some calls on it. Boy, you must be dream. Understand these people don't care. That's why all this stuff goes on here. They're going to put over an election here on the 29th of July. When 90% of the people who didn't come off of an antibody on vacation in the out of town on a Thursday in the list, they're going to sneak over an election so they can sneak another penny sales tax in it and screw the public again with more metro railing buses and bullcrafts, go merits, their home and mayor penis can pull this crap over on us. And you want to hear something about it? Get a break of Florida and the old. Yeah, well, hold your breath, Pal, have a great day. I'm the voice of Florida. Like El Martina went to Godfather. My voice is weak. Okay. And by the way, nice going on at Sunpan. Oh, the secret. We're also on Channel 4 News last night. 33% of the time they tested that they went through there and did it charge it so they get in the money. Oh, so you know, the state's losing millions of dollars right there because we got the Sunpan. They got those nice little things under when she'll and they think it's swipeted, right? Oh, but it's not taken a money out of there. Beautiful. 33% of the time. 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you done? Great. You know, I just got done watching Channel 7 News go off. Oh, sorry. And right before they go off, they show a piece on Darrell's strawberry and Tampa. Okay. He's, you know, you know, how he's spending his community service talking to little kids about drug abuse. Isn't that great? Well, here's a guy. Well, wait a minute. Who would know better than Darrell? Absolutely. Voice of experience. Who now? What my question is, who would want Darrell's strawberry talking to their kids about drug abuse? I mean, here's a guy that continuously falls in the hole and keeps getting away with it because of who he is because he's a superstar baseball player. I mean, is that you want your kids to have some guy show how he keeps getting away with crap because he's a movie star because he's a, you know, a famous person. Hey, it boggles the mind. How, how, you know, he should be doing. He should be cleaning debris off of I.95. You should have like a same. And, and writing between traffic to pull a truck tires off the middle of the lane. Right. Instead of talking to kids. Yeah, but don't forget August comes. He's going to be eligible to come back. Unbelievable. Is 89's come back. And, you know, you were right about McEarerson. The people that defeat the casino, the casino's down here are the people that are making them, making money off of gambling now. No. Earson. Then the people all there. Yeah. All those people that, that, that, that they're the ones that have the main ones that they're here. Now you're starting to sound like they're got that just called from Orlando. You did, you got to understand wake up and smell a coffee. Okay. This is Florida. This is the way it is. It isn't going to change anytime. And you were lifetime my life time. Your great grandchildren's lifetime. That's the way it is. You're okay. This is a backwater backwards. The end of all state that keeps regressing and regressing. And that's Florida. You know, it's scary because it's, no, it's not just Florida. It's every, no, it's Florida. People are about everywhere. Even even a bunch of red next up there in Voloxi, Mississippi. And in Louisiana and Missouri, even those people are got casinos. But are we going to get in here? No. People don't reason people don't read the newspapers. All they all they know are the 30 second and 60 second spots that they see on TV. What do you mean they don't read the newspapers? The newspapers are going to tell me. I think how about that editorial in a hero that I was just talking about. That talks yesterday about parasitic enterprises and end casino leases and get rid of these goddamn shifts out of our ports. It's said I'm so on. Yeah, you're right. If they're reading the money. If they were. They'd have a chance, but then they're going to happen. Okay. And I got in God bless us. Oh, and they're late. Cool. How to control. Just calm down. Okay. So let me ask. Let me take you down to you. He's been young. I've struck everything. Well, making drugs. And nothing's still drying out. Strawberry rehab forever. All right. Living is easy for sports, for us. Who's put the fan here in the sea? So for stock and business, I've been looking at silk ash. If he can get to 93. And he won't come down, because he loves it. True. With strawberry peel. He's making drugs, be it. It's long and easy to hit him out. Strawberry, that's forever. Now, when he's swinging at strike, three, I'll barely watch behind below. And all the little kids who are afraid that it's all right. So get real high and grab up that. Let me take you down to you. He's been young. Who's put the fan here in the sea? Well, making drugs. And nothing's still drying out. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Real property real forever. Hello Is has to be tested. with the housing here. Now, for now, I'll look at the top of theRecord. 255-6560 WKM, even Joe Costello just came in and said that they bring Darrell strawberry back to the Yankees. He's tearing up his Yankees. He's going to burn it. He will never root for the Yankees again and that George Steinberg can go to hell. That's just what he said right now. I'm going to have a little bit of principle for Christ's Sakes. Instead of worshiping a bunch of scumbags like Steve Howe and Darrell Strawberry and every other gang's be know. Have you ever seen George Steinberg and Jimmy Johnson together? There you go. Rest my case. The gang's the guys. Anyway, 1255 at 5.50 WKM, we got the Hank Ober show coming on to a clock. We got Danny baseball at 6 with it. We know a hockey broadcast that they stuck a deep in his spectrum and then we got the Emarlin Pregame. The Marlins at Montreal,DieExplose. I'm so happy I'm a great girl, I'm a good girl, I'm a good girl It comes on Sunday and it's the things in my head And a sound of a blood-fear-awanna day You know that thing about me, don't think you know I'm on the way, I'm a good girl, I'm a good girl You sure they're me, the youth who told it to me You let me in, get up free, you let me down free She was 25 but she's just a team I want a pregnant woman to put me in I've been my lead, I've been free Daddy, call the call, come on I've been so perfect, I think because I'm here for the big Now I'm a good girl, I'm a good girl And I've got to think right now, oh my shoulders She's underage, she's a good girl She's a good girl, she's just a beast and a beast Get a middle-aged, low-spangled hands, and time She's looking my body, I'm actually in this trophy I don't see just a team Okay, so anyways, 202 at 5.60 WQM, just put it away We just put it away Anyway, we got the 1600 open lines here If you want to be with us this last hour, Hank Grober Coming up in studio, by the way, to a clock this afternoon And casino leases, yesterday, and this guy, these people are calling me She's like, how come you're not talking more about that? Because nobody here cares about these things, don't you understand? Don't you get it, don't you? He's having to be here long enough to finger it out No, don't care I mean, the Harold has got these people so used to it By now, in fact, it's a rare day when you open up the Harold any morning They don't have at least one editorial screaming and tearing on Historically about the evil of casino, the sky is falling And like it says at the end of yesterday's editorial, when does it stop? Why does it stop? That's what they want to know at the Harold How does it stop already for Christ's six? It's a tiny far east Right, those evil one are bandits, baby Go to the track and lose your goddamn weak salary Go buy a bunch of lottery tickets, the biggest sucker bet in the world That's fine But God forbid you should go to a casino Unless the courses as big as your boloxy or in the Bahamas Then you'll have a great time, just read a couple of weeks section there in the Harold, tell me about all the, it's unbelievable And everybody this time, just it's backing going Yeah, well, you know, maybe they got a point, yeah Here's Miami, hello Don't never get the real picture, it's really ashamed to Yeah, the Harold Well, whatever you get the real picture, the real picture Never move into the 20th century No, it's not nothing to do with that, it's got to do with their own selfish interest That's what it's got to do, they want to continue running this town Or at least in their own minds, they think they run this town They don't want to lose any of their power When you only have one newspaper, that's what happened That's exactly correct You know, there's just two things, the old, the strawberry thing is disgusting And what's even worse is when he goes back to the stadium He'll get a standing ovation He will? Be sure, will, you watch Maybe from the Puerto Ricans Well, anyways, the other thing was ESPN2 You know, if you'd call in Campbell after that call, he was on the other night Yeah, you talk about someone who really has done a turnaround Since he's on Batman stuff Yeah, if he'd have been in New York, if they'd take it a playoff game away For him, you know, never eat a breakfast Right But that was, what were we going to do? But you know, something I'll tell you how my impact Even alluded to it last night on the CBC They threw a couple of jokes in Back in Dallas when the ice was so bad and they were playing on Slush and they were having all those problems And nobody could skate And they were, and the beginning of the first Game or two on CBC, they were talking about the humidity And the temperature inside The league made them stop it The league stepped in and Gary Batman said we don't want any more references On the telecast to the temperature or the humidity Inside the building in Dallas How do you like that? Disgusting. Yeah. Second. Okay. So in other words, we're all blind And nobody can see that they're skating on the Margaritas out there And that it's not good for a championship much less Any other kind of a game. Just keep it up, Gary Benton, you little pud wacker, okay? Your piece of crap. The greatest thing that could happen is that we wake up on Monday morning And find out that Gary Benton and I'll open a very Jack ass From there. There you go. Jesus, God, what a match made in heaven In fact, now that I think of it, they both look just saying I've ever seen together. Oh, I've improved my point 560, 50560, on a mobile one line. Yeah. Look what good goal to me. Thank you Wayne. Thank you, needle nose. Get out of here. Okay. Take Janice. Get out of our face already. So sick and tired of him already. The 85th standing elevation tribute to the great one. Okay. Get out of here. Old fart old clone. Thing I always loved about Gretsky the most As when somebody would just barely brush, but just barely touch him. And it would always hold that his head. That little panzy Hummy with and go flying off to the bench and cry for about a half an hour And this like the next two periods. Nice going Wayne. You sack a turd. Here's a mobile and there's a hello. All your point in. Hello. Yeah. Great. Okay. Thanks. Well, I thought I'd give it a shot. Maybe we could like fake our way through, but it's that line. Eight probably. Oh, going Gregg. Gregg reading the beast. Like given us the best equipment and money can't buy. Maybe. Pollock old retread garbage that even got in Alexander Graham Schwarze would be embarrassed by even Mark Coney would be laughing at this. Oh, it's. 56050560. Pond 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and four letterdale. Hello. The oh guy. Yes sir. You know two things. Number one. I don't know if you saw the full page. Add that was taken out by saw grass mills corporation about some sort of a secret deal That the sunrise. Right. Right. The way. I'm. Council like it's cooked up with the high thing. Right. That's a little news. Yeah. I didn't know anything about it. I tried to stay away from the sunrise news there. I don't know. I don't blame you. What is happening with that? Any idea? You're asking me? I mean, it's going to go for that. You live there, don't you? Yeah. Okay. Well, what does it mean? I live there. So therefore, I have some inside. Yeah. I think you know what's going on there. What's going on is that Wayne and he's his colleagues are going to build another gigantic thing over there with a mall and the compete with the saw. Just what we need is another. Yeah. I'm going to boil on our. Right. Exactly. Right. The other thing is, well, something that doesn't make any sense to me. The other day I'm in the bathroom. I'm leaving myself there and I go to the bathroom. I walk out the guy says, I'm going to wash your hands. It was fish. Yeah. He says, what do you mean you only fish? Don't you? Don't you wash your hands? It's disgusting in there. I curse to me that, well, I take a shower in a morning. I wash everything, right? It's all covered up all day long. Right. My hands in the meantime are touching. Let me say again. Let me say again for all those panties out there who wash their hands after they take a leak. If they're that concerned about cleanliness, they should wash their hands before they take a leak because they're hand. Hopefully, if we got a lot more germs out of them there, what I'm saying? That's right. My Pepsi is cleaner than my hands could ever be. Hopefully. Right. That blessed. Okay. God bless you. Well, I see he doesn't understand it. Probably going in the probably on circumsize. They got that pecker reeling there to deal with. 560, 560, 560, 560 animal. 170, it's again. People like I've asked you before, is it in your brain because you put it there and you decided this makes sense or because somebody else convinced you, this is how to think and this is how to act. And so just mindlessly, we have millions of men washing their hands after they take a leak. When there is absolutely no reason in the world to be doing that. None. Do you wash your hands after you pee? No. Or you do. Like, you wash your hands after you like open the door and they're okay, Mr. Climbing this. Okay. And that big boil on the side of his face. God, I start washing my pussy with that if I were you, my home. 108, it fires. And by the way, that stuff, great. That stuff is the stuff that they found that is I used to hand that in the house and stop using it because it's creating all these germs these new for our strains of bacteria. The liquid soap. You didn't hear about that. And I'm not making a stuff either. Liquid soap is creating your strains of bacteria that are antibiotic resistant. And they're saying, don't whatever you do be using the liquid soap. No one of you got that big oozing thing on your face there. Which you look good early in the week and now you look like crap. You look like, if you roll one in the middle of your head if they we make Frankenstein, you can be perfect. Jesus Christ. He's using the liquid soap. Oh, Jesus Christ. I wonder if raw. Who said in his spectrum before it will? 9 minutes after one at 5. 60 of it. This roi business. What kind of arrogant cocky attitudes that this guy walks in here and just grab these cigars here from there's like like he's belong to him. Talk about a cocky shwarts and man. Who the hell? Who was this guy think he is? Am I impressed because he used to go where a jacks drap and he'll take it off. Oh, no. He ever saw a selling response on his show on his station. Oh, no. Mr. Hacha comes in grabs our dildo grabs our cigars. Anything that's round and hard. He's got his hand on it. Anybody have a heart or a liver? No. I made it to a farm shelter. Somehow I made it to the moon. I feel like the high people I watched here and I watched the news. They say we're all we'll see. We're not bad. We're not bad for true. But you make us feel you. Yeah, you make us feel like we've been through. And like it's swimming in. Oh, some 48 is this time. Like a set of the year. When you're far from home, you're jealous of like it's the day. One 15 to five 50 W. Speaking of big poms, but wait, don't forget Joe Costello's spectacular racing show at a mar morning. The pre golf. Yeah, what do we got a golf show on his station? Is that embarrassing or what? I'm not using this. Right. Although it is Kimba. You know, mess with Kimba is what a feet tall. So anyway, I'm Joe's auto racing show. It's just a clock in mar morning. Steep Park driver for Dale Earnhardt's Penn's oil Winston Cup King. Oh, I might be guessing. You know, you're going to get up and hear it. No, but you will. Joe gets more calls than that one hour than some shows on the station. Get in six months five and then more calls in one hour than that. Waffin station is going to get in six minutes. And that's because that's about how long that format's going to last. The fact is that this is one of the biggest jokes in a history man. It's like a practical joke. And actually the hero being as stupid as the R&D's goalable is the R. Put it right there on the front page because any any news paper that would have very jackass work from in the first place is basically like putting up a billboard saying, Hey, worrying that we are a bunch of punk kids. We have stringers because we don't want to pay anybody for real. And the New Yorker article was right on target. Thanks for your refreshing honestry. Amnesty by the way, my anti-Semitic friends. Where are we going? Here's my email. New guy. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I got a little story for you. Yes. Channel 51 last night. I didn't want to watch about my mother. I was there and she was pulling the guy there in Channel 11. I saw that they said that in R&D's, as high as a transplant, like a hair transplant. No, he was transplanted. Well, he's going more than such a young age. Yeah. I mean, they talk so much crap that I don't know if it's true or not. Yeah. But I don't know. I wouldn't investigate because I don't know. What I mean, actually, do you think we really care about that? I mean, R&D, you know, he looks pretty good with it without it. That's true. And one more favor. Can I call somebody a first-back please? Yes. Kathy, you work on this here. You're nothing but a pushback. Okay. Okay. Give him a kiss for us in the countdown. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm, fine. More that thing is getting bigger and bigger. Jesus Christ. I don't want to get you nervous about that. That's the bad thing's going to spoil your whole weekend, man. Anyway, here's a mobile and West Palm beach. Hello. Why don't I get you nervous? What about that? We finally got this line working. We got somebody with a radio cranked up and they're beefing and puking. Okay. Have a nice day in West Palm. Diddleman. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Palm, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. I haven't spoken to you well. How have you been? Great. I'm glad. I've been here. I've been here. I know you haven't been listening to you. Good. I wanted to know if you could please enlighten me on the... No. I didn't thank you. I watched the last day in the cup game. And to me, I saw the play itself. How are we going to rehash this? It's not. I was just like that. This was a week ago tomorrow. It's now almost six days later. It was not a good goal. The league set was a good goal. They made up a story. They paid off Wayne Gretzky to come on the award. You're like, and say, well, if my opinion counts, it was a good goal. They're trying to brainwash the public. They blew it and they can't wear a button. They're going to do about it now. I know. What I want to ask you, Neil, was, was even Kathy Willis never blew it so much. Was it the foot actually in the creases? Yeah. It wasn't a puck came out. If a puck comes out, you got to come out. Yes, there's no goal. No goal in it. Right. And I do have to agree with you on another thing. That Neil that Wayne Gretzky did. He got a lot of cheap penalties called from throughout the years. I am in. Have a good day now. And back to you. I'm so sick and tired. Thank God he retired. I was one of those people had a party in my pants when he finally retired. Jesus Christ enough is enough already. And by the way, don't forget. Let's go spurred. Five six, seven, five, six, six, six, six. Five, five, six, six. The animal will one line. Interesting. How quiet those New Yorkers have been ever since they took it right up the old, uh, old Beckham shoot in that last game. They've been real quiet the last couple of days. Nice and quiet. Just the way we like it. Here's Miami. Hello. What's up now? Yes sir. What do you think about the penny tax? How big are you? The penny tax. What do I think about it? Yeah. I think it sucks. Oh. I think it sucks. I think the mayor is a crook. I think mayor penis is a show eat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Penis. Oh. Mayor penis got elected because he lied to the people and said that he wasn't going to let Mickey Harrison build any uh, arena at a taxpayer expense. Then he gets elected. He turns right outside of it. And he makes that he makes this deal with Mickey Harrison behind our back. And now the taxpayers are going to get screwed and have to pay for the upkeep of that goddamn arena. And then he turns around and he makes this deal with an election. The Thursday, the 29th of July, when everybody's out at town. What is this? Penis is a big amount of ethnicities. I do so. I have people say, I don't know. Mayor penis is a mayor. The mayor has an ethnic penis. That was your saying, sir, well, I guess you'd know. I don't know. And don't care. He ate my type. Five, six, seven. In fact, he's nobody's type. Okay, but he's perfect for South Florida. He's exactly the perfect kind of crook that we ought to have in South Florida. They can all kind to be behind this. And then pretending that he's good at issues. He was pretending to be something that he's not. Fony is what he is. Fony's faker. I have any kind of election on the 29th of July on a Thursday, no less. Do we ever have elections on a Thursday? No. And it'll probably be. You can almost smell it. Another one of those deals. If you're against the text, you say yes. And if you're for it, you'll say no. Just turn it around. Make it back. We just like they got the metro rail to in the first place. Because somebody's getting you smeared somewhere out there to that right now. And by the way, I don't see any gigantic editorials in a hero that it's he Carl Heisen's column, which is right on target. But I don't see them editorializing and screaming and hovering and carrying on about how dare he try to pull his off. I don't see that. At the same time that they're running this 95,000 part series about the evils of casino gambling. And the 200,000 part series about that great news sports station in 17 around the dial. That most of you can't pick up on your radios. Maybe they got preoccupied. Maybe they just forgot. You think that might be it? Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, how you doing? I was driving down the turnpike from Palm Beach Gardens. I'm one of your longtime loyal Palm Beach Gardens listeners. Well, God bless you, sir. Yes, sir. And I heard this handwashing thing that you brought up a minigur. I almost drove off the turnpike. This is a service to your listeners. There was an epidemiological study done about two years ago about this. And they went into all the men's rooms. And they cultured like the faucets and the toilets and the door knobs. And it turns out that in the men's room, the dirtiest place that you can place your hands in the men's room. Men's room is the faucet that you're going to touch the washer hands with. How do you like that? It was unbelievable. It was shocking. And they said, you're absolutely like, do not wash your hands in the men's room. Just like Ferris, to say, keep your hands off the faucet. Yeah, off the faucet, off the door knobs. But because it's all wet. So I guess that means if you've got to wash your hands in there, you better return the faucet out with your nose. No, that's not the idea either. Or from other hand, maybe you're helpful. Thank you, Neil. Thanks for the good news. All these pussy's we got out there. They're having an nervous breakdown about taking a blood test. They're having an nervous breakdown about going and taking a leak. And God forbid something more serious in a public restroom. What the hell is wrong with these people? It's how it used to normal all over again. Oh, it's so sharp. Those germs are going to get me. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's Westchester. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What the hell are you doing? Go spurs first of all. Death goes spurs right. And second of all, why are you on New York fan's assels? A big important. Why are you on New York fan's assels? I don't know. Maybe they have a course that they have. Oh, and my note, he says a course. Just Nick, every New York fan. Oh, everyone. And one more thing. I'd wound up on a night by ear. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. He said best in a cool-o's. What he said. pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Something like that. Here's my email. Yes, sir. When it's time to be. Again, something like that. Anyway, where we got money. One, has anybody said anything about low people get refunds on their transponders. If this thing goes through and they knock on all these toll booths? No. In other words, you're buying it. I got hit. Oh, they haven't gotten that far yet. They're just finding out now. Thanks to the people of the channel, the news channels. That this thing's a polycrap. Oh, I see. They're just discovering that. You're a little premature in addition to which they're probably trying to figure out a way around that. Yeah. Are we ready to laugh about you? Do you think they want to give you your money back? I'm sorry. An addition of which they're losing 33% of the tolls. They're losing their ass on this deal already. But at least it's nice and convenient for those of you who got them. Well, then my second part is in recognition of these idiots here. Could you do your aina? Okay. No, I'll do mine is. But well, somebody's aina. You worry about your aina. It's not worry about mine. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. pound, 5, 60. Anybody worried about Roy? Roy. Boy. The more I look at this thing that's laying over here on the table on its side. And I think about what he said before. Believe me, I didn't make that up. He's the one that made the comment right there to Joe Costello. We got 16 witnesses here. Okay. I'd be really embarrassed. And here's the guy that planes Dr. Rackens last year for trying to act and done having bloody oozing stools. And then here just a few months later I'd missed that. Maybe, you know, back to him. A little problem there with very large instruments. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Did that guy just ask you to do his aina? No, he did not. He said, how about taking it up your aina? He said, five, six, seven, 0, five, 60. Pomp five, 60. On a mobile one line. Of course we know you said. Here's Miami. Hello. I can't stop laughing. I know it's killing me. I know it's killing you. How are you? I feel. Telling me. I mean, only at least today was payday. Which takes a little of the pain away. Only in Miami does the gay community get upset. When one politician calls another politician a 60. Did you see that? No, I didn't see that. Our T.O. Colt Roya was a 60 and now the gay's are not. Really? What does what does sushi have to do with being gay? Well, read it. Three feet in the hurl. Well, thanks for the good news. Thank you. I missed that. Oh, and I already got the Harold and I got the fish wrapper in a waste basket. So we called Joe Caroleo, a shissy or was the other way around. Something like that. And a bunch of fruit cakes and I'll bet on the shape. Just grow up already. Wait for a client out loud. Our T.O. and Joe Caroleo. I think they're probably doing each other. If you asked me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If he would call them a mighty colon, then I would have said, I'll write my T.O. he don't know what that means. Joe Caroleo, he never got elected against the mental case. Didn't he get elected against the thing? Oh, I've got who's trying to fix the election? That's going to be his knee got elected. Same old tired faces, same old tired stuff. In fact, there's a room where the Steve Clarks coming back from Ayer, my name has always been dead for a couple of years. They're going to prop his ass up on a chair. He's going to have a bottle of gin bean in front of it. Do a hell of a lot better job than mayor penis is doing right now. You're in T.O. then. All these little backwards deals. All these little behind the door deals. All these little funny suspicious elections. All his bullcraft could be behind the scenes deals with Mickey Harrison. One day he's a good guy. Next day he's a bad guy. Next day we got a given of all the gambling because the hero says so. And Yati, Yati, Yati, Yati. Because we got the nine groups sitting around and somebody's house somewhere. So multi-millionaires house once a month is shutting out what's good for us and what's going to happen here. And we got the rest of the people in this town go and. Yeah. And then we got about 600 banana boat people on their screen and they'll go up to the L. And that's politics and it's a successful, especially big county. Let me tell you the best part about date county is having moved from there. That's the best part about day. Heaven moved out. 133 or 560 W. We got to see that. They got the N.R. Zone out there. So I mean, I can't really close his wife instead. You're 65,000 times. And I was claiming that he was sleepwalking. So they got the verdict. He and the attorney are sitting there and grid of uncertain is going. Bump up. Like that. Refleswing. So I'm going to keep my eye on it. And then they're hand. Yeah. Shut up, Grinna. So as we get the verdict on that. They better say guilty. We're going to be pissed off and the filming at the month. Okay. He didn't asleep. And also by the way, and he sleep. He had the clothing in his car and all the other stuff. And the changes closed and put on his PJs. He went back to bed. He was so nice to dog and asleep to keep him quiet while the murder was going on. But didn't recognize his wife that he stamped 52,085 times. Yeah, he was sleepwalking. There he go. So we're standing by. We're sitting by. Here's Hialia. Hello. Amy, are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm calling about that. That call I call about three or four calls ago. That ignorant, flop cube. And that call up and said New York fans are stink. He just can't handle it because the Nica beat is a heaps. Yeah, well, we're not worried about that. That's interesting. We're not talking about the teams either. We're talking about the fans. We're not saying that all of the York teens suck. They've been that many of the fans are obnoxious and arrogant. And loudening make a sick. And you know what I'm saying? At least you're consistent. I don't want to hear about it. Don't want to hear of New York sports. And in fact, we invite all of the New York sports fans as soon as Waffen goes on here. 17. That'd be a great place for you to lose. Okay? Maybe they can even get Wayne Roost in over there. Just roost on 1700 and leave this station to the people I want to talk about. Other crap. We were not in New York. We don't care about the next about the jet about the Yankees Joe about any of that crap. We don't want to hear from it. Why don't you go back to New York? You'll want faster. Exactly. So how's Greta coming? And so the jury has had the chance to listen to. Yeah, we're some of his mouth. Yeah, well, we're still waiting. Okay. We're going to move towards from your mouth. Go back in the hangout with O.J. Okay, Greta. Kiss him on the answer. Get in you a job. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. So anyway, here's the facts from Keith who says that maybe I am wrong. I don't understand this. It says you're misunderstanding the hero position. The casino boat docking ships are like the Sun crews, casino princes, etc. These ships are in competition with Mickey Harrison ships, which is why the hero is backing the position, probably because Mickey would pull advertising dollars from them, etc. And so on. Thank you, Keith. Whatever you say, there's sitting out there in a penis. Arizona waiting for the goddamn judge if he ever comes in the courtroom and then we're bringing in a jury. And then we'll find out because if this is going to fly, this I killed her in my sleep, this sleepwalk, and routine. And like they're pointing out here, this guy had he ever got to a doctor claiming he had a sleepwalking disorder. He never treated for any such, no, no. But all of a sudden very conveniently decided, oh, yeah, he must have done this sleep. After he was frustrated from trying to fix the pool and then it tough day to work that day. So we came home and just stabbed her 28 or 45,000 times whichever you believe. Only in America, baby, because nobody's responsible for their own actions. And so all the jobs were picking on us. And then we had a rough day at the office. And the dog done it. And everybody is responsible for everybody else's actions. Here's a mobile informa, Lauderdale, hello. Neil, what's going on? Yes sir. Just wanted to voice a little bit of a thing about your talk about that thing the other night about the jobs at the Column Line High School, how they wanted to blame it on them. Yeah. I would everybody's calling up, you know what, with the combination full of victims, no one wants to take responsibility for their actions anymore. Right. Everyone wants to blame it on this disease, or I got this palm, I got that palm. Why had a bad day at work like you're saying, this guy out in Arizona. Everyone's got a problem. And I'll say it again, not just jobs, but different groups of kids at schools have been ticking out other kids. For as long as there have been schools, this is not that blue. Maybe that's not the most pleasant thing in the world, but it's a part of life. Just like in the adult world, you know, people make fun of other people. Sure, people get picked on. Fat people get picked on whatever it might be. And the zamina we can go on and kill somebody or try to rationalize that this was an excuse for their, actually for their barbaric actions. No, you got to stop and move open, tick on or whatever you, you know, that's what happens. Give us a crap exactly. Neal shameless request. Yes sir. That's right. Okay, you got it. Thanks. Yeah. Okay. We're waiting. Okay. Here's the, of course, the photographer. He's going to do this. I'm going to tell you CNN and Fox News and all these other 24 hour news channels. And MSNBC, they should kiss the ground that stuff that I like this goes on. And just kills all after all, after all, after all, and they can just make a, by the way, how's your, but I do it. Oh, it's a good news. Scott, full later. And what kind of an aim is that, too? By the way, guilty, first of remurter, baby. Oh, it's Friday. You, well, I've been, I don't know. I think it's a very special friend. Stop by. Show me. All about. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, I'm already a lady. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Oh, I wonder where it is. It looks like it looks like I've got to push the cut. It's me back boy. I want your pay. Hey. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I saw a, hey, let me help you. Hey. Oh, what's this right here? That is the ball pipe. What do you do with the blow pipe? You've blown it, lad. Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, do it. Okay. Come on, lad. Take me, lad, that's quite your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I'd like to like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Hey, I think you do that, lad. What's this over here? That's mid-shantar. What do you do with that? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Run your hands up and down it there. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Oh, okay. We'll together on at the same time. Okay, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's. Good, lad. Hey, that's good, lad. Sure, that's good, lad. Keep low on, mohadar laden. Adam, squeeze the bag. Squeeze, mom. Let's run your hands up and down the shaft. Quick, faster. Run your hands up and down the shaft. Yes, no, no. We're going to play some more fun. What a happy day! Oh, me! You're good, kid. You're good, kid. You're good, kid. You put us maybe. 144 at 5. 60 WQM a great day for American justice. It's about time. Oh, God, palator who stand is why 65 million times. And then hit all day a bloody clothing and then put his PJs back on and went back to bed. And it was attorney try to say, oh, all of a, a sleepwalking thing. Joke the a murder in a first and read, maybe. I didn't think of Sarah's on. Now, of course, they're going to appeal. And then I'll appeal again. And it'll take some time. But nevertheless, by his ass. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Hey, no, how you doing? Okay, sir. You obviously didn't read day by today. No, I did not. I never read the first read paragraphs. You would have spent all day on it. About one. Just please. I don't have any. Well, he's writing about. Oh, no. Somebody has to get it to you. I see the waist pass. What is it about? It's about the coach of the spurs getting naked in front of his team. The coach of the spurs got naked in front of his team. The two were hit it. Oh, I'm telling you. Okay. I'll dig it out in the paper, too. Oh, Christ. Dave, hi. I never read his poem. And I even read a little Michael Mayo's poem. They said, fast. Trying to prove that he's Jewish. I'm stealing my material again. I'm like, Mike Mayo says fast to watch into Marlins. And he thinks that I'm the one that's killing them. He says, fast. Right there in the paper. Where is this piece of crap? This better be good, man. This better be great. Here's that. That's the Harold sports. You don't write in the Hurley writes in the guide name. Sun seven. Where is it already? Oh, God. Is this it? There you go. What page do you see it's on three? One, five. Let's see. Yeah, there's Mike Mayo. He says, hold the Mayo and fast to that. Dave Hyde. I'm looking. I don't see any Dave Hyde column in the Sun set. How do you like that? I got this chopped up a little bit. I don't see any Dave Hyde column. And it's not scum sent all day. I'm looking and I'm looking. Last time I checked Dave Hyde writes in a sunset or right now in the guide name, Harold. Do you see any Dave Hyde column here? I don't see it. There is page 14. See. I see it. You see Dave Hyde? Oh, here it is. It's not said about them in the front page. It says there are million stories in the city and the surprises that San Antonio coach Greg Popovic. We don't look at all like Jeff Popovic by the way of the hurricane. It looks a lot better. Actually, figures into one of them naked even. He'll kill me for saying this. Spurs guard Steve Kerset through his day morning. This was after we played a terrible game against Venus this year and the terrible start. We had we were up by 20 lost to lead to him. I won the game. Pop came into the locker room after the game and started stripping off his clothes in front of us. All of them. He was yelling. I've had it. I can't deal with you guys anymore. And we're like, guys, this guy's naked and standing there yelling at us. Yeah. So what's wrong with that? Yeah. Let's go spurred. Who cares about that, huh? Oh, I dug all of that. I'm looking at the mess I made. Did you get that out? Oh, my God. Oh. Now, put him in Jeff Popovic stripping off those clothes in locker room. Then we'd be excited about that when he went to have him hurt. Then we'd have gotten real psyched about that. Anybody ever find out any more about Jeff Popovic and his brother? No. No. See, then, there's any research. Now, see, that's the kind of story I guarantee you'll be heard a lot more over there on Waffen on 1700. They'll probably have Jeff Popovic right on there. Probably he'd broadcast the naked on there on 1700. And I'll tune in. Here's plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Since you're thinking through the sun sent me. Did you have a talk about the editorial in the today's sunset? No, about there was a woman who wrote an article in New York Times. It was printed today in the sun sent me, comparing the bush family to the Corlean. Yeah, saw that. Okay. I don't know if you've seen that. Yeah. Yeah, it was interesting. I agree with you on the verdict. Absolutely the right thing. How do you like this? He was walking in his sleep supposedly instead of 28 times. I thought on 2020, I thought. I thought, yeah. You had to think, my God, you know, come up with any excuse for making murder. You know, I mean, it's ridiculous. I caught basically to, oh, I'll tell you now, I hope you have a nice vacation. But I also wanted to thank you for this. Please go on an vacation. I'm going to vacation now. Are you going to go on vacation? Soon. Not right now. Not right. Not soon. Oh, okay. Well, that's good. Because I look forward to listening. I wanted to thank you though. I went to see my cardiologist in April and I haven't had a chance to mention this. And while I was there, I said, can you do a homo-system test? Any sort of second person this week? Good. So he did. And it turns out I was borderline high. What was the number? Ninety six, I think? No, no. The numbers are like 15 and so not ninety. Well, whatever was, it was a little high so they had me be put me on B complex. Right. And with the Polic acid. Yeah. And is it down? Well, I haven't been back. I don't know. Believe me. I've even put you on a lot of, I mean, that's part of the B complex. But you got to take a lot of Polic acid. In fact, if you go into your drug store, even the supermarket development section, they have what's called an anti holocestine formula. Oh, really? Yeah, it did. Even in public, they got it. And it's, I've been taking it for a few months now. Very, very good. It's got B vitamins and very high in Polic acid. And it's all the stuff that you should be taken. Well, that was the thing. I went into the drug store to get to B complex. I didn't know what to buy. There were so many different varieties on the page. You told me that. Right. I appreciate it. Okay. Good. Thanks. Have a good weekend. Yeah. This homosexual system, of course, that one book which I wish I could remember the name of it. But I'll bring it on again on Monday and keep it here. Where he writes about homosexual system. Everybody's all whipped up about cholesterol. And again, because your doctors haven't told you squad about anything. That's the way it goes in America. Nobody knows anything, which is why Americans keep getting the fatter and fatter and sicker and sicker and more. And more and more of these cracks on TV with their pills. And by the way, Joe Costello was taking that stuff that they were peddling to us a few weeks ago here on the show. Oh, yeah. Go out there at the Kiosk in the mall and get this stuff. It's great. He's been taking those a couple of days. Just going to scale here. Gain four pounds. I was going, Joe. Gain four pounds. That works like a miracle. Well, many opposite directions. Maybe he had just a few, you know, soda crackers like my dogs.