Sports Radio 560 W2AM My Ami Fort Loderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. They're not the Neil called 567-0560 toll free for dating bro. They're Count 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA, and the Lusting Garman Edder Gohan. Only in the banana republic baby, only in Miami. Come on everybody. Don't look at them. We don't pay a fee. We'll be shipping tickets there, right? We'll be shipping tickets. Can you find a key to these? No, what you told them that? You think the fuck it's your food? I told them to buy a book. It's supposed to make it worth it. That's a book. Check out what I've been kicking. You have it down in the old town. Hold up. Jesus. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Let me do hold it. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. Open the door. No. Disp. No. Don't tell me. Protect things that I've been waiting for. Help me.nadeh像. I'm praying to you. Oh, don't say what to say. Who's that old old old old old old old old old old old houseless old old old old old old old old old old old old old buy new old old old old old old old hobs of old old old old old old old old old one old old old old jeweller.拿Herto Jerko Toco N adjust herto herto You got to go on foot, but that's not the perfect thing. Look. It's a great thing. Oh, it's a great thing. Oh, I don't know if it's a good thing. Why don't I make the game today a bit similar to your surprise? No. Okay. Let me say it again. Bring it loudly. Clearly on the air. Nobody's doing those shows out of the studio ever again. Okay. You got the message? This bluff Lindsay. I'm going to take you something. It's not the big me cry. Just unbelievable. I told him after that first debacle two weeks ago. Don't let Rimmer do that stupid idiotic cocky show his out of my studio again. They potskied around their touch and his. They're touching it. And then of course your number. Oh no, we didn't touch it. Come in here this morning again. I'm not going to blame him for the fact the air conditioning is out over the buildings. You should blame him for that. Okay. It's his fault. And the fact that our off the earphones are all screw ups. You would blame him for that. And then that my thing. Listen. They like that. My 360 over here. And it's a day. I think I found that just before we came on a what? Put sound was it supposed to me. That button. It was supposed to be true. Go and go and. Oh, like that. Just a little drop in there. I mean we always got Henry. Oh, we got. I mean, I don't have no idea how many of these other ones are blank. We might have an X. I have to do with test. I can go through. Are you are you sure. Rhoar. Okay. Maybe it's only a couple. Potskying around. Didn't learn around with our stuff in here. A disaster. And unbelievable disaster. And I told our program director before we broke out in the tears started crying like a child. I said, keep that man out of the studio. Keep him out. The answer is. No, no, no. Keep him out of there. And so low and behold, he's doing a show in here again last night. Bye, Rhoar. Stay down a lot of here. You maniac. Oh, by the way, speaking of the bonnick scene. The reason I played that I saw an interview with Mike Rire of the Indian Tenorals over the weekend to finally said, okay. It's a million dollars. I'm not going to retire. I'll take the money. But that's not important. What is important is that he's black. He's a African Canadian. And he speaks English just like I'm speaking now. He speaks perfect English just like all the other African Canadians. And I thought to myself, God damn it. This is a hoax that's been perpetrated upon black people in America. The idea that if you're black, you ask questions and you can't be expected to speak perfect English. What a bunch of horse crap. Oh, what a it's a ethic. And it's both crap is what it is. There isn't one black person in this country. You can't speak perfect English just like any white person or anybody else. God damn it. Man, we're a forest. What a joke. Speaking of black people, by the way. Lorraine and Rioni in both, I don't think she's black with the name like that. But anyway, Lorraine, out of poker, writes a letter to the editor in the Sun Sentinel this weekend that says, And the headlines says, Roger's right about OJ. I've never been a big fan of you. Roger's being a devout Howard Stern fan. But after reading the article where he voices his outrage at OJ Simpson participating in his favor, a charity, I say, Bravo. We need more people like Neil Rogers standing up to this murderer and voicing their opinion. What kind of people this Roger's work for when they can still call OJ a celebrity? I hope they're still able to sleep at night. No, everyone should not be the only outrage by this, but it all be supporting Neil Rogers against this disgusting display and poor exercise of judgment. Since Roy Foster, who is dubbed the former staff, what does it say? Staff of Roy Foster, who has dubbed the former thick necker, should be ashamed of himself. He obviously has lost a few brain cells along the way. How do you like that? Says Lorraine and Vioni in poker and led it to the editor in the Sun Sentinel this weekend. Now, because I thought this thing basically, maybe it was coming back down to earth. Now I get a fact this morning, which just came in only moments ago before we left at my 360 was all screwed up here. Thanks to people who ran here last night, poch, came around, Rimer. Even though he'll deny it. But nevertheless, here from the New York Post online edition, they're gossip section. This taken very poorly taken, by the way. See, I love the way papers around the country, what they do is they pick up stuff from the wire services from other newspapers like this is from that Sun Sentinel piece, the Josie Lambeat, head in his gossip column, last week. OJ Simpson has claimed another victim, this one in Florida Promotion's director Sam Ducebag, a Florida's QM radio has been suspended and definitely for bringing Simpson to the station's recent golf tournament. The four-laterdale Sun Sentinel reports OJ's apparent shock safety executives at the Logo Mark Country Club, especially part owner Greg Reed, who had to deal with a backlash. Hundreds of Floridaans have demonstrated against Simpson's house on there to make matters worse, Duca said the event raised $25,000 for AIDS, but only 2000 made it to the charity, said Reed. Some of the rest went to OJ related expenses were trying to sort out this mess. So, like I said, I'm Friday, there's the most embarrassing quote in the history of broadcasting by our leader, by our mangleers, and it makes it to the New York Post online, which is all over the world now. All over the world, humiliated and embarrassed and degraded. Because of the fact, again, at the area, there's nobody operating the joint here. We got everybody with their little empire, just like his river business. What kind of crap is that? That somebody comes in here, and somebody associated with that event is patching around with our stuff here. Unacceptable, Rimmer, find another place to put on a phone-e-belown show. And by the way, before I get to phone-e-belown, you're the hero, just another small nitpicking again. Yesterday's Miami Hero in the Sports section, Leaf Stop Senators. Of course, the final score was the Ottawa Senators for Toronto Maple Leaf Street, but the headline in the hero says, Leaf Stop Senators, on the other mistake, every day, in big and the headlines are getting bigger and bigger. Probably tomorrow's paper will say World War II breaks out on the front page. Although World War II did just about break out here over the weekend again, while I thank God wasn't here to see it to be embarrassed by it. Most Van Van is once again as community is held to ridicule an embarrassment and degradation all across the world. Because we have a bunch of banana boat people here who just don't understand what freedom is all about. Who don't understand democracy, who doesn't understand the just cutting the crap, cut the crap, and nobody in this town will make them cut the crap. I say today is that we deport all the old Cubans and send them back where they came from. What I say today. All those people were their protesting on Saturday over Los Van Van, which it's much into about nothing. There was like a smattering of people there. And of course, there was only a smattering because most of the people who did want to go to the ranch, were too intimidated to want to have rocks and bottles and eggs thrown at them and spit on, etc. So on. But guess what? They're coming back! What do you like it or not? What do you like it or not? They're coming back. One other thing I heard. I only heard parts of the morning show on the way to work this morning, but I didn't hear anybody giving any apologies to Danny Boy. I will not give it to you. Yeah, I think Jimmy and all those people that had their heads up Jimmy's ass last week. Oh Danny and apology. I will not give it to you. For that unbelievable, come back yesterday. You see how thick of these people are down here? I didn't hear one car or say, well, gee, we really owe overreacted. More you sure did to save our ass yesterday, like he's done a million times over the last 17 years. Did I hear one person say that? No. No. On grateful and on deserving, like I said, this town doesn't deserve damn arena. On grateful, unappreciative and you too, Jimmy. You know, they're Jimmy. He's an asshole. Dale Vergeonson. People who can give him some cheap clothes at the village. Hey, you're out. Hey, you can't help but the way you use my foot through different ends. So, both the point. The other good way is that with both of them, I'm just right. Get some dinner going. Once you try, you understand. I can tell the stir-up you've been. I've done that. I'm a big yag. Since I've run fast to go the other way. I've never been feeling a sight in the feet. Just on the planet and a guy. Oh, I know you're perfect. I'm a person and a guy. I'm an guy. I'll give a last name and some fun. I'm a person and a guy. I'm a person. Oh, I'm a guy. I'm an guy. I'm an guy. I'm a person. I'm a person. I'm a person. Oh, right. 10.15 to 5.15. I've seen you. Why do you have a question mark next to that lady in avinsure? That couldn't be who I think it probably is. Could it? Where the hell is it? Hello, lady in avinsure. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning, sir. Leo, I love your show. I have to say I'm 33. I adore your show. My boyfriend Craig started the on you and I can't stop listening to you. All right. Listen, it's really nice to have an educated person. Someone who knows who to read. Someone who speaks with mine. Who's that? Oh, I can't get to you. Yeah. I don't like just the entire. You know, we need to talk. We don't stop in a human speech psychic because I have the playboy magazine that I'm over issue in my hand right now. And, you know, the media because, naturally, they want to squash this guy like a big ant because they're terrified. They take a couple of things out of context and they make him try it. They try to make him look like a bozo. I guess what the entire interview is right on target. He basically says everything that I've ever said and thought in my life, whether we are one or two different, it's unbelievable. I agree. I wish you on FM. I wish you a more people with me. I think it's just makefully, you know, I'm stationed with this crappy, a crackling popping puking signal and what the AC that doesn't work in every day. And there's Reg Reads and the hallway like, oh yeah, look at this. The AC is out. Everything is out. The phone is out. The AC is out. We don't care. I got my check. I know, but you know, I don't have children. I was listening to your last week about the public school person. It's disgusting. Yeah. And when you go to Canada, I grant granted. They don't have a large black population. But the black people who are there, they speak perfect English just like we're speaking right now. What kind of a goddamn conspiracy is this that we've convinced black people at it's okay to be like, uh, functionally illiterate. So that we can keep them at the bottom of the barrel, flopping hamburgers and McDonalds. Yeah, but they're going to play ball. Come on. They're going to go to my page. And then they're going to get discounted to Dillard's team. I'm going to kill a Hasey for God. Sorry. I love you, show. And make a sweet heart. Thank you. I like that. A nice lady to start the week. By the fact that 600 degrees in here, we could fry some eggs on the counter. It's okay on the yetkins. Jesse Ventura, I'm going to tell you right now. It's a sad sad thing because he's so on the outside of the establishment that I'm afraid that they would never, never let him look it in there. The powers that really run this country, they would never, ever, ever. I didn't get in there. Because he's a threat to them. And he's a threat to these phones and immediate two. And he's a threat to all these religious speakers. He's a threat to everything that's wrong and corrupt and upside down in America today. Jesse Ventura, God, that's what I say. I would press that button, but I just want to show you the work. Seriously, I mean, this is a disaster. Thanks, remember. Go eat some goddamn frog meat and Montreal, you jack ass, you silly person you. If you haven't noticed by the way, people would silly mustaches. They tend to be like silly people. What is that all about like Ben Turpen? You remember him? Yeah, that's from 100 years ago. Charlie Chaplin, all time Canadians would like silly mustaches. Stop picking them up. Good friend. That's just, just make them look, I wasn't talking about him. Although now that you mentioned it, now that you mentioned it, there were seriously why is it that people that already look kind of like a little bit silly. They just exaggerated, you know? They look and he, or people with big noses, they put it like a big mustache. They grow under their nose, so like it is to accentuate it. I just don't understand what that's all about. Maybe the operative word is silly, they're, I don't know. Boy, it's hot in here, you know? It's steaming in here. Not that we're complaining, of course, because it is payday. Although it is a bank holiday that that slice and convenient. Maybe that's why Greg was wiping his forehead. I thought it was from the heat. He was just saying, boy, got off the hook on that. It's a bank holiday. We won't have none of those text deposit until tomorrow. After noon. I think I'll go into morning. I'll think I'll go into morning before it to a clock to make sure it gets on tomorrow's business. Just out of spite. Here's North Miami, hello. Yeah, you're just talking about that. That's actually got that was just listening to Howard about 10 to 10. All Howard was talking about your station. Great read the whole article. He's talking about the station stock of the country. Right. He's got that nice going Howard. Hey, rip you guys in ass. I mean you guys. Well, QAM, I exclude you. County out. I got nothing. You think in the mad dog. Yeah. I hope you listen to this. They said about fameduket. He's on leave. Howard goes, that means he's fired. We can only pray. I doubt it. And we still, in fact, I was going to my car last Thursday after work. And guess who I saw in a parking lot. And the first thing in my mind was Jesus, you're still here. Roll, roll. Yeah. He's still here. How do you like that? Okay. Thanks for that. I've got an expert at losing job at your place. You're right. Have a great thing. Thanks for the reports. We've been Howard because it was in the New York Post. We've made an all over the world. Nice going. Greg. Nice quote. Two by the way. Some of the extra money went to O.J. Related expenses. Oh, where do we find that little hole? Kick the, get the durable at Kevin's, Spacey left here. They have it. Get that out of there. Let's call it a little hole now. Think about him in the paper two today by the his whole Continental. So have it. Like somebody pushed our close personal friend, Schwo Griffin during that altercation in there. Cheat to happy about it. You don't want to be pushing the big young black Antio-Mama like her. She'll push right back on your big white ass. She'll must yell. That's right. She will. If you up baby. Big time. And by the way, kid curry is gone. I'm not actually going to take it. It's only took like 10 years off my life getting them. Thank you God. Kid curry. I told him I'd pray for him. And if anybody needs it, especially if they haven't been married to that fat ass Anna or squeak. What? What do you like about it? It's a true speaking of fat ass Cubans by the way. What are we going to do about this low-sand van crap? You know? The worst part of this whole article. And of course there's 400 articles about it. The show of police force angered demon Straders and their supporters. And here's that one of the biggest assholes in the history of this town Tomas regalato. He's an asshole. Look at what the National Media is going to see. He said, Titi Commissioner Tomas regalato. A.K.A. Big Jackass. Miami and all these police officers. Who's another black guy for Miami? Well, guess what Tomas? The reason it's a black guy for Miami again for the 10, maybe the time is because you and the people of your ilk refuse to get it. You just refuse to get it. When somebody comes to perform here, we don't care what their goddamn politics are. Or what country they came from. That's the way America works today. But not in the, you know, the old Cubans down here. Oh, come on east of, and what a nice display to have lovely behavior. Spitting at the people, throwing rocks and eggs and bottles so that they had to bring the goddamn riot police in there. That's what all of the world is focused on. That's how we make it in the headlines again. Because you people won't stop with your aberrant unacceptable goddamn totalitarian mentality. This is a goddamn rock group. That's all. They're singing. They're not saying it's not goddamn jombed by as even. These are people that sing music. They don't even have some anti-caster alerts and some of their songs. In addition to which their shfart is for Christ's sake. What the hell is wrong with you people? So they'd like us to 20 million times. They'd county forget it. It's history. It's written off. It's been run by a bunch of crazy people. You got me or a ping guy. You got Tomas Regalato. You got all these people who've been here a hundred years and they still refuse to get with a goddamn program. Maybe they can all alone put Rudy Giuliani, huh? Get on the same goddamn botanical. You're up with him. And find a place where they like to tell a theory in dictators. Sound inferior. You have Cuba's band concert. But guess what? Let me say it again. They'll be back. They'll be back in December they're saying that's right. Here's one of the 85 articles I got about it. They were more protestors there than there were people who came to the concert. And like I said, the reason for that being that the people of Wanda goes to you to guide them. Count it. A who got only knows how many thousands of them were scared away and rightfully so. Because they didn't want to be subjected to this barbaric god damn crazy treatment. The promoter said, 2800 paid to see the band. They had about 4,000 people in there with freebies and everything. And they estimated there was more than 4,000 crazy protestors outside. Spitting and throwing in the swearing and carrying on like a bunch of lunatic. Oh, boy. Something new, huh? Something new? Same old crap. Same old tired crap that this town has been held hostage and cashed by for the last 6,000 years now. God damn, casher. I got news for. If anybody hates casher with the rest of us, not those old Cubans, it's all a rest of us. We can thank him for foisting this nightmare on his town. Thanks a lot for the health. So what I'd say about people with strange bearded and mustache is you bearded piece of turd. You asshole. You turd. I was going mad dog. By the way, I gotta say this. Bill's in for because we're coming back from the airport yesterday. So the last two minutes on TV. I was going there, Danny Boy. But Bill's in for called a great game yesterday. One point you didn't forget to tell us where Indianapolis had to boil when he had to. We were going to be before they took the safety. But he, uh, great game. It's about time. Now he called a great game. He was all that crowd noise. We couldn't hear him. But it was, uh, civilating. What a day. Here's a mobile in Miami, be you, Chilla. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I don't know much about the band in the politics and all, but there was one lady on TV that said, this band is the same as the KKK, and there's a black neighborhood. Oh, yeah, right. Right. I mean, I don't know. So it's that true. Well, again, I don't know what they say. I don't go and find out. Okay, go listen to their music and find out. Don't be called up opening up a mouth. If that's true, I have our take care of that day. And if it's not true, why don't I don't know. Let's translate what he just said. Yeah, there you go. You've got a nice and short. Okay. It's too hot in here today to be listening to bozos like you talking crap. I don't know this. And if you open it up a mouth for go learn something you dumb American. You silly person you. Another goddamn dumb freaking American there for you. I don't know, but if that's true, yeah, there's little green men running around on there. We don't really like that. That probably makes them commonists or martians or something like that. Or venusians. I don't know if it's true. Yeah. God, are you dumb, sir? And that's a compliment. That's an understatement. If you're sprouted a half a brain that would commit suicide from loneliness. Here's a mobile an abensure. Hello. Mobile an abensure. You give me a big hello? Yes, sir. No, I had chronic. It's chronic. They're playing with each other over there. And abensure. All those little tubans again. We're not interested in you guys. Okay. Go find somebody else to play with. Go get out some goddamn ticker toys. Go get some blocks. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four-loader nail. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Hey Neil, come down. But even though there's no freedom of speech in South Florida with these Cubans, at least we have Iliana Ross, Linden, O.J.D. as the Lord, defending the Constitution. And we're where they the other night saying about these riots and about these concerts. Why did they not come and speak up and defend the Constitution and say that we have freedom of speech? Why don't we have a... Why don't we have a... Why don't we have a freedom of speech? I don't know what the hell is that. It's a little polite and I don't even know how to say their names. They're always hiding the woodwork when something like this happens. Yeah. I mean they're not saying they're not saying they're... They're... They're picking up on the beach picking up people watching it off the shore making sure they get here. You know, music is a good thing. You know, music has nothing to do with politics when these people come and play. But there's no freedom of speech in South Florida. I was born and raised in Miami and I am sorry to say that there's no freedom of speech. Well, I'm going to go home and pray for us as soon as two o'clock rolls around. Thank you, sir. God bless you. 560560, 560 on the AT&T line. Like I said, everybody here were used to it. It's getting really... Monotonous, it's terminal. It's pondriced to burracing its humiliating. That's our pull question, by the way. Which is more humiliating. The thing with O.J.D. Our golf tournament or the Los Van Van episode in the town over the weekend. Pretty close. I would say. In fact, Kerry Wood, the pitcher for the cup, they found that he's got a little dime-sized hole in his heart. Well, we're going to be having him on to the bait Greg Reed at noon, which is worse a hole in your heart or a hole in your head. Will you fudge back at this fall on CBS? Meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father Ture at the Mystery. Clearly beloved. They're a dog over here today. The joins together. There's two sounds. It's just a minute of the second motor. In hole in that for a moment. Father Ture at Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago, Holflitz and NYPD Blue Ball. Oh, my, oh, you're just going to throw that longer. You have to buster here. Sunday, this fall. Ben and hour with Father Ture at right after an all-new season of. Touched down there by an angel. Only on CBS. I've found it by a three 1032 at 560 WCM. So anyway, Friday in the US today. Here is their debate on the editorial page about public financing and sports stadiums. Now, this jackass judge, this county judge from Houston has got the opposing view. Because Houston, of course. Yeah, got their stadium pass and got their day men and a film team back. But nevertheless, the US today view, the editorial says. LA wisely said. No. To forking over public funds, two few do. And of course, there was this pull in the Sun Sentinel yesterday. Tax for stadium has few fans. How do you like that? Anybody see this thing? Few fans. I must be crazy. I must be not. What an understanding of that is. If a stadium were built and groward, would you vote for or against the $300 million bond issue supported by county property tax dollars to help pay for this new baseball stadium? 81% say they would vote. No. 13 yes and 6% just don't know. To help pay for a new baseball stadium in Broward, would you vote for or against the proposal? That would raise the tax on hotel rooms and rental cars in Broward County. 32% said yes and 62% said no and 6% said they don't know. How do you like that? Overwhelmingly, they're saying no. I must be crazy. I must be not. He must be Mr. He must be playing Tiddly Wins with yourself. When a plan was floated last May the use tens of millions in public funds to help when back in NFL team for Los Angeles, LA County supervisor Xavier is Loskee objected with two and a half million uninsured children and adults in this county with 75 children in foster care with sidewalks that can't be repaired by the city. Give me a break. You said in the city did. It rejected the blindishments of millionaires to spend $300 million building a publicly finance sports palace and that's a key reason and I fell owners on when they went to the city. The second largest TV market in the nation and set credit of new franchise to Houston. When it comes to standing up against such pricey pressure, Los Angeles is traveling a lonely road. Just three years ago, Houston lost the oil is tonight. Still by refusing to rush out hundreds of millions for new stadium in an expensive change of heart to city will now cough up $195 million in public financing for $310 million facility plus millions more for land and road improvements. In doing so, Houston follows the same path Cleveland after lost the brown. It's in the same league as Boston which finally rolled over for 10 million to keep the patriots from moving the heart for Connecticut. Similar dramas have been played out in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia and Detroit and almost every other community with a sports team. Sports leagues profit mightily such arrangements have justified charging new owners a gigante to in franchise cost $700 million in the case of Houston 530 million for the privilege of owning an NFL team. But communities taxpayers in fan gets stuck with bigger fees, ticket prices at new stadiums generally won 30 to 40 percent higher than old venues. And independent economic studies show the teams that almost nothing to employ it or the economy of a region. Or read that sentence again, Neil. Okay. And independent economic studies show that teams that almost nothing to employ it or the economy of a region, they just shift spending from other types of entertainment. Not surprisingly cities that find luxury stadium construction that's funded often lack funding for other civic improvements and to whom do they go to fill those needs? Uncle Sam. The federal government could end this expensive cycle by restricting aid the cities that spend beyond their means on stadiums if it did the sports morals ability to play one city against another, rating public treasuries and alienating fans would slow dramatically as with the movement of teams. But until Congress gets into the act that it shows no inclination to do so, taxpayers nationwide will be forced to help fund communities that sacrifice citizens needs to own or demand. Give us a break, says the goddamn USA today. I must be very good. That's what they said. It was a fricking break and cut the crap. And then I see these poor results in the Sun Sentinel yesterday and I thought, oh, right. These people are in a stupidestome, they're in their stick they are. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Long gone. Okay. Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. I think you and Jessica Bodies should run for president by the way. Okay. Great. Here's the Delray Beach. Hello. If you can't remember why you don't get not only any calls from Fort Myers, I'm calling from Delray and I have to dial the five six whatever the area code is. Yeah. You're Howard. Right. I'm thinking, oh boy, that's not too cheap. They're Greg. Anyways, I'm going on a town, a sparrow and boy am I going to miss South Florida. Yeah. You know, I just like I did this weekend. Exactly. I was planning for it. Yeah. I'm not calling to ask for advice. I'm going to Philadelphia by the way. So, you know, I know you don't go there or whatever. I mean, don't blame the other. You know. Okay. Thanks. We'll have a good time. Whoo. You're going to miss you, aren't we? No. Pa. I think River put that call up. I'm going to the bus. I have my nose up, Neil's ass. What can graduation? Get a live. I'm not going to worry. You're looking good. Looking good. I'm not going to worry. But I think I have a mortgage for our parents. I get 25% interest they've made. What a little bit. What a little bit. Your score. Thank you, Mummy. Storm. In just a couple of months we're moving in. I'm a naked women. Fill in our pool with Jim. Sandman. Baby, I love chocolate. I'm living with you to chocolate. I love chocolate. Just come over and let's get things. All I've done house my good things are packed. But I'm going to wrap my water, magnet's packed. Well, these things are too dark. I've had it in North of 95. I keep smiling and I know why. I can't wait to ride the coaster and ride. I love chocolate. I live with Jim to come over the 10 times this. I have 43 or 560 WC. I've got Hank and Tula State to a clock. Hank would net more at the final section. I still don't hear anybody saying, Oh gee, we're sorry. We don't need a apology. Anybody hear that? Jim, he's full of crap. Any hear anybody say that? No. We've got the book, Sean. Be ready to be on one of the baseballs over here at any rate. 6-845 Monday, 9-football Jacksonville at the Jet Tonight. So that's the agenda for the rest of the day. Here's Pompano. Hello. What do you mean? Yes, sir. Well, you seem to know which weekend's to leave. I mean, I don't know where the crazy cube is at. It's Miami again. But now I'm Friday after the Friday early evening. Yes. I'm going over to the side of I-95 and jam it up traffic by the airport so they can catch a glimpse of the Concord landing. Oh, no. And it turns out the Concord was late. Yeah. They were sitting there for nothing and I guess it arrived. They were pulling off the road out of the shoulders so they could see. I mean, I mean, when the Concord used to fly in and out of here all the time, I used to work way down in South Dades. Many, many moons ago, I used to see it coming all the time. And I'd be driving on the road. And I didn't pull off the road. And I was, you know, interesting to see in this beautiful plane. But crazy people. Yeah. Apparently, I don't know if you can follow this door to take into group of people. I don't know around the world. Right. And seven hours late with the people didn't know it so they were just pulled off the side of the road. You're traffic for nothing. Excellent. Yeah. People are driving down from Del Rey to see it. And I'm going to drive it down from Del Rey to see the Concord. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. I don't know if you had a chance to look at yesterday's paper. We're ready. We're going to open up a mouth again saying that the fact that they decided to retire because Jersey on a Sunday night game, rather than a Monday night game, was racially motivated. No, you have to be kidding. I saw some of that ceremony. I wanted to borrow. I wanted to borrow. I wanted to puke. It was green bay fans. There wasn't anybody with one sign. No protest. No. No protest. There's a red bay. You're right. I just unbelievable. Yeah. The article on the paper yesterday. I'm going to start again. I'll shoot it over to you. Where you can see that. The way you've got to do it is to get a lot of things to give you a little bit of a lot of a lot of the time when you're going to do it. There's a lot of stuff to do. There's a lot of stuff to do. There's a lot of stuff to do. But as soon as I saw the ceremony coming out of the foot do with the baseball game, which is more of a football score than the green bay. My sign. I don't know if you caught Michael Mayo's article today. But again, a pretty decent one comment that he made. and tell her has you that's his problem. Okay thank you so much. God bless you. We'll all pray for you and read you two. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's some rise. Hello. Newman. What's up? Yes sir. Okay that was it. Oh well we got some good ones today. No. That was his material. What's up? 600 open lines here this morning. 560, pound 560 on the 80s. Here's what's pombi. Hello. Last time I saw you weren't in there. Yeah. Anyways talking about religion. A flipping around the porch as they also. And the Dallas game when. Urban job hurt. Yeah. Did you hear or see anything about the on Sanders? Well, an A whole man. First of all they have a whole team around. Urban. Yeah. They're all praying right. I mean if there was a God. Why did he get hurt in the first place? Right. In section of all men. They also got why would he dress like that anyway. Anyways then they all get up and then beyond musta did a dozen circles around with his arms up and down and up and down. Like beyond just. You know, he was trying to imitate the Concord. You know you should have seen it. Well I'm glad I did it. And I'm delighted I didn't see it. You said you had been closing the 13 people that said just to the stadium. They're probably going to be living by the stadium. So the people could park in there. Okay, have a great day. 5.670. 5.660. Pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Mobile and four Latterdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. Man going. Call me back on a phone that works. Okay. Wow. This is a tremendous start here today. This is unbelievable. 5.670. 5.660. Pound five 60 on the AT&T while it's line. Anybody got a phone that works and actually has something to say. And it's got an IQ larger than a BB. We sure are interested in hearing from you. But I have my doubts. Unbelievable. And like I said last Monday at the same time. There was a Tuesday because it was a Monday night. They're wailing. They're carrying on. They're national team. They're having a nervous breakdown. And now today this time these people don't even have enough class to say we were wrong. We all in a apology to Danny Boy Jimmy Johnson's a hard ass and looking for escape coats all the time and refuses to look at the mirror and take any none of that on this radio station. Oh look what we did. Look what we did. Yeah. Fony, phony, man. Airsots. That's why this station fits in his town like a rubber glove. Airsots. Make believe. Greg Reed, the judge, symptom of radio management. Here's a mobile and Fort Latterdale. Hello. Mobile and Fort Latterdale. Yes sir. Hey, now. And back that it's easy to get in touch with you today. I can't believe it. No problem. No way to. Hey. All the bill for itself. Where they at? He's going for. I just want to know. How come I don't hear from these guys anymore? I mean, is it going on? Is it going on? Is it going on? Is it going on? No, he's not. What is he? Didn't they beat Denver last week? I'm sorry. Okay. Thank you. This isn't even a sports show. I got the more information in these experts. We got out there. Like I said. 560560. This isn't the sports show sir. The Dan Moreno thing really isn't just a sports thing. It's a community thing. It's about people lacking in class, understanding, appreciation, honesty, integrity, any kind of character whatsoever. He's the one. He's over the hill. He's in mobile. In fact, even the mad dog yesterday, I hate to charge size my good close friend Jim Mandage. But we're coming back from the airport. Listen to the broadcast and at that time it looked pretty pretty grim. Every time they would close the gap in theapolis of a score and about four seconds again and pull over. And Mandage is saying, well, you know where to come after, you know, the in mobile quarterback of the dolphins. The in the. I thought, you, that sounds like a shot to me. Sounds like a little bit of a shot there, you know. Didn't hear him say that again or later on on the game. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I just wanted to ask you something. One of the best settles with this rain out lowening and the dolphins and all. Here. What is this? Well, we're going to have much of a season after all. This is a set of done. Who's we? I'm in the dolphins. I mean, with all of this tension, we're all the traffic goes on between Marino and Johnson and the things we don't know behind the scenes. Is there any chance that this can actually turn into a positive season? And what what difference does that make to you, sir, with your enthusiasm? What difference is it going to change your life? I've been in this town for 35 years now. Yeah. And I'm going to dolphin fan a long long long time. Yeah, so why do you sound so negative? They just pulled out again that it didn't look like there was any chance that we're going to why you also got them negative any place else they'd be kissing the ground. I just go at that. You know, unbelievable. Come back. How many goddamn times did it come back from being down nine inches in the last 10 minutes? It was unbelievable. Oh, the minute you're so freaking negative man. No wonder I just hate. I just spies getting off that plane because it's just like the heat that's in this room now. That's what I feel. I feel like I'm wilting. Not just in the heat in the humidity, but from people like this guy with his chronic hysterical neurotic negativity. Well, it's the really hook. Like, you know, you're hoping the best that's all you can do pal. It's a game. You're hoping the best. Been here for 35 years, god damn it. Well, you know something learned to put up with it. Maybe they'll win. Maybe they'll lose. Life will go on. Hopefully you'll find one. Okay. We'll get a search party for your pal. This is fantastic today. This reinforces every just like the just event you're on interview and playboy, which I will read. In its entirety, by the way, it's the best guy that interview in history. And you people in the media try to take things out of context to try to discredit this man. Just like he says, the media is dangerous. Dangerous. That's what he says. And he's right. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Just to see if you noticed, if you've seen that demonstration against the bandman yesterday, the city of Miami police really reflected how they really work. They were holding upside down. They're police shields. And the police sign was upside down. Like, poinium, had it upside down. Yeah. It's incredible. They can't even hold the. What they have to do with a bunch of assholes running out there, spitting it. People enter on box and bottles in the wait and tax pair money. What does that have to do with the police? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but my ass, okay, but there's. Not the police because you got we have to waste their time and effort and our taxpayer dollars to have the guy damn ride police come out. Because we got a band performing in town that a bunch of crazy old cubins and radio stations and politicians don't like. The court mayor, carolio. Oh, this is the Castro's house band. His house band. You're a crazy person, Mayor, carolio. You need serious help. You need to be put in the goddamn rubber room. No wonder Xavier Swar has went nuts. I think it goes with the territory. Just put him in a rubber room. Put Bertrand and his in there too, along with his wife and his ex lawyer. And ex wife or whatever, just ex. Just took a hidden microphone and that room. This can smell. It's just kind of how Dave the cop this guy is so freaking chronic. Why did you go out and save somebody? Uh, because I'm off today. Listen to your little ass. Mark that car. You don't know what the hell he's talking about. These heels are made for right hand. That people you stick your, you don't stick your right hand into it. If you, if you, if you show it the other hand, Why would you dignify him by your side? He's a, he's a jerk. He's a jackass. He's trying to put a smoke screen up to cover up the embarrassment for his goddamn people. That's what he's trying to do. He's like the rest of the ass. He'll do it. And then better to do this. Try to kiss on the goddamn constitution. And it's country. Right. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Okay. Cardinals. Cardinals still playing. Oh, but Mark McGuire's going to hit a few more anyway. Few more babies. Ha ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, five, sixy, got it. So hot in here, man. It's just, it's perfect. It's fits in with the ambiance of the tip. Happy Columbus Day by the way, everybody. Oh. I don't understand this holiday. The banks are closed. What else is closed today? The banks are only closed to protect this company. That's also, we can't catch our text today. Schools open today. Government offices open today. But they got their banks are closed. Stockmark is running today. Kind of a guy named Halvitz. What kind of respect is this for a nice Jewish boy named Christopher Columbus? Without whose efforts we might just not be here. Here's a mobile and store. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Your next appearance. Are you going to have the events of Neil of previous show? Yes. We all know that this CDDB came out today. It's my understanding that it's not that clear. Yeah. And we're redoing it. Yes. It'll be ready by the time. We'll be from tomorrow to be ready. What about the best off from other shows? That's what I just said. Yes. Yes. Okay. Great. Thanks to the appeal of 680 and a week from about tomorrow night. Thanks for the great day. Thank you. Have a great day, sir. And back to you. Okay. 560. Nobody in the song needs got anything to say today. Just nonstop. Move. Move. Like that. Boy. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. I'm not a dolphin fan. I'm a guy I heard better fan. Yes. But I'm glad they won yesterday. So we don't have to listen to Jimmy complaining. Why him somebody? Don't you think that I mean, you know, you can be a little bit objective. Just like me. I like the Patriots who suck by the way. It probably will get killed by the offensive. But you can be a little bit objective when you're not a fan of this team. And you see the behavior. Don't you think that somebody owes a retraction or an apology or at least some kind of credit this week? Well, all these people that were, you know, right at a put Dan Marina and the old folks home? Yes. I don't believe Dan's the future of the dolphin. So that wasn't the question. He was the future yesterday. And we're only through his experience and his coolness under pressure that they were able to come back and win a very important game. And nobody in the salt insecure in this guy wants to say it. I don't even care that much about it. And yet to me, it's so typical of the lack of gratitude in the lack of class. The question isn't is he the future. He's 38 freaking years old. Of course he's not the future's there. Jesus Christ. Give somebody a little credit for something in his guy's hand pound. Can you do it? No. Oh, I'm sorry. God. Just say something nice. Just want to see what it's like. Come on. No. That's sure. No, it's not. Teach a Tamil or insure. That's what Donnie B always says when I look. Oh, same old crappy or insure. I got one or insure that I wore about one to me two weeks. And that's his comment. Mr. Sarposed. Donnie B is in boring. Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Foreign Science. Oh, you. John, Rainbow Steel in life. I want to make movies for him. My life ain't going great plan. Hollywood's broke. I was fortunate to leave. I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis in it never ever bruised. Rainbow 2 was in 85. Rainbow 3 was in 88. Shrew it. And it's always my gun. I did not make this movie with my son. It never saved. He was in Rocky 5 in daylight in tunnel movie. A little big cashew. What I mean. I got to get a loaf on the pile of creed. I got to have another movie. Or a Broadway show like Donnie. I get to buy the others for a cop. And I was stupid. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cater. All I got left is the play. I need to make Rainbow Foreign Science. Check it out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it. I like comedy. Action. And Vegea. And drama. The deal with the guy will undergo some sex with a lumbar. So give me it right for goodness sake. I used to be an opera. Now I can't get a Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man chillin' poke. I'm basically on the run and point. I'm going to get a loaf on the pile of creed. I got to have another movie. Or Broadway show like Donnie. I get to know what I ever thought about playing with it. And I was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to cater. All I got left is the play. That's why I needed it. I need to make Rainbow Foreign. That's all I need. Absolutely. It's a little about two or five, six, and WQM. But by this week, bad news. This week somewhere in the world, these six billion-thuman being will be born. Oh! Big article in US News and World Report this week, October 11, issue. Global population, six billion in counting, Little Morgan Lutha arrives unwanted. And here's a picture of a Schwarz-R-Family in Africa. In Nairobi, King in the less. It says Morgan Lutha's parents wanted vice-unbirth control, but they'll probably have a few more kids. Because they don't have any advice on birth control. Here is a hell of a walking ad for anal sex, like a lot of you people are always screaming about. Little Morgan Lutha came into the world two months ago, delivered on the dirt floor of a tin shack, and a scab-wrest and Nairobi, King, Yuslum. That's a love that words scab-wrest. Ooh. The fourth child of Rose 28 in Benson 32 arrived balling that's with the WN Healthy. Maybe if they wouldn't have been balling so much, it wouldn't have been so many babies in the house. But with little likelihood of receiving medical care and nourishing food, the incident has a one-and-tenth chance of dying before his fifth birthday. The Lutha's know little about birth control, making more unwanted pregnancies, virtually inevitable, a prospect of a couple of dreads, says Rose as he breast-credes her son. This one was a mistake. Let me say it again. This one was a mistake. The birth of another infant to another impoverished family in another African shanty is unremarkable but for a singular coincidence. The world's population recently hit six billion. Oh, we're already there, I didn't realize that. And who's to say that little Morgan Lutha isn't the one? Do you end population fun as dead? Oh, I see, that's the reason. It designated October 12 as the day of six billion to commemorate, but not celebrate a milestone, reached with astonishing speed. The Magrafore say it took until 1804 to arrive at one billion people. Another 123 years, 1927 to double, the global community grew to three billion in 1960, and that number has doubled in just four decades. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. With overpopulation and developing nations inextricably linked to poverty, the UN population fund is using Y6B to be focused world attention on the role of family planning and helping bringing down birth rates in third world countries, where a billion people still struggle without clean water, adequate food, decent housing, basic education, full employment and healthcare. India is growing like crazy. They got 1.27 million. They're getting ready to pass the Chinese. These subs to her in Africa, they've got a population of 770 million. The birth rates are increasing by three point eight percent each year there. Now, we don't want birth control. We don't want to have parents. We don't want education and the purpose, smiling from ear to breakdown, rear. Just keep making those babies, especially Catholic babies, but if not, we'll come and traverse them anyway. 6 billion people, baby. 6 billion freaking people. And we can't figure out what's wrong. Something's going on here. That's not too good. We can't figure that. But God will take care of it. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Happy Monday, sir. And happy Columbus Day. Oh, thank you. I'm calling Miss Myfield news, but I haven't heard anybody mention it. I caught just the body last week on Hardball on MSNBC. Uh-huh. If I think it's Chris Matthews. Right. Anyway, I don't read the Playboy article, and I don't know if he spoke about it in here, but it came out from that interview that Mr. Ventura fully supports the Second Amendment to the Constitution. It's positioning that why should I, a law-abiding citizen of downline, be penalized for somebody else's criminal behavior? Yeah, it's just in the interview. I just agree with what I'm talking about. But it's in there. Yeah. Well, yeah. And then Matthews just kind of let it go. He said, well, you know, what about these malicious of my 10 or wherever, and he goes, well, you know, as long as they don't harm anybody, your words exactly. I don't care what they do with their spare time. So anyway, I guess he seems like a reasonable guy. He has a military man, so his views on guns and that type of thing, I think, are a little different in yours. Mm-hmm. But anyway, I found him interesting. He's got my vote up to that right now. I'm writing them in. Yeah. Yeah, he's just, he's a sensible guy. Okay. Thank you. And by the way, made a total jackass, which isn't hard to do, how the George Will on ABC this week yesterday morning, made a total jackass out of the humorless right wing of not just stuffy piece of turd George Will, who wanted to make a big issue, a big morality issue out of this quote, which is right at the end of the interview, by the way, as a joke. If there's such a thing as we are reincarnating, Rien Karnish, you want to come back as a size 38 W.D. bra, and George Will is to end it in just even turd, and look at him with a look that would kill. Could have picked him up by the neck with two fingers. And said, why have we totally lost our sense of humor now, George? Are we really that humorless? And George Will, you could see him just kind of like slipping back down into the chair. Looking for a place to hide. And then George Will challenges him on his attitude about the Warren Commission, what a hoax that is, about the kind of the assassination. And just he then turd said, well, if we'll just this one loan nut, Lee Harvey Oswald, then why was all of this material withheld and sealed until he or 2000, 29? And George Will looks at him, but that sheep is little a look. It's just got me. Got me. Made a total jackass destroyed him without even getting up out of the goddamn chair yesterday. I was going just in that little piece of crap, George Will. Eight minutes after that, Blanton. It's just small rings. See I forgot when we used the fan earlier, the AC was working at least, but it just wasn't working. But now it's like a total of not that we're complaining you understand. No. Jim Mandage talks sports, we can write these on sports radio five six. Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you serious? So we got the air conditioner is out. We got the in-house phone is out in here. We got the DCS which is screwed up by the one of my two members. And now I come to fight because I'm sitting here watching this phone this morning and I'm thinking of myself. Line forward seven are screwed up again just like where we left off. Line sweet. I think I'm not the guy. Oh no, seven works. Seven. Well, I don't know. I like I said it sounds like it works, but it doesn't. Sorry. Falsalarm. Oh my god. This is, is there anything that works beside the paid help in this, do I? No. And even some of them aren't doing much. Well, don't feel bad none of the in-house phones anywhere on this floor work apparently. Except the well in that office. Except in Chris Reed's office. Chris Reed and Miguel's office, right? What are you laughing about? That's how everybody is referring it. You don't think, uh, you're coming back to you. Here's a bell-video, Illinois, hello. Hello. I just like to say why the heck is a media, this in Marino, you know, when he's been great for so many years. That's ridiculous. They wrote them off. He had two bad games. I mean, he's the greatest quarterback. I don't know. So much the media that was this. And it was his coach. Oh, that's doing. Well, it's a really great thing. Johnson. Yeah. I agree. I think we're, or Jimmy Johnson, those marino, some type of powers. Right. That's right. That is ridiculous. If he had any class at all, I mean, don't have to apologize, but he could come out and say, you know, Danny really showed that he has a lost that and he, without him, we never would have been in the game. And it's set of us up. But see, in doing that, it would point to all of his own deficiencies again, if not having to run a game and not doing the things that he's always, you know, promised that he was going to do here in four years hasn't done. He just doesn't have the class to do it. He's a classless, hard-ass piece of turd, Jimmy Jelberg Johnson. Yeah. And you don't take your team from behind 35 times in the fourth quarter to be, you know, what he was saying he was. Exactly. Well, God bless you, sir. Even though you're con for me, Illinois, thank God we saw we got somebody somewhere in America who's got the class to say, thank you, Danny Boyke. You're not so bad after all. Also, we got it. So this phone has screwed up too. So I'm sitting here like, we're like, somebody brings some paper machines, gots tape. This is unbelievable. This is the all-time worse. Just when you think you're taking a little bit of an end, by the way, I don't want to ask, it's start trouble here. But there's AC problem. I don't want to say that our contractor that we have a little problem here. You know, maybe we should have called our good friends there around the clock for just 1995 and had him come and do that check-up. Because we certainly seem to have some unbelievably extraordinary problems with everything this construction project is of these contractors. The ones who are working very slowly because they're working as fashioners, they're going to pay everything to do with the AC. All who does. This is the old existing system that was always up there. Well, who does? I don't know. Because it's now 11, 16 in the morning Eastern. Let's find out you'll talk about them. They were called this morning. Yeah, moreover they're how are they? What do they do? Stop to go bowling on the way? You ever see that spot by the way? You ever saw that commercial? I think it's for a TV repair. And the kids are seeing their weight in the sea to ball game and there's nothing but snow. There's two young guys sitting there waiting for the TV repairman. And after you where they are, they're like having a blast somewhere. And the one looks, ah, you want to go bowling? Sure, no problem. They got in the plumbing like it whatever time it was. But they're taking us we time. Really shritten over here. Okay, not that it's an emergency. You understand it's only South Florida or it's 140 in the shade 99% of the year. And you're inside a studio that you can't open a window. Oh, no, we can't open a window. We can't do anything because we're in close. We're captive audience in here. Of course, when you're in Florida, you do want to open a window. No, here's a mobile and meramar, hello. Nio. These get a little finesse to breathe. Yes, sir. Did you happen to get the Panther game Saturday? No, I did not. I read a word. I saw a highlight. Did you see the highlight where we finally went ahead late in the third period. Only to have a disallowed because of a. If I press well, I stupid peddle. Yes, I did see that, sir. Chris Wells. Yeah. What is the story? Murray Boyz on the team's going to be the same year. Yeah. How about we send Chris Wells and need him to my up to Carolina? Okay, have a great day, sir. Sour, sour, they were down to nothing that came back. Great come from behind tie. Ray, Whitney, square the title. Nice Ray. Nice Ray, boy. Nice boy, Ray. And, you know, like I said, sour and hostile and negative. Nii. Nii. Nii. Against the Detroit Redweights, the less. I think they'll take the point very happily, by the way. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Winers, complainers, misfits, but animal people. Here's some rise, hello. Hi, Neil. Rizzle old for us, yes, sir. I got a little different take on the marino thing. Yes. And I don't think Danny is, you know, the smartest tack in the shackle at the time. And, you know, Jimmy Johnson do. You see, a angry marino was yesterday. He wouldn't talk to Johnson on the sideline. He was screaming at all the plays and he comes out and throws her for her. You're not going to tell me that Johnson inspired him to do something. I don't know. So, that's got to be the most ridiculous thing. Any better than anybody that's got to determine. I think he plays with. I don't think any of you, whatever he watched Danny, which I doubt. But if you ever watched him before, he always has that same fury in his, during the game. But he had it, but the other play is weren't responding. And yesterday they did. He was screaming at him all. And they responded. I mean, that's what I'm saying. No, we don't always had that dry. And I guess they were the ones that threw the ball too, right? And no, no, no, but the thing is. Yes, yes. Okay. No, John, if you got him lying there, you don't want to give him any credit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. If you don't want to give him the credit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You want to say that Jimmy Johnson, Jimmy Johnson, Jimmy Johnson, you know, no, no, no, no, no. I don't think much of Jimmy Johnson either. Right. But he had to go to shot. Yeah. You have this with logic, team and you're, you're, you're, you're blocking, you're, you're the guy credit. Okay, he came through when when the thing was the season was on the line. He came through big. He played phenomenally well. He's the one that said the gags and, you know, he's the one that set up the, the long bomb that put him in position as court of winning touchdown. And it's got, you know, you just don't want to do it. God, you talk about a town that won't give anything. Kisses ass. Just a little peck on a cheek. Come on. Will you do it? Oh, God. Just a little tiny kiss. And this guy won't do it. Just a little bit of something. Give us a little apology. Give us a little bit of credit. I will not give it to God, dammit. I don't understand why he stayed here all these years. He could have written his own ticket anywhere he wanted to go. I don't understand why he stayed here. I'd say 90% of the teams in the league would kiss his feet. Would kiss every part of his body, including his records, just to have him there. And he's just, I'm just using him as an example. It's a truth of anything. It was done. Anything good. Just knock and rip and tear and tear down. Here's a lady, mobile and west and hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah, I just, you know, I've been listening to your show on morning like I usually do. And I want to thank you for at least throwing a couple of compliments at the Amoreen. Because if anybody deserves it, it's him. First of all, you have to pay. He has a chance today in a fourth quarter, especially with extraordinary. Well, listen to this. Yes, man. A radio show. Kim Bo-campers says, well, Jim, Arino has the confidence, but I don't think he has the ability anymore. One half hole. You know, who does he think he is? Kim Bo-Bo-campers said that. Yeah. He said it on a radio show yesterday. And I'm going to tell you something. Every time the dolphins win a big game, it's because of Dan Arino. It's not because of Jimmy Johnson's running game. Right. And I was never talking about his defeat. I'll go flat. There were a lot of points for yesterday on that deep. Right. Well, he has been criticized in the deep. Every time he was really involved. He went down the field, like nobody on the, the results. He really quit the criticized. Dan Arino will criticize your deepens. You basically scored 31 points on the media. Right. He's not always been criticized in that. Because that's his brain child. Yeah. Well, you know what? Obviously he has no brain. Okay. Because Dan Arino is a hall of favor. And we should kiss his act. Right. Amen. Okay. Sweet. I got bless you. I'll be right behind you. I got, well, I'm a kiss. A kiss. I said. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, leave it to a woman. All these macho guys. They don't want to give them any credit. Because they're pretended to be sports. They don't want to squat. They don't know squat. And I, and I did read by the way. Speaking of the Panther tag against Detroit's there. They are redwood great. I was happy to see they had over 18,000 there. I was very unhappy to see. As usual, when the redwood scored their two goals. There was a big ovation from all these so-called redwing fans there. So I have to assume that there were thousands of redwing fans. Or people pretending to be redwing fans in attendance, which is why they went over 18,000. And I was also this made to see that Brian Murray again. Just can't accept it the way it is. Can you be in? Blame in the media. Didn't mention a name for our negative coverage. In addition, you ought to kiss the ground for some of us in a media, including yours, Julie, who are trying to literally put some goddamn seats and asses in O.C. to the macarina. So many guys in this town just can't look in the mirror and see their own damn faults. You put a crap product out there. A lot of people are going to say, oh no thank you. And you soak people for crap food. And you give them a not very enjoyable experience. And they're going to say, oh, I'll pass. El Paso. Or I'll come back less. Let's pre-quenely. So now the story comes through about these two novel. And is there anything in this place that works the way it's supposed to do today? No. No. No. And just like the other joint, it's always after the weekend that gets the worst. The weekend comes. There's a whole bunch of people running around here. God only goes what? I mean why would anybody? Why would anybody? A pot ski to ride with my 360 over here with my little assown. A little scored scored on machine. And of course there'll be the niles. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. It all happens by our spouses. It must be the equipment ferries that come in here on Sunday nights and posk you around with all the stuff. Or some other ferries. Here's my any, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Buenos dias. I was listening to your comments about the stadium funding. Yes. And I was so glad to hear somebody talk about the fact that these stadiums don't bring money to a community. They just just money around. Right. I just moved here, moved back here from a Boulder Colorado and I didn't outdoor a vending card business. And every time there was a university of Colorado football game or a Broncos game, my sales would drop by 50% So it's a myth that this money pours in. Your, your losing sell a money so some millionaire can get it. Exactly. So these big corporations like fine hosts can sell hot dogs of $4 and coax for $5. Right. You know, that's all that happened. And not even good ones either brought down here. Absolutely. Another comment, you know, I spent the last seven years in the Denver area. And John L. way was treated like a god there. Even in his later years, no matter what he'd have a bad game, you know, that horrible game against Jack and go in the loss in the playoff. Right. Everybody still said, hey, L. way is the man and look what he did. He came back and went too super both for him. People in Miami. Hey, so stock. Hey, suck. The people here sucked. I like I said last week and I'll say it again, especially after yesterday's performance. This now doesn't deserve ban marino. It doesn't deserve pop out brewery or Ray Witte. It doesn't deserve much of anything because they don't appreciate it anyway. Yep. I mean, John L. way. I mean, he could run for Senate in Colorado and he'd get 98% of the votes. Yeah. The guy he had a great career and right up until the end people supported him. I'm amazed what people are doing there. I think Danny could maybe get mayor of Washington, maybe. Yeah. I think you should move to Colorado. You get better treatment there. All right. All right. Meals. Two pounds. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The humidity we're going to be giving a human. Human X report here in just a couple of minutes in the studio. I think it's going to start raining in here any minute. Suffocating is the word that I'm looking for. Suffocating. Are we getting any updates? Are we getting any information? Just like on our 800 line. Are we getting any contact with the outside world? Especially since all the doors are open up. And it'll hallway out there. Everybody's playing grab ass out there. I'm sorry. George, excuse me, I look like. Are you kidding? I forgot where I was momentarily. My leader doesn't whistle. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I thought you'd know. You'd think you'd. That was a house. You'd do. I thought you'd poke me. And she'd kiss me. I was out. These are just two pieces. That they can look like you're insane. If you were but catch me. You wouldn't hear me. It's all we pray. For the bullets is my brain. For your right body. So it's a low gift. Okay. Take your right foot out. Through the low gift. It's not his to what that. Doing the hook is so key. Take your rope. Suffer. Suffer. Doing the hook is so key. Not doing the hook is so key. Doing the hook is so key. Suffer. They call it the 31 at 5. Safety WQAM. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Mobile and Hollywood. Yes sir. I just just comment on Jimmy special. I'm sure there must be a murder or a serial rapist. Languageing in our penal system somewhere that can run a 4 to 40. That Jimmy could add to his special list of special people. Such as next stabbers, money launders, felons, and other sort of assholes. A rally thing that special. That team is Dan Moreno. For his play on the field. And this character off the field. And then closing. I would just like to thank Jimmy for making the end of a bag. I'm sorry. I'm off to pay. I play his recording. I'm just trying to cover it on my group medical insurance. All right. God bless you. There's one guy that's got the call. And to say Jimmy is he's an asshole. Right. Nice. Go answer. And we'll pray for you. 5. 6. 7. I mean, you know, there's some people around like I told you last week. The cut their head so far up Jimmy's. Right. Don't ever get it out. And all I can do is have pity for those people. I can't see anything objectively. And please don't give me a song and a dance today after yesterday trying to backtrack. Oh, he didn't really say much last week. Yeah, right. It was all over the guy named World. People were swooning. They couldn't believe what a heart ass piece of crap is because they lost one game. Got to find a scapegoat. Losers. Find scapecotes. Real men. Tell you the buck stops here. They're not looking for scapecotes. Heart ass losers. Little dick taters. Little people with a pulley and a complex. Like Fat Putwack and Jimmy Johnson. He's looking for scapecotes. Because he don't make mistakes. Here's your field, Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. What was I going to tell you? I forgot. I got all. You know, I saw the game Sunday. And I saw it. Damn, Reno did great. Yeah. Oh, I'm going to be one of the guys that's going to call in and say, You know, he did great. And I've been a dolphin fan since 19. 73 when I lived up in Syracuse, New York. Yes, sir. And I'm going to move back to Syracuse, New York and Sunday. I've been down here about 14 years. And I started to listen to you back in. I don't know, 1987 or 1988 or something like that. Whenever the hell was. Whenever the hell was. Whenever the hell was. Whenever the hell was. Whenever the hell was. I just wanted to say, you know, that you're great. And Reno's great. And maybe the next time he could down here, I'll be able to. I'll see you burn in down. Yes. You used to play something back a long one. Time ago, but those two guys up and up and Detroit. I forgot their name, time and bav, or something. Yeah. Yeah. And he left. And it was about a squirrel that got caught up in. No, that was Larry Lugieck. Oh, was that? And Chicago. Yeah. The squirrel got caught up in the. Right. And we all played for today. How's that? Well, boy. I was going away, president. All right. That would be great. Okay. Say goodbye. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck. Okay. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. Bring back some white hot. Say no, have white hot. And circuit. No. Not a go. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. At your comments on Jimmy Johnson. Very accurate comments on Ben Reno. Compliments to your show. And going home. Okay. Go with no. Go with a dealer. It's all you know. It's out there. Get a hell of a deal. What I hear. Somebody's got to go there. Besides me. I like the words. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 T. Wireless line. Some of our lines are working today. Some of them. Some of them are some of smart AC. That's not working. Our DCS over here. Three. Yeah. I'll be honest with you. It's one thing when you come in in one thing or a couple of things. But today it's like at least it's consistent. Nothing is working here today. Nice going. Greg and Greg's walking around out there in his $600 suit. Going. They're talking about you on Howard by the way. Greg. Here's a mobile in four. Waterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I haven't heard any comments about the. A rageous behavior of the people in Miami. When other people just want to go to a concert. Yeah. Well, I spent 20 minutes out of a nobody out there. I guess. I'm sorry. I'm so used to it by now. I mean, what does there to say? I mean, I'm a new. But I'm a new public. I can't you roll kid with a cut leg. You had to throw a bottle at a 10 year old kid. Right. They're spitting at people that throw on bottles and rocks. And whatever else they can get their hands off. Like a bunch of our bearings. Like a bunch of crazy people. Miami gets better. Press when the killer's your nurse. Right. That's right. Listen. You just. You just. You just. I mean, you just don't go. Maybe they'll understand to go home one day and fight. Defight on their own land. But we can only pray. I'll pray for that. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Right. Well, let's pray for that audio. Cubans. We're going to let you out. Okay. I mean, we've held you here. Prisoner. Captive. Login up. This weekend. We're letting you out. You go back there and knock that bearded. Bastard up. And bring back all of you. Fund the old days. Bring back the casinos. Bring back. The beach will walk is a log in the streets of a van. Nice going, Mayor. Oh. Maybe Teddy or something. I should come back. With all those billions he's saying. Now, let's see. There is a God. There is a God. Just before that thing was going to inspire an expire. And they were going to screw the US government out of billions of dollars on the estate tax. All of a sudden. Oh, he croaked. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I might have mobile. I didn't hit the pound. Five, sixty thing. I don't know how this is working. Really? It's fine. I hate a man. I guess what you're building on the final. I mean, I thought that he played exceptionally well considering the fact that he, actually, I mean, the lot tricky gets the buffalo. They put a lot of pressure on him. And yeah, he did make a few bad decisions. Well, you know, I think any efforts was looking their choices. They were taking going into this game. They were taking a lot of pressure on him. But he may do the same. But they did. And Marina came through with flying colors. He got rocked around. He got knocked around. And he went that guy coming in and jumping down. Left his feet in his face. They're on that crucial fourth and ten. When he quickly did that bomb to Gagzen. Even on that play. He just stood in there and did a phenomenal job. Absolutely. I was going to any boy. And I didn't even give a crap. I got a lot to show. Okay. See, I'm objective because I'm not, you know, involved historically. And it's certainly not gambling on these football games. I'm not where these GA members in waiting. Like about half the people listen to this radio station. I want to hear thoughts on that lack of one of the few high school games we can. What are your thoughts on that one night only at the game? What are your thoughts? All those professional gamers. All those chronic desparados. You don't have any thoughts. Maybe. Visual fact in the church. You're on Kalera and Lil Tommy. Lightning has almost struck twice in Lake Forest. I remember you reporting about the little poodle that we've just went through the traffic in Lake Forest. Only to be splattered by a northwestern train. Well, a similar incident happened about a week ago involving a squirrel. My friend and I were on our way to get some lunch in Lake Forest. Last Saturday when we noticed a squirrel trying to weave its way across the traffic on western Avenue. We were in a car about 20 yards away from the squirrel and it started to make its way across the street. The squirrel was probably not as mobile as it could have been because its mouth was really stopped with nuts from the park. Oh, luckily though the squirrel's camp at a cross traffic in my friend that I were relieved that he was safe. Suddenly two girls were on a bike ride appeared along the side of the street. They were really flying when the confused squirrel jumped into their path. The girl tried to avoid the squirrel but he somehow hit the back tire of her bike and got caught up to the stove. Oh, Jane. For a squirrel went around in the wheel several times before he got free and was flowing on the grass. To our surprise that day's squirrel got to his feet and staggered away apparently okay. Oh, good. The girl who was riding the bike was a little upset that I'm sure not as much as the squirrel. Luckily he didn't lose his life but he might have lost his mind. That's right. Yeah. 16 to 0 at 5. 60 WQM. Good luck in Cherokee. Sir Godman, take your shovel. Don't forget it won't be long. 5. We always bring our shovel to work here at QAM. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. Yes. 6. 7. 6. 8. 7. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 8. 7. 8. 6. 7. 6. 6. 7. 8. 8. maybe it's a seven moon. Sir, let me tell you, it's not the seven ones. Chicago, Detroit, New York, you listen to Black people speak, and I would say 90% of American people be speaking the illiterate. I think maybe my cat better chance. They actually were questioned. Wait, you can have your guard to remember. But what kind of a indictment is that of the American education system? That's my whole point. How can you keep promoting the social promotion crap kids from one class to another when it can't speak English? Right. But anyway, I'm sorry. My number two, I'm the 20 year ago in Skokia, Illinois. When the neonaties wanted to prey down Skokia, which is a very heavy Jewish properly here. Yeah. One of the lawyers of the Fennel-Dore Wright happened to be Jewish. Right. So when they hear people saying here that, oh, if the KKK much at down on earth. First of all, this wasn't a march. Right. It was a concert inside of a building. If people wanted to go hear them sing, they had a pay to buy a ticket to go see them. They weren't marching. They weren't flaunting anything. And quite frankly, if they never would have started with all the big cinemas, nobody would have known what they were singing about in the first place. It was a concert that people had to pay to go see. How can you compare that to people marching and flaunting something we've pungent in your face? I wouldn't think even if the worst come back, funk in this far out of the right to do it under the way. Right. That's right. Not in Miami, though, because the constitution doesn't apply here. All right. I know we have to get that. And back to you. The constitution doesn't apply in Miami. Tell that to Tomas Regalado. He told us to Joe Carolroyo and all these other goddamn professional pandering asshole politicians you got in date County. Shame on you, people. Give it a big song to dance. Oh, gee, we got a black guy. We got a black guy. That concert with what it's been appearing all over the country. They weren't Toronto, two weeks ago. There was no big song to dance. There was no black guy for the city of Toronto because most band band played there. The only reason we got a black guy is because a bunch of crazy people were carrying on like lunatics and behaving like barbarians. A bunch of people who continue to be encouraged to do these unacceptable things over and over and over and over again. And not one Hispanic politician or leader in this town has got the balls to say, this must stop now. You're embarrassing and disgracing this community with a laughing stock. It wasn't bad enough. What happened at that goddamn QAM? Gal-Term in a couple of weeks ago. That wasn't bad enough. We got a lot of laughing stock. Here's Pepper Pine, hello. Hey, do I nail? Okay, sir. There's no other thing that I used to disagree with, but I'm starting to agree with it. To people get the government they deserve. Right. And, you know, if people cast her out right now, what would you get? The Miami government? I mean, it would probably be the same thing. Probably. Maybe we could send Mayor Pingadour the day-cattie mayor. It's been said that there was Mickey Erson and the people from the Herald and all the other little fascist buddies. And one other thing. Ben Reno, probably the greatest sports figure to ever hit. This is talent. Right. Per Kimberly Boe camp for a quarter. Right. It was a free way for running back to the Hade of his career. Uh-huh. I don't understand it. We have a guy that you'll come through on once in a lifetime and all they can do is chew them up and spit them out. You know what if I have marino? Screw Miami. Go somewhere else. We don't deserve you. Thank you. Okay, welcome. Pist off and fired up right there at that young man and rightfully so. I'm grateful a bunch of bastards in his town. What have you done for me lately? Gee, you had a bad game. Whoah! Is this that some I was going to change your life by the way? And by the way, if he watched the clip and if that's the case like I said a million times before, where is his successor? Where is his replacement? What are these kids that got standing on the sidelines? No. I want to see him in there yesterday. Oh, no, of course not. The box stops here Mr. We could be. We got our shots special. Whatever the hell's name is, 38 God damn special. You're a special case all right. You're an asshole. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes sir. A couple things real quick. Did you John Davis hear something on the hockey show? Was ripping a java river about talking about the panter so much? Damn Reno. I think that they let me check this. John Davidson rips anybody for talking so much about anything. Right. And he better go look at him here too. Because you know something John Davidson is the only man in the history of the human race that must be getting paid by the word. I don't want to rest. I don't want to rest. I don't want to rest JD. Take a breath already you've found. I don't like John. Yes. I don't like Jimmy Johnson but I don't think it was that what he said. He said bad last week. Also listen. What does that mean? Well, I mean he said the real head of the game. Well, you know that is not what he said. He said that he may use poor judgment. What he did. Yeah. And but okay. I mean I don't like Jimmy Johnson. Let Donald Little better boy. Let me ask you how was the running game in that game last week? He bit the running game season. He barely even mentioned anything else. He spent 90% of his time on marino. Right. Well marino's great and I'll see you later. Okay. 5. See Jimmy when he when he takes a dump. Jimmy you don't stink. Smells like the fallen snow. It's fresh. It smells like a lielocks. What I hear. Yeah. 5. 6705. 50. 560 on the 18T line. Crawl Gables. Hello. And you are doing. Okay, sir. Man, I wish I was a comedian because there's so much stuff out there. I'd make one of those HBO specials. A five hour. Single long. I want to talk about the Cuban egg vows. Yeah. You know how they hate communism and so on. What does that mean Cuban egg vows? Why what does that mean? I guess you mean people that have been here for 40 years already? Well, obviously these new people who just keep coming by the boat load. Oh, you're talking about how we talk about banana boat people not themselves. Yeah. I want to ask you something. If they hate communism so much, why do they keep buying Nike's with China written all over? Made in China? No, they like Chinese comment. They just don't like Cuban commenters. That laugh will go. They also like China. Well, back home to China. Okay, have a great day. In fact, you beat us to the punch. They're good. We're setting them out on the rafts right now with maps through what China. I mean, they already got like two billion people over there. What's a few more? They can handle it. I'm talking about. Get out of here. In coherent idiot. 560, 50, 50, 50, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, what's up, me, I'm going to go a little farther than all these shmels I call up and say, oh, I'm a renal played great, you know, last game. Arena is like God. And Jimmy Johnson, he doesn't like him because, you know, he wasn't one of the players that he drafted. Well, he should know his role and shut his mouth in the presence of a God. And that's it. You should be kissing his ass today. Exactly. He's not going to be on his knees servicing Danny right now. And God bless you, sir. Well, that's your bottom to a halt. I guess he was picturing that in his mind, you know. I'm serious. Jimmy Johnson, you be on his knees right now, given head to Dan Marino. Just a thank him for bailing his ass out because two and two, man. Can you imagine if they would have lost again yesterday? Woo! Oh, man, and it looked like it was going to happen. It looked like it was going to be. You think the native of the rest was last week. Man, they would have been crap and bricks all over town this week if that would have happened, especially on the heels of that hurricane loss. Because after all, I mean, what, what also these people got to grab onto? But a football game. Do you live here what else? What's the claim to fame? Palm trees? No. No. What is there? Beautiful beaches? No. No. Fishing. Yeah. Oh, there was interesting article by the way about Gave Fisherman. Here's a mobile and an adventure, hello. Some of them are sticking out hook to deep in there. Yes, go ahead. Hey, I don't want to beat it that hard. Fish is like a quote unquote exiles. But stop calling them exiles. They're not exiles. They're a bunch of, there are a bunch of discrawl goddamn banana. People have been here for 30 and 40 years already. How long can you be an exile? Yeah, that's true. Both the banana voters, the free letters, whatever you want to call them. So I'm calling the guy in Indians exiles. Whatever is much as they hate Cuba, they sure do a damn good job away from that flag around. Yeah. That's, you know, it's, you know, they come over here because they hate it so much. But yet, they, they, they, they want to make this place Cuba. Not going to change, bro. Yeah. They have other change. They can just write it off. Yeah, just going to guide them. Ciscus and cut date counting off the map all the way. I do see you're having children. But it's close to the border anyway. Yeah, that's true. I just, too, whenever, Cuba, there, whenever a Castro bites it. And that place gives away the quote unquote Almighty dollar. I don't know how many of these free letters are going back. None. Not a one. Exactly. I didn't even have a good day. Okay, well, I'll read the dirty. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and high-lea. Hello. Speaking of us being the way of the stock, all that vending crap was on CNN. So the whole country can see how ridiculous we are. Right. But also, how would we say, page six in the New York post, it was a whole article about he read it. Yeah, but the, the, the job started. Okay. But Alan Barrison. Yeah. We're on the New York post, run their national line. And it's on Howard who's on eight million stations all. So we are. We're the lacking stock of the whole guy. They're more of her in this station. Because we have weak need management. Then let's a bunch of silly people in here. Do things that are totally unacceptable. And make this look bad. Make our work for charity look bad. And make all our rest of us look bad. That's what we got here at 2 AM. This station stands for nothing. Amen. God bless you, sir. Bye-bye. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All those people that are always in their pray for me. Pray for all of us. So it's hard working. Stiffs to your QAM. How's that air conditioner coming by the way? Her anything about that? No. Holy noon. It's only freaking noon. And this, this particular room that I'm in here right now. And I thought I want to sound like a martyr or anything. But this is the hottest one of them all because like I said, it's like being in a fish tank. It's in close. There is no window. There is no, nothing. And I got this fan sitting over here. I'm going to go in hot air. Always been my fantasy to be blown while I was on the air. But never like this. How's my yellow doing by the way? Five minutes till noon at five, 60 WQM. This is really as it's insufferable. It's just, it's unacceptable. And they're not responding in any way shape or forms. Because I see a lot of people including clearance running back and forth. I'm not, you know, while the phone is ringing. I thought, I, you know, what is that all about? Nothing. Oh, they've been alerted to AC people whose names we don't know. What do you mean they've been alerted? They were called this morning. Yeah. They could be on the roof for all we know. But I doubt, you know, something I hope they are on the roof. I hope we hear a thought in about five minutes. I hope it's a sound of them, even though it's only how many stories in this building only three were on the third. And there's some part of the building that maybe hopefully might go like, oh, there's that satellite just right. They could put, yeah, they could hop up on that before they fall. Four minutes till noon at five, 60 WQM. Five minutes till noon at five, 60 WQM. Five minutes till noon at five, 60 WQM. Hi, Felicia. G'dia, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Gosh, chick. I thought these head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those added. It's just called Chad. Let's film about it, girl. If you tie it up your old hamster, you can't get out of the bag and be with you. Yeah, yeah, remember what I said? Chad, you're a bit better if you dress on head. Wow. Where can I get there? Lots of flavors, chick. You can stop by my plate later and I'll be happy to give you the chance. In 15 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. You don't miss a lift, do you? Ten seconds, great. But is it expensive? Not at all, chick. My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars. Jolly, that price. Everyone should be getting hand. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. I am Dr. Raymond of the lotty. So, for the moment, Mr. If it tells you why you should get head, first of lubricate each limp hair follicle, leaving an erect listen and shabbed. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably. But you might want to try your girlfriend first. Go out and get some head, take a jacket, and then work for the normal night. And go up better and you'll feel perfect. And you get head, you're a lucky step. Want hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of careful. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down, down. And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. I can't get my head, you won't find her a job. And you're the best. My son, your top, in half in the tower. No one out of the house. And you're the most beautiful. I'm not alone. Thank you for your effort. Okay, good. Thank you for the training. I'm feeling so good. And now let me know about the plot I said. And can you feel better than you get something? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampooed. Come on. Give it a shot. No. I air looks blurry. You're the nap. Come on, 4, 5, 60, W.K. I'm Hank, I'll be a tourist day too. We got the booster is back. Now the baseball is over. And then we got Monday night football. So anyway, then November issue of playboy magazine is the one that everybody is talking about. The problem is I don't think too many people are reading it. And as usual, a irresponsible people in the media are quoting a couple of excerpts here and there to try to make just even to look like as irresponsible as possible and unacceptable and unpalatable because they're terrified. They're scared of crap or something just like he made a fool in 10 seconds out of George Rose yesterday. So here's the interview. I haven't my hand right now in a playboy too. Pretty unusual for me to have it in my hand in the playboy too, but nevertheless I do. It says we sent contributing editor Lawrence Grobel, whose last interview was with Nick Nolti to the Minnesota State Capitalist spend a week with the governor. Grobel's report, but I found most refreshing about Governor Ventura, which is willingness to defend his positions and attack his interrogators. During our first test, he was sizing me up by the second day and invited me to attend the funeral of his high school coach during our third test. So I should have again challenging my positions on subject that was asking him about. When we discussed handgun controller governor called me a liberal weenie for not believing every house should be equipped with weapons of destruction. He's an imposing man who's not easily intimidated and he's convinced he's got the Aurora that will be aura that will take him to higher places. He also believes he has yet to reach whatever destiny has in store for him. It wouldn't surprise me at all if we'll be knocking at Ventura's door to interview him again, say three years from now. Here's the interview, playboy. Did you think that one day you'd be the center of all this media attention? Ventura know because I worked in the world of wrestling which is ridiculed. Nobody ever looks at wrestlers for the talent they have. Most people consider wrestling fans, ignorant, and if they're intelligent they've had a live their lives like gay people. They've had to stay in the closet. They're fans of wrestling but they wouldn't dare tell anyone. Playboy, you're certainly being taken seriously now. How comfortable are you exchanging your feather bowers and earrings for a tie and jacket? Ventura getting used to what I wear a suit four days a week, Fridays my casual day. I come in wearing blue jeans cowboy boots in the t-shirt. I dress up to bring dignity to the office. What I do here is an honor that's been given to me by the state. I don't know if I'll ever feel comfortable here because it's the first office I've had. It's really the first desk. Playboy, how is becoming governor changed you? Ventura, I try to control my temper more. I try not to react as quickly as I did in my other careers where it was acceptable. In this job anything you say will be used against you by the press and in the court of public opinion. You're not allowed to joke or laugh. I do it anyway and I get in trouble for it all the time. I do my radio show every Friday and when I go into my radio mode it's walls to the walls know holds barred. When people attack me I attack back. That's roughly in feathers because generally a governor has to take it but can't dish it out. I put myself in a position with my radio show to be able to dish it back and they don't like that. Playboy, what are the first to can spoil a governor? Ventura, my chefs I've got to the best in the business. Playboy, you ever cook, know I'll make something in a blender and drink it. It's easy, you know dishes. About the only thing I'll cook is soup. You cut it out of a can and stick it in the microwave. Playboy, what's the best thing about being governor? Ventura, it's good to be king. The best thing is that there's no one in the state who can tell me what to do. Playboy and the worst? Ventura, you become a slave. I can't go anywhere without guards. You become a prisoner of your own success. Playboy, in the hierarchy of elected officials which comes for a governor or US senator. Ventura, the executive branch is higher, you can set your own rules per say. As a senator, you're just one of a hundred, there's governor you're one of fifty and you're number one within the boundaries of your domain. Playboy, what is most important for you to accomplish as governor? Ventura, to prove that I can govern now, that they have to be one of the election we all met in my kitchen, look at each other and said, what the hell do we do now? No reform party candidate is ever wanted to major level. There was no one there who knew what to do. My wife's best friend recommended Stephen Bostacker to help me. I would be worked hard on independent party candidate John Anderson's campaign for president 1980 and I voted for John Anderson. Bostacker came on board to be my transition chief for staff and state on it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. Playboy, what's his job? Ventura, he's responsible for running and handling my entire administration. My job is somewhat of an oxy moron. I do everything and yet I do nothing. Stephen is like the exo and the military. I'm the commanding officer, but in the executive officer, in many ways he runs a day-day operation. Playboy, that sounds like the way Ronald Reagan governed by being a good delegator. Ventura, I've been compared to a lot to Reagan. I appoint experts in their fields as my commissioners, then I get out of the way. I only have a high school education, but I'm street smart, which can be more effective than college degrees. I operate under a rule I learned during my sales training, keep it simple and stupid. That's common sense. Playboy, during your book tour, you'd be a larger crowd of the Nixon library than Henry Kissinger or New Gingrich. Do you find that ironic? Ventura, I'm flattered that I've had that type of work. The thing people need to ask is why is this Ventura, I'll draw a new king griture handbeek Kissinger? Playboy, do you have an answer? Ventura, the answer is that people are searching for the truth for some of the continually believe in. The truth may not be what they want to hear, but they at least know they're getting it. Playboy, how do you distinguish between the Republican Democratic and Reform parties? Ventura, it's simple and physically conservative, but I'm socially liberal. If you're a Republican, you have to be fiscally and socially conservative. If you're a Democrat, you have to be fiscally and socially liberal. I'm half of each, and that's the before and before party to be continued. 9 minutes past noon at 5. 60 WCM. I could have eliminated a lot of this, but I don't want to do that. I want to read the entire thing because then you look at it in this whole context as opposed to picking and choosing and taking stuff out of context, which is what the guy the media does. And does very poorly and unfairly and very tragically. All you paranoid, little people in the media, go or tie to somebody who actually has got the balls to come along. It is not afraid to tell a truth and won't back down. 12.16 at 5.62. I'm so keep in mind that this interview would just even tour was done weeks ago before Papu Cannon made his latest hitler wasn't such a bad guy comment. Just keep that in mind. Playboy, Governor George's WB Boisian Vice President, Al Gore, the front runners for their party's nominations. What's your take on then? Ventura, I bet met Boisior, gender vice president, found the movie very nice, but all we're hearing about is Boisian Gore, the campaign started a year and a half before the election. I'll be so sick of it by the time the election gets here, I'll want to throw up. Playboy, your opinion of Bill Bradley, Ventura, a pretty good basketball player. Playboy, Patrick Cannon, Ventura, I respect him, he makes people think he and I differed drastically on social issues and that would hold him back from being the reform party nominee. Mr. Be Cannon puts certain social issues like a boss on the front burner, we and the reform party do not. We don't even have a boss on our platform. It's not a political issue. It's been decided by the courts and it should be challenged in the courts. Playboy, Steve Forbes, the Forbes claims like you that he's a political outsider. Ventura, Steve Forbes has been wealthy his whole life. I don't like his flat tax, we already had that. It's called Social Security and what a message to him. It's like a national, he says I like a national sales tax. It would put the government on the direct budget with the economy, so it would be imperative for the government to work to keep the economy good. Right now the government couldn't care less because they get your money first. Playboy, you're a big supporter of Colin Powell, once saying that if you ran for president you run for vice president with him, what's so great about Powell. Ventura, general Powell and I are alike. We have differences. He supports a firm and a faction I don't, but he's physically conservative and socially liberal. I found him to be a powerful leader. One doesn't get to be chairman of the joint chiefs of staff not knowing how to lead. It would be hard for me to accept orders from anyone today, but I could accept orders from him. I've met him only once, but I'm pretty good on first impressions. Playboy, if you decided to run for president, what would be your game plan? Ventura, my plan would be to stay out of it until next July. I would let go and Bush hang each other with all the rope they have to the point where the public can't stand either one of them. They're disapproval rating with skyrocket. Then you enter the race three months before the election and you take the whole thing. All of it is is gaining that momentum at the right time like I did here in Minnesota. We peaked perfectly and they couldn't stop this when it happened. The other two candidates didn't even see it coming. Playboy, let's talk about issues. Can we clear up what you said when you know what you met after the shootings at Columbine High School in Lillison? You suggested that more guns specifically can seal weapons with a enabled students and faculty defend themselves and prevent the massacre Ventura, that is not what I said. My simple statement was, had there been a license can seal and carry in the building, lives is likely would have been saved. Playboy, was there already an armed guard in the school Ventura, where was he? What do we value more today? Are children or are money? Most people would say the children, but that's not true. We put money into banks. Thanks are guarded by armed guards to make sure our money isn't touched stolen or misused. We put our children in schools and protect them with nothing. Playboy, so we should put armed guards in all our schools Ventura, maybe it's something we need to look at. The two terrorists went to that school in the sassinadollo's children and there was no one there to stop them. You can't negotiate with people like that. You take them out. Playboy, is there anything that could change your mind about the right to bear arms Ventura? Nope, our forefathers put it in there so the general citizen has the ability to combat an oppressive government. If you don't understand what I'm saying, I don't understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure if you can go hunting on the weekend. I don't hear hunt by the way. That's not really hunting. I prefer when the opposition can shoot back. Then you're hunting. Playboy, you carry a gun Ventura, hardly ever a license to, but I only carry one when I'm by myself. Playboy, why do so many people kill other people with guns Ventura? Because it's an easy tool to use. If that tool were limited, they'd use something else. They weren't guns when came kill. I want to know my definition of gun control. Being able to stand there at 25 meters and put two rounds in the same hole. That's gun control. The gun control people don't know what they're talking about. Playboy, when you were wrestling announced you called Coco B. We're a Black wrestler buckwheat referred to Tito Santana as Chico and described him as another Black wrestler. The junkyard dog is a lot of shuck it in driving. And these phrases come back to haunt you Ventura. No, it's wrestling when I participated and it was built on stereotypes. Every Japanese wrestler from Salt and Whistheniki, every German wrestler was a Nazi, every Russian economist. How could anyone possibly look at wrestling and say, this is what he believes in. It's entertainment. My job was to irritate people. Another of my famous wrestling quotes was, when if you can, lose a few months, but always cheat. And some people drove that up today like it's some kind of policy. All of a sudden wrestling's real of them come on. Playboy, something else you said is that college athletes should be exempt from taking classes so they can concentrate on games. How much flag did you take for making that statement? Ventura. My point is the way the system is set up now invites cheating. You've got college athletes in Minnesota playing one level of professional. They have to bust their butts. And when someone offers to write a turn paid for for them, you think they're not going to take it. Playboy, so you're saying that we should redefine the college experience that athletes don't have to take classes. They just have to play ball. Ventura, you're dog on right. If you go to college to play football, why don't they teach you how to deal with agents? School should prepare these kids for what they're going to do. Playboy, how do you feel about protesters who burn e-murcan flag? Ventura, if you buy the flag, it's yours to burn. Playboy, many people believe it was a mistake to eliminate the draft. Do you? Ventura, the draft was utterly ridiculous. It was the most unfair bogus piece of crap ever put together. Because who got drafted? If you're going to have a draft, there should be no deferments. That's the way the draft was in the 60s and early 70s. If you went to college, I'm sorry. The way the draft was in the 60s and early 70s, if you went to college, you got out of it. Why was that a determining factor? Playboy, wasn't the idea that the country needs to develop young minds? Ventura, or really, in the country doesn't need automakanax, maintenance people? Laborers have to face the draft, but others can't go hide in college? See, I got bitter toward that. If you don't have money, you couldn't hide in college. The only people getting drafted were the poor people. Playboy, what do you think of Gaze in the military? Ventura, who might have told someone they can or can't serve their country? I couldn't care less if the person next to me is gay as long as he gets the job done. Playboy, would you support or oppose recognizing gay marriage in Minnesota? Ventura, I would oppose it. Look up the word marriage in the dictionary. It says it's between a man and a woman. Now, I don't oppose gay people forming some type of legal bonding, but you just can't use the word marriage. Playboy, why aren't you concerned with crime? Ventura, because that's a local issue and I don't believe in micro management. Sure, I'm concerned about it, but it's not the governor's job to handle it. That's for mayor city councils. I'm not going to sit here and be a typical politician. Bangs his desk and say, I'm going to fight crime. Happy, guys, wouldn't know crime if it'd fit them on the ass. Playboy, how about the death penalty? Ventura, I don't support the death penalty and the private sector I did, but not his governor. I wouldn't want to responsibility of sending someone to his death. Minnesota doesn't have a death penalty, so it doesn't matter to me. But on the flip side, what bothers me is that life in prison isn't life in prison. Why are you eligible for for all after seven years? Life should be life and there should be no three strikes. There should be one strike. Playboy, that's a little rough. Ventura, no it isn't. If you commit murder rate for other crimes, why do you get to do it three times before you go? Playboy, what about drug crimes? Ventura, that's consensual crime. People who commit consensual crimes shouldn't go to jail. We shouldn't even prosecute them. That's crime against yourself. Drug and prostitution, no should not be imprisoned in crime. The government's got much more important things to do. Playboy, would you legalize these types of activities? Ventura, Nevada has Nevada's got legalized prostitution. Like the old West, they don't see never any big problem. It doesn't seem to create a hostile atmosphere. My wife and I were in the heart of Amsterdam's Red Light District, where there are drugs, open prostitution and pornography. Yet amazingly, at 10 o'clock at night, we saw a bustload of senior citizens out for a walking tour. If it's not illegal, chances are there's no violence. See, we call our country home of the brave and land of the free, but it's not. We give a false portrayal of freedom. We're not free if we worry to allow people their freedom. For a heaven and something doesn't make it go away. prostitution is criminal and bad things happen because it's run illegally by dirt bags or criminals. If it's illegal and the girls could if, if we were legal rather than the girls could have held checks, you and Ian's benefits anything any other worker gets, and it would be far better. Playboy, this isn't a very popular position in America, isn't? Ventura, no one has because of religion. Organized religion is a sham in a crutch for weak-minded people who need strength and numbers. It tells people to go out and stick their noses and other people's business. I live by the golden rule. Three others, as you want them to treat you, the religious right wants to tell people how to live. Playboy, what's the solution to the war on drugs? Ventura stopped the demand. In a free society, you can't have martial law. You can't have people battering down doors. In the end, it's the individual decision to make. The prohibition of drugs causes crime. You don't have to legalize it. Just decriminalize it. Regulated. Create places where the adf can go get it. When you prohibit something, it doesn't mean it'll go away. The same with abortion. If you prohibit it, it won't stop. It'll just go into back alley. And then two lives will be in danger. Playboy, one was the last time you chewed a peyote button, smoked a joint or dropped acid. Ventura, a while ago. And most of those things I haven't done. I smoked a joint. There's nothing wrong with that. That's one of the biggest atrocities going on right now. Marijuana. Give somebody a handrich tap in a joint, stick him into corner and he's happy. Playboy, if you smoked a, if you had smoked a joint since becoming governor, would you admit it? Ventura, no, it's my personal life. That would be like asking me which sex acts I like. Playboy, what you said, you'd never lie to the people in Minnesota. Ventura, right, but that doesn't mean I have to answer everyone's questions. If it's relevant to my job, I'll answer it. You have no business asking anything about my private life. Playboy, you said nowhere in the constitution does it say that the government's business is to read jobs. That's the private sector's responsibility. Ventura, am I right? Have you read the constitution? Does it say anything about government's ability to create jobs? Playboy, doesn't that give the impression that you don't care? Ventura, the point is I'm breaking away from this reliance on government, which was not founded to create jobs. Create your own job, be an individual. Playboy, are there any welfare programs you endorse? Ventura, I endorse all welfare. There should be a safety net, but it should not be a lifestyle. While I oppose this when people talk about welfare rights, you don't have a right to welfare, it's charity. Playboy, has your opinion of the media change since you become governor? Ventura, they're dangerous. The media have an agenda. They try to make the public think they're just reporters who report facts, not true. They carry their personal beliefs and attitudes into the articles they write. I'm a firm believer in free speech, but with any freedom comes responsibility, and the media are abusing their position. It happened to my wife when somebody wrote about her taking over my radio show when I was at a town. At the end of the article, a person stated that I was offered this celebrity gulter with my security guard who were being paid by the public. That's an example of the media putting a little twist at the end when side people to get angry at me, but it's the law. Anywhere I go, I have to be protected, it doesn't matter if I'm on a book tour or play in the celebrity gulter or if I take a vacation. Playboy, are you still looking upon as a guy who doesn't need protection? As the bumper stickers are covered in a restaurant than your governor? Ventura, people are realized they're going to at least one death threat a week. We've got two bomb threats where the building had to be evacuated. Playboy, you were asked in one radio station, the names of your state song, bird muffin and drink. You missed two of the four, you know them all now. Ventura, no, because they're all irrelevant and unimportant. They asked me the state drink to me it's beer. Playboy, but now you know it's Ventura milk, which really threw me off because Wisconsin is the dairyland. Playboy, and the state song, Ventura, I now say would be something by Johnny Lang or Bob Dylan editors, no to tell Minnesota. I know the state word is alone and the muffin is a blueberry. Playboy, the press may piss you off, but you seem to thrive on attacking them, Ventura, they need it. Nobody holds them accountable. Nobody holds their feet to the fire. Playboy, what insults have gotten under your skin Ventura, only the personal ones, they can criticize my policies all they want, but they go beyond that. When I criticize them, everyone gets upset with me. I love how people can dish it out, but they can't take it. Playboy, which is just what Barbara Carlson, the former governor's ex-wife told Mirabella about you, we can dish it out, but he can't take it, and that's going to be his downfall. Ventura, consider the source. This is a woman who struck the former governor with a frying pan, had a name for his private parts. So he had to take that with a green assault. She's also a woman who's had her stomach cut out, so she doesn't eat as much. What happened to Willpower? Well, not a fat people, every fat person says it's not their fault that they have planned trouble, you know what's planned? The saliva gland, they can't push away from the table. Playboy, some have said you're a vindictive person, do you believe in an eye for an eye? Ventura, no, but I believe in the seal teen code, we don't get mad, we get even. Vindictive, no, now I want to come to business, as long as nobody makes a personal attack on me, if they go personal, I'll go personal to be continued. It's nice that it's nice and comfortable in here, you know? Oh, God, is there anybody working on this crap? I guess they just don't care. You know, he'll just fumble his way through the four hours and walk out of their spitting with a screaming headache, and it'll be just another day at the ranch. 26 past 12 at 5.60 WCM, you can't get anything right station for the 90s. Social media will continue walking over and over. High school area currently points on status and transparency, leading on civilians, Gandhi. Yeah. She was... He's struggling, he doesn't have a school uniform to make anything close to her husband. You can detect these little spots. Swap, catch a swap, swap, swap. He light up these blue eyes. Swap, catch a swap, swap, swap. Swap, catch a swap, swap. The gun shall be good. You pick every lap of our empty gun, and you pick every gun, you pick every day until you're long so long like. With all the gun, it's at we have made. Jamaica doesn't need any foreign faith. American tourists from here and say, got nothing like this in the human head. They smoke, smoke, kinds of smoke, smoke. They light up these blue eyes. They begin to puff as a drop. Swap and answer, smoke, smoke. They don't have any good. You pick every lap of our empty gun, and you pick every day until you're long so long like. You like to smoke, catch a swap, catch a swap whenever you're good. They need people coming here from miles around. They bite people to you by the ounce of liquor. Ask the man, he's eat over, Mama, you're right. They can't be good tonight. And they smoke, smoke, kinds of smoke, smoke. They light up these blue eyes. They smoke, kinds of smoke, smoke. They kind of judge you for it. Oh, right. Come on. 1232 is five. If you're not going to read the rest of this today, maybe I'll do it tomorrow if we have the AC. I'm wilting under the pressure. I'm stumbling and fumbling and not doing justice to this. I'm snitching over here, basically what it boils down to, underline the boil part. The real last day, like you more pages this interview to go. The real last paragraph, last question, playboy. Let's say your life is over. You discover you can be turn to anything you want. What would you come back as? Ventura. I thought it would be reincarnated as a fabric. I'd like to come back as a 38W bra. A throw away at the end of the interview. A joke. A little funny there. And George will fly the of this crazy office. I got her. Oh, god. I sure hope some of you people saw that yesterday. I was looking at the look of indignation. I'm just eventor as face when that little piece of anonymous putst George will come up with that crap. That humorless right wing sour puts crap. I'm kind of feeling humorless in sour person here today too. Because I'm like I said, I'm wilting. I'm just wilting under the pressure. It's got to be 140 degrees in here. I'd like to want to show you on a sweat box. And it's now going on one o'clock. And is there anybody in this building who is communicating anything to us? Are the air conditioning? I'm not asking a question. Are there here? Is there anybody communicating anything to us? No. About any of this stuff. No. All the office phones. Of course, they can't communicate to us on the phone. Because all the office phones are about on the whole goddamn floor. I got two lines out on the top. It's a miracle. We got anything going on here today. But I suppose somebody could like wander down the hallways and have seen all these people sticking their nose in there. That's not the fact you're all in. I asked you well. What's the story? Nothing. They could yell it down the hall. They don't even have to yell. The goddamn hall, we could hear it. Maybe we just haven't paid the contractors. You think that could be it? Oh yeah. That could be it. John Henry's got all our money. Let's call up John Henry. See if he wants to send to me to fix the goddamn air conditioning. Of course, even if he does, we still don't want to build a stadium for him. That's not the case. Here's Evan Chura. Hello. Evan Chura. 40 minutes. And they're gone. Can't imagine why. 560, 560. I just don't have it. I'm sad of strength. To be the rest of that today. Because I want to adjust this. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. But I think you get to message. And as a matter of fact, it's actually legal. You can go out and buy playboy. And over a few. With the red cover. And a big boobs on the front. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. I had my lunch while I was writing for 40 minutes. Yeah. I just like all the say you have an awesome show. Don't stop the good work. There was stop at the kick. That's yesterday. Well, you know, it's great. John is with bitter. But he won anyways. And I have a fighting for you down in Miami Beach. Joe Manuela Caroleo was walking out of the Warsaw Room with City, WECARB Warsaw, and in the hands. Okay. Well, thanks to the good news. Okay. 560, 50, 560. 560. 560. Anybody have any idea what he's talking about? No. Let me say, my account. He just said it in a different way. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Okay, sir. Okay. I gave you a week's jersey. I was over the 101. Thank you. Thanks, Barack. Thank you so much, yes, sir. Sure. I hope you can do this. It's a couple of things. First off, about the dampers. Everything now, we've done the dampers. You won. I was sweet. I was sitting in a sweet box. The first time I was never really. Yeah. Thank you. I'm going to see you in the weekend. Back here. But anyhow, we just really had said about the Chris Welles as usual. How we, how we just heard what they said. Let me say it again to say with all the respect. Okay. We're trailing two to nothing in the game against a very, very good Detroit team. It came back. They got a tie. They got the point. They're run to feed us. I don't see why everybody is so anxious to be so guy. Then negative about everything in his town. Not negative about it. But I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just thinking about the bringing back as well. Well, how can anybody not be? But I mean, he's, he is what he is. He's not going to get any better. He's useless. And they're using them like a goddamn weapon. I mean, they're going to, they're going to prove to us that he's a player. Whether he is or not, which we always not. But they're just going to jam them down our throats. Whether we like it or not. Yeah. This is what happens when you deal with a couple of hard asses. The Murray boys. It's the Murray boys. When that's it. I have a great face here. Oh, I can't. I can't go to light on the floor. Make a terrible sound. There really am. What was that? We get some word there from clearance. What? What did he just say to you? I don't want to say. No, what did he just tell you? Say it again there, clients? They're on their way. They're on their way. It is now 23 minutes before one. I feel like Vince Gully when said he co-faxed. Pitch the fur and is 11 38 in the city of the angel. It's 12 38 in the city of Crab. This AC has been on all morning. This is unbelievable. They're on their effing way. Which you're sure going to do us a lot of good in that. No. And by the way, I hate to break the news here. Thanks doing a show. A lot of the show is today. He's not going to make a nice call on Harper. He's not going to be stuck here with his goddamn swamp and fisted crap. They're on their way. Thank you so much, Clarence. For the great confidence boost. And a man sits down the hallway. I guarantee it's cool on his office down there. Oh, I'm guarantee it. He's working down there. Like I said, carry what are the cubs. Once and a, which is worse, Greg. I'll hold in your heart or I'll hold in your head. 21 till 1 at 560 WQA, where we just can't get it done right. Whether the embarrassment never, ever, ever stop. No. I hate the Irish. Anybody here? He's my old friend, pal. There's you still be where he's gone home home. Look at that sudden feeling of pity, why he is gone home. That's why the past is in his mind. Anybody here? He's my old friend, pal. And you explain how blind it's a-ha-ha. No. I hate the Irish. He's just really never gave it his last time. That's never even so much I'll let him try. No one remembers who any of the guys does. That's who he is that provided to gain your little dog. But I hate him. But those days are too long. I want a Jesus' blessing. But he's very certain one day, He's a real person. I'm a little pal, you may have heard of him. It's great, it's floating in the bed. That's what's to hurt him. That's what he's like. That's what he's like. What? I like. So 45 at 5.50. That's the history of never stops here in the land of the crazy. The Cuban dance band, Louis Vandand, played Miami, and saturday night, but not in setting a vascular vanger by protesters, who greeted concert goers by spitting at them, yelling up senators and throwing eggs, rocks and bottles. By night's and nearly 50 Miami police officers had the pain had dawn riot gear. One journalist had been knocked unconscious by a rock and poor people had been arrested. One charged with battery on a police officer. Three of them had been detained after trying to storm the arena while waiting Cuban flags going. Like that. The show police force anger demonstrators and their supporters, look at what the National Media is going to see. Said city commissioner Thomas Regalado, Tomas the ass. Miami and all these police officers, another black guy for my man. Understated again, Mr. Regalado, you jackass, you simple. You jackass, you. The black guy is you and your crazy people there, carrying on like a bunch of sport little children. Unacceptable. You've destroyed Dave County destroyed it. Butchered it, wounded, made us the laughing stock of the world. Congratulations to you. And by the way, you're welcome. Thanks for showing your gratitude for coming to America and embracing our freedoms. Not. Here's a mobile informyer, as hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. This is I'm a branded listener and a first time caller. All right. It's about guy there in time. Some way, as it has enough violence to stand up and say what's wrong. With all my stuff, I'm going up with all this PC stuff and everybody you can't say nothing and everybody has rights and everybody you got to walk on Hakeshaws. You know, I mean, it's full crap. Right. Nice job there. You got a right in midstream. That was excellent. I said that was good job. Yeah. I mean, it's just a horrible thing. I worked to chip up to put myself through college. I was the first person in my family. I've got to go to college. And now I got to support all these people that want to sit out there on welfare and nor sit on their butts all day and not do nothing and I've 18 kids. Right. Well, God bless you. You're hanging there. Thanks. And have a great day. I think that Jesse, the reason I was so impressed other than the gun control thing, which I disagree with him about. But if you're looking for a candidate, he's going to agree with you on everything, forget it. But other than that, I thought to myself, do you this is interview I would have given. At least on all these issues. Makes a hell of a lot too much sense, doesn't it? For most Americans out there who can't handle the truth. 560 and in fact he even quotes the objectives in there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's some rise. Hello. You know, yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. If I were to call earlier, did you say Jimmy Johnson should be blown down, Marina? Do you think it should be the other way around? Why is that? If Dan Reno is so good, why does it take him to somebody to light a fire under his ass before? Oh, you let a fire under his ass. How about the other eight million times he's pulled games up, including Long before Jimmy Johnson ever came here. Okay, you idiot you jackass. Oh, here's the reverse spin now. Jimmy lit a fire under Danny. You're an idiot pal. You're a moron. And like I said, they don't deserve you, Danny. They're a bunch of ungrateful tricks. Yeah, Jimmy done it. I'll tell you what Jimmy did. That's what he's done since he's been here. Crap. Crap and look for escape goats. When the tough get going, Jimmy Johnson hides under the goddamn desk. Does that how it goes when the tough get going? The going gets going gone. Something like that. You know what it is. What's a crap? You're another one of our soft Florida sports experts pal. John L. Wade Dan, Marina, anybody know he's even a little bit about football. These are the two greatest in the history of the game at those two minute drills at Martian. They're team down to field at the end of the game and pulling losses. Playing victories out of what looks like a sure loss. I think you're pulling something too much pal. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, I'm on the air. Great. Okay. I want to light her notes since you're always floating the panthers and you're starting out what you are right now. You should get them to let you promote your show on their ice arena. Oh yeah. What's up, you green? Hold your breath. Oh yeah. You're getting who the owner of the panthers are there. Well, I mean, you're always promoting their team. I think it'd be a good shot. Yeah. Well, I was following because I am one of the few who's a pretty good panther fan for, um, I can see that. And I'm kind of tired of taking a shuttle bus and there's only about three people on the bus. You pay for parking 10 bucks. So my amina drive all over their 45 minutes. It's another good 15 bucks in your canc. And it's a good idea to take a shuttle. I mean, I don't want for them. But it'd be a lot nicer to have fans on the bus. So you can really do it. So I thought I'd take your audience with like to hear that. So take the bus. It's cheaper and it's much more fun. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Can I get some tickets? tickets for what? The game. parking tickets? No. What game? Santa tickets. Whatever game you can give me. Yeah, I'll give you something. Okay. There you go. Bitch. All right. As soon as she started, I know where she was going. That's why I just let her keep going. There was no doubt in my mind. 560, 560, pound 560. Stick around a bit and about two by the way. When they're all going back for you soon, this weekend, I think. Straight back. Read a great article in New York, a magazine by the way about that wind jam or cruise ship that went out in the middle of hurricane mix last year. Never came back. Do you know I'm pretty sure it's in the, because it's said wind jam or cruise is their headquarters here is in the old radio station. And it mentioned Bay Road. It's in the UK, 18, where I used to work 1759 Bay Road. Wind jam or cruise is rhymes with loses as in some of their ships when they go off in the middle of the. Oh boy. What an article that was. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. My dear, the call. I'm very sorry you're hot. But I'm not going to be asking for tickets. Anyway, he's one of those. I have a question about, I watched a game where you scare line with the hurricane. And I was there. I don't talk about the hurricanes unless it's a hurricane that's okay. It's all one of the sports nerd shows. 567. 560. 560. On the end, here we get the one dimensional people that got the one. I want to watch the hockey tickets. I read that whole just event to release as much as I could get through without gagging in here on the goddamn humidity. And I'm getting calls about hurricane football. You're sports nerds man. If you had a brain you'd be dangerous, but you probably the safest bunch in the history of mankind. Like that one guy that's talking about the police holding the shield upside down. What they shouldn't have held him upside down by the ankles. Then maybe maybe his brain, but he's got left of it. Might have shifted from his back to what he was headward supposed to be. Yeah, just hold him upside down for a few hours. 560. 560. And I'm what tell was that. Don't tell me those lines are working now. No. Oh. Well, just a... Oh, there we go. Here's line four. It's up to the QAM or nothing works. Hello. Hey, you doing? Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can't. Well, you're getting through on an out of order line. That's great. Don't mind that down. Tell it by the way. It's not a set to the phone company sucks. That's the AC down. How you guys doing over there? We're shwits and owing here. You know what that means? I'm dying. Right. I just... Just talk to deal. You're talking to a man. Hey, deal, how you doing? Pretty good. Yeah, never better. I just want to tell you, man, the marino thing. I'm not a dolphin stand by any means, but I say it. Here's a cup of that guy and I like the marino. The guy can pull him out of a jam, man. He pulled off a miracle for these people yesterday and he still don't appreciate it. They're still in front of an ass. Well, they could be 14 and oh, and they'd still be, uh, a complaint. They'd still be one. But I just want you to know I do appreciate that for a note. I wish you a more like a note. Thank God for you, man. You and me. Okay, take care. All right. Bye-bye. Oh, God, I'm choking him, okay. And by the way, you know, I do want to say this. Who ever do you air conditioning people, which is not our good close friends that air around the clock and I have no idea why not? See, this is what happens when you deal with Mickey Mouse contracting companies. And you have these contracts where all this one's got the air conditioning contract and this one there. You know what that's all about. But it's a crap. And I don't understand why somebody in the position of authority in this place. If we have such a person who cares which I don't, why didn't call our friends that are run a clock. They would have been here early this morning. We could have traded it out for some spots. Don't you understand? George is saying, oh, what a cost is some money. Oh, that's right. We don't want to trade anything out for, you know, the people they're in a building or trying to work. The only trade out to the station there's stuff that's going into somebody's pocket. Forget about that. Greg, you're a joke. A bad joke. Not a funny joke. A bad joke. A terrible joke. Well, we've only been here, yeah, since night of clock this morning. Phone line getting fixed. No. AC people, they're on the way. That's the best. You know what's like if you want the 18th floor of a high rise. And you smell smoke in the fire alarms. And by the way, we haven't had those yet today. All that we had a break. Yeah, right. What'd you say? I said, shhh. Do you have what he just said? I swear that he just said, I didn't. That help you didn't. But if you're on the 18th floor of this high rise building, enters flames like engulfing the building. And you wait and you wait and you're running the window. And you're pacing back and forth like a pregnant fox. And you're like hysterical. And you can't get any word is help on the way. And finally, a little voice. This is like a half hour after the first few months you started smelling smoke. And a half hour later somebody finally else, Oh, no worry. They're on their way. You know what this place is? Unbelievable. It really is. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Craw 56 at 5. 6.2. I'm should be a good lesson all you people out there. Don't do what these people do here. Okay. Don't do what we say. Do what's at the house echo. And afterwards, get smart. Don't be dumb like us like Fredo. Call Air Around the Clock in skids of your 7.0 checkup. Now, soon have to scratch your brains out like we're doing here all day. If we only had a deal with there around a clock, we wouldn't be sitting here just button our balls try to get through this damn show today. Sweat in our brains out. Boy, it's the one to two hour. That's when we get lucky. I would've loved for you. I'm dying out here. No matter what you do. I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is treat your life. I'm so sorry for being free. And I think that that you can in so free people. I'm so sorry for being free. I'm so sorry for being free. I'm so sorry for being free. I'm so sorry for being free. I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is treat your life. 102 with 560 WQM or Schrinz and all the here baby will make it. Hank Goldberg and luckily for him is out of Tula State 2 today. He's a good guy. I love that guy. I'm just talking about the fact that these people are all full of crap. And so was Jimmy Johnson after Reno next to tremendous comeback yesterday. And here's another sports expert from the QM audience. Oh, what's bill for sales? Joe, somebody's all in for. What about that went over Denver? Oh, yeah. All the experts man. All the big mouths know absolutely nothing. They didn't have no idea what they're talking about. 20 hours of stupidity. That's what we got. Sports Maven. That's all they do is slap it and there comes two. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Mr. Fisher. I have three quick things to tell you. First thing. I want to say how much of an answer that rate troll is. That's number one. Who? Rate troll. You know, it's a guy that you had met before. Believe me, he is a real prick. I have met before. That's what he says. I never heard of him. That's what the whole office is telling me that he had met on the, you know, well, what I've never heard of him sir. Are we supposed to know who that is? I'm the audience. No, I do. Five six seven. Five six. Another Julio with a lot of good material for all of us to this to share. No, nothing. Five six seven. Five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. I knew. Yes sir. The second little guy for reading that. Yeah. The thing like we're first in all of your religious crap. The newspapers, the media. I don't understand. You know, nobody. All of you just hit the crib. You know, okay. Well, listen, come back when you got a phone at where she might have something to say. I'm not sure, but coming back when you got here. They're, they're all kinds of phone problems today. I think it's a company, pink, or plot of yes. Wouldn't be surprised me if those band van sabotaged the whole phone system here in South Florida. Never put anything past those, Comey, pink, or back to you. You know what I'm talking about? No, no. There you go. Our phones, the other phones coming in, it's like, and listen to this. You're that? Hello. See, sometimes it's actually somebody on here. Calling through the fog trying to cut through the bullcraft. Okay, where we going? Let's do, um, Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. 15 minutes, 51 seconds later. Oh, no. Yes sir. Hey, man. Hey, man. What do you got over your phone? Sir, you got a phone? I got a phone. Sounds like you're talking to 10 pounds of elephant. I'm going to be on the beach, man. The wind is blowing. Okay. Hey, man. I got the delivery truck out. I'm just taking a break on the beach, man. Yeah. We got your rope in the back with the cool clock plan and your hood. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay. How come I knew he had 20 pounds of elephant crap over it in the phone, too? Here's a lady in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I think I could give my opinion regarding the Cuban Bryant. Regarding what? The riot who is going out with the Cuban. Is the riot the protest? Yes. Yes. Okay. I think to be honest, um, I'm Cuban and while half Cuban have American. What I think is they should not come here to Florida or to USA. Okay. And the Cuban. Right. To make the concert. Why should they do that? Okay. What, what, what, which Cuban are you talking about? You're talking about the group. Why not? Why not? Because when they're in Cuba, they talk about USA. Why would they come here? And then after that, they make the money in Cuba. How do you know what they say in Cuba? Have you heard what they said? Of course, a hot family over there. Uh-huh. What do they say? And they talk about USA. It's talk really bad about USA. Like one. Um, but it's no good. Yeah. Why would you want to come here live here? Yeah. I mean, go back to Cuba and do the concert. I agree with you. The riot is no good. Well, let me ask you this. What happens is to make what they're opinion is don't you understand me? Are you really that slow that you don't understand it? Just because you do a concert. It doesn't mean you have to. I understand you. I want to do 100%. Right. But what I don't understand is why those Cubans were there. Relieving back in Cuba. The Cubans not not the one, not the group. The other one. Why wouldn't they do a riot over there? Because they knew that over there, they wouldn't get major kicking F. What would they do that? And then, you know, something. Maybe some of these people here ought to get a major S. K. and straighten their ass out. And go back to disrupting this town. That's correct. Okay. Thank you. Don't you understand what you were saying? You didn't get it. Eeehh. Let me interpret for you. She basically, I mean, she's the lot more words, but she said. Eeehh. Just rationalizing away a bunch of rotest crap that this town is so, and I know I'm speaking for the overwhelming majority of sane people all 40 of us in this town. When I tell you, we have had it. We are tired of this crap. Sick and tired. And whether it's Rudy Giuliani, the little self appointed dictator up there in New York, try to tell people what is art and whether it's a bunch of crazy old Cubans down here in Miami, try to tell people who can perform in this town and who can say whatever they want to say and what they can say were tired of it. Fed up with it. So take all your goddamn protest and your dissatisfaction. If you don't like the way things are done here, then go and do it someplace else like back in Banana Bowl land. And she makes a very good point. I wonder how long these same assholes are out there the other night. How long they'd have been protesting down there in Cuba? They'd have been real quiet and real obedient. Hey, New York. Fuck you. She won your hide in the miracle worker. Despite her handicaps, she left behind a lifetime of achievements. And now, with a discovery of rare audiojays found in a basement somewhere in New Jersey, fifth Jan records makes available to you. Helen Keller sings the blues. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? A series of recordings from the 1950s by Helen Keller herself, wailing out a pound of sounds. Where are you? Two order yards. How do you very thoroughly? And call 1-800. Order now, and get a bonus to the 2-men at Marley Matlin and Johnny Ray. But how long can take a deal? 1-13 at 5-16QM, here's a fact from Bill and Portland, Oregon. And the Oregonian newspaper today, a couple letters to the editor, have a lot of got a columnist E.J. Deon Jr. who had some nasty things to say about Jesse Ventura and his denunciation of organized religions of sham et cetera. Here are two letters to the editor in this morning's Portland, Oregonian newspaper. E.J. Deon Jr. answers anguished whale to the crescendo of denunciation of Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura's Pungent Little Code about organized religion. Well, what is organized religion done like that? You'd be granted absolute immunity in the marketplace of ideas and politics. Is there anything sent about those religions to preach rabbit intolerance of gaze, atheist, evillusiness, even Jews? Is there anything particularly strong minded about those docile flocks of voters who, on the word of their pastors, will rise to give their votes to political prostitutes who promised to write their religious doctrines in a national law even after those same prostitutes have sold them out to corporate giants? Organized religion doesn't deeply, entirely, too large or well in our political life. And for that it must accept the same risk as any other group in politics. Only so long as religion can serve itself solely with helping others, does it deserve the sort of respectful reference that Deon pines for? Not a letter, it says, I read E.J. Deon's commentary no more sermons please revoir in Ventura. Fordinarily I believe Deon's comments are generally thoughtful and informed, this comment attempting to rebutch as you enter his court from a playboy interview, seeing way off his usual track. Deon listed a great catalog of people who made significant impacts on life in general. These individuals were also devout neurologists beliefs. Life for a lot of people was altered because these individuals passed by. What he did not include in his list was that about Muslim who volunteered to drive highly explosive truck into a military berse for the glory of God, or the 11th century Crusader who sang Ferris Lord Jesus while bashing the brains out of children for the glory of Christianity. Know the snappers who killed doctors they believe perform abortions. All of these people were serving their belief in God also. And daily many folk who do not believe in a formal God, visually perform good works, help from those who are having some kind of trouble or pain. How do you like that? A couple letters from Portland, Oregon, newspapers, or they have better things to write letters to the editor about than early bird dinners. 5605060, pound 560 on the ATT line. Here's Atlanta. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I'd like to show. I listen to you every day. Well God bless you sir. One thing is making me sick. The way these fans are kissing Marie knows as today. I mean he's a good quarterback. What does that mean? I mean he's a good quarterback. I mean don't get me wrong. But the message I have to remind me is Jimmy Johnson since Paul Waffio. Oh yeah. What is he done? What is he won? Jimmy has won Super Bowl. No, I'm not talking about here. Well with mediocre quarterbacks in Dallas. He's mediocre quarterback. Trakemen is a mediocre quarterback. He's overrated. Okay. Thank you sir. Don't call us again. We got enough problems down here without some jackball like you from Atlanta call us. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That's the kind of stuff they're worried about. We're talking about all these other things. And that's what they call this radio station to talk about. Is some stupid Jimmy Johnson with that crappy, uh, surprised it here. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes sir. First of all, I can speak objectively. Concerned Jimmy Johnson thing because I just moved down here from Indianapolis a couple of months ago. Yes sir. And watch the game and my heart still with Indian, but I'm not only eventually converted a dolphin fan. I'm sure there'll be an arrest in here. But what I'd like to say is this. First of all, the dolphins won the game yesterday in Spada, Jimmy Johnson. Not because of him. A coach with any brain and a quarterback like them, or you know, wouldn't but the line four times in a row and get stopped every time. Without even changing his call. I mean, that's idiocy instead of good coaching. So the dolphins won the game, but because, uh, or in Spada Johnson, not because of him. He deserves no credit. And for him to, to bedmouth a quarterback like them, or you know, Dan don't need any inspiration from Jimmy Johnson. I know that somebody's just today will be putting that spin on it. Oh, yeah. He lit a fire under my three-foot-os comment and look what he did yesterday. Even in the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard about. He didn't even know if he was to talk to Peyton Manning. I'm sure he had dealt. He was beaten by a much greater quarterback, not by much greater coach. I'm so really correct. And, and another thing, I like to make one final comment. Yes, sir. And, and, and the little excuse for Jimmy, um, there's more horses as this world and the other horses to go on. And Jimmy just won these loose horses as this, that doesn't matter how the horse did attacking himself. Very well said, sir. I couldn't have said it better myself. And, and, and, and, and Neil, keep up the good work. You're one of the few guys that tell things like the faculty is, and still the value and want them to be. And you face reality. And I'll keep watching your show and pray for me. Okay, see you. Keep watching it. I got my eye on it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. How's Miguel doing? Pomp five, six, the only AT&T line. You got all these people walking up and down all. It's fascinating sitting here with a door open. There's just people walking back and working. They're not doing anything. They're just walking back and forth to see if I'll notice him. They hold a piece of paper so it looks like they're taking stuff. By the way, who's that kid from power 96 to one that's not doing that thing between the periods of the, uh, panter games? That real, um, described it. He's indescribable. That's not a reception. It's not, no, no, not Carlos. He's also indescribable. No, don't quit your day job, okay? I mean, I don't want you to take a fence at that, but don't quit your day job. Hmm. Anyway, let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, good afternoon. Yeah, from Miami floor to have the latest couple of those bomb bun. The director from Los Bamban said live on channel 51 that Willie Pino and Thalia Clos saying with Los Bamban down here in Miami. All the friends are going crazy. They're asking, what if you didn't know for a press conference? You'll be hearing it soon. So you heard it here first on WQM on the meal. Roger show. All right. Anybody know what he said? No, thank you so much. Much as grouses. 560 pound, 560 on it. Los Bamban. We all are excited about Los Bamban. I don't care if I ever hear about them again. Okay, go play in San Jose. Everybody leave us alone. Stop, butcher ring this pound. Stop destroying us with your ethnic hysteria. 39 years of hysteria. 40 freaking years now. Of the same boring, tired, dull note. And always sounds the same. Yeah, I think that's more like it. I'm used to the other crap. But the way for your son is. No, no, no, I've got to scream. I don't want to start paying martyr here because I got to drive the dude. I got that paycheck in my pocket. Even though the banks are closed today. That's going Greg. You see, let me tell you how real company works. Well, I'm not talking about here. I'm talking about a real company. See, they have this scam here. Payday is the 10, 25. If the 10th is on a Saturday, you get to check on the Friday preceding. But if the 10th is on a Sunday, then you get on the Monday, which is really the lot of things. Which means you get paid late. Of course, he would tell you, oh, when you were getting really paid early, because you're getting paid from the first to the 15th semester, they even wrote it on my check this time. So I'm supposed to be grateful. Just like Jimmy Johnson ought to be kissing Dan Marino's ass. They ought to kiss me on a yes every day when I come in here. Okay? Or I'll appoint a designated kisser because I sure is all the one off in the air in his lips. I'll appoint a designated kisser who can be waiting to kiss my ass when I show up here every goddamn day. But I'm supposed to be grateful that they're actually coming up with a check. But as I started to say, if it's a real company, they know the banks are closed today. So they give you the check on Friday so you can do your bank and like a mess. Which I couldn't have done that any? Because I was leaving there and going to the airport. But it just would have been a nice gesture on their part. Which they're not interested in nice gestures. They're interested in being desperate and scrambling around to try to cover the checks and cover their ass because they're being big shots with John Henry and Wayne Hapanga. So that Greg Reed can be a sports. Well, I'll tell you what, thank Greg. You're a big shot now, baby. He's on the national wire services. He's got a Howard making a mockery out of. And of course, I always do that like to wish you a win this whole thing came down. And then he makes that brilliant comment. Please don't talk to the people in the media again, Greg. I've never pleased. I'm, we're all begging you. Don't do it. Some of the money raised at the golf tournament went to OJ related expenses. Oh, what kind of a, even if it's true, even if it's true, just, if not lying, would you don't say anything? Not that he would ever lie, of course. You want to say just say nothing. That's our best advice to our general manager when and doubt. Say nothing. Please. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, you had it up with those blind blams? Yeah, it was Bambam. This is a Bambam. Bambam. Bambam. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. Yes. I listened to Real quick. I wanted to recommend a book to you. Yes. Getting out of all this thing about bland blams and renal. Yes. It's called the Duck Fathers Legacy. Are you got a label? I got it. You know, it's not in the movie and especially that Michael Corrio family. It's not in part two. Right. I'm going to all the things we got in there. It's only family and family three hours of the head of a bunch of people hanging from it. Exactly. Exactly. That's great that you have it. And really enjoy the release. Okay. If anybody else can get a hold of it, we're going to have it. Enjoy. Okay. I have a real life. Bye. 560 pound. Let's see how line four is doing by the way. Sorry. You're a father. You can see a little fire. Long distance calls. You know, one thing that I really respect our program director for. You know, see most guys. If we had all these different problems going out the same time, the center one CDs all screwed up and the phones all fall in the part. And just all of these things. Most guys would just go ahead and take their vacation days anyway. You know. Oh, he did. He did just bail out here when all the stuff was going on. And you know, we're trying to get this 800 number nailed down. So we can finally, you know, get them, get it in here. If we live long enough instead of this stalling routine, I keep the stone walling that goes on here. See, they really is a very sad situation because like I've told you many times before, I know I'm repeating myself, but I enjoy doing it because it's true. The people that really were, you know, the morning guys here, yours truly tank in the afternoon, 6 a.m. And of course the underlings that run around here like George and the whole bunch of other people. For the ones that make this place tick. For the ones that are keeping their head above water, so that they can play these little games. Of boosting Greg's ego, being Mr. Sports Big Shot. But it pains some of us greatly, greatly, that we have to scramble and scrape to survive because we have to stuff all of this money in the John Henry's pocket. I mean, Wayne with the dolphins, I'm sure we probably make money. In fact, I know we must make money. And listen, come back from the airport yesterday. I have never in my life the extra point is sponsored on our dolphin broadcast. Jim, for says, this extra point is brought to you by whoever was. Yeah, this kickoff is brought to you by. Oh, look at that, Danny just scratched his cross. This cross adjustment is brought to you by. And then we can have one of those limp-up penis spots on there, you know. Everything, the kickoff, everything pop because we got to pay all that money. To have the rights to put this wonderful stuff on the air. Of course yesterday's game was on television, wasn't it? Oh, so maybe there were a few of us in our cars, like yours truly that heard the most of the fourth quarter on the radio. Nice going everybody, wait a minute, Tim, about time you've worked up a little bit. I must be crazy, I must be nuts. Oh! Oh! You've got a lot of folks in your rich, you're there. Wayne, I think you suck you son of a bitch. Wayne, you made a lot of money by ripping off a spitsle of a fan. I think it's true that way down to you, you'll always be your garbage man. And now the mornins are in my place. Wayne, I'd like to punch you right in the face of right Wayne. A lot of people want a bum and at the mention of your name. You take good things and prove when it. I know just why you're too thin it. We know where he's get a scrolling with Wayne. You really put us down in the dumps. Wayne, you played a song for me, you leaked jumps. Wayne, you're gonna sell the mornins and you will collect the pocket. It's kind of strange that now somebody else is thinking of your trash. You're a bald and talk-mark head to me, Wayne. Oh, I'd like to give you a rest of it, Jackson. Let go. Wayne, you're not deep, bro. Shut all the shit, Justin, that the show's a lack of brain. I don't care what you buy yourself. Don't weigh up to this business, pal. I wish that you would go to hell Wayne. Wayne, I think the screw you. All right. 32 at 5.60 WQM. Pulled tax for stadium has got few fans. Okay, K-Chimist this year today. It's come sent no. 81% said no. They're not paying no money for a goddamn stadium for this millionaire John Henry by way of Wayne. I think of. And 62% said, oh, even if they just put a tax on hotel rooms. No more money for minigin' air is okay and billionaires. To build them play toys. Of course, they also don't want to pay any money for schools, but they didn't take that poll yet. 5.6705.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami Lake, silo. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, I went to a concert this weekend on Saturday. Yes. You're with the most frightening thing I've ever seen in my life. You went to Los Bonbambam? Yes, I did. I went with my last camera. Oh my God. Yeah. And let me tell you, we thought we could dig you with it. Outside on the stairs, but people were throwing bottles. It was unbelievable. It was really scary. Are you throwing bill bills? It was really dirty. I really need one. I mean, probably got a pretty good collection already. Yeah, I do. Uh-huh. I can't say it. Well, anyway. Yeah. It was scary. Why the hell would you go in a middle of a, when you knew it was going to be a nightmare? Well, that kind of music really turns us on. A lot of gay people like that music. They do? Yeah, they do. So I'm maybe that's what it was all about. Maybe the Nave 18 to the Castro, maybe it was a medical thing. I think it was. I mean, it's the kind that just won't make sure. I think they tell you how to bring it to you with it. Yeah, well, okay. Well, say how to we'll Smith. Okay. Fake call. 560, 560, 550, 560 on the AT&T line. Well, I just want to see how far she could stretch it. So to speak. She's getting jiggy with it. She's getting jiggy with it. Oh, God. You and your lesbian lover. I think your lesbian lover is running that place over at queer channel. Last time I checked. Here's the Carl Gable. Hello. Hi, sir. Hi, Neo. This is Stefano. Uh-huh. Yes, I love your show. I love your voice. Yes, okay, Stefano. And I have a nice time on days of our lives. Two, Stefano. 560, 560. We got all of a sudden here 5,000 empty lines. All of a retards. All of the people are just from, and you know, I want to say something to them. Let I got a spare moment here. See, the biggest problem in this town in Dave County isn't the old crazy Cuban, because we all know where they're coming from. And how they're going to react to this. It's predictable as the weather is in North Pole. The problem is all the rest, the younger humans who either are intimidated, who got nothing to say. They sit back and they watch it. And most have obviously don't agree with it because they take pulls on this stuff. But the fact is, they silently sit back and they let a small handful of craze. All a handful of crazy people sit this very grotesque and ugly stereotype. And they're not going to say anything because I've been trying to get them to speak for years. They got nothing to say. You're the problem. Not the old crazy people. You're the problem because I don't know what it is that they're into. I don't know what it is that their lives are all about. But a tourist house got nothing to do with, you know, embarrassment factor. I guess maybe the lack of those of us here at work at QAM. Our embarrassment quotient doesn't exist. It's infinity. You know, when you come to work here, you've got to accept that. I was lying forward to one by the way. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Okay, long gone. North Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Have you been good day so far? Yes, sir. Anyway, let's remember this thing here. And I'm one of your more normal college. I'm going to start real normal to me. Thank you very much. But the Miami Dolphin, this fan, I'm not real sports fan. And this is not a real sports town. Okay. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Beper Pines. Hello. Yes, sir. All right. I say, Jesse, the body of a driver got me a president. All right. That's what I say. I'm going to vote 400 times for him. I think I'll tell you what. I'd run his damn campaign down here for him if he let me. Mm-hmm. Screw all the rest of them. Okay. Thank you. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Cooper, city, hello. Yeah, I haven't heard of any. Van Phone, call me back. I'll tell you one thing between the phones coming in and the phones going out. I think we're generally out of business here at QAM. I think it's history, baby. It is history. Kindle, hello. New. Yes, sir. I'm in the phone room to be horrible. I've been trying to get through for the longest time. It's been busy. Yeah, well, we had a lot of calls. And of course, we got six hundred lines that don't work. But anyway. You know, did you get my facts about the girl getting suspended? Yes, sir. I got the 17 copies of the fact that you sent. And the fact that I didn't read it on the year. Now, it has obviously provided you into calling. And if I would have cared about, I would have read it on the year in the first place, which I'm not. I can't verify it anyway. See, I don't read things like that on the year that have names of schools and people's names. I don't do that because you can make up any kind of crap you want. So you can keep factoring it and wasting your time and wasting our facts paper, but I'm still not going to read it. How do you like that? 5, 6, 7, 5, 60. I'm going to tell you something. You people at Bell South. Alexander Graham Bell is rolling in his grave. He's embarrassed by your incompetence, by your ineffitude, by your just general. I mean, is there a big storm going on today? No. Is there like the end of the world? No. I'm not going to get out of there. Are they all working now? Hey, now they're waiting to go home. The four lines all were. I bet you two are clocked as percius and thanks. Gonna be doing a show out of the shoelas out of the building. I bet they get the AC working into a clock. Oh, yeah. But I also bet that I might be home sick from this tomorrow. This is 5, 60. You way out. All right. Okay. In blow. What day? It's a ball. There ain't none. Shut up, please. It's a race that it can help you and me. And it's all for my life. I'll keep the four against and we all know. I'll set your chance when you're class at home. You might feel it or don't do it well. I'll be on the other side of the ocean. It's a circle of things. It's our coming back. But I'll be with you. I bet that I can't let go. I bet that I can't let go. I bet that I can't let go. I think that's the second of that mistake. There may be this one. I don't know what that's all about. 16 until 2 at 5, 60. Two men can't understand what they're saying on somebody's lines at all. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. They must have been Jimmy's boyfriend calling in. You think so? I'm not a lucky domain for that voice before. I don't like getting them off full. Here's a mobile in Papino. Yes, sir. I know you heard enough about the whole fear of war kept the code. But Bobby Bowdoin kind of plays. Why would he even be discussing that anymore? Well, because if he was on a file and we're in gold, chain and earrings, I mean, as still maybe people feel for those. I mean, work for ice cream. That's what I say. Okay, thanks. More sports. This sports show is starting in at 2 o'clock. Okay, start with your sports crap. I've been to an opera here. Save me the pain. Makes my gums ache. Hearing this crap. Here's Hi, Leo. Hello. Yeah, new. Yes, sir. Yeah, first time calling. Uh-huh. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yeah, my phone's working better now. Okay. Hey, I got to agree with you. You know, first thing is, well, we got to talk about the dolphins. We're in now all week with these sports animals. Yeah, I'm just saying, you know, it only shows they bash him for a week when they lose. I hear listening to these people, I got no credibility. I've been telling you about that for the sports. And it turned on his morning. And they're all like, I'll believe he's like nothing happened. All right. Like, you know, but he said, and this crap, you can't sweep it under the carpet. All time, or isn't that bad? And how about Jimmy the bet? I think I heard the little douchebag dog say something or one of the best apologies it gives. Because he said, well, maybe I said the wrong thing. I mean, come on. Maybe I said the wrong thing. I don't know. I couldn't hear what his press conference was yesterday, but he basically almost said he was sorry for saying something. I think I know what he said. Yeah, I think he said, didn't I do a great job? Yeah, Jimmy. You know, he can play with his people on the sidelines. He's playing with all right. He's a silly person. The pan was a pretty good, you know, Saturday night. I thought, I mean, you see him under your way. I think I lost, but they came back. I mean, yeah, that's what I said. Well, it's wrong with that against Detroit. They're on the feet. They're on feet and they got five points in three. And it's really not happening. And these people are still belly. They're all cruise will. You know, I mean, this town is so goddamn negative. It's a miracle we can survive. Problem is, this Chris will, they signed them. We're stuck with them. They are going to force feed them down. You know, up our rectum. I don't pay any attention. I'm okay. I go out there and look for the good stuff. I don't even see him. I'll tell you what, though. I got that little dish and watching those rest of those hockey games. Oh, my God. What, what? That's the way to go. Okay, pal. We have a break up. In closing. Jimmy Johnson's a douchebag. Oh. Here's a call in the keys, hello. I thought you weren't doing the douchebag thing anymore. No, no, no. We're not doing these. They didn't ask you as he can call somebody. A cat called Jimmy Johnson's a douchebag. Yes. In that case, we're making exception. Anybody else want to call him a douchebag? I'll call him a douchebag. Go ahead, I'm sure. Okay, stand up. What's wondering. You spoke at the beginning of the program. About. World over population. Yes. And they got lost. I wonder why nobody called in. I mean, well, you want to why. Nobody called in about what. What do I ever talk about that they do call in a book? I read the Jesse Ventura about 80% of the interview from playboy, which I'm sure. And here from the heat. I read about that article. They never come and I've been doing this show for a hundred years in a stuff. They never have anything to comment about. That what do they call about about Janie and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. I need to work to pay retail for some jewelry. Right. These are the things that are important to these long kids here. Well, I do appreciate it. And I think like I said before, I do the show for the listeners, not for the colors believe me. Trust me when I tell you. I. I. Uh. Uh. You need me lose my. Well, you know, that's my point. I don't know. I don't know. I guess. Yeah. Well, the guy is a great book. Did you ever read Eshmel? No. By Daniel Quinn. The little more comprehensive. I wish you'd read it. And maybe. Share your thoughts on it. Yeah. It's a book. I just did it off and read it again. It really is good. I'll pray for you. Have a good day. Good bye. Please. 5. 670. 560. Any word on at the 800 line yet? No. What are they going to bring us the selection of numbers that we can approve? So they can hold you as far as I know that part is not. That is not was not a memo from our program director before he went on his bus mentality. It said that they're going to bring us the ones, the phone companies researching and find out which ones are available. And then I got to pick out which one we want. And then it's going to be another 500 years from circus after that until I just started installing and installing and installing and installing even on Christopher Street in New York that I've ever stolen while like this. Yeah, I saw our engineer Widenwood Widenwood on the hall right at the phones and not working in the ACs. Not working. We can't have the cable laying in. Nothing. Nothing is working in this guy damn joint except the paid help. Not that I'm belly aching you understand. I'm just venting a little bit. 6 billion people in the world. If there be one of them who can fix a guy damn air conditioner. 6 billion freaking people can we find one. I'm going to find out the name of these air conditioning people by the way that are doing this building. I'm going to put it on the ear to more. I may do a whole four hours on them. Oh, they're on the way. Oh, they're on the way. Yeah, they're on the way from San Jose, I think. I think you're on a slow boat from China is where they're from. Maybe they're coming along with those banana boats and they had a weight to pick up some more illegal aliens so they can all wash up on sure to go to. Maybe that's it. Yeah, I think so. They could have put in a whole guy damn new air conditioning unit less time than this because almost this morning guys they had a problem in here was hot, but not this room here. I get the jackpot. See, this is practice for hell. I think you got a good point about that. They all know I'm going to burn in hell, so this is a little bit of practice makes perfect. The practice coming to work at QA, I think was good practice for hell. 242 at the 560. This is 560. QAL.