The Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami-Port Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for David Rarrant or pound 560 on your cellphones. The opinions of Neil his guest's callers are anyone else on the show to not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily revack positions or the PC broadcast group now. The Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more talents than his right-foot than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple head, you stupid fact-faggot. I had a chicken in K. When they shoot you away to teach you a lot of weather, moon is blue. It's blue, blue. Like with our right-wing censorship, there I work in Musonship sweater. To teach you how I feel barking. So, let's keep this hand here to you. Now see you with G.O.W.A. to the Dallas U.C.K. Teller, I'm the service-mate and the FCC won't be seeing this. So, on nightrobes you say, how is the K? Take your hand, gently say, back through this transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old. So, anyway, that bitch that called yesterday, she's a star now. Okay, I was in the car. So, anyway, that bitch that called yesterday, she's a star now. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour of the listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more talents than his right-podent and you'll ever have. And he's not a pineapple head, you stupid fact-faggot. Yeah, so what's your point honey? Oh, that was, you know, yesterday on this show we had two calls that, and that was one of them. But we're just so astonishing and so amazing. Everything that's wrong with the human race. And everything that's wrong with talk radio. First of all, her, which he doesn't have any idea what she's talking about. I talked to Nick on a phone last night by the way, and he said, You were an ugly slut, as what he said. And he wouldn't touch you. He wouldn't touch you with Kevin's hand. But at any rate, boy. And the best part of it is that she was in tears and hysterical when she first called. That's what George said. She was like losing it. And then the second call, which I think preceded, that that was right toward the end of the show yesterday, the psychotic bitch. And you got no, by the way, Nick said you got no chance. And in the case of the same ditto. But the other call that came early in the show, and it's again a classic example of what goes on. And of course, a lot of people who pretend to be talk show people will let this stuff go on the year and they'll pursue it. And you know, some wild rumor. It was a guy who sounded like dark-complexed to me. I want to give you that dark-complexed business, but he sounded like dark-complexed to me the collar. Giving you the breathless news that he just saw on Channel 10 News about the school teacher that's been charged in the sex case with a 14 year old boy and all these other kids. And a cocaine and a car and all these things. And assuming, of course, assuming it, even though he only heard a little piece, assuming it was one of the teachers in the year rate on the second on the, what you call it, clubs. On the swing clubs. And I say, well, I really find it hard to believe. And when you find out a little bit more, when you know what you're talking about, call us back. Click it. That was the end of the call. And of course, you never did call us back and come to find out was this, was this teacher from the Silver Lake Middle School, was she one involved in the other thing? No, she was not. But again, that's the kind of irresponsible jackass you have. Thank you so much, Tommy. That, you know, we'll call up a talk show and just back that, I thought, I don't know what they're talking about. In fact, I guarantee if you listen to the talk show is any talk show. This station, any station 90% of people are calling, haven't got any idea what they're talking about. So it's up to the host, the middleman, the Pimp. It's up to us to like try to, well, you know, referee in between and figure out who might actually know what they're talking about, which this guy did not. In fact, you all in a policy. But you do have to understand that this is also part of the American way. The assumption is automatic. The assumption is absolutely automatic that if somebody is involved in some kind of a sexual scandal, then any other sex story that comes down to Pike, it must be them. Swing clubs, oh yeah, well she must have been doing 14 year old kids, students, etc. and so on. Well, we're right. No, sorry, sorry, pal. Sorry, my misinformed, dark and plucked listening friend. Well, you expect me to eat this stuff by the way? Huh? Oh my god, seriously. This is a joke, isn't it? I might try the tomato. Oh, oh god. Oh yeah, straight in the old bucket, are you kidding me? Just a ****. It put it in the bucket. That's what I say. Man, you don't think I would eat that crap. Yeah, my dog wouldn't eat that. But thanks for the effort, anyway. I'm not going to say anything about it. Not yet. I'm also, of course, that is, I don't get those dolphin tickets. Where is Fat Boy? Why the way with those tickets? Oh, I'm going to post it bring me today. You know, this is the kind of crap that goes on in this place. Here is a guy that generally speaking, we're not too fond of the begin with. At least you're a gates of Mike poison. I don't care. He's a little bit of fun during the hockey scene with his sabers bull crap, you know? Because your mind's been a direct generappy for a while, the weight and the suspenders. And it comes limping in here, you know, on Fat Boy. But came in here begging for the dolphin buffalo bills tickets today that I had my season tickets sitting here, those primo seats that I got and my purple preferred parking pass. And you all, I'll pay for them, whatever you want. And we're not even batting an eyelash being the great guy that I am. I just reached to the top probably, I pulled off the dolphin bills tickets. I reached into my parking pass, didn't there? Pulled out the parking pass. Here we go, Fat Boy. I don't want anyone to forward here you go. Because I happen to be a great guy. I asked this Fat Putwacker for a little bit of a favor. For a guy who works out there at MIA, one of my porter friends out there at the airport who practically beg me hasn't been a little dolphin game in about 100 years. I want to go to a game. I said, hey, I'll work on a no problem after all. We're the dolphin station. Okay, pal, what ever you need? Okay, pal, pal. That's Fat Boy, okay. On two legs. And not walking too well these days either kind of watering sideways. Must be those rough trips to higher lea. That must be what's getting to him. So when I tell my tickets Fat Boy and by the way, that's stuff in a waste basket. I'm serious. That's... Oh my god. And you're eating it. That's the worst part. I'm not pulling the meat out of it. Yeah, the bread is really stale and wet. How can you achieve that? That is the worst crap that has ever come into this building. It is. We could bring stuff from the dumpster, you know, where the old forests are in a condo building next door. We could bring stuff from their dumpster that's been there since last year, who was. And I guarantee that it'll be a fresher and probably tastier than that soil that you got on that plate right now. I wouldn't consider touching that. Hey, anyway, so we got this story. And I'm sure that probably somewhere out in Radio Land, there'll be, you know, this reminds me of the story in the New England wasn't in Boston or the teacher who remembers she had a 14 or 15 year old kid and he killed her husband because, yeah, because they were madly in love. And she said, hey, it'll be a good idea to get him out of the way. Okay, whatever you say, honey. And then, of course, in Seattle, wasn't up there somewhere in the Great Northwest in the Northeast in the Northwest. That's where they got the problems. Up there in a Great Northwest, we had the school teacher and they put it in the slamer for dealing with the, the minor and then they let her out and she's dealing again. And every time she gets out on probation, they're dealing again. Now, the sad part about this one. I mean, the whole story is really sick. Hollywood resident Beth Friedman. Boy, boy, boy. Was charged with three counts of indecent assault. They haven't found her yet, by the way. She's supposed to be turning herself in, but as of the morning news this morning, I like the news stations. She hadn't turned herself in yet. Three counts of indecent assault took count of an awful sexual activity with a minor and one count of contributing to the delinquency of a child. And we'll get into the whole story here because it's really sort of in growth test. But I bet you're the somebody out there will probably defend it. Somebody who also finds a disgusting and nauseating that the adults, I went to the swim club with other adults behind closed doors and private. And by the way, it reminded me during the break to tell you about my call from Norm Kent yesterday, who didn't hear my comments on the air, obviously. About how great it would be if he did some lorrying on some of the things that I asked him to do like months ago, because he was the busy talking to MSNBC that they wanted me to be on the air to discuss this swim club thing. Oh, god. You know, it must be nice to be famous. Right Norm, must be nice to be famous and the desperately wanted to talk about stuff that to. And I'm going to say after 10 at 5 60 WQM yesterday, they're on the weather tunnel, that even though we haven't had a big hurricane here yet this year, it's looking really grim between now and the end of hurricane season. Well, you actually put some of that in your mouth. Look at that. George find the basket. Uh oh. Told ya. How you airing like this? Where's my soup? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, she got no friends to say that she put it up with his one night snack. Uh oh. Did she forgot all the bells? With me, there's a mistake to see now. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop at any odd. I can tell you. Because every wonder of that is enough. And she will run run run run down the road. Don't understand the people. Hey, you run run to the sort of stuff. Well, we've got all the mom that hit the door with this one. Turn around now. Now she acted the size if you made it. It's fine. You think it's a real result. You're too bad. But that's just on the mirror. Did he touch you? Look at the person who broke your nose. You're not allowed to. You should say I will run run run. Tell the owner, tell the owner, tell the people. Hey, run run to the sort of stuff. He will run run run run run run and together brothers. P some of your five sick U.S. By the way, just remember all your kids out there. The American F and Wayne baby. It's not so bad to get blown away. But it's real evil to get blown. Just keep that in mind. So anyway, getting back to this story. Teacher charged in team Sex Case Police Issue, Warren for Rest Hollywood already consumed by a messy ethical misconvocation. Not one but count on two, Howard County teachers. School board officials were dealt another crisis, below. Can we say that? No. On Wednesday, when state prosecutors charged a silver-like middle school teacher with having sex with one of her students, Hollywood resident Beth Friedman 40. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, was charged with three counts of indecent assault, two counts of unlawful sexual activity with the minor and one count of contributing to the eloquency of a child. All but the last count are felonase of Carrier maximum sentence of up to 15 years each, if she's convicted, said Sergeant Roni Mangins, folks to spokesman for the Hollywood police department. Police official to more for arrest as late Wednesday and at end this morning, Friedman and not turn yourself into Hollywood police. The charges follow on investigation of Friedman that began after a parent father complaint against her and the June 13th complaint, the parents son told police that he started having sex with Friedman two years ago when it was 14. Oh, and in her seventh grade class. Police said that the relationship ended in June when the team was 16 because of the zade police would not disclose the names of the parent or the student. Although his mother was on the with the face not shown this morning, looking very anorexic this morning on a channel seven news, which I don't lost by the way, but I did see it. Silver likes middle principal William Bell said Friedman is panicking to let the Northwaterdale school reside in August for he declined to come at further. Broward County school district spokesman Joe Donzelley said Friedman did not have contact with his students after the June 13th complaint school at a June 17th, how convenient. One former student of Friedman expressed disbelief on hearing of the charges. I never really thought that she did that because she was always the nicest teacher. Don't you love hearing those things? That's what he said. That's what the other kid said too. She was so nice. God was she nice. Well, there's a great land in here which I'll get to. But it's always like Ted Bundy was such a nice guy, you know. Yeah, seriously. God, these were such nice people. David Berkowitz, my God, a mild mannered guy. Larry King's got his tongue still stuck in his back room. Anyway, I never really thought she'd do that because she was always the nicest teacher said Rachel Abbott was an eighth grade or it's Silver likes middle last year. She was different than the other teachers. She let people bring candy and chewing gum and stuff. She let people bring candy. How do you like that? I'll get to it. I'll find it on here somewhere. What was your favorite line? Want a lot right top? Little boy. She was different than the other teachers. It says she let people bring candy and chewing gum and stuff and you can tell the way they tried to have fun with the kids. It says. And evidently they agreed. Yes. Only one problem with while there are a lot of problems with it because we get into drugs and the car and all the other stuff. But there's one question she should have been asking. How young is too young? David Bogun's shots a four-later day of attorney representing Friedman said she walked it was office on Wednesday requested representation. I'm not going to come out of the specifics of this case to live an opportunity to look at what the state has he says. I can only confirm that I will represent a resuming she needs it and guess what? David, she needs it. The charges came one day after the school more voted this is spent. And it goes on to think about the teachers with a swing club as if somehow that's got some relationship which of course it does not. But the word sex is involved there so naturally everybody's up and arms. School official space is similar case in 1997 and two hyper high coaches were charged with having sex with a 15 year old student in 1995. 15. How young is too young? According to a police the silver-laced middle team said that he had sex with Friedman that she regularly gave him marijuana. Okay marijuana we're not too upset about that. I actually see end cocaine. Are we upset about that? Yes. Two other teams who gave statement said they received drugs and gifts from Friedman. One youth associated with Friedman was given a car which I think this is the one that they were talking about but they don't know that in the Sun Sentinel police said. Parents of another team said they think they're still at sex with Friedman they intended pursue the matter. Residents of Emerald Oaks the condominium complex where Friedman lived said adolescent boys frequently stayed denied a Friedman's house said Hollywood police detective Kurt Novartro. And Franco president of the Emeralds condominium association said two adolescent boys and another woman thought to be in her 40s lived a Friedman's home for several months until June the condominium board told Friedman they had to move her out because they were not related to her she had to move them out when it not moved them out. If these allegations are true I'm sorry for her and I'm sorry for the kids Franco said but I'm especially sorry for the school system it's another black eye for them another slap in the post for them. She tried to have fun with the kids is what it said she succeeded. Yeah she succeeded. The horror said the 19 year old man recently told him that he had sex with Friedman three years ago which would have made him 16 also a minor of course. She ought to move the Pennsylvania the miners are big there I can Pittsburgh police suspect other former students had similar relationships with the teacher and asked at any moment information contact investigators with a number here which you can get in the newspaper. So there you go there's the story there is the story of a lovely lady I mean I mean here we go 40 year old teacher she did a little 14 and 15 and 60 year old 16 year old students and given them drugs and violent kid cars I guess maybe when she bought the one kid at car and he was like 14 or 15 because I think all 14 year old kids out there need a car you know what I'm saying yeah I mean you know it's never too early to have one because the sooner later it'll be legal for you to drive it or even just drive it you know just for practice and to get your license and evidently he was driving it a lot and a car too. What a great story huh. To these are the kind of people if it were me if you just asked me and I found out that all these allegations were substantiated of course which would take about five minutes I guess I would say okay 15 years on each count sounds about right to me what other 10 counts 150 years sounds real good to me. Doesn't that give you a great confidence and doesn't also make you one how the parents can be like so oblivious oh yeah school teacher because we know they make all that big money and all school teachers I know when I was going to school all the teachers were buying all the kids cars for a commonplace was it no sure Corvette XKE's ML kind of good stuff here's a call in Miami hello. Me I don't. Yes sure. Yeah come come here away from that. I'm going away from that. Did you solve the news last night all the weathermen including your dog no are having orgasms on the TV because they got two tropical depression. Oh no yeah one just came off of Africa and they already jumping up and now saying it's probably a tropical storm later on. And it's all about why is it that somebody that promised we have originally in Africa and then they're going to be two weeks away from us. Uh huh and they're now saying well I've given notice that there's so many of the things that devastate this country they start in Africa and then they want to go over here or where they were. They work their way west yeah. I'm going to say they're jumping up because they're a duo in us. This guy is falling this guy is falling. Yeah I mean they're just jumping up and now. I'm surprised that Dom because he's easily the level headed one maybe it's just desperate for ratings on channel 10. He was even there. He was surprised because I never watched him. He was the first story in last night's news on channel 10. Yeah. Chop one of the truffings. Oh my god. Oh well. Okay well band down a hatch is pat. Yeah. And if that work comes not gonna have to do our kickers and stuff. Where is my dolphin tickets Mr. Raton's a fun? Oh boy he is something. I told you I will not do that commercial. We've already passed the word along there. I will not advertise for places that provide food that this yout food like that. Okay that is inedible. That's the third three strikes in your out. Okay you're out. You had it. Tenito. So I need to do as a associate my name with a place like that where we're throwing the food in the waist back. Getting people are like barfing their guts out here. Nice going fat boy. You know how to find them. See a highly a sweetheart. Yeah. When you're gonna get that you went on here maybe you can get a trade out. It is on here. Oh like I said he's probably got one. 560 50560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Come on. Let's get pissed off and part up today. Let's get that girl that called yesterday. She was mean apology. The shfarts of that call in yesterday trying to tie this teacher this bed freedman and say that she was the one for he owes her an apology. Michael Nail he still owes Dave Halberstein and apology. It's apology Thursday here at QAM. Let's go. And right now we want to apologize for something even though it's not my fault. Yeah I want to apologize for that. To a clock this afternoon, hang out there in San Diego you know doing the ZSP end stuff because we always come second because TV of course is first I understand that Humper and manages out there so we couldn't have him. It is desperate as we are and again Bluff Lindsey put a note in here said please apologize to the a care audience for my puttin. Cheers to Gagon. On the air today between two and four three was bad enough last night seven to ten which I didn't hear. Although you know something like I've said before the sports nerds I heard a little bit of Zim for yesterday. I've always told you this with a sports nerd. It makes no difference who they put on. They don't have to beg for calls like I do every day here with this great highly rated show. They don't have to beg for people to have verbal intercourse with them because it's the same bunch of nerds. What do you think about that linebacker with the biking? Let me bet you know and it's the most unbelievable. All they need is somebody there to respond whether it's a monkey whether it's whatever it is. Yeah even him like I said monkey mouth. So he'll be on from two to four thirty and we apologize deeply for that. I mean that's probably the most embarrassing thing in the history of this radio station. Then we got Clarence Dero and Orlando Elzigeri going to be on after that from four three to six and then we got six to eight hurricane the Herkuh and Hotline. And managed from San Diego eight to ten o'clock tonight the Ahmed dog. Yeah we need a little bit of respectability back to the radio station eight to ten tonight. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir turn that radio officer because I know it's going to be a short call that nevertheless. Okay it sounds like one of our chronicles yes. I'll just think I have a question for you. What do you think about these seats that uh uh uh they got suspended because uh okay five six seven oh five six to five five six you want to think about a blanket okay he's got a bad headache too okay get with a program okay Julio get with it get a little update stick your head into the internet just stick your head in it or just stick your head in your back to find out what's going on in the world jackass five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one I'm still waiting for those two apology calls and I also end the apology from Sherry and Boca. Remember Sherry and Boca with her disgusting letter a couple of days ago sucking around, sucking around, sucking around, and then hitting me up for back feed boy tickets with that on half four. Did she ever call her apologize? Oh straightener record out? Oh no. God I'm embarrassed for some of you people I really am. You're so irresponsible you're behavior is just so unacceptable and then you just uh run away from it. Just like Michael Holda Mayo what a jackass. Oh there's that ugly Christina Aguilar I hate to break the news you guys but uh loosen the grip okay she is really grow test 26 past ten at five sixty wqa and a lun so you're so big tell me that quelqu Wait Just something to keep inside Yeah baby Can I open my mouth and nothing else Just promise me that it's been said Didn't come down No think this I'm taking it for your hand It's just a pleasure to be here I don't feel like it got me in To find a better room Because I don't want to Let's be just me I don't miss a few times But did you get a good job I'm going to be through And I want to be you too To stay in the world of peace It's a 32 or 5, 16 WKM We won't get any comments about the school teacher Doing these 14 and 50 year old kids Because obviously everybody out there is just in Lala land They don't care about these things They're indifferent They're actively episodeic I talked to somebody about the yesterday And I said you know what? You're effin right And I said FNA And I said okay, have a nice day Here's a mobile and highly Hello Okay sir I'm calm about that I mean if I was 14 I wish my teacher would have done that But I'm not saying it's right I'm just saying I wish I was him Yeah I think I'm going to adopt that ed I'm going to support her today Just because that's the only way I'll get any response But if it made me, they're parents They don't know We were doing the way where you should Fund when he's out screwing the teachers And doing drugs and doing all the stuff I think I think that the day he drives up with a new car I think that's the point of which I'd start getting just a little bit concerned Little suspicious as in Well where did that come from Johnny? You know Um, did you listen to FNA? I'm sorry for about two minutes And I immediately got that CD raw Just cranked him there Somebody called about 20 more And then, each And when I listened to the deep out And, uh, going in the morning People just trying to make up so much Or, yeah, I really don't think you knew what he was doing And then, I was like, yeah, I can't wait How about if they just let all the testimony Which is doing right now Come out and see what happens in court And what the jury decides And then we'll talk about it But just like this guy who calls in yesterday Pre-assuming that the story about this teacher He headed with the teachers from the swing club Everybody wants to rush to judgment They want to convict people on a year And, uh, we don't do that on this show It's amazing And of course, Jim for being up there in Philadelphia He has got the foggyest idea What's going on with Tony Martin or with any way He's got a better chance in all what's going on with He's got a better chance in all of his pieces But if this happened to be getting out, it's good to be in the other So I get to the fan of you Could be one? He said it's good to hear a meal again I guess you heard you while he was going on Oh, yeah, because they have the phone line hooked up Or if I didn't have that, I would have really ripped him an ass And, could see that you're out? Can't touch Britney Spears Ah, and she, I'm telling you, she's scankey I know a lot of people out there are really wounded When I tell you that, but she's bad You wouldn't touch her with somebody else's eyes Yeah, this guy tried to tell me it's going to go Oh, she must be very rich anyway He's got his hottest last year's eyes, okay? Can I hear a smoke to go in please? Okay, thank you See ya, okay, we're going to talk about marijuana The impact we're going to be distributing some out here on the corner 441 We're sending Santa Sham out to do something constructive Instead of going out there with a bunch of stupid Marlins tickets that nobody wants like he tried to pull yesterday And I wouldn't put it on here And by the way, San, you're out, okay We don't need, we're not going to waste our time with you anymore You don't promote this radio station Either the horses asked job on this golf tournament Which I took the end everybody on the year took the heat for Because you're not doing your job And we know that you got, you know, a permanent scholarship Because you're kind of like part of the family They're great reading the buddies and the got someish But we understand that But that doesn't mean that we're going to get involved in it or put up with it And by the way, in the weekend, he said he wouldn't touch you with somebody else's toes, okay? Or shouldn't have said toes, Joel get upset With his anti-foot fetish What's wrong with the nice pair of feet? Hmm, huh? You know, I bet you has real good feet Nick from 98 degrees, but he's got great feet Well, I'm going to say some, some, I like some really Yeah, no, I'm not going to say that What do I care? I'm not going to say you're going to pretend to be some kind of a Head-a-row sexual guy, I think I'm going to pretend And I only said that because of Nick from 98 degrees Instead of Nick, I could have said Nick Carter's probably got real nice feet But then that bitch is out, Gene Nick Carter's got more hair on his feet Then you'll ever have on your head Some stupid thing like that Did you call him to apologize yet? Oh no, just shooting from the hips, shooting off her lips Doesn't even know I know more about Nick Carter's We'd art, I'm a bigger fan, he don't even know what they And January's his birthday, okay? That bitch got all my time going to tell Nick about her too And if you show up at the concert to September 15 at the macarina We'll make sure your ugly ass gets kicked out before the concert starts We'll make sure we'll find out where you're sitting on it You nasty obnoxious bitch Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Now, yes sir, how are you this morning? Great, okay, I have a couple of points for you first of all Don't think that I see wrong with those shoes doing We're giving the kids to them, she wants to have sex with them Go ahead, have sex with them Thanks What 15, 16, okay, we don't want to have sex with a couple of his teachers Yeah And second of all, if you believe Yeah, that's the only thing I would agree with it The story, you know, it happens it does happen But when we get to the cocaine part, that's when I got upset The marijuana part didn't bother me But the cocaine part, that's where I'd rather the white line Yeah, I mean, we'll try with her having sex in a joint And something out of all, man This is a man This is right here, she tried to have foam of the kids That's right, this is what we came through this country for Yeah, second of all I think some of the ties seem like it's behind this Yeah, if the problems are coming in from Africa You know, these storms are all these things that come in by day Send them all back, get down on them That's the problems back to Africa, okay, pal, we're going to work on that today Ha ha ha ha We're setting all the problems back to Africa It's what we're going to do Because even our dark, complexed friends would agree There a lot of bad stuff comes here from Africa 560560 pound, 560 on the mobile one line But I got to have some soup today I can't get rid of this cold man I cannot get rid of this thing This little bit of a raw throat, little scratch A little bit of a nasal And my nose, how come nobody is coming in that all week Are they trying to be polite? My nose looks like WC fields on a bad day All red and p-oh, can you see that? Not as bad today So maybe I'm getting a little bit better But that scratchy throat got us at an oi Or of course it could be allergies Let's do is a doctor in today So what do you think? Any other guys out there like to have their teacher going down on them and doing these things? Huh? She's just trying to show the kids a good time There were a couple teachers I had that could have exploited me Well, I didn't So 560, 50560, pound 560 And what do I see the thing that I find amazing is that you notice like yesterday None of the parents call in about any of these things That's why I know that nobody cares about schools and about education And about your kids really in general Is that nobody calls about any of these things? I remember years and years ago when I was on KAT We were doing that serious talk that talked in a 90 year old farce And Lynn Russell, now of headline news, was our PD Because she and Sid Levin had a real tight relationship So she was named the PD And I remember saying to her one day because we used to have to book our own guests back in those days And I said, Lynn, I'm going to do a whole show a whole week of the shows on education this week And you know what her response was? She said, Why? Yeah, and give me a look like, are you crazy? Show us on education, especially on that station where the meaning age was deaf Of our listening audience Man, those people couldn't even have gummed Ben and Jerry's back in those days How nail you used to be such a nice boy? Yeah, they couldn't gumben and Jerry's, but I bet you they'd like to right now Even if you have no teeth, you can still gum it And the event in Jerry's too because it is delicious God Feel Rodgers, huh? Oh, young, it's too young You're a good girl, you're a good girl And for it now, you take your set of eyebrows You do the monkey's, don't you? And she's all about, he's not just too sophisticated They don't look like you're insane If you were to test me to win and hear his army brave But a bullet is not great But you're right, body is, so it's a monkey's monkey If you were to know who you are's But you won't harm one of your own Again, I believe it's a community What is this is before you get punched on this So when I guess that somebody will bearded Maybe he will befat He will be distant Or Arge to get the next red saved my wife And this opera came against me Search for me 560 WQM subsidies for all here's a good letter to the editor and one of the papers is more than I think they are old. I can't tell. Arnold Letterworth, Pemberpinds, writes if our elected representatives think it's appropriate to spend our much needed tax dollars so that the owners of sports teams can pay their glamorous athletes $1 million salary. Long history dollars. Is there any way that owners of other businesses can use tax dollars to pay employees extraordinary salaries? Good question, Arnold Letterworth, Pemberpinds, good letter. Of course it'll fall on deaf ears because the sports there is they just that we can't do enough for them to build them play toys. So what do you think about Beth Friedman for a teacher in the year? I'm changing my attitude about this. We don't know for sure that she gave them drugs. That's just, you know, let's give her the benefit of the doubt. If we're given Tony Martin the benefit of the doubt, let's give Beth Friedman the benefit of the doubt. We're pretty sure that she had sex with these kids but like so far as unanimous. All the young people coming today said that they would love to have certain of their teachers. Although I'm looking at Beth Friedman and to be honest with you, maybe she looked a little better two years ago. You think so? Oh, what was their, what was their, what was their grade point average? How was she as a teacher in addition to all this crap? Now you're starting to confuse it with that kind of crap. Okay? I'm sure that they had passing grades in what she did we're doing with her. Yeah. I'm sure in the beginning they probably were inexperienced and not saying that she's supposed to be teaching them right? She taught them how to a perfect area of trade. The tools of their trade. The trade of their peers at that age. Huh? Sure. There you go. Five cents. We had all the lines pulled up here. When we went to the break but now we're back out into again. As it once again all summer long we've gone on like this. They like to make it a hell of five times harder to do the show. That's okay. I'm used to it doesn't phase me in the least. Now crappy food is in a way. Spasket. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line. Here's plantation. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Talk about the, talking about the sports nerds. I've never seen this to amazing. I agree with you 100%. But there can be that many people that can sustain shows that our after hour. I can do it. I have one other call on here now and that's it. That's all I got on the board. And I listened to these sports shows on this station. And we've got twice as many people listening as those shows. The ratings show at month after month. Book after book. And yet there was an endless supply of these nerds one after another after the asking the most in vain the most miniscule the most idiotic things that anybody in the world could care about. And they believe and the interesting thing is I always been interested sports all my life. But I would like to hear an eye-cooking care less about listening to the intricacies of every single thing over and over and the draft and the on and on. Anyway, the main thing I call about is you nailed something yesterday. They really serious about the other side of education from this teacher thing and that's the kid. You pointed something out. I never hear anybody mention and I do it all the time but at the risk of sounding like a racist about hearing the kids on the corner talk and you couldn't understand the word. You're not going to get any response to that. Well, you've got to try to get it from me but I couldn't get in and I you know I see this all the time and I think just like you do I think where are these kids going to wind up? Where are they going? What are they going to do? I want to always go into the group and say what do you want to do with your life? Where do you want to go? What do you want to do? Because it's generation, if to generation and it's truly serious. I mean it's a serious, serious subject. So you're not everybody's going to do? Not everybody can play professional sports or be a rap star. I mean it just doesn't work out that way. Exactly and as a teacher myself, I think to myself when I'm walking to the halls and I'm looking at the kids and I'm talking to them and they're driving and they're shocking and they're doing it and I'm thinking to myself what are you going to do three years now? Five can't be deemed. You're going to be on the corner it's going to start all over again. How do we do it better? It's not going to help by screwing the kids. Yeah, well quite America loves this manual. I was thinking yesterday and I forgot to bring it up like Donovan Bailey and other Canadian, uh, the one who'd run her right. If you ever heard him speak, he speaks perfect English just like you are speaking now. Anytime I see black people in the Canada who are Canadian, they speak exactly like we're speaking. The hockey players like Kevin Weeks who used to be the backup goalie for the Panthers and Peter Warwell, we've had him on the station many, many times they speak perfect English. They don't speak boobonics. They don't speak with some kind of ghetto dialect. This idea, this brainwashing, the idea that somehow a that black people don't have the ability to articulate and speak like white people. Like, you know, real English is bullcraft or b that's somehow we're trying to expect them to be like whitey. You know, like, it's a cultural thing that we're trying to coerce them to be like, it's not going to do what like being like whitey and has to do with speaking proper English and being able to do something in life. I agree with you and I feel very hamstrung. I'm going to position to do something about it and I can't do any more than the people who are in my class is and try to make make it clear to everybody that everybody needs to have a command of the language. Well, if we got social promotion man is never going to change. Yeah, I understand. Okay, hang in here. Okay, man. Good luck here. 560, 560, Pound 560 on a mobile online. There's a good guy, good teacher. Who's not having sex with his students. Come on, all new young people out there. You want to have sex with your student, whether you're a teachers. That's what we want to hear. So far to you, that is they all said, relax. There's a little more enthusiasm. You ask you to let they say, yeah, more like that. 560 and Joe Costello says he would be delighted to have a sex with some of the teachers he had in school. He'd be more than delighted. In fact, if they want to come over right now, he's got a little time on his hand in between or whatever he's doing and there would be a gore and he'd be more than ecstatic. Never too late to learn is what he said. 560, 760, I have this crazy, this cold is finally going away. I'm just kidding over to I think I have this crazy. I just know that any minute now you're going to be hearing that the asshole song I'm telling you. Well, that's the only long thing I've got. Believe me, trust me when I tell you everything else I've got is real short. But that asshole song that goes on for like 4.5 minutes, which is more than enough for me being the expert at rushing down the hall. Here's Hielie, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I fall into that category with the teachers. I have some female teachers in junior high school and high school that I really had big hots for. Yeah. So I wouldn't mind jumping in by with them, but as far as the cold canygos or the drugs, the alleged drugs, she should be sleeping with the fissures. Listen, I got it. I got a request. Can you put on a chest of field? The very best of packets in the USA? Chest of your Queens? I love that. Okay. How about you do? Thanks buddy. Okay. Thank you. Okay. We got a smoke to join you. A lot of smoking going on in chest of your Queens because we've been in our play the one of those because we don't want those kids to be like that dog looking at a line bottle or whatever that wasn't that movie about the diddling mystical or whatever that is? 560, 560, maybe that's what it was. Maybe this is all a play. Notice how this came out right at the time that movie is being released. Diddling mystical. Tingly with Miss Friedman. Yeah. How do you like that? I want to guys name that's in that movie again, which I can't think of at damn it. You keep very very the fairy. I don't know. I'll let me feed my dear Watson. Very Watson. I keep kind of a tingle when I see him. I'll tell you that. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. So what was the Cherries last name start with a Sherry from Bokka you mean? Yeah. When I wanted the back street voice tickets, would I save her letter here by the way, it's under the pile. In fact, I got piles just from thinking about where the hell is your letter? Sherry got damn it. Sherry with an S. I'll save it. I don't think so. I think was Sherry with an L. Why you have a letter card, a letter or something in there? It card it. Somebody did it with it. I don't see it here. I know there's more live in Troy. Somebody's been in here dealing with my craft. Well, I hit one end happens. Man. Food and hell was in here. I'm Johnny. It's gone. Long gone and did not tell you I was going to save that for posterity. Well, read the card. Maybe it's her. Oh, yeah. That is her. That is her. Well, you should have done it with from Bokka. How many Sherries in Bokka do you think we had? That's her. Okay, and she won't call in because she's too embarrassed. Here is her little note. Dear Neil, listening to your show on Monday, I was both hurt and mortified. I regret you got such a negative opinion of me. I should not have asked you for tickets for that. I truly apologize. Everything else I said in the letter however I meant. If you took it as a suck up, I am obviously not saving enough to communicate with you with heartfelt apologies. Sherry from Bokka. Oh my god, this is so emotional. Now all I need is the apology from that bitch that called yesterday about Nick Carter from the back street boys. Who was so far off base. I mean, she's on a different planet. Nice going, Sherry. That's for you sweetheart on both cheeks. See you goes to show you. Sooner or later, I can bring him back to reality. Sometimes you have to really pound away at it and work at it. Just like a bedfreeben and says keep working on it. Keep pounding it. Now what she said? Hey, she deserves her day in court and then put her in a slimer for 20 years. No, I don't know. I mean, most of the audience so far thinks that the diddling or teachers okay, the cocaine was the stupid part. You know, that was the bad part. Why wasn't it just good enough? You know, well, of course, wouldn't see that picture. What? Well, she doesn't look particularly attractive. Okay. She doesn't look. I mean, she's 40 and looks like the teachers I had the hot for were uh y'all wait. Yeah. Much on suit. I mean, this and maybe it's just a bad picture. The paper's on the torus for that. Maybe this is a very unattractive picture or maybe, you know, it's uh all some of that. That could be it. Maybe she had a like sweeten the pot a little bit. So to speak. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yeah, you know, one of the things that's been kind of left out about this is, um, I noticed on the news that she's consulting with her lawyer as to when she's going to turn herself in. Do you think that that had been a guy diddling a couple? Somebody called her head show what he did. Well, somebody said she already did it's been on some of the stations that have like a real news thing operation. She I guess. I just find it funny that if it was a male teacher, would he be able to determine when to turn himself in or would they be busting down his door to get? Yeah, they're you're right. They would have knocked it a while. I guess she wasn't home. I mean, I'm sure that they, uh, I don't know how that works. Well, all right. You're right. If it was a guy that would have come in knocked the doors down and had channels. What is there? And we're saying his would have been hovering over the uh furnace. And God forbid it. Or what's maybe if it was a guy in one of his male students, I know what would have been. Oh, boy. Wow. All right. Just one of the only, I only had Columbus. I think we have to worry about that. Well, you know, God bless the Catholic. Okay, pal. That's what they say in Ireland. That's what they say at that nagolin laundry. Bless the Catholics. Don't be picking on them Catholics by the way. They can very upset about that. They can't deal with the truth because they're in a very, very well brainmashed. 560560 pound 560 on a mobile one. I just keep making babies. Okay. Just keep making babies. And if you're going to have sex, make sure you make a baby. Otherwise, you're going to burn and hell. Just keep that in mind. Well, I'll tell you one thing because I know I'm going to go to hell if there is such a place that's been guaranteed already. I mean, he listens over the years. I'm a chairman into a lot of Catholics down here because God Almighty, I have, I could be wrong. But I think from what I hear about all the horny Catholics, they're just just screwing up a storm. Everything that moves and I don't think they're making babies every time they do it. You know, I try to tell a toilet toilet doesn't work that way, you know, and uh, back to me. Yeah, just about killed them. When you heard that. Especially the swish guard that he's so fond of. Four minutes before that. I wonder if during this break I might be able to think I could make it down the hall and back. We'll give it a shot. I got a CD. I don't know. I want to do this to write. Yeah. Get the door up. Make sure there's nobody in there by the way. I hate going when they're I can't stand it. Oh, right. Where are you? You know, that's a way you use my point from the other end. Those old people. The other place you thought was born and I'm holding this right, it's near a corner. When you try to understand what you call the surrounding nation. I can say, I'm a big guy. Because I've got five to the left of life. I've been in the middle of my eighties of being because I'm a ten-man in God. I don't know if they're the same. I'm a different one. I'm a feminine guy. Oh, feminine guy. Oh, they've a lot of people. I'm a hundred. What's we? I'm a feminine guy. Femin in God. I'm a feminine guy. Femin in God. Femin in God. It's 11.05. 62. I'm the Guinness Book of Records. His phone is once again. I managed to race down the hall. You should have seen Bluffin is paranoia in there. The room he's sitting in there had their head a little tea party in there. What's in the shandard, whoever else? And I go barging out there on my way to the Amagic room. And I'm like, like, I'm barging out. I've worked to believe me several times in the past few months, including last Thursday, what have been a good day. As your contestant. That was the day. Of course, that was all sands fault. I just want to put that on the record. How come it is if a pre-small has to 14-year-old kid? Which goes on every day, by the way. How come if that goes on? It doesn't make the front page of the paper quite like this. And I'm sure that there's nothing similar to that. There will be an misparticular case with Beth Friedman. Why is that? I wonder. There's no fact in the church. Oh, I'm sorry. And that's right. And it's usually not even the little girls that they're molesting. At least they keep it on the same sex side most of the time. Not always, but most of the time. They leave that to the nuns. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. All right. The angry potter. And nothing that hypocrisy of our time. I want to talk about Republican hypocrisy. No, he got this guy. And all the time, I was Republicans. I'll begin on facts as again from the same like in the future. If in phony, like this guy George W. Bush, okay? Who certainly doesn't want to talk about his alleged patty. Yeah. But maybe he did cope with Beth Friedman. That's possible. Well, he has to want to talk about it. That doesn't count. But we can talk about Clinton, Morgan, a couple of movies and bad records. And bad records. Bad records. Mm-hmm. Okay. But we can't talk about it because it's affecting our God. And you know, all the people that have had a brain larger than a P. You have said, how come he can't just say, no, that would be real easy. I mean, he's answered some other questions. But once they get to that question, he starts this very defensive paranoid thing well, oh, I'm not playing your game and you've gotten sucked in that game. And it's got your got your gun. And I'm not going to respond. Why can't he just say, I was in harmony because he's a phony and just like that new, thin grits who blasted Clinton over the monocle, the whiskey. Yeah. Meanwhile, he's did a win a 20 year old something like Henry Hide and like, oh, and all these other assholes. And then the one that they had there, what they'll forget even his name. He was like the, uh, Dan Burton known that Dan Burton, but the other one in the house that was going to replace the one for my five seconds and all of a sudden, Hannah resimmonage in shame too. Oh, all of these right wingers point in the finger. And like I've told you for years, the more they point, the more they ought to start turning a finger around themselves. We're going to just say, I love this. It's starting early and let me keep the meat. Let me spin that's it. Let me spin it. Yeah. That's going to be early front runners disease. And this guy's going to go like that. He's going to fall down in a blaze of flames. He's going to be like a souffle. Just one little pin prick and boom, he's his high point. Just remember what I just remember my motto, sir. Just say the bush and have a great back. Exactly. All right. Yeah. I always say the bush five six seven. Oh, five, six, the pound five, six, the on the 18 T wireless line. Got a couple of calls out of board. Nothing too heavy duty here today because in fact, this is going to be a difficult day to get all the way to the two o'clock. You want to know why because we got to come up with two and a lot of people already are practicing putting their radios in the opposition. I want to give him a big build up today. You know, because this is really cheers to Gaggy. Cheers to Gaggy. Cheers to Gaggy. Cheers to Gaggy. Cheers to Gaggy. So, okay. Let's give him a big build up. Okay, two to four, three. They'd like to see us the time. A lot of his panics here in town are used to take a little see as the it's a cultural kind of thing. Tadians too very big and Italy. We'll take a little see as the middle of the afternoon with your favorite priest. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Pompano. Hello. So, there's George like have MacArthur park queueed up for something when you run down the hall just in case. Yes. I mean, I don't know. I'm going to set out how you can go and dump and go like that. They're in a basement here. I shocked the whole world when I'm able to do. I've got so much experience doing that. You have no idea. Oh, I believe me. I was back before the last buddy even started in that break. Very admirable. Yes. The sports show. Oh, my crap man. I don't need to do the sports shows have calls lined up. I mean, to sit through. I like to do. I have no idea how that tears my guts out. I hangs breaks are like 11 12 minutes. Right. And the situation. This is one. Not my people. Not my people anymore. I had like six, seven calls on here a couple of minutes ago. Go out of the break. Most of them are gone. I got three calls. And you have this one jackball out there named fish fish from Hollywood who calls every show and he'll wait for hours on the phone. Get on and talk about like boy did Nate Jack Kent look great at Dolphins camp today. I mean, for what? What did Nate Jack Kent going to do during for the Dolphins? You know, it's just an, I mean, all over the airways. National shows. I mean, my work schedule changes some time to time. I might be on my way in at 530 in the morning. And I'm hearing him on like the sports overnight with JT, the brick screaming about the heat. Or anything? Who's this? Some people. Not a guy's sucking up his infuri yesterday. Love you. You're a class act. Listen, I'm blind. And what I understand you had some laser surgery. How did that go? Yeah, right. The guy's on the air. And it's it's a thing here. He's a contact. He's not on what Pennsylvania. Going up on the, are the teachers go. It's just amazing the adults in this community. Everybody who, you know, rags on the kids being sued. We're like a 14 year old kid's not going to be talking. Running up and I'm surprised she did took this long for this woman to get in that. I mean, if you put yourself in the kids shoes, I mean, all your friends are going to know, but the private lining up under front door with their bicycles. They're going to notice the only people I'm hearing from are the young people are saying, well, that sounds good to me. I'm going to get lead by their teacher too. But the parent, they don't care. Don't you understand this is the most in different place in the world. They just don't give a crap. And then you get a whole bunch of kids, you know, getting shot up out there, a colabine and little them colabine. And we have a national a week or two of morning. And everybody puts on his big act. And that goes back to the way it was before they don't give a crap. And then they go back to school. And then we have crappy education because nobody here cares. Nobody makes it a priority. If the public cared about, then they wouldn't allow it to be like it is. A quick question involving something you were talking about last week, the episode on the plane with the guy used to know and then he blew your eye off. I mean, not that I used to know. But I mean, I had a conversation very friendly conversation with him one time. And then it's like, uh, who the hell are you? What do you want? You know, I missed the beginning part that had you say you've been traveling with him on the same flight for years. Yeah, for the last two years. I mean, he goes to Toronto every weekend because I guess he lives up there and works down here. And then I go up, you know, like 15 or 20 weekends a year because I love it up there. And if seen him all the time in the airport, both come up and go back into no conversation. Finally, for whatever reason we get this conversation is a big maple leaf fan. He knows who I am. He's watching TV show. And we have this great conversation. And like three weeks later, I see him up in the airport in Toronto. It's like, uh, he saw a ghost. It's just unbelievable that people get it. It has like no social skill that you know, you're not a function out there. It's just a and I'm thinking to myself, okay. So maybe he told somebody at a conversation with me and it's, and the person said, oh, you know, he's a fag at whatever. And I'm thinking to myself, if that's the case, if I'm a hot for his body or something, which he's, you know, not that great. But if I were in a little bit slow art, I after two and a half years, the sit there in a godday airport waiting in the lounge. Give me a break. Come back. Unbelievable. Have a good one then. You too. Yeah, we're very slowly. I'm real sinister. But wait, when you least expected. But I just like to or he hasn't expected all these years, but one of these days when you least expected Joe has been a pounce on and could be me. Five six five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line. It would be so rewarding. It was you whole bunch of people on these lines and have them hold on during the break. That would really be exciting. Yeah. Oh, that got the biggest laugh of the week. Yeah. Have a whole bunch of people calling in here with something to say about anything in the world and actually hold on here like they really wanted to speak. That would be that would make me feel like it was worth coming in this morning. Because I think that that little adventure I had on the hallway a few minutes ago, I think that was just the first in a multi-part series today. That which is a good sign, you know, when you got a little flu, a little cold like that, and you start crazy. That's excellent man. Get it out of your system. I mean heavy duty. Yeah. But what does that know anyway? I guess he's hyperventilated because they're desperate. 11 14 at five sixty QM. Now you see exactly what I said before during a break. I beg that I pleaded I tried to be nice guy. I said, well, it may be really happy was to get a whole bunch of calls out there and it would hang on during the break. One person held up. How young is too young. You know what I'm saying? One person held up. And in fact, this is three minutes and forty seconds. So probably not of course, he's other one in tango. This hanger. We're on a mobile. That's not a mobile. Before painful, right? How is it? It's hard enough. Or if we know. And if not too bad, just a little out of here. Just bear my gut stuff, baby. As usual. Just reach in and twist and share my case piece out. Thank you so much. Daily morning. Oh, right. Okay. Daily afternoon. It makes me feel like... Do everybody calculate the same thing? That question boy, because I never remember that every give it to someone who does it? That one you know for the whole world. Yeah, that it doesn't. It doesn't matter at all. All your money everything you need. I'm a gay man, gay from me and gay I'm a good and hard work band But first take care of it So now I move to the door to play the game In the car I move to the door I move to the door to play the game And then every time I move to the door I move to the door I come to the door I'm a good and hard work band I move to the door I move to the door And then I move to the door Here it's a guy, back so tight Okay Here it is, here it is, here it is Here it is, here it is, here it is Here it is, here it is, here it is Here's these sort of Andrew's voice Okay Using brains Now hate me I tell you he won't stop me You see Lord sake is ash , but he won't stop me And also she'll keep Zugranger I'll lay down the composites into the blues I'm gonna do it. It's an awful fight. So take care of it. That's why I wrote the new genre. It's an awful fight. I hope to know it tonight. I hope to know it. Even if I have to do it. It makes me realize. I hope to know it. And I'm a free soul. And to a time full. Rory. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. That's what I do. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. That's what I do. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. We'll talk about it. I hope to know it. I hope to know it. That's what I'm doing. going the big question just to feel clean new choice of the fact of America. Okay, let's clear the part we question. We had a little backup 11 18 at 560 WQM. I can see it's going to be a deadly end of the week for it. Just really really deadly. Five six seven. Let's talk about the Minnesota Vikings. Okay, in the New York, Jess. And let's talk about the San Diego charges. And let's talk about the all that crap. You want to do that? No. Five six seven. Oh, five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hello, now. Yes, sir. Hey, how you done? Okay. Listen, let me ask you something. Don't you think it's a little strange that Hillary Clinton is running for the Senate up there in New York and all of a sudden that build the sides that he's going to pardon these bombers. No. Okay. Yeah. Do you understand what I'm talking about? Yeah. So why is bill pardon in these bombers? He's Puerto Rican bombers. They like the Puerto Rican. They're going to make them in the 51st state. They're almost in both democratic. Okay. Do you agree with the amount one? Do I agree with you on one? On the fact that it just seems all strange. I don't want to be honest with you. I don't want to be pardoned. Sir, you want to. Why do you keep asking me a question if you don't want to answer? Have a nice day, sir. I don't deal with people who ask with Torko questions. Okay. I don't care about Hillary. I don't that make come as a great shock to you. I don't live in New York state. They can make Hillary the governor, the queen, the senator, the princess, the prince, the popper. I don't care what they do. It's of no consequence to me. None. Zero. Zippity, Duda. Do I make myself clear? No. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's what Miami. Hello. Hello, New York. afternoon. Yes, sir. That's funny. Can Hillary don't live in New York either. Right. Exactly. What's the one that he care about? Of course. I don't know what's the stepping stone because she's got political aspirations. Just like just like the crap they were making up about after the last two weeks. But that gets out with his term and he's going to go back to Arkansas. And like all of a sudden, we got a royal family now. You know, well, what does that mean? Please. Listen, that was unfortunate about the teacher, but, you know, not the the other two a week ago. That's nobody's business. But this, well, well, what would you say on a portion that now? How come nobody in his audience has got a real opinion? We can make a joke out of it. You know, 40 year old woman have a sex with a 14 year old kid. And about him, other kids didn't have an living her account over there. And she's buying him cars and providing them with cocaine and L. I see and got her nose. What else? I know, thousands to thousands of other teachers that do a great job and she's just, you know, they'll give it a, you know, and nobody has any opinion about this. Because nobody cares. Why? They're apathetic. God, Almighty, this is unbelievable. Why are you only in the thoughts we get as a bunch of young guys out there, where's their teachers? What has screwed them? Yes. When Burai, I saw he was skating. I remember about a month ago, they said that a lot of the Russian players were going to skate. Yeah. He didn't need permission from the team to do that, did he? Did the team do any kind of release? Is this on his own? No, it's not on his own. The team he did it with the teams in Syria and Tuziastic encouragement. Because he was glad I was glad to see him and the first little semblance of hot. Well, I got news for us, sir, if they if they if they don't make a full recovery, we might as well bring your tickets out in the parking lot. I hope he does, because he is so to why, because if you're going to go on him as seen him plays, where's the price of the mission? I can't wait to lock to over. Okay, pal. Thank you, see him. Go leave, go. Spokes are made, police, hot here today, huh? No. Five six seven, five got that. My Johnson side up again. Nice going. My leavey solid. There you go. Five six seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the 18 T line. I'm just going to keep repeating those numbers over and over and over again. I'll go down the hall and do a number of my own. Because they just don't give a crap. Here is a story at this happen. Anywhere else in the world on the highest rated talks human town, this 40 year old teacher's screw in a 14 year old boy. Everybody in town to be on a phone talking about have something to say about these people, what they got nothing. That's the only way to get a phone. Yeah, that's going to guide them traffic report. Yeah. God, that was good. Oh, it's better having that come up and some pain in the hands bit that I got to cut off. Five six seven, oh five, sixty. Do you have an opinion about anything? If the hurricane coverage to right through the middle of your neighborhood, would you care about that? No. Have you got an opinion on young black people speaking boobonics and that we don't teach him to speak proper English like God damn thought of in Bailey and Peter Warrell. Who may not be the greatest guy that I'm hockey player that ever came down to pick even though you like him a lot. But nevertheless, at least he speaks perfect English. Is there some reason that nobody cares about that? Even my dark, complicated friends, let me ask you. Here's a mobile and parign, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First time one time. All right. The pleasure to speak with you. Yes, it is. All right. Last week you were talking about you've read a little article about the neutral fleet problem. They're about asked pertain. Yes. Yes, asked for 10 correct. And I'm still here. And I'm still here. By the way, I have to admit I'm still drinking a crap. I was online reading about it. There are endless amounts of websites pertaining to asked pertain to the horrors of it. It's unbelievable that this product is on the market. Yeah. People are consuming it by the way. Now what alcohol in it? And I'm drinking by the Gown Georgia's drinking and die Pepsi right now. He's swilling it down as I speak. Trying to switch out the taste of the crappy food fat boy brought up earlier. What I read, basically, you drink it as soon as you drink it. Yeah. It breaks down its a mess and all. Right. And then that goes into your liver and starts poisoning your system. Hello, building, poisoning, that stays in your system. What is wrong with me? You know, I got on the air and I read that and I promised myself that those two diet Pepsi's I had that day to remit sure would last I would ever have. And then I go to the store and I'm buying diet right soda by the gallon. You know? And I got this solely bottled water even the physiocide that I love from Italy from Northern Italy that South Alcombrees need for free. And I'm still not drinking as much as I should. I do drink it here at work, but I should be drinking it at home in no more soda. It is so hard because now everyone's so conditioned to drinking diet soda. Is you don't even want to drink where you look so does it. Right. You feel used for the flavor of it. And of course when you're diabetic like I am, you can't drink the regular soda because the sugar will send your blood sugar to skyrocketing and then of course can keep you fat as well and really bad for you too. Exactly. And if I don't think we do like to do in Europe and everybody drink a lot of bottled water. They don't, the kids there will drink you know, coaxing stuff. But most of the people they have a meal out and they drink bottled water. Well, I drink water all the time, but I also like to have a mixed drink like a ramen coke or something like that. And you know, they say, don't do good things out of the diet coke. Is it to happen with alcohol? Which is happening to this guy? What's happening to our phones system? Okay, call me back pal. Call me back into great conversation. But did you hear that? It sounded like somebody was dealing with our phone right there. Didn't it? And like in the other room or somewhere in here? Go look at the other room and see if some asshole is in there. See, this is another thing about this whole thing with this crappy phone system. I really don't know if these people are all actually dropping off if they're getting chopped off. Got only knows what's going on. One day we had some putbacker that I think was Daniel Abastard from the Harold sitting in there. There's nobody in there. Now it's probably our friends at Bell South again who keeps screwing with these guy they have phone lines and chopping people off. You're not, we're on the okay. My good friend Larry and mission city's got a list about happened. Doesn't people are going to get asked by the end of this month. He's going to ask you to say goodbye. You're not fooling anybody. Okay. Schooling around with our livelihood here. Nothing. We really care that much. But five, six, seven. But that was a good call. They're at a good point. Something important which I did bring up that day by the way one day last week. Was there any response about that? No. Better late than never. And I'm glad he reminded me because I got a stop drinking that crap. Stop drinking that crap. God damn it. And just like yesterday, I was at the track last night. And get there early. Of course, as always because I love the punishment. And on day and day, their horror show was their last night. I said stay in the hell away for me. And he did. Thank God. Don't come anywhere near me. You idiot. So I'm flipping the channels on my little TV there in our box and all of a sudden come across channel 7 news which I only channel served to our promise. Got my likes cross. And they got a thing out of our body if you're diabetic, a vegetarian diet can really be great and you might be able to stop all your medication. And that's it. Or is the rest of the story? Where's Paul Harvey when we need him? Were the rest of the freaking goddamn story? That's what I would like to know. Where is the rest of this thing in story? And that was it. So maybe I'll become a vegetarian. The trace of a lot of pop and water. Well, that sounds boring, you know. Does it? The bottle of water part I love. I love bottle water. Presentate that it's cool and gas. I love my. Yes, what? But I want to what is funny about that? Presentate. It just sounds funny. Because the diet and corn gas. When you go in and try to read, they ask you, you know, a corn gas and you say, see or no, see or no. Or you say, see this in a way. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more talent and it's like frozen you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple had you stupid fat bag. Oops, this time we watched the VH1. God, I just pull a critter. I think. Yeah, there's the Nick Carter bitch. And do we get a apology from Maria today? No, she don't care. She doesn't just call up here and pop a pop. I like that kind of call yesterday and try to get this best freedom in the broad. Confused and mixed it with those two teachers with this wind clubs, you know, did he call them apologized and correct the error? The erroneous information that he tried to propagate and use this radio show as his vehicle yesterday. Did he apologize? No, no. And don't tell me they're not listening because they're hanging on it right now. Believe you me, they're squeezing themselves just from the publicity. How come this? You see how small this story is that casino saying they'll cut out the paper? Oh, this was on TV. I mentioned this the other day, but nevertheless instead of being on a front page plastered on there like the Sun Sentinel with his teacher, this 40-year-old Beth Friedman, it was just trying to try to show the kids a good time, you know? A Hollywood priest is being sued by an anonymous plaintiff who claims the priest made sexual advances toward him dozens of times and mailed nude photos of himself. The sued by a plaintified edified only is John Doe was five last Wednesday in Broward, Circumstance, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, Oregon, of St. Maurice, Catlick Church. St. E. D'Neill, the allegations, of course. The plaintiff's attorney Russell Adler said is Clio Wattner, Maine anonymous because he was ashamed by the experience and they showed the photos on that news story on TV. So it's kind of hard to deny the experience when a guy's got the naked photos right there, but nevertheless it'll all come out in the wash. That's what the Pope always says. It'll come out in the wash, all those things. But anyway, how come there's that little tiny blurb in the paper there, but this school is see where real big on the schools now? Let's have a witch on. Let's try to, you know, spare all the teachers with a big broad brush. They're all perverts. They're all evil. They're all bad people. They're all molesting your children. And for the kind of money we're paying them, who can trust them for a five bucks an hour. 567560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Give it a rest pineapple, Hid. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Yeah, I am so upset about the response about this teacher and how she's getting off with her. There is no anger. There is no anger. I'm a teacher myself. Right. I just cannot believe that if this was a little girl, a 14 year old girl, and then here's this 40 year old man, you know, having sex with her. They would already have it. They had him hung from a tree all the way. We're getting all this bad rap for teachers, but you know what? There are a lot of bad teachers out there. Sure, just like their bad cops, bad doctors, bad radio people, bad TV people. We're dealing directly with children. Right. And they've got to do something about the way the higher teachers, the way they look at teachers and the kids. This lady had a lobby grease. Right. You know what she was doing? You know, and it's just that I can't understand all these men that call up and said, oh, because it was a boy. He was coming away. He knew, you know, he got what he did. But if it would have been somebody's 14 year old daughter out there, he'd have a shotgun out and he'd be chasing the guy down right now as we speak. Exactly. I just cannot believe they're responsible for this. How do you think I feel? I mean, I, you know, I saw the thing on the news yesterday, and I remember that one call that we had on the show yesterday where the guy was totally wrong trying to hook this up and blame the teachers in that swing club, who was no connection. But I remember that and I see the story and I watch it on the news again this morning to get updated on it. I come in here and hear it's like, it's like nobody cares. It's like a big joke. Yeah. It's a big joke. Everybody thinks that, you know, we real great if they're teaching what to screw them, you know. No, not quite. You know, being a teacher, dealing with kids that 14 year old age. I mean, that's, that's, that's sick. It's crazy. It's unbelievable. Yeah. That's saying. And providing them with acid and with coke and then buy it at the car. Putting aside, that's the second thing. Yeah. You know, I mean, just the sex part of it, and then the drugs on top of that, that's crazy. That's crazy. I just, I just don't understand the response that we're getting from men and women who are signaling about this and saying, well, that and now you know why it goes on because nobody cares. This is like, this doesn't have been screaming about about the priest for years and years. I mean, it's not my imagination or making it up these stories. These stories are in the papers every goddamn day. And nobody cares about that. And they keep going there and giving them their money. And they don't care. It's behind closed doors. They don't care. Well, you sure, they sure seem to care when a teacher's were doing a beyond closed doors at the swing club up there in the, and I think that was wrong. I don't. I think it was wrong because they got arrested for something. I think any kind of arrest, you should, they say, well, they don't have to be wrong. They are wrong models. And they got arrested the same way if they would have gotten arrested for the you. I don't know. That's ridiculous. The why is endangering somebody else's life. How can you make a comparison of consenting a dope having said arrest? Hey, yeah, it was what you know, it was so in other words, you're justifying, you're justifying the pleasure police, the sex police now. So in other words, if somebody busts you for anything, if they came into your house and arrested you because you were at the house. What is this? You didn't let me finish this. You didn't let me finish this. You aren't letting me speak. If they came into your house and you were breaking the floor to Sodom East at you by having oral sex with your husband, which is against the law, I think you know what or not, would you think that what you should be disqualified from teaching because you were arrested? Yeah, so I said stop. I just don't think you think it was not in the house. So in other words, you think that nobody has the right to privacy. If you're sex life and if you're a teacher or you're a public figure, you should be open everybody? No. So the money is saying. I'm just saying. I mean, that's it was tough. That's why I just don't think that was right. I don't think it's something that they have for those of you because you don't go there and you don't want to participate. You're making judgments about them. No, I don't. It's not anybody's business. It's not anybody's business. It's not anybody's no, the sex lives are the teachers. Do you want, do you want to go to their class and tell your kids about your sex life? No. Thank you. Thank you. No. Very simple. Okay. When she was on the other foot, when you pointed the finger at somebody else, they're bad. They're evil. It's wrong. It's wrong. It's wrong. Yadi Adi. I just said, you know, yes, dirty. They so dirty. There is absolutely no reason in the world why students should know anything about their teacher's sex life, much less their private lives, who they're married to, if they're married, and it's got nothing to do with anything there to teach the kids are there to learn. Period. Period. And his role model bullcraft, that's a bunch of crap. The parents, here's the ones that are supposed to be the role models. Not the athletes, not the teachers. Not all these other goddamn people that you keep laying every of your own responsibilities off on. The parents, they should be the role models for the kids. God. But anyway, have a nice day, sweetheart. How young is too young? You can punch into groin. Rip the hair off his chest and steal his snores. Hello. I'm Bernie Co. Fel. And I'm barely alive. But I don't snore and tears why. When we go to sleep, my wife always carries her anti-snor gun. Not only is it easy for her to use, but it's very effective too. And here's why. Just one quick full of the trigger and you'll sleep snore free all night long. If you have a loved one that snores, use the anti-snor gun. It's just with the NRA order. The order yours has a company in called the NRA at 1-800 of American Way. That's the American way. Hey, man sweetheart. 1143 at 5.50. If you have this teacher, she was going along okay until she started pointing fingers at everybody else. They so dirty. Okay. She doesn't want her kids, no one I think about her, you know, in her class is not about her sex life because that's private, but other people well on that's bad. Even in a private club, even inside a place behind closed doors. Here's a lady in Hailea. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, I'm a who-lip from Hailea. All right. You sure. I want this one to tell you. I'm getting the hell out of here. I'm blowing this to the taco stand. Really? Where are you going? And Indiana. Well. Yeah. Nothing's perfect. Yeah, I'll tell you the other other face. And I mean, if Chris Redneck's a gun, then all these professional humans can just crazy people running around here. Can't think of himself. Right, exactly. Yeah. And I just don't know, I don't know if anybody has brought this up, but uh, as a case maybe I guess two or three years ago about that teacher in Washington State American history. Right. Got mentioned that, yeah. Yeah, I mean, he's the one every time they would let her out on parole. She would be dill in him again. She just can't stop. She's had two children, but that's me. Right. Is this a calling? That's America for you. Yeah. And I mean, I'll just I'll tell you, one of your colleagues before I mentioned something about everybody being apathetic. It's in the school system too. I'm a recent high school graduate in a kind of, it's why I'm moving. And it's just, I know it's so schools are full of number one teachers who don't care. Who just, you know, are just there to draw a paycheck. Kids who don't care. They don't care about themselves. You know, they don't care about their own, you know, lives and their parents, you know, either can't be on top of them or don't watch you. They don't, you know, they're friends. Don't give them a phone. I guess the teachers want to be on top of them as well as sound like. Okay. Well, listen, good luck. I'll see you in Coco Mall. Thanks. See you. In Tara Holt. Be sure and tell my people to the Columbia record club. By the way, I want to cancel and a video thing too, because I'm too lazy to call them. Here's Tamara. Hello. See you. New. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. Okay. Couple of things. First of all, you know, the thing with the teachers at the swing club. I think one of the saddest things that's come out is that, you know, in having these board meetings, one of the teachers, at least that I heard of on the news, is a apologize. Yeah. And swearingly, you'll never do it again. And I think that's that's really bad. City, madam mistake. But see, yesterday, you were all over a guy for saying, you know, that's a questionable behavior. You were, you were all over him. But here you have the teacher questioning his own behavior. I know he's not questioning his own behavior. He's trying to cover his ass. He's not questioning his behavior. No, he's trying to say, oh, I'm a mistake. Isn't that what everybody always says, usually the religious nuts, oh, I made a mistake and I want to be forgiven and praise Jesus. And now we go on with life. That's basically what he's trying to do. Couple of his ass. Wouldn't it be better if he took the stand and said it's none of your business? Yeah. I'm not defending his comment. Of course it would be. You're absolutely right. I'm I'm appalled by his, all of a sudden, turn around. Oh, I made a bad mistake. It was there in judgment. And as he, this is the problem. Like I told you the other day, there is no constituency for any kind of adult establishments because we live in a society where the human body is bad, sex is evil, and all of these horrible things, nobody is supposed to admit to, even a most people either, if they don't grow, that they would like to. But so, you know, once it comes out in public, you have to renounce your sins. One other thing with the thing in Mississippi, with the Jewish star, the star David, that's absurd because if you were the rebel flag and Mississippi, I'm sure they'd patch on the back for where you're at. We're at a great point average up about half a point at least. Exactly. Two about a point five. You know, this last call just brought up the teacher in Washington. You can't compare the two between this, this lady now who is on the front page of the, this side of the, how do you know? How much do we know about the woman on the front page? Well, I mean, let's just, let's just say that everything, let's just say that the drug part is true. I think that's a big difference. The sad thing with the woman in Washington, she has kids with this chart with this boy. Yeah. You know, and I mean, they look like they were in love. She can't see her kids. That's wrong. I mean, I mean, I mean, I would agree with them. I mean, first of all, that was only one kid that she was involved with, and evidently, they were in love, which is, you know, our society, uh, frowns on that to say, but in this particular case, evidently, if the allegations are true, this woman was involved in a whole bunch of students, uh, underage, and uh, was even living with a couple of men or condominium and was providing drugs and buying a kid a car and doing all sorts of other unacceptable things. Right. You're right. There is no comparison. But regardless of what this woman did in Washington, she should be able to see her kids, that's, that's disgusting. Yeah. I mean, that's, I mean, this kid, you know, is going to grow up without a mother and later on down the road. You know, I mean, that kid is going to be screwed up. Well, maybe she can go on guiding lights, she'll tell me it's Ross's kid. Have a great day. All right. Okay. Five, six, seven, old five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. A little bit of a flurry here, right now. I'm not doing much, a little bit of excitement. Don't want to go overboard here. We want to pretend that we actually have some interest in these things because obviously we don't which is good because it's nice to live in La La Land. Yeah. Just kind of sit back and put your feet up on the desk. Yeah. I'll put your next stovie in just the pop your boss. Tell me, is it Jackass? Here's a four-later Dale. Hello. 23 minutes and 30 seconds later. And just that magical moment when he's just about scored score to, uh, explored it out. He's gone. It's gone. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and pop-each garden, hello. Mobile and pop-each gardens. You know, how are you doing? Yes, sir. How does one of the call to make a point? I, uh, sex with a teacher when I was in the ninth grade. And see you the time. About what? 15? Yes, 15 years old. And I considered myself very lucky at the time. It didn't mess me up. All I was a wonderful experience and a certain amount of man anatomy. And how old was he? I mean, how old was he? Two or three or three years ago? You know, we would meet places after school and things like that. We, you know, we managed to keep it how sharks and no one were found out. Yeah. I have no idea if she was with other people or not. But, um, you know, in my opinion, this woman, you know, shirts and on ethical things. As far as the drugs and alcohol concern, to me, that's much worse in having sex with consensual sex with someone. Because, like you were saying before the society looks so far down on sex with violence and drugs and everything is, you know, it's a different story. Well, yes, as far as her. And since I'm American society, at least pro-fesses to believe that if you're under the legal age, meaning under 18, that you have no business having sexual relations with anybody. To me, that's absurd. Everybody's having sex way far beyond. Of course they are, but I mean, that's what we say for public consumption. You know, you know, it's understandable to the green, you know, but when I was in school this happening, and it didn't mess me up at all. And she had a force in doing it. I didn't want to, of course, I was all four to the time. And I have certainly caught me a lot and sort of speak. And the main thing is she was concentrating on sexual sex with the individual and my opinion, the most she should be is being fired, but of course, prison time, she's not even at the society. There were about the same. What about violence? I mean, that's like that. That's those things, definitely. That's where I'm aligned. But giving drugs to a child is one thing. But it's all that was said, I think, someone who's caught having sex with a student is more of an ethical violation of my opinions than a criminal violation. Drugs and courts into the first story. You know, I should say, I've been, let me ask you this. If a guy who's like 19, forget about 40 like this teacher is if a guy who's 19 has sex with a 14 year old girl, that's statutory rape. He's going to jail. Yeah, that's where I guess, you know, we all look at different women together around when it's a little boy. And exactly. But, you know, in that case, this case, this case, this case, this is a boy. If I have 15 year old and 14 year old boys, they're supposed to be horny and they're supposed to have sex. But God forbid, the male teacher would have sex with your 14 to 50 year old daughter. You're going to blow his brains out. And you know that you know it. Yeah, but it was fun. No, it was fun. Okay, pal. Have a good day. Bottom up. See, that brings to mind one question. How young is too young? See, American society. I mean, I don't want to get into the middle of this. Okay, because it's a very touchy, delicate thing with this country. Most other countries you'll find legal age for consenting sex is 14, 15, 16. I think Canada is 14. And most countries in Europe it's 15 or 16. I don't know of any country in Europe where it's over 16. But in America, of course, it's 18. So you have on the one hand the laws. And secondly, you have a society like I said, that professors to believe, even though there are, there are 10 of you out there who really believe that people on the edge of 18 aren't having sex or shouldn't have sex. Nobody really believes that. But we say all of these things for public consumption because we're a bunch of phonies and hypocrites. That's the American F in way. And he raises a good point. If, you know, she only had sex with a kid would it be people having an interest break down now, especially with a boy, probably not because I don't see anybody. Even with the drugs, I don't see anybody really cares to be honest with it. Lucky bastard. No, not a lucky bastard. Not with the drugs. That's why I draw the uh, draw the other guy. And then he's on the other side. Oh, the guy that called you. Thank you. I'm lucky at a good time. Oh, my God. How could you say these things? I know, sex is very bad. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, how are you doing today? Okay. I have a comment. What you're saying is true about, you know, the boys having sex with the older teachers, that's true. Why is this all different between the girls having sex with the older, you know, when they young and having sex, you know, the father had to blow the head. Right. And the comments that you're not trying to decide, what are you supposed to do on it? I give you no, it doesn't matter. I might, I can a little find you when I get a little bit of the eight month over there. I don't play that. I don't care. Please don't know to just blow your head off. I have a never mind. I would just discriminate. Right. Good. I have another comment that we can call a couple of minutes go about those. All right. We have the jackpot. All right. She said if that other teaching that called me for so effing perfect, then, you know, letter you know, for high horses, etc. And so on. I've gone sweetheart. But just remember, it's the US of A. You can't say the F. Or it on a year because the government gets real nervous about that. If you do it, they get nervous. But if you even say it, they also start sweating a little bit. Because they start conjuring up images of what you're talking about. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 6, the on the AT and T wireless line. Here's my any, hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, you? Okay. I got a little story to share with you. My name is Voltaucahoto. It was on Grand 9. I was 17 years old. My teacher, when she must have been about 25, 26. We all snuck in alcohol or in students and all that to the bus on the way to Disney World. Well, I got a little happy. We got a little touchy touchy and I'll assume it's where you got off the bus and we just did it. I mean, but that was it. As soon as you got off the bus, so I'm sure Mickey had a good time too. Because we all know about Mickey. Don't we know about Mickey? Oh, yeah. We know. What's in it uniform. I hate to break the news to George. But this chick that you get all psychotic about here on VH1 from the chin up. I mean, I'll give her a five. Maybe she does a chin up. She's doing chin ups. Yeah. Five, six, seven. There's a couple of phone lines written out too. By the way, I just thought I would mention that to try to get your post out of the screen, where it's embedded at the moment. Yeah. She girls and how is it? How would Mickey Martin be big? And as much as I love their music. I'd like to backstreet boys because they're hot looking because they're not, but their music is great. But nevertheless, sitting on that aside, all these other boy groups. Why would they be bigger? Unless the 10 and 12 and 13 year old hormonal girls were all like falling at the mouth over them. Like that electric crazy girl I call the yesterday who's gotten the card or blow off dial at home, which is the only way she's going to be it close to him. Trust me sweetheart. Oh, no. You don't understand. The girls are not that's that's a boy thing. Boys are supposed to be horny. They're the pursuers. They're the aggressors. They're the ones that are like, you know, pumping everything that moves. But the young girls, they're supposed to be refined. They're not supposed to be interested in all of these things. That's why we have to go visit the family priest. Not for discussion just because he's interested, he might help you. Here's a North Miami fellow. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Here's a good question on a teacher thing with the kids. Yes, sir. At the kid murder somebody. They have a hearing they make him an adult. Yeah, that's a good point. You know, like, what would happen at this kid happen to kill? I don't, you know, terrible thing to say. But no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the way was killed. It was very worth a point. That you're right. And then you know about it. It's right. You're right with this kid. And we'll send a pop up. They're good. They don't don't say pop up. I'll tell that choice of words. Yeah. No, very good point. Thank you, sir. God bless you. I know what I thought of that. 12 year old boy would a six year old girl remember to put the hammer lock that you're wrestling thing. And of course, he just haven't a slammer down on 20 or 30 times too many. She did. Good or what try him is an adult murder. But a 14 year old boy, you know, he has sex with a 40 year old woman and how come he can't be considered an adult. Huh? Oh, that's right. It's sex. I forgot about that. And of course, it also brings back that question. How young is too young? Right. 567. 560, 560 on a mobile one line. It's four minutes still new here at 2 AM. Come on. If I 50, come guess what we get the jackpot boys and girl. How do you be in the crow cables at 46 12 year old. Thanks Jim Stoody. You brought us lunch today and I'm great. What do you look at the menu? Man, this is an already done joint. Huh? They have got like real Italian food. This isn't like make believe. And by the way, he said he's got some great Jeff Cohen stories. Which I'm sure he does. But nevertheless, so now what kind of soup is this again? This is fantastic. This is just what the doctor ordered. Uh, hot pepper, biscuit, uh, some like mmm, God is this good. And real thin pizza like they make it in Rome, not the, well, I don't want to get started. You know, with the pizza people, but the real fit, I'll find a way to make it in Italy, except for the fix decision, which show most of us don't need. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. What is it? Hello. Yes, Pat phone. Yes. Oh, okay. I was just, you know, you have to make back your phone. It's unacceptable, pal. Sorry about that. Come me back. Bad phone problems today, man, phone problems on the inside, phone problems on the outside. The wonders of cell technology, man. It really is a long way to go. 560, 560, 560 on our mobile one line. Let's try a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, how are you doing? All right. Here's a condition that I have. I don't know anything. I really don't have anything against anybody having sex with anybody as long as they're consenting adults, it's probably think prostitution should be legalized. Yeah, but what is an adult though? That's the question. How young is too young? Exactly. And my question here is if you're in your 30s or 40s, you're a desire to have sex with a 14 year old. There's that'll be some wrong with you. Well, by by American standards, I mean, I have no interest in having sex with 14 year old Z, or 15 or something. Well, there's something in the world where a 30 or 40 year old desire to have sex with, you know, 12 13, 14. No, no, no, you got it down to 12. I mean, how far would you go? Okay, anybody understand how far do we draw the line before people who are pedophiles or you know, people enter as little children and somebody who's in adolescence, which you know, and like I said, the legal age in most countries is like the median I would say like 15 or 16 for both boys and girls. I don't know if that's right. I mean, I think that's a little young. 15 year old can be influenced by anything anybody. I think maybe you think even now you see it's hard it's hard to make it determination because they're 15 year olds who are like 12 year olds and they're 15 year old kids who are like 20 year olds. So it's very hard. How can you determine maturity level on a kid? See, I think that the legal age should be 17. I mean, you know, maybe I'm a little fashion, maybe I'm, but I think that that's not so revolutionary that it doesn't go so far under what it is now. I think for boys and girls, both straight and gay, 17 will be an age that maybe we could agree on, but 14 and 15 year old sister, you have to base your behavior on what society says, you know, and you can't be having sex with 14 and 15 year old if society says if you do that, we're going to throw your ass in jail. All right. Well, I thought we did, did we establish that 18 year old was kind of the adult line here in this country? Yeah, but it's interesting that you know, that kids can go out and buy guns, but they can't number one have sex and number two, they can't buy a pack of cigarettes or bottle of beer. I just think that if you're in your 30s and 40s and you're desired to have sex with a 14 year old, there's something wrong with you. Yeah. Yeah. Normal. And then you should do, you should do, you're teaching our children. No, I would agree with you. I've said that any special year. I have any 40 year old teacher that I've gotten sex with 14 and 15 year old kids, automatically should have their ass fired immediately. No question. I don't know if they should be fired or what then what should we do with them? Like give them a couple of months to go loud? Maybe they've been, they've got to have something mentally wrong with them. Yeah. Other sick. They're in it. I mean, so then okay. So after sick, so after sick, why would you want them teaching your children? No, you're right. I wouldn't. But I'm saying, I'm in my 30s and you know, a nice ride by schools and I see these 14 year olds who look like off. All right, no wait a minute. Okay. Britney Spears. Okay. She's 17. She could be 16. She could be 19. She could be anything. Okay. Now Britney Spears, everybody in her brother tells me, oh hey, we don't care whether she's legal or not. And I believe that they don't give a craft. Okay. She's hot. She's whatever she is. And you're going to tell me that you would turn her down? No, but if it was your daughter, you feel differently. Yeah. I feel like Britney and Peter's a winner. So what everybody else? Exactly. I think everybody just says that. But I think when I come up. Why is it that if it was your 15 year old son that was getting out with a 30 or 40 year old teacher that maybe a minute or not, I'm saying, hey, nice going Billy. No, no, I don't feel that way. I know. I'm glad you're a boy. I was doing some 30 year old girl. I have a problem with that. Yeah. And how would my son, the problems with a 30 year old? I get, I mean, you know, I'm 15 year old. You still get already. Well, where do you draw the line? If you, how about if she was 25 years old and your son is 15? I think that if she still a teenager, she's 19 years old and my kids 15, you know, even I think there's, there's something while with her, but I can understand. Oh, and I'll wait a minute. Come on. If your, if your kid is 15, and he looks like maybe 17 or 18, and he's mature. And a girl is 19, you're going to tell me you think there was something wrong with her? No, I don't think there's anything wrong with her. He was got her same. Oh, no, no, I have anything. But you raised it to 17. That's different. You got a 50 year old with 70 or 70. No, no, I said if you're 15 year old son, and an act that looks like 17, which is possible. It's also mathematics. If you're a teenager and you want to have sex with another teenager, it's going to happen. I don't see a problem with that. But you're 30s and 40s. I mean, come on. There's something wrong with you. That's my issue here. I want to go to a sex club and do what you want. That's fine. If you're in adult, right? Exactly. I don't care. Well, who you have sex with, and you know, I don't care what sex it is. But when you're talking about, you're, you're an adult. 30, 40 years old like this woman was. Right. And you have a desire. Just a fact that you desire to have sex with a 14 year old kid. I don't know. I think there's an issue there. There's something wrong with the years. I agree with it. That's my only issue. Okay, pal. Have it. I've never written it. Of course, maybe he was hot. Oh, I'm sorry. 56050. I've just had joke folks. It's just a little joke. 5605050, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. They get really uptight about all of us because it's America man. It's dirty. How young is too young? I'm really ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. I'm a real ugly. SoSuper take care of people. They care of women. A beating old women. Hollywood advertise a religion. Well, I'll facilitate. Okay, 1214 at 5.62 W. Kim this last guy. He was a great car. He was all over the place though. You know when he got to that point about the 19 year old girl in the 15 year old guy and then said well, she's got to be sick. 19 year old girl got to have a half sex with a 15 year old kid. She's got to be sick. He said that and then he was like kind of, wow, but I mean, see, because this is a very delicate thing that most people don't want to talk about in America, especially because it's dirty. 560, pound 560 on mobile online. I'll tell you this lunch today. We hit the jackpot baby. I need the top. Pazilla 4612 Lzoon Road and Coral Gables. We got the thin we go authentic pizza. The best damn soup I've ever had fact I'm going to have another thing of that. Is there another one in there? I pray. Oh man. What is it red pepper corn bisc something like that? Something like that. Something like pepper bisc pepper bisc. Jesus. God is this great. Thank you, Jim. Jim Stoodley. He's a stewed up guy. He's a great guy. And I think this is going to be a wonderful relationship. That was a great one. Look at how helpful Joe is trying to be here. Now, just try to make up for that the singing effect. We had there at that restaurant. It was a great meal, but you know, old man, river 560, 560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Very weak response here today. As usual, here's a lady and baby. Hello. Hello, you know, I'm a parent as well as a teacher. And I kind of keep flip-flopping between listening to what's going on from both sides since you're getting teachers and parents. And the thing I can't understand is with the parents. You know, they're amazing. They sit down and they talk about teachers, but yet as a teacher, some of the stories that these children tell me that go on in their homes. They have a lot of nerve talking about teachers in a bad way. You know, for instance, is it disgusting if our parents is let's down the toilet and the child is able to walk in and out of the bathroom? Is that okay? That's considered like an odd thing. Right. And then all my soup, no less. Yeah. And disgusting, all right. You know, exactly. And on the other hand, as the teacher, she still, she still, she still evacuated in a professional manner. But with those other teachers did it later, they should have been allowed to do what they want. They're not doing it in front of a child. Yeah. Well, how come there's not the big fear? Did you see this? I'm sure you saw this story about this. One moment it was now arrested for helping to cover up the nephew was it? The 15 year old nephew that raped your five year old daughter. And she pretended she was asleep and changed the story a hundred times. This tranquilizer, that tranquilizer. Yeah. It was going on in the very next year. The little girl, the five year old girl was so beaten and bloody than the bruise because of such a violent attack. And how come there's not a big think about that? Well, what kind of people do we have making babies in this country? Absolutely. Nobody cares about it. And as a teacher, you hear the same thing going on from your students when they talk about what goes on with their parents. And if there is in that's going on, which is a teacher I've seen plenty, let me tell you something. It is amazing. How many times the mother does know? And they did not study that now more and more that the women, the mothers, do know what's going on and just turn to know a line. Yeah, they do. A line. And this goes on even with boyfriend, you know, you have a daughter in the house and the boyfriends coming in and a lot of times the girl, you know, bothered by these boys and they go and they tell their mother the mother. Well, invariably, side with the boyfriends. Really? Oh, yeah, many times. Maybe the mother's getting a little too on the side. Yeah. That could be. But this is our sixth society. So I guess it's there on both sides. So what do you think teachers should have sex with their students at the time? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I mean, many most of us are in the profession because we love it. We certainly not in it for the money. We work real hard. And we do lots of wonderful things with these children. But unfortunately now, with our wonderful, wonderful governor and, you know, increasing class size to the point where there's 40 children in your class and you, it's the parents who never come up to even see you and want to know what's going on in school. They're too busy and then neglects. It's just as a horrible situation on both sides. So there's a lot of time that these children get to be on their own. Parents don't know what's going on. And if you do want to know, well, get a teacher that is unprofessional like this one, this lady, these things can happen. What about that teacher or a commeddo? One that the girl killed herself, the band leader. Right. Not only he came from Michigan, they knew what would go, you know, he was written up there. But, you know, there's no, there's no in-alink yet to try and track down, you know, he's because nobody cares. Right. Things like that. Okay. You want to follow. Thanks a lot. Bye. Okay. 600 open lines here again. We have to like, prod and squeeze while I'm enjoying this fantastic soup from Pazia and Core Debles. God is this great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hopefully this is a better phone line. So, yeah, Black, you're a bad teacher. It's just like their bad cops. Just like their bad doctors. You know, but little do we, you know, we always forget, you know, we forget about the teacher. I think it was a year and a half ago and had sex with the kid and then she got pregnant, you know, she was banned from the kid. She got sex with him again. Yeah. We talked about that. Then you turn around and it's two weeks ago in Miami. There's the high school coach or the from the Christian school that had sex with his student, consenting sex. She's 15 years old. And that story went away just like the story with the cops. Right. And my inventory went away. Story one, one, two, twice. Maybe that was the end of that story. Absolutely. And it was funny that, you know, the principal from that particular school, it's on television and says, well, we know that double was at work. Oh, there you go. Well, now we got to solve no problem. You know, and so it's really funny that, you know, the media chooses which story they want to hide about. The two teachers and the in the sex club were doing their own thing. That story doesn't die because that's selling newspapers for them. These other stories are selling newspapers form. So they don't worry about them. Yeah. They don't probe into them like they should be. You know, other things are more important. Ricky Martin is more important. You're talking, now you get to the media to the matter. You know, Tony Martin is more important. I'll Ricky Martin. All of you. Martin is pretty Martin. Anything that selling newspapers is what the media will push. And you know, like you always talk to two lame duck newspapers that we have down here, the worst. You know, they, they determine what's important enough to print. So they'll take whatever story they can get that they can run with and sell more newspapers out of it. And that's why nobody's really calling you yelling and screaming because you know, like these things come, everybody expected to happen. And then they leave it alone. Okay. It's unfortunate. Have a great day. Are you? Sure. Yeah. Okay. One call after the board that we can play some Ricky Martin music. Okay. Of course. It's up to you. Until it's to a conference. Oh, and of course, that would be a good buildup for cheers. A guy will be on from 2 to 430. 560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line. G. I shouldn't have said that now my stupid's starting to back up a little bit. You know, another thought about that. Hey, the exciting, the shocking, the amazing, the simulating, the knowledgeable, the terminal Joseph Gackie 2 to 430. Because Hankson said Diego doing his ESPN thing. And we apologize. Let me say it again. Got that note from the PD this morning that said, get off you duck and apologize to the audience. And my behalf of the fact that we got to put some of these marginal people on because we just don't have enough bodies. We I ain't got nobody to be dusting so I'm right now. And from what I hear, they may have a point. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling. All right. Major pig report, Joe Robby Stadium. There's 20 this 20 of them under there. Underwear. You mean under the bridge? Under the bridge. And what do they do? Have a meeting over there? They are changing phone numbers with a prostitutes. Or what are they doing? There are a couple of weeks now. You're talking on Ivory Road, right? Right by the school's own? That's correct. Unbelievable. That's correct. Thanks for the morning, sir. You got it. Okay. Covered yourselves according to okay. They're having a feeding frenzy. Right over there. Under the overpass, you're over the underpass, right by that school's on Ivory out by the PP Park. Which by the way, that's a lovely intersection. Thank God there's no stoplight with their like there should be. That's one of the great intersections in the history of mankind. Not that I have to try to somehow navigate every morning coming to work, every morning trying to make that turn. 567.0560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Yes, sir. I'm the girl for a time. Call her brother. All right. I'm a teacher and you know, I think that we just stop going back and forth. I think we centralize the problem and focus on the problems at home with the parents. You know, I think that's the number one problem right there, man. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much. I'd be the teacher, teachers, teachers, you know, I want to teach you. And I go out of my way. It's trying to be the best possible person to the classroom and try to, you know, guide the kids the right way. But I mean, without the foreign and support at home, I mean, things don't work. So I mean, we got to talk, you know, blaming the teacher. Well, what does parental support have to do with a 40 year old teacher who's having sex with her students? No. And I haven't had a couple of me shacked up in her condo. Well, okay. I mean, maybe not so much for it. Well, for the support for the teacher, depending on, you know, whatever issues go on in school. In terms of teaching at home, we're going to stuff like that. But I'm saying the kids at home need to be taught more on their ethics. You don't represent to know what's right and wrong. Yeah. I'm going to do that. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. I mean, you know, I think parents need to become most possible and I do agree that there's some teachers out there. I know business being a classroom. But I think we had to focus a little more on the parents. Maybe we could put her to work at a strip joint. Yeah, maybe I think it's a little bit too late for Beth. Okay. I'll have a great day. If they want to one glass thing. Yes, sir. Can I hear the, uh, I'm not saying something. Oh, you got it. Okay. But, two. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound, five, six, the on a mobile one line is super delicious. But you know, when you have the tail end of a cold, the ash end of a little bit of a flu and oh, man, a super really helps to kind of shove everything on out. All that bad stuff that's in your system. I thought I want to get nervous again about my racing out that door. Not yet, but I have a feeling that you can't have any of this cake, but I don't want it. I couldn't, but I was good. I just wanted to say, okay. What kind of cake did he bring? Like a lemon cake with a rum sauce? Hmm. No, I wouldn't even think about it. No way. Not too sweet. No way. But you can't especially after that. I'm not talking about my hair yesterday. We're going to have to still pissed off about. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Uncle Neal. Yes, sir. Are you today? Great. Did I miss something when I went to school? We're all you. Yeah, haven't had any. Where's all these good? Where's all these good teachers when I went to school? All the ones who go on the strip clubs, on the shops, on the stuff. I would love to. But you know, something the deal is that maybe we just didn't know. Yeah. Oh, by the way, if you want to feel better, go to like your local health and store agency and get some of those liquid garlic caps. You know, the ones that have the vitamin, the garlic is a blood purifier. Right. And why have those at home? We'll take them. I'm going to double the dose of the whole bottle down. Take about double the dose. You know, fill them in times better. Okay. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. I'm a great day. Nothing like a little garlic. Baby, to cure all these pills of your intestinal tract, baby. Get your colon cleaned out when it down. Keep that colon clean. That's our message to all your kids out there in radio. Let's keep your colon clean. And when it down, keep it out. Unless it's that proctologist finger, anything else went about, keep it up. Oh, they are going to see talking anal sex and the commission gets real upset about that. By the way, Tom, jick it, discover that story at home. You can't complain about the journalism of this time. My friends, because, guys, what there isn't any. I'm going to suck on something. It's not going to be an oyster. Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges returned to NBC this fall as a Hollywood Pips and his dwarf sidekick in the flesh prints of Val Air. Coleman is hilarious. It's a bitch slapping three foot tall enforcer of high price Beverly Hills Hookers, the flesh prints of Val Air NBC this fall. Not in here. Okay. Oh, no! Oh, the worst thing in the history of my life just happened here. I spilled the rest of my soup. I don't care that I made a mess, because I've never done that up here. And it didn't go into board. And I'll thank God it didn't get on my pantalones, but you know something. This soup was so good. I feel like I still need to pizza. Probably pretty good with the soup on it. No, I'm just I'm just drawn. I can't believe I did that. I never do that. Even as much of a fat slob as I am, I never do that. But you'll be pleased to know an engineering. We didn't get it inside the board or near the board or just uh all over my log. It's on my log, by the way. It's on the log. Oh man, what a horrendous, grotesque. Is it on a floor? Oh, gee! And it's on the floor. But we have a nice plastic thing out of my feet. So no problem. And of course Joe is running around like a maniac in heat. Try to make up for those awful so that's singing thing there at the restaurant here, man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. There's a little puddle. There's a little puddle on the floor. I don't know why I'm that excited because that thing for a mystical hasn't come on yet today. Let's applaud what I hit here. Okay, I'mward Nupport here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hello? Yes sir. I failed to hear like teachers. I'm a teacher myself. I failed to hear teachers talk about as they're going to school to learn to be teachers. They learn a code of ethics. And before they sign their contracting behind, they're also told about the consequences of actions like that of having sex with a teenager getting involved. And I also failed to hear everybody's not making a big deal of how 15 year old boy was a 48-year old teacher. But they seem to forget about seven years ago. They even made a movie about this world of 15 year old kids had sex with a teacher and the teacher convinced them to kill or husband. Right. That's the teacher in the women's life. Right. And they failed to forget this. Yeah, this kid is the only kid. But this person is 34 years old. Has the mentality of a writer, adult, then this kid just keeps only thinking about getting that piece of ass. Right. And she's exploiting him and using drugs and the current, everything to lure him out. And there's no outrage about it. That's the thing that I find amazing. Nobody seems pissed off about. I'm mad at it because I'm a teacher and I work with children during school time and at the school I coached children and I know my ethical point of how far I can go with these kids and what I can say to them and what I'm able to talk to them and I feel to hear the teachers speak about what they learned, what they were going to school to learn to be a teacher of what their main purpose is to make these children good adults to make them, you know, profile adults regardless of what they're teaching to make them, you know, responsible, young people. Yeah. And then and I'm like totally appalled that I have these people calling was not a big deal. If my phone was getting, I wish I was getting it. Right. That's right. It is a big deal. And again, keep in mind that if the worthy reverse of it was a male teacher and it was a 14-year-old girl, the audience would be appalled. We'd have 8 million people, especially the father's calling and saying where do we find it? I got my shotgun. I'll personally go down and blow his brains out because that's the kind of rigged out of what sexist country that we live with. We would have rick fenders on the core health care. Yeah. He's squatting on their head. That's right. Talking about how this is upon, and teachers can't just act like, oh my god, I didn't notice, they learned this. They learned this when they were going to school and even before they find the country. Yeah. They learned them totally upon. And I think that they should be this teacher should be fired and prosecuted to the folks that regardless of sex, whether it's a male teacher or female teacher or principal or anybody, they should be totally taken to the folks and a lot of they should be fired without paying because they did learn this and they have a moral upbringing and they have they have a family that they have to uphold each other, our children are put into our trust by the parents every day for eight months. When you get into a position whether it's a priest, whether it's a scout leader, whether it's a teacher, and a kid that are putting your care and then you abuse them and you exploit it, then you got to face the consequences. I mean, I like to think when these parents drop off these kids to me every day, that in their mind they're, I chose this person for seven hours a day to handle my children with the best of care. And all along here, here's the teacher having sex with the kids. Yeah. And I'm totally upon and I think you need to continue talking about this until something is done. Okay, pal. You have a nice day. Hang in there. A lot of teachers call today by the way, I'll cheer for that. A lot of teachers listening to the show that God, they might learn something here. One of the things that they learned unfortunately is how apathetic they got in public is, but they already know that. They don't need to listen to the show to find that out. Fives, I'm just, I'm just shaking, I'm just as strong for Spelustra a little bit of a left here, which I think I'll drink. I've got my people, maybe I don't know why not, maybe I invented something here. Okay, two great tastes to taste, great together. You're bullying down my chin. Oh my God, scored score. It's dribbling down my chin. I guess that wouldn't be a first. Wow, from home baby, come play with these cities. No thanks. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, sixy. That is not the biggest pile of forcecraft. I have ever seen you tell my first impression life. Nice call. Five, six, seven, five, sixy, five, sixy, five, sixy, five, sixy, five, sixy, on the full one line. Yeah, let's just make, we got enough drop-ins now. I could just have, I wouldn't have had a spill of soup. I could have had my lunch and piece and we'll just play dramatic drops. Don't think he's doing a show. Were you fudge back then? See there you go, fits right in. So to speak, here's a mobile and four-later nail. Hello. Okay, great. A crank call that we couldn't understand. That's my favorite. That was real good. I couldn't even get it. Yeah, okay, back to you. Five, six, seven, probably school board guy. Five, six, seven, five, sixy, pound five, sixy, on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the game. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Another case you're mulling with you. Get off the knee uh, it's all more out. I mean, teachers are taught, we're taught that two things you can't do at school. And those are money and touch the students. Now you have these two teachers up and forward-later to the little that we're having in this sex club. Now that's being totally exploited and the school board's making a big bruhahah about it and putting them on the spotlight. You got those teachers. You're by contract, you are supposed to maintain higher moral standards, which means you can't be an alcoholic get in slosh at the local pub. Parents are other students seeing you. So they the school board has a legitimate gripe with those teachers. I think it's outrageous though because when you have teachers molesting students, the school board wants to keep it all quiet, hush it up and try to settle out of court and just you know, transfer the teacher to a different school. They're in a high school and they mess around with the student, they hush it up and they send them to an elementary school. Get them out or from a adult, you know, almost, you know, almost settle down like the church to me. Right? Yeah. They want to like carry flag and saying you see we're trying to protect the students. These two teachers in the sex club were really given it to them. I wonder how many students were in there? Well, none. You know, it's just that the school board is so hypocritical. They want to keep everything very quiet, you know, when students are heard or you know, or put in harm's way, let's just shut it up and maybe it'll go away. Yeah. And the same thing with the hands, but it hasn't that been a way in the public school system for even when I was going to school. Sweet everything out of the carpet. Don't make any waves keep it quiet because otherwise we're in deep crap. But here's something where no students will harm. So let's make this one, you know, let's keep this one out and out and you open the make it noisy. So the sheet that we are doing our best to make sure the classrooms are safe and wired. And you know, something that those teachers were. If those people's privacy had been respected, those teachers names would never been released in the first place, which they shouldn't have been, then the students would have would have no different opinion of them. I need to do it anybody else. But you know, that's the media and that's, you know, that's a lot of things. So you can know one person is to blame. I think we need to heart more on these police officers with the 16 year old in Kendall. I'm really upset that that's been sort of hushed down. Well, then more than my breath, let me know when to exhale. With the county, you know, threatened to cancel the Harold subscription or something, uh, something's up. But okay. Thank you for the voice. Thank you. 5605060, Pond 560, Unableable One Line. We got our red pepper cord log here today. One of the finest logs I've ever seen. I might just look the log before I get out of here. Anybody not even said we're looked the log? Uh-huh. I'll bet you did. George is having quite a conversation that would join there. And I bet you if I said crap on here, real fast, you wouldn't hear about 21 before one at five 60 W. I'm not one. And you know, the interesting part about that is that Joe told me when we had dinner, the event that it's always you. That's always you. Papa, Papa, what is professional Cuban crap? That's what he told me. He said, if you don't stop that, he's going to start wondering. - Uhm  gonna cheer up.   dynamics come into your eyes down in the, Yanwood, yo look. everywhere I think my bladder will pop, I'm not singing this song, I'm not singing this song Yeah, I'm not dancing, I'm not dancing There's an empty body of sleep, and I'll try to obey the street Making me win the battle, I'll try to stop with don't see me When you're stuck inside your spot, your your reference in a dust You've got to make a urination, grab a bottle, and fly Gotta be reenacted, I'm not looking back, get you to the fall of the crowd, I'm not looking back Gotta be reenacted, I'm not looking back, don't see me I'll be a coincidence, I'm having a hell of a yearning for more of the street food, no? I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm not looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm looking back, I'm only looking for a place where you feel that's not pretty, it's beautiful, there's invisible to everybody else, we could move closer to them, has a wonderful back I can't say it today. I've only said that a major time RB out there, which is real spicy sauce. I love that. I love it. I just can't say it Thank you, Jimmy, or hell of a guy, man. We did like I said we struck them. We hit the mother load like faith. Then we said a network 567. 0560 pound pound. They're calling in the sandwich Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, hi, this is Stephen Bokeh. It's fine You're so much soup. I just built some soup on my log myself. I like that great minds work a lot man Well, I appreciate that I I've been laughing almost when off the road I'm about to teach her stuff because I I grew up a long Island pretty upscale area Yeah, and I used to do she if you know, I didn't know what was going on really a little naive and my eight great science teaches gorgeous Plondon authorities Started inviting me over our house for these fruit drinks. She was a health freak. Thanks to go over a house We used to pound it out for a days. All right. I mean over a theory about a year and a half But how old were you? I was in a trade. I had the transfer from private school to public school and a trade Let's hear about 14. I'm 13 and a half It came just that half, but we are telling you this third-party quarter is where I'm the greatest this woman taught me everything Yeah, and she had this big German husband to hers and He used to come home and I'd run out the back door and stuff who is wild It's been up for a year and a half and I had another teacher I was doing another teacher once in a 12th grade and it was like, please I don't know what these people's problems are so what I didn't even tell anybody about it If I could just my thing I was doing it and went to school and everything was great move on Now, now what have you would have been a 13 and a half year old girl and it would have been a guy the two What I really I got a daughter and if that was happening my I tell them Okay Yeah, like I said oh, yes, what the suit or start to work like crazy This would be I don't want to have this any oh, it's got nothing to do with the super rating I'll sit those Halls mental lipos with the sorbitral in this morning. Why did I do that? You know, I roughed through all that's true I still had a little bit of a raw scratchy throat from this cold. I'm getting over and they do help a lot But you know in that particular case whether you're fat or diabetic or what better to stick with a sugar ones Okay, they don't buy any more of those get the ones with the smell like those yeah Well, buy them for you and okay, I'll buy you some of the sugar when it because it'll be made home any someone honey lemon is there a common that? Here's a mobile in April. Hello. What's up Neil? Yes, sir. I just have back from lunch and I haven't lunch with my fiance Crazy guy walks in where it headphones and just put in our out at the time and the wait just comes over So pay attention to me does it all the time I go over to what do you listen to Neil Rogers? There you go and all the crazy people listen to the show and have a great time That's why I do and I call we with the ball of flaming doos friends. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Bye Okay, there's a mobile over in April. It's not the only thing we love our friends in a West Coast all 500 And baby we got a real thing going over there in the Naples and four miles and wherever else All the other go in over there they love us of course. They're you know a little bit nervous that they get caught listening, but nevertheless 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 animal mobile one line could I make it till two or clocked you think? I don't know I don't see any reason especially with my tremendous skills Plus I don't want to get graphic in the middle of lunch hour, but the next one's gonna be real easy. I mean. Oh, yeah No, you think I was in back fast the last time this will be you won't even miss me I won't be gone at long the next as soon as the moment strikes as lightning strikes Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello, hey Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir? You know, I think a lot of this problem is parents themselves I believe that the parents don't know where the kids are so they must have a lot of time on their hands Those sexes not wrong I think I think that I'm in place for you know If I did a pretty far stretch that we got people here especially sexes guys trying to justify a 40 year old woman having sex with a 14 year old boy You know Well, I don't know if I justify it or not 39 maybe but maybe maybe the manipulation was you know and the the alcohol and the drugs That's wrong. Yeah, well, we all agree on that I just I that's where you really blew it so I think I think parents need to What's with their kids are yeah if there be an epinopians what would if you had a 15 or 14 year old son and he came home I do okay, and he came over the car one day Wouldn't you be a little bit so I pay any I would come from pala We would you get that wouldn't you feel like that car? Yeah, we should license number one right that each I don't know whether it had a license or not, but if you know I know where my sons are right now He's over the high school play football Okay, that's what they also when they go because I make sure that's where you that I go while and I watch some of his practices Right, I get involved with my child. I know where my child is good. If my child is over at another friend's house Then I know that the parents fear know where they are What they're doing? You're just not gonna go run the streets and be with his friends that whether have backwards and Your drawers hanging down on their ass You know absolutely I would not let my child do that good And and and the teachers themselves this is the thing is like a baseball and even at a baseball rule box It you look up section 900 and in there it says That Unpires are supposed to be left Unapproachable what are these what are these teachers doing? You know these teachers are are there they're they're hanging I've seen my my kids have teachers that are that are mean and nasty yeah and I see this all the time and when it an Until the government decides to start cracking down on this whole situation it's not gonna get any better And we have a lot of problems and They're just not gonna get any better until they just start dealing with them six I did that Well, I know I had that set up for you But it's good I do Kind of like stick it in folks I'd like to see a song About me About the way our American hearts be laid down in the bottom of our chest About that special feeling we get in that time of life It was a little bit tough It's the most up top layer Maybe in the living In the case Even in the toilet I Just do Joe with a regular jump on your average white Super good nice Wow, I like the fall and poor knowledge What's about for I got an average house Where did I start with floor my wife and my job my kids and my car I'm gonna fail and I can't do this The girl But sometimes I'm just Kind of like me I don't know No No, I've gotta go I don't have fun It's someone else's existence Well yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I tried really Oh And the ultra fat plane Well people The same We are going And I'm gonna No No No No No Come on up No No No No No Hi I'm like toilet And I can't see I walk around in the summer time Say it I'll pass this Yeah I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Yes Go Go Go I'm so proud In the Andy-Camp Space Well Andy-Camp People They can be kept The same It's a fun I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go Go I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go Go Baby I Should be Baby I'm gonna Go Right Together Right We gotta We gotta We gotta Go Maybe They're right Today Tell They are Go Go No I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go Go Come on That's Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get like So When I think Fifty-seven Family Killed a lot of A personal High Big With a whale In a hopcat In all other Cow and Period In Think Round Maybe See a line For a headline Yeah I'm gonna cry I'm gonna cry I'm gonna say I'm 150 Mow For I Just getting one model for gallons I'm not gonna get one model for gallons When I'm gun stuck And now those weekfall Girls I'm gonna white-flame up The American Flag And then I'm gonna drop the Sirels on containers Red-up inside And then I'm gonna get a damn thing Anybody can do a button You know why Because I'm fleeing That's the bottom That's why Two words No Clear Fucking Let's Go Russia Germany From Many I think And have all of them I think they want to think And have a thing to I think they want to take Walkway to the middle It's getting a mixture I said And it won't make a lick A difference They're going to be a dweying Got some of them So Guys John Williams And He's frozen And it's always Find a cure for cancer We're gonna Bought out the zooms And he's gonna be pretty pissed off You know why I'm just gonna take it a cold shower I'm gonna apply that By 15 million times I'm stuck That's how pissed off the zooms From I mean I'm gonna get a zooms And John has a setting And we are in the hands And second time And it's a crazy And try to not affect Things You don't use really On And hold That you just shut up Things That's odd But I'm gonna Go Go Go Go Go I've got that And with all apologies that caller was just a rousing success. Okay, we couldn't wait another three seconds. Oh, my God, it's the one to do our. Hi, I'm Dr. Laura Slesinger. And I'm here to tell you a little bit about Douching. Because it takes a real sour post-bitch like me to tell you how to do it right. You don't know how to do it anyway, probably too stupid. Well, what I do is I spread my legs like this, kind of upside down, and squish in, on the Rosalemins. Nothing works better than on the Rosalemins. Give it a little squish. All right. And the reason I play that is because Brian and Boiton Beach facts is me a thing from Hustle Magazine. Guess who's the asshole at the mouth? It's Dr. Laura. It's excellent. I'm going to Larry Flint. Got a whole long, I read it to say a great article. I've time to read it on here, but a whole list of things about what I'm lying. Bitch, she is, you know. She'd brag that she put her career on hold for her son's infancy, but she doesn't reveal that she had three incomes during the boys childhood. She preaches on her time mother, but has been estranged from her own mother for 15 years, and has never introduced the woman to her son. She frowned on inter-maced marriages her husband, raised the Piscopeidian, has not converted to Judaism. She talks of being poverty-stricken while her husband was out of work, but he can't remember an extended period of unemployment. He can't against people who divorce and leave children, her husband was a married father of three when she met him. She has no patience with anyone of complaints of poverty, but her show runs ads for Italian vacations, and BMW 7-Series had they in. She preaches appropriation over a career, but what did until she was at the age of a grandma to drop her one kid? She flaunts family, values, and societal structure. Yet sticks her kid with a surname, slush, and instead of a name of her husband, I'm Judge Mendel, she boasts the Bible Cauchons judge not. These are just ten of the stupid things that make Dr. Lorraine asshole mess. Let's hear it. Larry Flynn again, okay, host the magazine. Dr. Lorraine, she'd be the asshole of the month. Thank you, Brian. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th T-line blog. Tell you that soup I think is what really put me back on the, or even keel here, and got the last, and stuff out of my system. Yeah, thanks a lot, Jim. Here's, perine, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Was the guy talking about Aspertain? What a while ago. Got cut off. Oh, sorry about that. Well, that was only a couple hours ago. Let's start all over again. Yeah, now is lightning strike. It took us on out. Was that what it was? Don't tell me it's pouring again out there. Uh, it's thunder and fruity path. Oh, for a crime outlock. Jesus Christ, it started to get like Florida down here. Oh, yeah, three-day keel. Man, I'm a sick of it. Definitely. Anyway, what the Aspertain, why they were talking to you about? The problem when you drink it in a diet zone, or eat it in a product or whatever. Yeah. Exactly. It, uh, methanol comes out of it, and it sits in your system and poisoned you. And then the methanol breaks down into formaldehyde. Oh, and you know, that will do. And it'll make you sick. Yeah. That big time. And, uh, it's a slow, cumulative poisoning that, you know, every time you drink it or ingest it, it builds up and builds up and builds up. But that's what happened. David Crossby was not that booze. I bet you was Aspertain. Hey, I'm pretty big. Yeah, that was a group. Well, what the problem is, like with the methanol, it, it serves as a generate your optic nerves and it causes dry eyes and all. A whole slew of problems. And, uh, no more diet sodas for this kid. I've drank, I've drunk my last, uh, I've had it. You know, I'm curious about that. You know, when you want to play in the Asked, they offer you a beverage, which for the money that they're charged. And even if you don't want to eat their crappy food, you're going to have the beverage. Get your club soda, parier, something like that. You don't have to have a stupid diet coke. Remember the fence end product that was out of law? So, all rates for losing weight, fetal felony, which is major component of it. Right. And asked for tame as well, which is a major lead problem. Great. Very bad. It's like nothing good in it all. And the big kick of the diet sodas is that after you have it for a while, it actually promotes weight gain. And most people think they're going to be a lot of stuff. I think you've just hit on my problem. You know, I haven't been in, I stay the same. And even when I have really great days, two, three, four of them in a row. That scale won't barely budge. And then if that goddamn diet sodas, right, that even Akin's by the way on his diet says some people who are like, have an allergic reaction to it, it prevents them from losing any weight at all. Yep. I think he's got his thumb on it. It's unbelievable. Hey, what I wanted to ask you before I go, when you run the best of shows, do you pick those or just manage them pick them or what? I'm a little bit concerned. George picks them. I don't pick them. But what he who does, whoever shows up to run it. Because I'm looking back from over here. So we don't run that many. Only when George and I are both out or like it's in the official holiday, we both have the day off. So there's a stack of mobile, but there are whoever comes in there. Pick it. Because like last Friday, you guys ran one. And it was, you had said you were like, you're seven weeks back from your regular, when you're left, dial the and came back to the radio. And then you were talking about a store where you had to run two of the same commercial breaks in the same five minutes spot. And when you're walking out to your car after the show two, clock, one of your co-workers comes out and was talking to you about it. And then some ditch, Lou and or screw in. And then some guy, you know, you're screaming for a meeting this guy like a child. And you were going on and on. No, that was the water not the show. Yeah. The water not to you. That's the one. Do you either, whatever it was, you were just ripping you and the new one. Good. Well, you don't have to double pick that one. I'll see you must do it on purpose. It was hilarious because they were running it again and again. And they're like, yes, they're like, massive to say to them. They like to use them. So we get a run on the air. Yeah. You know, actually the producers, whoever's in working at day picks it up, and actually they hate these people like poison. So they do it on purpose. Right. Why is that good? That's good over left and right. They're not making enough money to rub both together. Okay. That's a great day. Okay. No more of that crap. No more ass per team. Okay. Ass is okay. But no ass per team. That's the message for all you kids out there. Okay. Get in blown away. That's the American way. But get in blown. That bad. That'd be real bad. Except if it's in the oral office. Show me yours. I'll show you mine. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. She said I was too old these. Did some sense and wore a leaf. Now she's got these. Look done. These. I got a problem in the energy. But no one's is up. That's the mind that's standing around the ground. Have a slip for three days now. Whoa. Wow. Wow. Wow. A bottle of water. A bottle of water. Some weight and rope. Ram. You're the afraid. How many drugs do I have to say? You're the most like every fall in our life. In order to be. You've decided to live up. And there's keys. So that's my heart. It's going to be the only. Wow. You've decided to win. I got one. I got one. I got a kid. And I got a kid. And I got a kid. And I got a kid. And I got a kid. But I got a jakster. And I got a with great guts. So you started to treat me for no reason or not. So if that hurts, I went down shit cause of myself. I had a high retreat, I  that predicament. Because you'd never leave me with a pain. The pain... I got you in six, seven editions bad. Your Beckett 145 was both 1945 and 83. I was that kind of format. I was that kind of format. I think back of all of these episodes. That was the fact that boys weren't there very long before we should add some great stories. Including fat boy by the way, and you know something fat boy I'll tell you what. By 2 o'clock 46 and a half minutes from now, and I know you've been in the building with your big fat hungry body all day long because we haven't inspired reports on it. Either I'm going to have that parrot tickets for some dolphin game to see me to add for for some friend of mine. Either I'm going to have those, or I want my dolphin bills tickets and a parking pad back that I gave you. And I have no idea why I gave him the, in a moment of weakness, in a moment of hallucin any kind of judgment at all. What a lying, big sack of crap. Oh yeah, paley, I'm getting into the, I'll bring me tomorrow. He's in the building at a course laying low because he knows God damn well. He don't have any dolphin tickets because very, very probably wouldn't even look at him. Nice go on fat boy. He was a piece of crap on 79th street. He was a big fat, smelly piece of turtid passion and a gruddle over here and he's still the same. Here's the facts from Barton West Palm. He says a kindergarten teacher decides he's going to give a lesson I've picked about the five senses. He wants to start with taste. So if you bring flavored sucking candies to class, blindfold the children and ask them each to taste one. The students have no problem identifying the cherry and lime flavors or when it comes to the high suckers, they're stump. I'll give you a hint at teacher says, you may sometimes hear your mowies and daddy's colleagues other this flavor at home. Spit them out, spit them out, cries one child, they're assholes. Ha ha ha. All right. Five six seven. Five. Five six seven. Five six eight pound five sixty on the AT and T line. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Hello. Okay sir. So what's all the confusion about when people are old enough to have sex? You know, it's all confusion. Yeah. It's like you can't see the forest from the trees and yeah. I can't see it. I can't see it. How about the whole audience? Can they see it? I guess that. Are you the one that can see it? You're the one. The world in this into the world of your realities. Well, the answer comes from Mother Nature and Biology. Yeah. It's a puberty. Meaning what? That's that's when someone's old enough to have sex. We're not talking about physically capable of having it. When is it acceptable? In other words, afford your teachers on your. You're the. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. You know who that sounded like? That sounded like the same pedophile I call. That somebody said he works for that radio station. Was I don't want to say radio marty? We're getting that confirmed. By the way. I'm pretty sure all of you didn't sound quite as mellow. We had not quite as good a phone line today. But that somewhat mellow sounding. I said this guy sounds like a radio guy. Who is this member of that? And oh yeah, he likes sitting in a mall watching children. You know, I got to do this for sure. Whether you believe this or not, there's there are few things in the world that make me more nauseous than pedophiles. And people who pray upon little children makes me nauseous. Makes me want to barf. And you happen to be one of them very obviously. And you could tell that from your previous call. We do know who you are. And just don't waste my time anymore. Okay, asshole. God, just just pathetic. nauseating. Yeah, puberty. In other words, whenever we're out of that first hair sprouts, that's okay. You're old enough. If it's old enough to pee, it's old enough for me. That's what you said. No, that wasn't the pedophile from before. Oh, it was a different pedophile. No, that's me. Are you serious? The pedophile from before called off an admitted. He's a different pedophile. So we have a bunch of pedophiles out there. Good. We're collecting numbers by the way. So when we turn them over, we can do it all at one time. And it's a matter of fact, since I'm in such a thoroughly moved now about those dolphin tickets, when we turn those numbers in, I'll give you the name of that guy that used to work at I-95 before became Zeta. Who, by the way, did I ever tell it and he got married? And the woman that he got married to, it's her second marriage. She's got a teenage son. A young teenage son. Of course, this was a few years ago, but nevertheless. Oh boy, it's just the week goes on. Maybe here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I think you'd be glad to hear that I helped you to break in the asshole bit. Are you 37 minutes in 19 seconds? This man deserves a medal. A couple of hearts. Thank you, sir. I've lost you. Yes. Less six mosquito bites. All right. Now, real quick. Yeah, I thought it's starting to get like Florida here now. Real quick. I was, I was board up basically in the 70s and my parents used to always tell me to listen to the teachers or basically your parent when you're out at home. Now, I'm saying the same thing to my kids. Now, I'm thinking of rethinking that because of the way they're acting and, you know, the way things are going on. I'm not talking about the sex clubs because that's their own time. But as far as it's almost like praying on little kids that he said before. So that's really that's gotten me up at arms and I'm like looking at my daughter. I'm like, well, don't listen to anybody. Just do what you wanted. How old is your daughter? Seven. Seven. You can imagine seven years when your daughter gets to the 14. And if there's a 40 year old science teacher say in her high school or middle school, whatever she'll be at that time middle school. And you find out that your daughter's having sex with this 40 year old man. I will guarantee her. I know what your reaction will be. Well, I know that it's too much to read that date. That's right. That's right. One quick thing about the police thing. I live up north basically open park in a couple weeks ago. Had a car stop a couple kids on a bike. They were telling each other, you know, writing on the handlebars. It's tough like that. For rastom, follow them down the street. Make sure they didn't get back off. A couple weeks later through these big storms. There was a we had a flood say about a few needs when you standing up. A lady was stuck in a car with the kid. Cops your pastor. Not trying to help her. But when he came to the kids in a bike, they jumped out and they, you know, they tell them Get off the bikes and go. And I love it. I got into one. You know, I don't know what, well, maybe you think this this morning because they didn't really see any porters on the road. But I was thinking about the conversation we had the other day about cops harassing the public, which I always talk about for to serve and protect those are the two words we're always hearing about. That's the definition of the job of a policeman to serve and protect not to harass, not to annoy, not to intrude serve and protect period and we're paying their salary. They would have been a service if they would have helped her. And one more thing before I go now. Yes, sir. I love you, man. Okay. Cheers. Bye. Well, there's Madonna. What? 560, 560, pound 560, I don't like her. I do like that song though. I do like maybe, and it's not just because of Austin Powers. I like the song. It's a good song. What is it called? Stranger, beautiful stranger. So even I see I try to block those things out of my mind. Like that boys. You hear what the ticket yet? Oh, no. See if I find out that he's been yanking my chain again about that. And not that it's a big deal. I don't owe this porter at the, you know, airport any tickets, or anything. But he's a nice guy and I always have a chat with him. He's always very nice to me. And, you know, why the hell not? Do something nice for somebody. And if you can't do it then don't all the end. I'll probably, I'll go see. I'm not a, this was on Monday. Today is Thursday. It's getting perilously posted there the week. I said, I needed by Friday. I want them by Friday. And we've seen Hyden or here are the fat cow today. No. No. Maybe he's over in Hyalea. Here's Davey. Hello. Greetings, Lord Rogers. Yes, sir. Did you see this thing on the news the other day about, uh, there was a tree somewhere in South Florida. I remember the city, but some of them are a chain in South Florida. Yeah, and some barks are off as it. And some lady thought that it was the, uh, and the image of the Virgin Mary. All right. All right. When comes up with candles and cards. Start lighting it. There's hundreds of people there praying to the, Oh, all right. Now, there's then they have this one. Oh, my God. That's why I love that. And there's one lady who comes. She goes, I don't believe in, I don't go to church or believe in God, but I believe in this. It was ridiculous. I could put me in believe it. Doug, but she under, oh, that's right. It was the 18th of which five days after she appeared at Roboza Lopez's house in Hollywood, I forgot to see his everywhere. Uh, uh, hey, can I get a request? Yes, sir. Uh, Buffalo Bill lotion in the basket for my brother who's down, visiting from the Jersey. Okay. You got it. Thanks. Have a great day. You're good. Watch out. I think she's barking up the wrong tree myself. This is Debbie. Hello, Debbie. I'm just sitting there in some operations town. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And there's wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many press, surgery, face gift, all of these things. Mm-hmm. There's wondering, Oh, you like to start with? Well, I, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my, my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I'm not there. It would be the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamps stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Oh, what will I have to see you first and then I'm on look in actually we can tell you that only to you? Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Ah, if you'd like to? It puts the lotion in the basket. Well, you like to make a appointment? Yes. Okay. Um. If there is a hundred dollar consultation fee? That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay, my name is buffer will be okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay, you might normally use right. It's the notion in the basket. I understand. It was the notion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation? It's the notion in the basket. Okay, you would like to make it a point when I do want to call me back. What's the notion in the basket? I understand. It works the notion in the basket. I understand that. What you like to make it a point? It works the notion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the trim. Okay. It works the notion in the basket. 1,23, at 5,60, WCM, we got chairs at Gagg between 2 and 4,30, we apologize. But in any rate, so a fact will I call up George during the while we were listening to that? And tells him about a beat, but a boot, but about a rate peri-de-niss, and this one did that. And he don't have him. See, I think if I take back, I never want to be an Indian. You're right. Never do that. But in this case, I would make an exception because if I took back the bills off and took it to the parking pass, that would sell two problems. Number one, I would correct the mistake that I made by giving them two in the first place. And that would provide me with tickets to the parking pass to give to a guy who's a good guy. That I promised them to. That would solve a lot of problems. That are great. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I think I'm going to be a great student. So I'm going to please all of a sudden. I'll give you a call up here in that small bit. Just call it just like I'm going to go. You see our job is to serve and protect which you're absolutely right. Our job is also to enforce the law. And if that guy had half of the brain in his head, he realized that when we stop these kids that are so on our bicycles, we use the small statutes. Small reasons like that to stop and you pay and check kids out. And if you had any brains that all I'd realized that these are the kids that are doing burglaries and robberies and things of that nature, I can't tell you how many times I've got both guns and dope and done those. What else all these kids do? Yeah. And it all starts out with a simple thing like so on the bicycle or something like that. And it's a shame that, you know, Conance like that just perpetuate this resentment towards law enforcement. Well, there is a lot of resentment because people get tired of the radar traps and the speed traps and the N6 club braids and all the other craps. Yeah, you write a score as a prosecution tonight. I agree with you as far as that. But what would this decide to be like without trafficking force? If we didn't run radar, we wouldn't be driving like a plus. Can I tell you something? I want to tell you something. Yes, you know, every Wednesday not to go to Pompo Park, okay? And I get off the turnpike there and I make my right on Atlantic and I make the turnpike power line. Now, I don't know if you're familiar with that intersection Atlantic and power line. Very heavily traffic, okay? Travel. And this is about 545 in middle of our chart traffic. This happens every week. In last night, I counted six after the light hit. The red light. Plus the main director, the left turn. Yeah, the other way on to power line, go and ride six. Six pairs, because it's a double you know, turn line. Yeah, turn down the freezing. Thinking to myself how long is it going to be before somebody starts doing something about this. It's got to stop. You call the. Have an epidemic of this down here. You need to call the chief up on that agency and request to an enforcement of that particular section. But every cop, I know, including myself, we do this job with integrity and dedication. and dedication to serve the public. And people need to realize that. When you come home and your doors pride open from a regular workforce one through the door, we would just appreciate this a little more respect and understanding of our jobs. It's very frustrating that you, and I don't know how much of a law biting center tonight, that I was, but a little appreciation will be nice, we work hard. Well, I think we are. I'm, we all appreciate good cops, but, you know, there are, well, the methods are plenty. Just to show what I'm sure you agree with this, that there's more integrity and less criminal activity from police officers than the clergy. Well, that's good. That's good. Well, you won't get any debate on that here. Yeah, I hear you there. Okay, pal. Thanks for letting me get on the phone, bud. But then it's just a big day. Okay, I'm requesting officially whoever's in charge up there in Pompano Beach, Atlantic and Power Line, do something before a whole bunch of people get killed up there. It's only a miracle. We're talking six, seven, eight people. Just come flying around there long after the light is turned red. The, the left turn light. And you know that because you're like to go straight ahead is green, so it doesn't take a rocket side just to figure out that they're running to God damn light. It's everywhere. It's not just there. But that's one of the worst. You have never, they just come flying around there. And God forbid that you should be sitting there waiting to make your turn. I'm forget about turn, right turn on, right? I'm talking about making a turn on a green light because they'll kill your ass. Speaking of Pompano Park by the way, and it's a good thing I read the program and listen carefully because David Horrod, is he telling me what's going on over there? No, Carol, how does he tell me? No, no, sales person has got to check out. No, he needs to know penis, whatever his name is. So anyway, Pompano Park last night, they announced that this weekend, we got live racing, Friday, and Saturday. And then we have no more live racing until September 3rd. We got simultaneous to give you the Monday to Saturday, but they're going to take a couple of weeks off from live racing. And after what I saw last night by the way, not a bad idea. But at any rate, so here's the deal. We got simultaneous casting today being the Thursday, freehold at one o'clock, started half hour ago, Buffalo Raceway 115. Tonight's Saturday, down, Daniel Highlight, Rose Croft, Meadows, Hazel Park, Woodline Yonkers, who's your bell moral. So you've got plenty of action and plenty of reasoning out to Pompano Park, Monday to Saturday, but don't forget live racing resumes on Friday, September 3rd, with the Wednesday Friday and Saturday schedule right through the summertime at Pompano Harness. This is 560, you a.l. There's no fact in the church. Now the folks depends on you. And the powers you go down. Did you save his life? Did you fly? Did you fly? He's got a God going at you. No! No! No! No! No! Oh, it's the party! You have a brand new style too. We love the way you watch your doom. We take the onion chips and the freak you like. You're spending those two out of friends. You're a great party! You're a great party! You're a great party! You're a great party! You're a great party! You're a great party! You're a great party! So I pade a bucket of snow. STRENTATER I've got furniture to tell. Get to thatate thatuous home. We're a building, God will be vulnerable Peace, hush, hush, plight, glory, all, all Holyheartedly. Oh, oh, oh, oh! Holyheartedly. Oh, oh, oh, oh! I'm not going to be speaking about a whole crap about dolphin tickets. Remember your group close personal friend that you liked so much and then I can't stand Peter Leonard. We're here like two days ago and I told him the same thing about I could sure use those tickets. And that was going to let me down. Oh no problem. I'm going to say bye bye bye bye. I'm okay. I want to know what's happening. What's doing? I'll go get him. Have we seen him since? No. No. She want to go about IOD. Say what you will. But when they had the dolphin games and we were over there, if I needed to pair tickets for the dolphins or whatever it would be. Whether it was for me or somebody else or grandma Moses, I didn't have to do it was just mentioned it. Before long, Gary Mills or Jeff Clark or Rick Alpo or somebody. Sales will come by. Hey, here you go. Here's a pair tickets parking pass. You know. Does that happen here? No. No. And of course, I would be they also been charges per station paraphernalia like cats and t-shirts and stuff like that. You have the price tag on those, right? No. But those shirts? You'll never guess 25 bucks. A 30, 30, 30. 30 dollars? For that, for piece of crap to you, I am sure. Shirts and caps and they're charging the hired hands here to buy their own promotional stuff. That's how cheap the bees leaves are. Hey, it's just unconsumable. It's unbelievable. By the way, here's the facts because I like to give all sides of all stories from Dr. Dean Dell on the internet about the Asperateem hoax. And I don't know. I would like to believe this. It says I'd like to say congratulations to Tom Magazine for sending the record straight on the Artificial Suite in the Raspberry team. This is from way back in February this year, by the way. As you may know, there's been a denue to the inaccurate information being set over the internet about this sweetener. In a full page through a time, the Bunks, the email attack on Asperateem by using good old investigative journalism. The email barrage against the Asperateem makes various negative claims in the timewriter checked each one out. What she discovered was they were indeed unsubstantiated or downright bogus. For example, writer Christina German looked into one claim that Asperateem leads to method all toxicity in her conclusion was not even close. She knows that there's four times as much method all in a glass to make her juice that there is in a can of Asperateem sweetensota. And our bodies have no trouble handling such a small amount. And it goes on and on and on and says, beware any of the crappy read on the internet to which I would say amen to that. All of the only all those ridiculous stories about the proctor in gamble and the guests that supposedly ran with Sally Jesse. I mean, there are more lies and more distorts that involve more bull crap that they draw a job on the internet. Dread job. 560505050 on the 18T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yes sir. How are you today? Okay. Good. I'm back to the steal the woman to sex with a minor. Although there was drugs of all I definitely disapprove of that. However, I'm not mistaken. Maybe I'm mistaken. I'm not sure maybe you can tell me in the state of Florida is it not legal for someone to marry a minor. I don't know. I really don't know about that. I'm sure it must be. I mean, there are people under a 17 of you. I'm not sure. Yeah. Well, that kind of set the double standard. I know you can't tell me that only folks that are married and minors I can't say it's a lot of them. But people that do it and they're just not having sex now. Not a lot of things. But let's wait until the state says, okay, now you can go ahead and do it. I set their self up for a life of misery by being married to someone first. Then you're allowed to have sex with a minor. Right. All right. Well, that's all I had. I'm going to call somebody a do-spat. Yes sir. Brandon on your way to Westball, you are a major do-spat. Okay. Take care. 56050560 on the AT&T line. There are audiences all over the place on this. I think it's almost the anonymous degree on the drugs and the cocaine and the acid and by and the car and all of these things. But on the sex partners, they tremendous ambiguity here, which you would, it's kind of surprising to me because I think that when you're reading about a 40 year old woman having sex with a 14 year old boy, especially in this case, who are being the teacher of the class and also check out a bunch of kids underage kids in her condo that people would be just screening bloody murder, but they're not. However, it's also been unanimous that if it was a girl who was the 14 year old, and if it was their daughter, that they'd be no person's asked. 5605050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Neil, that's got pretty good sir. Listen, I had a call on the dress that Tom asked cop. I was looking through life in his rose color glasses there. The college of few minutes ago. I mean, give me a break. Even the example he gave. Oh my, why do I be free again? Well, let me give you the good news. I did my little pitch and a trooper from up there in that pop-o-beats area called George. And he's going to take it into his own hands. They're going to start patrolling that power line Atlantic and watching for these assholes run in light. But then we go ahead. That's fine. That's fine. If they're actually doing legitimate things that are actually, you know, creating a safer environment for us to live. And that's fine. Right. So that means it's fine protect. Right. But the fact that a matter of his key carries all these examples of the one I really impressed me was a fact that, Oh, we have higher moral sounds than the clergy. That's pretty impressive. Yeah, that's tough. Yeah. Yeah, that's a pretty good example. He should have felt radio sales people. I would have been good. I got to give you a quick story. And this is a guy's, well, whatever's whoever's honest. The fact of the matter is I have some good friends of mine who have to be a little darkening Suppression in myself. And I can't tell you how many more times way more than ten let's say. Where I've ridden with him and he has been stared at, he has been pulled over, he has been harassed. Just for the fact that, yeah, he makes a pretty good income. He tries to hide dollar vehicle. And it's the same old stereotype. And I understand there. I understand there. I understand. I understand. I mean, if you don't know. I'm just kidding. If you did, I mean, it's pretty much right around anyway. No. He's legit guy. Him and his wife are both CPAs that make a real good living. Now, I understand that the majority, it's a delight. I mean, the majority, I hate to say this, but I mean, obviously the majority, what they do with this probably, you know, your minorities and so forth. But he can't carry that stereotype through everyone. You've got to give him a chance at least. And this guy doesn't realize that I also have friends that are cops that, I mean, they're friends of mine, but they still discuss me at times because I listen to the way they talk. And I listen to the way they carry out. Well, I understand where the guy's coming from. He's a cop and evidently, he's conscientious and he's, you know, is we're trying very hard to do good job in there. I mean, however, for a cop and stop for to be talking about the high standards of law enforcement people. In this area, I mean, people are just going to be a pain in their pants laughing because there is a day goes by that we don't have another horrendous scandal story going on here. It's completely choking. Let me ask you this. You know, if you had a certain problem with a certain type of person, be it any type of person. Right. Okay. What's your opinion going to be about that group of people later on in life when you experience it? It's going to be loud if you, right? Well, guess what? People have a loud attitude towards cops for the most part and then show a little respect to the fact that there's no respect shown that empire in their life. Right. And people don't want to be harassed. They don't want to feel like we're paying somebody's salary to hassle us. That's not what we're paying people to do. Right. I mean, if I'm doing something wrong and you straighten me out fine, I have no problem with you. But if I'm just, I mean, it's unbelievable the double standard, which, I mean, even in our own lives, they're most of the most part of the biggest hypocrites I've ever seen in my life. So, I'll pass the word on. I had a bet. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Our poll question today is who do you trust more your neighborhood cop or your local priest? Pyrotate, Power of Cuba. Pyrotate, Power of Cuba. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Let's send you this sound of God's heart falling. Oh, I could be in the middle of the street there. You think about 2 million there like JFK? Yeah. Okay. I got a time flight. Pyrotate. Okay. I got a time flight. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Sheep and trapeze. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. I had the POPBOs in the air. Pyrotate. Now, Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. From what they call this kind of a new curse. Pyrotate. If you're sorry to be killed down in the world alive, she's saved. Here up it's only going to get worse. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. You got a time flight. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Pyrotate. Oh, don't blame us. Let's take a look at Brian. 1, 45 at 5, 60 WC, and although we do agree. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, and 80 WC, here's the rail. Hello. A meal. Yes sir. Good afternoon, sir. You're going to go a meal. And back to you. Thank you. Cineata. No, I said Cinear Eeple. Cinear Eeple. Yes. I don't know what that is. Pyrotate. Oh. Okay. Whatever you say. Same. Same. You're right. The intersection of 36th Street, North West 87th Avenue here in Dorell. We need two metro day cops to monitor that intersection. So I'm putting a plea out in the air right now. Okay. I'm going to lunch now at 12 o'clock. And I'm like the fourth person waiting to go straight through that intersection. And sure enough, six other cars are just going and going after the, So we got the green. And then you can't make the green light. Right. Sometimes. That to me is not only are these people a danger. And are they like attempting murder by doing that and breaking wall. And very dangerous way. But they also prevent the traffic from moving when they have the green light. And so if you, if you got for better like fifth or sixth in line. They haven't got a Chinaman chance to make it a two to light because by the time you get up, they're now it's back there right again. That's right. I'm the fourth person waiting to go straight. And the people in the front are actually waiting. You know, for these people clear. And then they have a voice. You know, no, but what I do is what I'm the first one in the front. And I get the green. I start to, I start to move forward. But people still, you know, they look at me like, Hey, what do you do? Yeah, right. I'm going to go in on a green light. You know what they end up doing? They end up going around me. And then going around the other person that's waiting in the opposite side, turning left. So they're like making an S turn around me. Yeah, I think they left the other three letters out of the S. Yeah. Yeah. She must request. Yes, sir. Have a hard day for an a long time. Tiny hodders. Okay. Please. Thank you. See you. Love it. Is that in here, by the way? It's tiny hodders in here. Okay, it's coming up. Okay, five said, look at that. We only got two calls. And you want to know why? Because we got just coming up into a clock. And that, you know, people are still getting a little bit nervous. There's shine away from the radio. It's come on. He doesn't fight. He's not all that bad. Is he? Come on. Five six. And we've had kick and serious ass here. In fact, during these hard dog days of the summer last few weeks, we actually been doing okay. Not spectacular. But considering what a bunch of deadheads you are, not too bad. But now we only got 12 minutes to kill here. And I think they're getting a little bit, shine away from Jersey. Who's coming up with two? For Hank. Five six, 705, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18th, and T. wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Teacher who resigned last week from the day County public schools. Really? Going up to Orlando, moving out. Got tired of this town. Yeah, I don't plan you. I'm out of here. Hello Orlando. Was that a picnic up there? Ah, it's better for me. I'll show you me making more money. That's for sure. It's easy to make more money in teachers. Right. So that's that's piece of cake. All I have is a shameless request. You can put on anything you want. Say, leave a dirt chain. Neil. Okay. Good luck, pal. Have a good day. You two, too. Here's a guy bailing out. Okay. Now the good teacher probably bailing out of this town. It's a jungle here, man. It's unsivolized. It's barbaric. It's a jungle. And like I said, nobody cares. These last two days have proven me on a shadow without her on that's highly listened to a highly touted, highly rated show. I mean, just nobody gives a crap here. And that's the sad part because there were a few people at that barred school more meaning. Mostly media people. But there were some angry people. And even the old far showed up who usually are like everybody's a pervert because they can't do it. But nevertheless, even they were saying, leave the goddamn teachers alone and cut the crap and stops. They can, you know, if anybody's business, let us do that. You know. But you can't convince the people on here because they just aren't enough people who speak out on anything. That's why all this crap goes down. You know, that's why just keeps going on and going on. It'll never change. Never end. And now they got this thing with a city of Miami in the former accountant for the police department in the city of Miami, who was a died after he stole a million dollars. And now he's staying down a washer on the police chief. He was involved in it. And the FBI is looking into it. And even though there's no accusations yet. And the beat goes on. And it goes on. And it's going to mean time where's the money going to come from for that stadium, huh? There's 800,000 or a million who's counting now that vanished from the city of Miami. But we're going to keep money for a baseball stadium, right? No. Seriously, people who are proposing these things, who are even seriously suggesting these things, who are even contemplating these things, even semi-seriously, those people need to be locked away to protect all the rest of us. They're crazy people. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil, thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call, sir. Yeah, a couple of book opinions and a profound story. First of all, without questions, the gacky sucks. And if you heard yesterday, there's a gacky sucks. Yeah. Then for sucked also. And anyway, but he's a good guy though. He's a good guy though. I like him on the games, but top show hosties. And the problem is he's okay. If I'm just telling you, it's a good guy. But I'm good. I'm good. Significant story. I agree with you. Pretty much 100% with regards to the cops.