4th radio, 560 WQAS Miami Fort Modernel presents the Neal Rogers Show. It talked a Neal called 567-0560 toll free for native power or pound 560 on your cell home. The opinion of the field is test callers or H1Ls on the shows and not necessarily reflect those of WQAS. Meary that position or the VC rod test. Now, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 567-0580. I rock. That may be a believer. It's kind of fun. It's a good idea how to find out. Speaking of time. They got people in the right of their way. From side to side. Oh, boy. I bet my tongue's too subti. So, I turn to the beat. So, I turn to the beat. So, I turn to the beat. So, I turn to the beat. Because now I speak in time. That may be a believer. And I've been five. Playing round with time and all. Let's begin. I'm a little bit of a sigh. Kind of clear fire. If you're going to take a little bit of a decision and the rank through it as time is last at 24 hours or so. Huh? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. This question keeps sudden, seems so much worse. It went on. It's coming right. Now, it was a sudden. You don't know nothing. It is nonsense. You get a little lower on your unit. Your arm isn't. I got more more". It ran up. Leave the door to me. You want to go and punch me. That's what I did because, And I heard this one. You even think about that he said he would kick you down. Let's try this please. You guys have two laps on. Now I'm saying. Let's join. Skills of our got from Why not stand up. Oh my god we're life to be able to go on and go. Oh no. And the one kid my favorite about the 3rd or 4th call Hank gets yesterday. Kids says he says, wow, you know, the good part of all of this is at least they don't have the pressure of being on the feed in now. That's right. I mean, would you rather be 3 and over 2 and 1? Anybody knows 2 and 1's better than 3 and all? Because that takes that pressure off. Like the year that they went on the feed in one of Super Bowl. Like last year when Denver was like Hank said, 11 and 0 and 1 under with a Super Bowl. All that pressure of being on the feed it must have really gotten to them. And it's no. No. I mean, talk about rationalization. But you know, the interesting part of it is we got this hockey game coming up tonight. The kings here to play the Panthers at the Mac Arena. 6,000, so tickets by the way. Lots and lots of tickets come out out and see a real sport with real men by the way. Even Mad Dog would agree with that. That's the reason they're real men. Yeah. You've heard him say it a million times. But one of the Panther players who will go on mentioned. I won't see who it is because I don't know. And various him. But anyway, he went to his first often game. Monday night. State for a half couldn't get out of their fast enough, said it was the most boring director he's ever seen in his life. And also commented that the only people that go to dolphin games are Drunks and Red Nex to which I say, all right. Very perspicacious and right on target, which is why I stopped going about three four years ago. Amen, brother, right on target. Fan's got to make better decisions. Jimmy is a moron. OK, Jimmy has done nothing here except talking big games. Trent and the quit pull that little cool with Dave wants that. That again, still up here. We are how long is it later? And the people on the station, the experts, they still haven't figured out where we really happened there. That Jimmy basically blackmailed Wayne and the threatened to quit unless he brought in Dave wants. Then all of a sudden, here was Dave wants that coming in on the helicopter from the West Coast. And a press conference that everybody thought he was resigning at. Oh, guess what? He's going to stay. He's going to stay. Well, I stayed for one reason. We could be something special. We got a shot. And they lost a game. And this town is coming apart at the scenes over a football team losing a game. But to pick up our left-off yesterday being the hard-hearted son of a bitch that I am, the bodily sports venues and about that headline about end and about tennis myth, the city commissioner there and for a lot of Dale, which I'm sure has no, he's got no conflict of interest in this thing. He just wants to clean up that bad part of a downtime for a lot of Dale, right? No, well, whatever. But the idea that we need another sports venue, here's the heat, which I wasn't even aware of this. I wish I would have scouring yesterday, son sent me to find the page. The heat are so desperate to sell tickets. They took out a full page ad in the back section of the son sent me yesterday to try to sell season tickets. They've had Pat Riley on TV practically on his hand in these begging pleading. Oh, won't you please buy tickets? Forget about the WNB-18. That's never going to happen. But how about the heat? How about the real thing? I mean, look how good we were. And what they forget is that even in a smaller arena over there for blocks away, they never filled that thing up anyway. It's good as they were a year after year. Did they ever fill it up almost never? And even when they sold all the tickets, they had a lot of empty seats because it was, you know, a plastic thing like they got said yesterday. So there's another great reason that we had this American Airlines arena to benefit a multi-billionaire. American Ex-NAM may billions he's gotten on, how the daddy just croaked. That's another reason we need a lot more sports venues. $6,000,000,000 tickets for the Panthers tonight. They can't sell tickets to save their lives in this newer, we need a downtown for the heat. You can't complain about the Marlin crowds because basically they're worth any. And the Dolphins lose one game and everybody in town is like having an herbous breakdown and they're like coming apart as a thing. I've never heard such a jack face to fly and carrying on and sing reporting and blaming. What's going to happen if they lose two or three in a row? Huh? What's going to happen then? I have a feeling, I'll have a shot and head to be committant suicide. So I'll have to bring the meat to you down here to take a stay at it. I'm telling ya. Grow up, okay, boys and girls grow up, they lost the game and right away they're coming on glued and the coaches pointing at this one and this one was a hero three week. And you people out there, you phone, you're like I said yesterday and I'm right on target as usual. You don't appreciate anything. Guy could come in here and give you the greatest performance in a work just like Pop Bell Burry with a Panthers. They didn't even know who the hell he is. They could put five million pounds of gold right in the streets of this town. They could pay the streets with gold and these people would still be going, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. They never stop. Just like they got in on Monday right out of the box. We'd have our first home game, hockey season just starts. They win, they look better and a lot of us thought they were going to. Burry scores a goal when these scores has a pair, that's going right. They fished their goal lights, the audio of the sound wasn't deafening or was a pretty good time was that right away. Wait, wait. What do we get complaints? People pitching in belly aching. Man, I thought I was supposed to be the wine we're in the pitcher in the belly achers. Is that the deal? Not me. I'm a wonderful guy compared to most of the people in this town. Yeah. That's right. I'm the good Samaritan compared to most of you winters and cryers and bichers and motors and complainers. Like a bunch of sport little brands. So like I said, don't for a day. I don't worry about your kids and the schools and education and things like that. Getting smart worry about let's build a lot more of these ball parks. So we have a lot more of this good stuff to talk about here on a sports station. Because it was Danny's fault. You suck Danny. We hate you Danny. You're a piece of crap. You're on Laura on Danny. You've got Alzheimer's. You've got football Alzheimer's. Let's attack him. Let's rip him an ass. I saw Joe Rose crying in the hallway this morning. He was so upset of all these old, eldest attackers. I'm this buddy Danny. He was shedding tears in the hall. Oh, there's a arena where's the God? There's something wrong with our P.D. Our hello partner of the accelerator. I asked him what works so upstairs he. Money runs off for Stardz we are there. Danny The Danny Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, I'm so happy. Oh, me, that, I, I, that, please. Oh, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet. Oh, friends, merry and merry… we're going to be right back. We're going to be right back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to be right back. We're going to be right back. That's the thing that's five, this is WCWA. And now this is the place that's reduced a lot of people. The pierce recently, I said to that, Joe's in a hallway crying over Danny getting attacked by everybody including the coaches this morning. Program director's crying because it's another day at the shop. We're crying because we have an answer. And then I said, I want to go this day. I'm going to be redone and right now. No, but we're doing our best. We'll let you know. Soon we hope. By the way, and I was going to have to hero talk about again, pandering to the brain Walked masses out there with Miss Lady headlines. Right on the front page of the hero this morning, here's a picture of Jesse to body my hero, reform leaders slam ventures the headline, play boy chat sparks resignation calls. But then if you read the article, which most people don't come to find out that the outgoing chairman of the party, the reform party, was burning. He was already, these comments were made days ago. He's the one that's ripping him in an ass. And then there's some other bitch in Texas from the reform party ripping him in ass. But she keep in mind people will even eat headlines. They see the picture that we have to headline, maybe one or two words, and that's it. Jack Garden, the retiree on Florida's Gulf Coast, will take over as the reform party chairman, January 1, calls the whole thing attempt as in the T-Pod. It was a breath of fresh air. Garden says, re-siding from an incoming email, he says, is running five to one in Jesse Ventures favor. How do you like that? Five to one. It's running in his favor, the email, which I'm sure there's plenty of. But the headline says, reform leaders slam ventures. You see, because he said the truth, you can't say the truth in America. You can't say religion is a sham, and it's a crush for weak people who wants strength in numbers and who are, which he didn't say this part, but of course we all know what afraid of death. Two immature and two weak to face the fact that there's death. Oh, no. We don't really die. Do we do we do we don't know? For example, I'm seeing this thing about how the re-exuming the body. Where the hell is that? One moment, please. They're exuming the body, but for, I mean, what? The same shepherd case, is it ever ever going to go away? No. But they resumed that re-exume Maryland shepherd's body yesterday, and the murder was in 1954 that she was killed so that's 45 years ago. And I'm thinking of myself, I wonder what she's thinking about in there now. Huh? You think when they open up the box that she said, you can't let me sleep. Huh? I find that very pointy there. What do you think you look like 45 years later? I'll depend, depending on what good and bombing job they did. You see, because all this business about life after death, about being up and have a, first of all, you can't see anything. You can't hear anything. You can't see anything. You have no senses because you've got no brain. You have no brain. I mean, is there anybody out there so stupid not to understand that all of the functions of the body, all of the five senses come from having a brain? Do it to soul, man. Yeah, the soul. That's only the scarcer that got soul. That's white folks. We got no chance at all. Maybe they'll be up there with their soul, okay? Or maybe the Beatles will be there with rubber soul. Or maybe just a rubber or two. Oh, it's the soul. But the soul can't see the soul can't hear the soul can't do nothing. Maybe the soul's got rhythm. But that's about it. Yeah, I got rhythm. I just got rhythm. 560, 560, pound 560 are a pull question today. We're serving, so I'm going to find out. There's Jimmy Johnson had naked pictures of everybody in town. Why does he get a free pass? You want to know why? He's an asshole. I just don't get it. I don't understand it. I mean, it comes as no surprise to me because he's a mean spirit. It nasty, short, ill-tempered piece of crap is what he is. And he lose one game and right away goes into a sentence. Instead of saying, hey, guess what? Because I saw him there at the beginning of the game and the ABC bitch is down there and it feels, oh yeah, we're got to establish the running game. And everybody's going, oh yeah, sure. Yeah, right. That's why I'm where we know how to throw 44 times because there was no running game. So he has an off night and right away they lose. And by the way, you lied, Jimmy, this bull crap about it. You held onto the ball too long when he got there when he fumbled and they got right in the back. The northern right back for a touchdown. I saw that. He didn't hold onto the ball too long. He just got blind, so I did never had a chance because they totally missed the block. And he got creamed. There goes the ball. There goes northern up the field. Northern southern, backward and forward there to touchdown. But this is what happens when you lie a lot. Jimmy, I mean, here's two way and we're the experts on that. We invented it. We know how to lie. Especially our management. Here's Papino. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Every time I hear the Jimmy jumps and commercial, we got it. And the we have a shot. Every time I hear the I'm hearing Sally's fields at the Oscar like 20 years ago. You like me. You really like me. Yeah, right. I'm just going to hand show you. I shouldn't. You made a point about the more on who was calling up saying that takes the pressure off to be on the right. Losing the game. Now we don't have to worry about that on the feeded pressure. You know, I'm just going to hand the last couple of days. He's throwing some crap out of his mouth. He just assumes his true and what? Like what? Oh, he says, well, I don't know why you're complaining about the dolphins. Russian game. They've been averaging 154 yards. Russian coming into the game. And I'm like, I don't think so, JJ. You look at my handy, some Sentinel staffs. And we're saying this all day. I said, I'm 100. Yeah. They had 57 yards rushing in the Buffalo game. Right. And they had 94 yards total coming into that game, which is like 97 yards a game. Right. Against the two girls. Yeah. So I don't know where he could. And average of 154. Then I don't know if he heard the show on Monday when he was talking about how they determined that, you know, with the met in reds and astros situation. That if they all ended up tied, the met would have to, you know, the met would get into the playoff. He says, oh, that was determined by a coin flip. They just flipped the coin. This is, they decided that the met didn't have to play a game. And I'm like, no, Jimmy, the reason was because her handcushed. The reason was because both the astros and the reds would have had to play off for the division title. And obviously, you have a lost that game would have more losses than the met. And, you know, that, I mean, they would never flip a coin to the determine who's not going to play a postseason game. But, uh, sometimes he just, he just annoys me because Well, so I'll call him up and tell him that I'm not talking about handcup talking about the situation. I thought this guy had something to say. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, 12th, and 11th, and it is true that just virtually everybody except Goli and me on this radio station is owned, lock stock and barrel by Jimmy Johnson. Terrified him. I mean, God forbid that anybody should criticize him or Suggested in the four years that he's been here. He's shown us basically nothing. I mean, absolutely nothing. Here's a guy that talked big. You know, if you're going to open up a big mouth, you better produce something, you know? You're going to go there on Fox and talk a big game about how Schula's got all the tools there. They've got no excuses, not to win it and set the guy up to get canned. Which even served his time and come. But if you're going to set somebody up to take his job, then you better come and do something and produce and not look to be fine and skate coats and blame everybody else. And that business of his press conference at the end where the guy says, well, you know, maybe Marino has lost it mentally. After 17 years, you need to have the middle where we're all and no, you know, what place to go? Well, that's a road. I don't want to go down and he gets pissed off and walks away. Well, what's the message there? What did I tell you last year that he'd each other like poison? Oh, no, but I don't know, I think it's all the other guys in a station. They're the sports experts. I know nothing. They hate each other like poison. So why should it come as any great surprise that the first opportunity when the times get, when the tough get going, whatever the hell it is? How does that go? When the crap is on your ass? Just point to figure a blame at the guy that you need to test and cancel and just waiting for him to fall on his ass. Which would make all the reason in the world to have a capable backup standing in a wing, so we have that? No, no, do you have that? Not weak, sorry. Here's a plantation, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Two things, I love you. I'm a sturdy year, so do you live here as long or longer? Too long, yeah. But the average length of a professional football's career is about three to half to five years. So we've been stood by Danny Lansing this long. Let's be realistic. How much longer does he have? Not long. But what does that mean? Does that mean that he's the reason that they lost the game? That's it. That's what it is. How come he was so great for weeks ago when he beat Denver and everybody was just to ping all over his leg and now all of a sudden he's lost it and he's lost up. But Denver's really nothing this year. I understand that. I realize that, but I'm just quoting from the same people who are screaming in one Him lynched out of town now. I want to drive him out on a rail. He deserves every right to still be there now. And he doesn't have a supporting cast around. Right. And they have no running game. And you know, it just made never have a running game. There's longer bands there. Yeah. Well, there's a neck race. Have a nice day. Okay, thanks for the good news. There you go, Danny. I hope your listeners will. You may never have a running game. Maybe when you get out of here, they'll bring in a running game. Just despite your ass. Okay. Like I told you, like I said, quoting one of the Panther players, it was the most boring events Sporting of any has ever been at his life. He left it half time. Couldn't wait to get out of there. Drunks and Rednecks to quote this Panther player. Well, respected drunks and Rednecks. Those are the people who attend the football games here. Absolutely. Correct. I said a better myself. What a difference between the crowd at the dolphin games and the given example. A crowd at the Panther games. What a difference. People at the Panther games are knowledgeable because most of them are not. But at least, and there's some plastic people over their cell phones. But nevertheless, they're like clean cut-mostom. They look human. I mean, they're like living and breathing people. Not too many people getting too drunk. You know, like a fairly respectable bunch except for the assholes holding their kids up in front of your face. But other than that, you go to a dolphin game, man. And they're like, of course, you see, we don't have tailgate parties before hockey games. How do you like that? We don't have tailgate parties before hockey games. So they can be sufficiently enabrated before they have even started. You're getting about the guys coming back. Two, three, four hundred beers in her hand at a time. Getting into the brawl of the stain. All over your shoulder. I spill in there beer on your back. I can't even have that. Like I said, there's nothing like staying right there at home. And they're watching it on television. Now come to the Panther game tonight for your reading. You're real sport to give it. And you won't have people doing all those things. Trying to get some people out there tonight because it's going to be really embarrassing if we have 6,000 NITZY seats in the macarina to see Pavelle, Burrie and Ray Whitney and Margaro Perish and those good guys. And Luke Robotai and a couple of guys that they got. Ziggy, palpy, audio old islander fans. Maybe Neil can actually get 20 or 30 extra people to come out tonight in a much more enjoyable environment. God, the coach. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. we've got a shot. We've got a shot. We've got a shot. Almost. Almost. They were touched. They're touching perfectly. The coach was umpsed to someone potential. a mom telling a Greg Coattex you got your head so far I'm Jimmy's friend. I'm embarrassed for you. JJ Wright, Marine almost played better. That's his columnist work. That's his spin on it. He's spitting it. I'm serious. Jimmy Johnson must have naked pictures of almost every sports writer almost every sports cast him in his town because they are so terrified of him. It's unbelievable they cower in his presence. I'm embarrassed for them. Not to mention any names. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Hake will be a tool as today. Josh Dero. That's going to be on tick to seven and then set it up. We got the pregame of guilty. The panp is hosting the LA Kings at the Mcarine tonight. Come on out. You'll have plenty of room. Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello. Hey, Jimmy. I'm Jimmy. You should learn how. OK. Thank you. We'll be seeing you there. We'll be special there. Here's a mobile in our marathon. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I know you said that you can't speak to trees in America because everybody gets a new one. I know that you can't speak to them. But I think it's a good thing to be able to manage a shape. You know, on the with Jesse Ventura said. Right. But now when the people down here making observation based on reality. The tamariel may be getting a little older. I know he's not a man in the age. He's got a little older. We already know that. I don't know what has been saying. He can't play forever. And these people think he's going to play in these 80 years old. Yes. No, I mean, it's just it's obvious. But there's something that will be a little different. When they beat the stuffings out of the defending super world champions and nobody at that time knew that Denver was going to go on foreign stick to join out. How come at that time? Damn arena. They're ready to put a god dead crown on his head and coordinate him king of the god damn universe and now because they lose a game because they got no running game and he had an off night. Now, all of a sudden, we realize he's getting older and he's not so good. What is that all about sir? You know what it sounds like to me? It sounds like a bunch of foamies. Two face the sour forces who can't take loose in a ball game. Yeah, but it's. I mean, you know, over the last half couple of years. And why do I do Jimmy Johnson give a big song to the answer before the game about they were going to run the ball and run the ball and they had to establish a running game. Did they establish your running games there? No. No. Over the past. Did they? They didn't establish your run. Fifty seven yards on the ground, sir. And now we got assholes calling yesterday another one on Hank show. Well, and I had one of them. Well, we need a mobile quarterback. So the quarterback is supposed to do everything. We got a guy who can have to run. He's got to complete at least 90% of his passes. The quarterback is the only guy out there. Nobody's got a block form. We don't need any running backs. We don't need any receivers who can catch the ball. We need a quarterback who can do everything. When you have a quarterback, this is this is the revelation about people who don't understand sports. And that's what South Florida's all about. I've told you that for two years since I've been on this radio station. I've never heard so many dumb calls in my life is the crap that comes in on this station. It's not done when the pointing out that the guy is getting older. Yeah. Why do we get older three weeks ago? It's not an arsenal. It's not personal. What have you been getting older three weeks ago? Sir, can we just need a go man? Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thanks. We finally got to the truth. Thank you. He's getting older. Aren't we all getting older? We're all getting older, baby. And I'm also the guy that keeps saying that they got to get somebody. They got a grooma guy to replace. And they got to have somebody in a win. So we can step right in because the guy's fragile as a glass as a light bulb. Oh, no. You don't know what you're talking about. You're fagging. You don't know how it looks. We want to talk to the experts. We want to talk to Joe who used to take a lot of showers with these guys. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Freedom to speak to truth. I'll go lose in a ball game. That's the stuff that's important. Speak in the truth. That Danny is getting older. Thank you, sir. I'll call him all the way from marathon for your profound observations that Danny is getting older. I thought Danny didn't. I thought guys like him don't get in the order. I thought it's to use a great sports cliche. I thought he was agedless. Oh, that's one of my favorites. Here's a mobile info. A lot of deal. Hello. Yeah. Hi. How are you doing? I'm your brand. Yes, sir. Yes, nice. I come to leave once you fit this money. I'll be there and tell you. What I just want to tell you, this self-law, you don't find the media. Okay. They don't know nothing about sports. Right. I think it's all like that. Everything. I don't think that you're sure, man. Keep on doing good job. Okay. I bless you. Okay. I'll be getting late. Thank you. Whatever you said. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, while it's long, I got a couple openings on it. This ain't like the sports shows where they're all lined up to say those stupid things. Because they know they're not going to get away with it here. They're not going to get a free pass and a coaching that'll get a free pass. Because you don't pay my salary. Jimmy Freak and Gielberg Johnson with his arrogant cocky attitude that everybody else is involved. He's been waiting for this opportunity. He personally hates the Adan Marina like poison. Oh, no, you're wrong about you. Okay. Whatever you say. I would just love for one of these jokes, one of these XX, one of these sports experts on his radio station someday to come on and tell the truth. Oh, God, I would be great. I'm not going to hold my breath. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Niel. Yes, sir. Eric here in plantation. First time, call her long time listener. I'll be sure. Yes, it is. I don't normally agree with you on your sports analysis, but you have to nail on the head with Jimmy Johnson. Yeah. The only shot that he's got is marino. Now, here's the irony. Here's the irony of the game on Monday. Yeah. He brought in all these running backs over the off season. He's a one running back that's going well. Because he had the same name. You. The one running back that's doing well is tie-rown, weetly, and we let go who's thriving in Oakland. And they didn't even plan to achieve bar the other night. Jebbar had like 267 total yards last year. You know, two games against the bills. Yeah. And he's got these stable are running back. You're in there. How to line out. Jimmy don't make mistakes. Don't you understand that you're out of line. No. Jimmy don't make mistakes. No. He screwed up big time. He's passing the buck to, ah, to marina. How do you like that passion the buck? Is that exactly what I said? Fine. It's called finding a scapegoat. I know what's funny is, you know, they see that. And what even more pathetic is assholes like your Greg Coattex listing chapter and verse all the reasons. Oh, you're right, Jimmy. Yes, sir. Yes. So whatever you say, Jimmy, whatever you say. Well, here's what I want you to suck holes. We got in his town, sir. That's the bottom line. We got a bunch of suck holes who have no balls. They kneel. They also say that that Jimmy Johnson is a master motivator. Like he's some. He's like, I can't see. He's like, how much is what he is. This is going to blow up in his face. Yeah. The embarrassing marina. Yeah. Public. Don't you think? It's your answer to help. How do you think marina is going to do against the cult and spite of what Johnson said? I don't know. Time remains to be seen, but I don't think that somebody has been around as long as he does need somebody to kick him in the ass. If there's anybody that's motivated and has a will to win, it's marina. He needs to ditch the running back by committee and go with either Cecil Collins or just stick with your bar for a whole game and see what one of the those two guys. Or maybe you know to get the new Harris spray that might do it too. Have a great day. Thank you so much. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Oh my God, this Rodriguez is always out there on a limb. And here he is today again. You can't say these things about Jimmy Johnson. He's a sacred mou cow. You can't say these things. Because we got a shot. We really got a shot. When the going gets talked the top yet going, they don't look for scapegoats Jimmy. They roll up their sleeves. They take the blame. The buck stops here. Right at the coaches door. Okay. That's where the buck stops. Not pointing the finger at the only God damn superstar. You got in the God damn ball club. You idiot. You jackass. You silly goose you. And it just pains me here. Like the guy from marathon. Well, you know, he's getting older. That's not the point. The point is that you don't have a head coach who tries to embarrass and humiliating the grade. He's dark quarterback because he's got an off game on a night when everybody else had a bad game too. They lost the game. Wow. And if they're going to shot to be so goddamn special, how come it is that they lose one game and they all become unglude. Unglude. Wasn't stopping on no flutty flakes after the game this time. Was he in the locker room? No. No. Stampin' on pictures of Danny Boy I think. A lot of pictures in this time. You know that. That seems to be the key to everybody's success. Just get a lot of naked pictures of people and you'll do okay. That's more serious. You know, I'm like a charm. Oh, a lunso. You're so big. Don't shine. It's got a secret for centuries. Don't shine. Now it can be all your. Don't shine. Did you ever wonder how some men managed to keep their dogs so shiny or how some dogs seem to hold a chain all day long. The reason is, don't shine. Originally used as a master of a toy cream and ancient china, it was discovered that don't shine that the great beam to the dog. My dog was always so dull. It just flew to lackluster. Now with dog shine, even after we try out the life, it feels good to get lost as subtle glow. Thanks, dog shine. Order today. And receive as a free gift. Ask glow. Dog shine and ask glow. Because what a shimmery dog in the shiny ass. There's no limit to what you can do. Order today. By the way, John Zimmer says, see you close to the show. It's always a good idea. Have a steel plate in your head. It's a 1045 at 560 W to QM. So this reform party, the bad news about this thing is it looks like it's a silly thing. Do you know what I'm talking about? Now that have you, did you see who they're talking about now? You may want to blow your brains out. You might have a shot. If I tell you. I mean, you started with Jesse, which made a lot of sense. You know, he's making, I mean, even though he's pissing a lot of people off and got bless him. And then it was the Donald, we got Donald Trump and then Pat Buchanan that fascists who said the Hitler was misunderstood and we should never go in their place. And now the new one, Oprah. The new one is, oh, you made that. No, I did not. Here it is right there. There's the picture right in the paper. That's parts of. That's right. She's a multimillionaire talk show host, actress, and most recently college professor. She's all over channel 428 hours a day. Now some reform party members are talking about president, Oprah Winfrey. How do you like that? It's Jesse times a 100 said Paul Larsen chairman of the draft committee and a three liter from suburban Minneapolis. She's got a thousand times as much money. A hundred times as much of the name recognition and a steering reputation for honesty. Really fat too. There you go. It's Oprah. What do you say? Oh, no. I think it'd be form party basically is the. Yeah. Party. Here's the mobile and fabric time. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You hit the Neil right on the head this time with Jimmy Johnson. Yes, I did. Yes, you did. I think he's got that kept on and it is hair spray because no criticism ever finds this guy. And I think that when he first came here and we got rid of Shula, they got thing that he trumped it was he was going to bring it running into the Miami Dolphins. We're one or three hours per carry. And we're worse than we were when the school was here and we were like. And let me say it again. If Marino now that the guy's been here for four years, if Marino is old and losing it, then how come this guy hasn't groomed a, you know, a competent quarterback that we have confidence in there to step in. Like in a second half or at least the fourth quarter. And, you know, run the offensive if Danny's lost it. Yeah. I mean, this guy there's no way that this man can blame anybody else. He's got full control, which is what he wanted to come in here. He's got all like a personal control and the meantime, you know, they're mediocre at best and he's looking to point fingers. Yeah, you know what he did, Neil, it's the thing that really drives me crazy. It's he's the way he set up this whole offense. It purposely go. It's contrary to the strength of Marino. It's like he's trying to win in spite of them. We started using his strengths where he's constantly facing where the third can third and the eleven and, you know, this is not the wrong. His arm. And we're hand for him to say that he held the ball too long and a play where he got hit and fumbled and they ran a bit and ran a bit and ran a bit for the touch. I mean, that's just a blatant lie. And for the media to just write this beautifully because they're so terrified of Jimmy. Let him go back and look at the replay of that. He didn't hold the ball too long. He got, they never touch this guy. He came through on touched and then they had no chance. No, no quarterback and Lee had a prayer on that play. Everybody, any quarterback would have gotten hit and probably fumbled the ball. Yeah, and 11, but two are hammered Jimmy and when he coached my Emmy, he opened the Floyd G. Swittle the criminals in. Right. And he left. He's against there. He's hooked on this national game because in his big claim to fame in the NFL is he made that one trade there with Minnesota and got 700 first round draft picks and brought a bunch of his gangsters in from the Oven and a couple of Super Bowl. That's his big claim to fame. Here he is done basically nothing. Yeah, you remember what he did against Penn State when he had his battle. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing him and out there and got the Ransson Burst. Okay, have a great day pal. You can't hear him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The gangster coach, maybe. I'll burn Jimmy. JJ. I'll burn Jimmy Johnson. That guy there's me on this radio station. At least even though I'm not a sports show and I tell you the guy then truth about this crap instead of sucking his ass all the time, like most of these other people do round the clock. Jimmy don't make mistakes. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. The only one that has caught a blind side for what it was. I already reported all these people. And he's only been afraid about Marina was she was running one of few quarterback that got up after getting killed like that. And the only thing wrong with his age is that he's not 12 years old and can't play that possibly put off that shot to himself as a foot in. Okay, okay, somebody's patching with our phone lines as we speak, but thank you, sir. Yes, somebody's a deal with our phone lines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, I think it didn't do wireless line. Only at 2 a.m. baby. Only at the home of technical amazement. How's that chief engineer doing anybody seen him lately? No. We're working on that 800 line. We're thinking about it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. How you doing? Okay. Third generation for mommy, long time listener. Yes, I do in the world. I would say. Listen, I work for the date county school board. Work here for 11 years. I work out the maintenance department on what they call his own mechanic. I'm stationed at two elementary schools. I thought you might appreciate this little story. I ordered light bulbs for one of my schools over a month ago and I go into the main office today and I asked the secretary, did you get the light bulbs? And she says, no, I don't know how to do it. Can you help me on the computer? I'm blue collar worker work with my tools. So I go over and I have to pull up the screen. I have to show her exactly what to push and how to order them. Five minutes later, I come back in the office and you're going to love this. She says, we don't have the money to get the light bulbs. No money. This is a date county. Date county public schools. This happens. I can't afford textbooks for all the kids in school. Yeah, this happened to me two years ago. My other school, you know how long it took to get light bulbs. Eighteen months. Yeah. And they've got plenty of money. Here we got a four-larade out politician. They city commissioner, Tim Smith calls on a show yesterday. And the only thing he's got to say about the overcrowded schools in Broward and all of South Florida in general and the crappy quality of education is He's taken a shot at the Crystal Palace and a Broward school board and a bigger Spensive building and they got more than enough money. It's being wasted. If that's the best that our politicians can do in this state to solve these problems. If the money is there and it's being misbed. So we don't have money for textbooks and light bulbs and lunches and whatever. Then how come nobody's doing something to investigate and clean it up? That's what I would like to know. Why isn't that on the front page of the guy named newspaper? They're afraid. They're afraid to investigate it. People that work here in the school border are afraid to speak up. If you go downtown Miami, do you have money? They're afraid of. They're afraid to lose in their jobs. We have so many bosses that if we talk back to him, we get written up. They want to get rid of us. They have ways to do it. There's more of them than there are of us. All you've got to do is go downtown to the administration building and see all the money that they have wasted on all the top heavy administrators. You know, somebody told me that they did a survey and the top 500 employees for Dave County School Board make more money than the top 500 employees for the Pentagon. Yeah, that's not great. It's amazing. Amazing. The waste of money. But how come our local newspapers instead of writing about, We need money for a stadium like I said yesterday, how come they're not leading the charge in a campaign and doing all this investigative work and finding out where all the money is going and who's stealing it? They're probably paid off. They're afraid to investigate it. Okay, pal. All right. Thank you there. All right. Let's buy some light bulbs. Are we having some kind of a phone situation that I have to wear? Other than both things that were having it on their system this morning also. Oh, no. Four and seven are a member of line four. He heard that noise. Yeah. Yeah. There's a hum on both of those lines. And that too. Yeah. And that too. So something that was busy dicking with our phones while we're on the air by the way, boys and girls. I just thought I would mention that. 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. They're early. Are you doing? Okay. I just wanted to point out what is no one brought up the fact that OJ McDuffee dropped the touch shirt touchdown. Because it's named Dan Marino. And if it wasn't for that and him getting blindsided and police. That's right. That makes no money. No one. That's right. And drop pass on third down by McDuffee. So I mean everybody's pointing the finger at him and. Well, no, don't you understand the coach has got the coaches pointed the finger. So now all these morons, these these dimwits, these known up. And there are anxious to jump on a bad wagon because just like the coach, they'll turn on you like a cornered red when you lose the ball game. That's the way these fans are. These aren't fans. These are simple things, man. They know nothing. I believe we'll have to have that can be how he can not point things out like that. Yeah. I like you. Well, shows you where he was. He shows you where his agenda is man. Have a great thing. Oh, these these long. Do you hear that? He's going to roll screw up. Well, hello. Yeah. Happy day. Okay. I thought I was finally getting over my side. Coses about a center one problem with the CDs in our center one campaign. And about the fact we don't have a promotion department in this radio station. Now our phones are being popped to you around with in the middle of the show. We finally have the drilling and the hammering stopping in the middle of the show. Now they're just digging with our phones system in the middle of the show. You know, you really have to scratch your head and you wonder is is it possible that this could all go on by accident by osmosis? Are we really that stupid here? Are we that inept that incompetent? Are we that technically? Uh-huh. Oh, we are. Like I've been here two years now. Don't know the answer. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hello. How are you? I'm doing okay. And spread of this place. I'm a former season ticket over for the dolphins. I wise up a few years ago. But I went to the game on the night because somebody had an extra ticket. It's okay. What the heck? Yeah. And you know, it is so true because all these people, if they're at five o'clock, Hank and you know, drinking. You know, spoken to police. You know, whatever you do there, but it's like, you said you go to a hockey game. There's no time for that. They don't allow it. These people, I mean, I watch one guy sitting in a lower end zone seven or eight times. And the first half going back with two, three, four. How do they even see the game after this? So much. I mean, what's the point? Drunk's Red Next and the combination of your both. And they all know nothing about the game. Just like all these people say, you know, the quarter of the heck is the only an integral part of the, of the, of the, what is your body like the ball to yourself, grab block from self-handle? What is Jimmy wanted to do? And run to the, and again, even with his bad knee and also supposed to start having a running game now, he's supposed to be it. And here's something to know and else I've brought up in the fourth quarter, the defense thought Buffalo, I think twice with my glass and three and four minutes to go. What happened? What was the floor's a play calling? I mean, you knew it was going to was three and out the first, and you know, the first quarter, three and out the first three and out. But if there was something, this is not anything new. This has been going on here for a year. The reason why I'm not going in and the problem wasn't Dan Moreno, the problem was the lack of an imaginative offense that worked. That was the problem. It just like you said when you was, you was going to bring it to the Super Bowl after we beat Denver now they want to look at it. Yeah, right. It's the, you know, it's not the end Reno. Yeah, when he got blindsided Kevin Gogi, this is what this guy's going right. Right. That's right. They got a, I don't know what he plays right tackle these things. They got guys out of the wrong position. People who are, you know, even when even, why don't even bother having a press conference when they lose because he gets old pissed off. Yeah, he, he, he, he, he, he looks at the guy on the, he's an old tempered. Oh, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he's a prick and, uh, encorosing. Kevin and the soul. Jimmy Johnson and, okay. Five, now what's the story, Evan, the phone, we started our okay to have any problem with the instrument now of a son of all, uh, Scuda. Yes. Oh, thank you. I would invite for you. No matter what you do, I don't care how hard you try to all you got to do is treat and lie. Yeah. I'm so sorry for being, just saying that I think I can and insult me to you. Oh, where the ears next, y'all, and for this just just enjoy your w-but, oh, and the eighties, noting so. Yeah, I would involve for you. No matter what you do, I would involve for you. I'd do whatever you do. I don't care how hard you try. All you got to do is treat and lie. All right, what about two of five, 60, W-but about all for how? All for president. No. No. Get that big woman vote. What do you say? No. Five, six, seven, nine. I'm giving the numbers out, but of course, the phone, some of the lines work, some of them don't have an unloved problem here today, but that's the way it goes. You're at W-but at UM, we have incestion never-ending technical problems because it, yeah, it makes it a little bit tougher. It's like a little handy crap. We'll survive. Here's a mobile-in-for-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, good morning. Yes, sir. When is this? I'm the attorney guy that calls you a couple of weeks ago from Buffalo about the paddling and all that. Yeah. I'm very surprised you're talking about football today, but why you're on the set. No, I'm not talking about football. I got your back on. I'm talking about phony fans. I'm talking about the whole fairness of this whole thing. People don't understand the game. People are too face. People are phony. I mean, it happens to be football, but it could be anything. This is not a sports town. All right. I just want to make two points. First point. I don't like Wayne Heizinger. I don't like the way he took over the top in organization like the stress property. Yeah. I don't like Jimmy Johnson. Right. And if we got to make a- These are the last week. If we have to make a choice between Wayne and Jimmy or Danny, I got news for both those guys. We're taking Danny. Oh, Danny. Yeah. That's right. All right. Never show up right there. Let them know who's here first and who's town this is. I mean, you're not going to be Danny in the popularity contest. So give it up, buddy. Hey, man. Action. Okay. We like Danny Boyle. Okay. We don't care if he's 80 years old. I got to push him out there in a goddamn walker. We like Danny Boyle. God, damn it. Ungrateful. And Greg Coattex. You know something. They ought to take that column today and stick it up your- Don't you think it's a good thing. You're a pathetic man. What a funny you are. This is the same guy by the way that gave us the great analysis back when a your Panthers had had big one four years ago. When they were playing a penguin in the playoffs. Well, it was a nice run while it lasted, but it's obvious it's all over now. Yeah, you're such a shmuck. The people that they got writing columns in this time, most of you used to kind of got them into a goddamn fish tank. And reaching and they all looked the same. They smell the same. Exactly. And they write the same crap. Pure on a delirated, never ending crap. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, narco-trap. Okay. You know, I'm after reform because I believe that- I mean, this country got a lot of problems including similar legislation and stuff. Yeah. Who the hell? You're going to believe that fat bitch, Oprah, in a reform party. I mean, what can she possibly stand for? I mean, what? I mean, she already said she don't want to take care of enough. I mean, what? Yeah, what's she going to stand for? I mean, I'm not saying, you know, second serving to the buffet table. Fan, yeah. She's trying to find and giving her break. Yeah. Yeah. I was not at the North Scammer. No, don't you understand. We should just let her hit her alone. We should never go on in there. And then let him kill mother, 20, 30 million people. Especially those Jews, yeah. Yeah, like, I'm understand. We should have backed them out of the millionaires. And you know, next, that's right, pal. You know what? We got a shot. Wait, all. I'm putting one thing about the reform party. I don't want Trump to be fit right in. I mean, think about it. He's, I mean, what? Not that billionaire. Yeah. Right. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Okay. Thank you. And totally unqualified. Two by the way, ever. Hold political office. No. How about Warren Bayley? No. You know, let's just start from Hollywood. I mean, this is the culmination of the American obsession with stars, with movie stars and super stars and celebrities. It's ridiculous. We didn't learn our lesson from, uh, old Ronnie. Did we? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line for the ones that are working here. They got a few lines working. Bells off. Oh, God bless old bells off. Did we have like a storm overnight here? Something that would have screwed up our phone line. Oh, just amazing to me. It's astonishing. It's like your cable. You know, the sun can be shining it by me out there in plantation. It can be beautiful. Not a, you know, a couple of birds in the sky. Maybe drop in one here in here, but other netters. No rain or all of a sudden the cable goes out of the most bizarre time for five minutes. 20 minutes a half an hour. And you kind of look in a mirror and you go, yeah. What's going on here? What the f is going on here, man? Like why can't we keep these lines operating here in this radio station over in the other joint WI? A V, which I don't want to bring that up too much, but nevertheless, once in a while we'd have a phone problem because it's bell south. I mean, what do you want to know why? What's it a great while? But here it's like kind of goes with the territory. Maybe we're just not paying the bills for all the lines. Okay. Big war pain like half of it, so the leave hat the lines working. That could be it. Am I going to get exercise about it? No, but you're sweet answer. I'm not. I don't have enough emotion left to get upset about that after the OJ business after the CD's getting all screwed up. I'm going to present a one business after our promotion that's a hold. Oh, God. And it all goes back to one guy by the way, just like the thing with Jimmy, the buck stops here. It stops at the top. Stop at the top in this place with a guy that's always scratching his head. Trying to find out where how to bring that out of that hole. And the same thing with the dog, the dolphin organization. It stops right there at the top of the man who's got the power to make all those calls. All those decisions. And all of a sudden like I said, everybody's on that bandwagon. Oh, he's too old. He's the crep that he's got bad news. He can't run. He never said he never stole a free train, but I don't know. We can't say nothing good about him. He's got those funny lips. He looks like a Joker in Batman. We never liked the anyway, Danny. We can't stand you, man. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. I'm using a Lord name in being you, Smok. Okay, God damn it. Here's a lady, a mobile in a Viro Beach, hello. I am, you know. Yes, man. It's about time. Someone on that station came out and spoke to truth. A rat. You're absolutely right. A power-monger man, JJ, tencent himself off as a great psychologist. What's eye-cology? You get a bachelor's in psychology. This psychology sucks. He's got a big deal. He's got a big deal. He's got a big deal. So, okay, thank you, sweetheart. B.S. and his middle name. Jimmy B.S. Johnson. That's what I heard. Jimmy jailbird B.S. Johnson. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And these people, they're right behind the baby. He's the Pied Pied for whatever. He says, it's the M.S. He's the God. He's the savior. He's the one that's going to leave us in the promised land. Isn't he? No. When he was out there on Fox, Rimeswood Schloss. From the moment he came here, I despised. From the moment that I saw his B.S. And that routine, his that slick, glib, Yahoo mentality, his. And why is it by the way? That's so many of these sports nerds, especially in football. You know, you got your boots Johnson. You got Steve Spurrier. You got Bobby Bowden. You got Jimmy. They all got to be a bunch of Yahoo's. The Zekko with the territory. Oh, he got to be a Yahoo. Yeah. I wonder if Oprah ever picked a seat out of her. Back home. No, certainly that's something we got to be thinking about today. Of course women don't pick seats out of there. Back home. They're much too refined for that. Come on. Not in America. Oh, please. 1113 is 5.60 QA. And QM prevents presents and prevents the Wendysie live auction. A benefit of women of tomorrow. A metering program for high school girls and dating brown. All data moral. 6A and the 6P and bid on a packaging, including trip for two to the Lannis resort in the Bahamas, dolphin season tickets and give certificates and lots more. All data moral. 6A and the 6P. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. This is Senator Steve Deller. How are you? Okay. You were talking about education a bit earlier. I don't know if you know what happened to the legislature last year. We gave a 1 billion with a B. A million dollar tax cuts of that 1 billion. 270 million kids directly out of education in a reduction of the local property. Directly 270 million. Governor Bush's urgent kid directly out of education. Isn't that now? Well, I guess a lot of folks think that our schools are overcrowded. Okay, to have kids. You know, study in the shack. Excuse me, portables. Um, not, not have any food. Uh, eat lunch. Yeah, that. I don't have tax books to take home at night to do homework. Right. Well, I'm not going to do a book sort of crowded, etc. I'm not going to put classrooms that are too crowded. And this year, when we have the money is where I can understand the years that you say, what, we just don't have enough money this year that maybe we're not going to put extra money into school. But if you're not going to do it in the years that you don't have the money, what are you going to do it? Uh-huh. I offered an amendment to take the 270 million and put it back into education. And it was defeated on the strict party line vote on the Democrat, the Democrat's voted in favor of it. But if we're public in vote against it. And I think that that's because they were trying real hard to make sure they could say with a billion dollar tax cut. Three quarters of a billion went to dinner. Yeah, no, that's a nice round of numbers. Very impressive. Yeah. Yeah. You were talking to that education. So that's why I called it in. You said, well, what are they having? But there's a thing that this Thursday's me Steve, though, is that this is always what we're hearing is that all there's more than enough money. It's just being wasted. There are too many bureaucrats, too many people making too much money at the top. There's plenty of money to go around. We do last thing we need is to pay more taxes of any kind, the support to school system. And in the meantime, all the efficiencies that you just talked about and a lot of others, they're going on. And nothing's happening. Fortunately, I'm not a school board member with all due respect to my friends in the school board. I think that's the best way to be crazy today to want to be a school board member. Yeah. It's an unwinnable job where asking the schools to do things that 30 years ago parents did. And it's almost it's an unwinnable situation. But yeah, they never talked about it. And again, I'm not going to send the school board not my jobs. But everybody talks about it. I have to make bureaucrats. I didn't try and introduce a bill which I couldn't get asked to set a statewide ratio at the web percentage of your total personnel. Could be administrators. I wasn't able to get that task. But I will tell you the flower is lower than the statewide average in the number of administrators. I think that means every school board statewide has too many. But I'm just going to know that the flower has less than the statewide average. And a lot of people are right throwing money at a problem absolutely does not sure. But not putting enough money in guarantees you're going to have a problem. Okay, Steve, thanks a lot. Keep hanging there. Okay, keep trying that the sound of each job. Okay, sure. Thanks a lot. Okay, stay centered or Steve. Governor. Good old jab bush dollars Republican friends up there in Tallahassee. As the Republican party continues to attempt to destroy the American public education system. This is nothing new. They've been doing this for 20 years now. Oh, we don't want to educate the people. They might actually get smart. Let's only have the elite at school to school. The people are a lot of money. What we'll do is we'll make all the bad schools even worse. And we'll give all these vouchers out so that, you know, we can subsidize people go to Perokill and the private schools. And then we can really destroy. We'll stick it to it. So only the schfarts are in the desperate the poverty stricken. They can go to all the public schools and let them rot in hell. That's basically what people like jab bush and his brother have to say about education. And of course, the problem in this state is that the response is. Yeah. Yeah. Because this is not a state. What's an important issue. And I found out in this show, boy, the last few weeks that we've been talking about this. You people out there, sure, is almost you don't care. All right, there's a sad thing to have to come on here and say, hey, all new kids out there. And we got a lot of kids by the way, who do listen to this show. I know it probably shouldn't say that because the FCC, you'll say, oh, you're saying, I don't give a crap about the FCC. They can screw off. We have a lot of kids listening to this show. Who appreciate you get a chuck a lot of it, who actually learned something from it. And it's very sad to come on and say, well, guess what, you know, I'm saying to hear all these stories that you tell us, but the fact is your parents don't really care about about you guys. They don't care about giving you quality education. All they want to do is ship the offer a few hours during the day and get your off their hands and, you know, hope for the best. Hope you don't kill anybody. You know, that Michel Gilland thing, even though it was her, you know, forget about the fact that it was her on channel for that. That just that alone was enough to tear your kishki's out. If you got any feeling about, you know, about kids, about intelligence, about quality of life, they don't care about those things. And that's why the reason I'm talking about this Jimmy Johnson thing is because it's such a classic example of what I've been saying for years. There's no sports fans in his town. This is the biggest joke. It's like you of them football program. There's a freaking joke for you. Oh, yeah, they get off to a big start. They upset Ohio State, which turns out to be a craft team anyway. But they win a game a lot of people expected to lose. Oh, yeah. We're back Hurricane and then they lose a couple of games. And right with it, oh yeah. Well, what I want to do, what I want to do, we jump on. That's not out sports fans. They sold out 54,000 seats in less than one day in Cincinnati for a playoff game on Monday night, that nobody expected was going to be played. 54,000, the place where there wasn't an empty seat in the house. And here when they can't fill up any sporting event here, they say, well, it was a short week because you know, they played on Monday night. So it was only five days. Right. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that, but don't expect us to keep subsidizing stadiums and arenas and for billionaires, so that we can build these buildings that can sit there empty. We already got the Miami Arena sitting there, empty. And now we got the American Airlines Arena. And it still can't sell tickets in that goddamn thing. And guess what, it's four blocks away. People still don't want to go there, especially those in creative prices. They're trying to give the tickets. They were advertising yesterday, some Sentinel tickets in the upper godly nose in the nose bleed. $8 a game for the heat. And they still can't sell them. So there's another good reason to go out and let's build a stadium for John Henry. There you go. You crazy bastards. Shame on you. They ought to get out. I'm going to be placed in Al Sunshine. But I can just get a little bit fatter. I'm going to work on my ham hockey now. Shame on you. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah. I just wanted to mention, I have a portion I don't remember the diet name exactly, but in the Palm Beach post, which shorts, did you don't get a subscription? No, we don't. Hi. And the sports section. I believe the commentate columns in this name, I think, is code. And it is column today by saying, and maybe Jimmy is fine that you look at him here. Uh-huh. Yeah. So he was expanding on the points that you're bringing out and brought criticism against this great article. You see, that's in Palm Beach. They're not quite as terrified and committed to them. But here. Now, seriously, the sports writers down here, I think Jimmy's got naked pictures of all of them with a billi-go to roll them in a big circle jerk or something like that. Because they're all scared to spitless at him. Those are pictures I don't want to see. But he works the same thing, cover the same teams, etc. So, anyway, I just also want to say thank you to the tailgators on leaving the stadium. I ran over a bunch of empty beer bottles and had a replace entire set. There you go. That's all I want to bring to the table. Okay. Thanks, Neil. There's another guy had a good time. Thanks to the strong-strunken redneck. Oh, yeah, come on. You're taking a fun out of it, man. We got to go tailgate. Hey, people who go to sports practices and people who go to tailgate parties. Hmm. Those are my favorites. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Our phone is like, how couple lines working here? Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Neil, what happened to the lottery money that was going to education? I don't know. I've been in the soccer side of the day. Some of it didn't write. Yeah, Colona was bringing it in for power from all the clothes that she had. Jeb's wife, I guess. Right. Colamba. And, you know, Jimmy Johnson here, you know, and he's out there crying about who the games pass by. He ought to look at himself in the mirror. That's what the guy just said in. Exactly. Exactly. He's out there screaming around and Raven. He had Tony's to grow it down. It is placed in the keys with the wind blowing. And, uh, I think there was a lot of blowing going on. They're all looking for that free trip down to the keys. Uh-huh. Well, maybe JJ will take that shot at JJ on the golf course and clean up two birds of one scone. Okay, thank you. We got a shot. He said, okay. We got 600 open lines here. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, I have two things to say. Yes, sir. Being a kid talking about other sports. I know you use it. Talk about the pants that you don't talk about. I talk about real sports. Let me ask you something. Let me ask you a question. Yes, sir. Um, Marino's been around here for 17 years. Yes, that's right. How many years was he on the shoot? Until, well, all the years until Jimmy got here. I'm in a superbowl, didn't he? How many did the quarterback win the Superbowl all by himself? The other quarterback is the key to the team. Uh-huh. Okay. I mean, this guy, you know, people are going on and on about to get out. We hate you, Danny. Oh, yes, we do. You're really joining a lot. We can't stand you. Jimmy was right on top. Yeah. He was on top of what? Nine a second thing. Well, let me ask you something. If that's the case, how come Jimmy didn't bring some hot shot quarterback in here? How come he didn't bring you on the team? How come he didn't bring you on the team? I'll bring you on the team. I'll bring you on the team. Please do it. Because these people here in Miami, if you say something about Marino, you might as well. Oh, you're dreaming, man. They're all on the bottom. No, no, I don't think they're all. They're all going to get them in their car. They're a little bit sick of that. They're a cardinal of the gigantic ass you're wrong. You never want to win. All the big day, Jay, look through his their carvettum of the gas. You never want to win with this guy. Yeah. Because he's a past already in a court. Yeah, right. When he comes to a situation where you know your day, and he won't let you out. I know that you know that you know that it was a big, you know nothing about football, okay, sir. Just like Hank, and how about training? Does he run with a ball? No. No. Plenty of quarterback. This year, and all through the years, who've been great, great winners of the championships who weren't mobile and didn't mobile with a ball. But don't confuse these people because like I told you, it's like a bunch of children in the sandbox. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Holly, would he? Anyhow you doing. Okay, sir. I got a couple of things for you. Well, first of all, did you hear the latest American Airlines flap? No. Well, you heard about that that poor little girl 12 year old Haitian girl that it was being sexually abused. And she was being used as a slave. She was brought over from this country. These, well, this rich family of Haitians that lived out in the town of Repond, apparently brought this girl over. And they were using her as a slave. Well, I remember the story. Yeah, I remember. Well, apparently these people made a break for Haiti. And apparently they were on an American Airlines plane. Yeah. Police discovered him about to be, you know, about to take off. They were on the plane when the police found them. Yeah. But American Airlines, they don't have jurisdiction enough to, to hold the plane. And they try to tell him, look, we got to go get a judge and an injunction to get these people off the plane and a rest of them. American Airlines refused the whole plane and flew him to Haiti. There you go. All right. Nice gone. Yeah. One other thing. Dan Moreno. He's the best quarterback to ever have played the game. He's still, even to this day, even in his waiting years, is still better than half of the quarterback starting on most of the teams today. And these jerks that call in and want to criticize Dan Moreno, who do they expect to still issues? Maybe Jimmy can go out there and do it. Yeah. You can't even, you know, nowadays, you can't even groom a young quarterback. Now, days, you either have to have a phenom that comes in. And start, you just start in a live with his mistakes the first couple years. Because if you try to groom somebody behind Dan Moreno or any quarterback, quarterback, sir, and such high demand, if you, if you sign name as a rookie for three or four years, which is standard for a rookie. And that's what you're talking about, you know, like the time and grooming him. By the time he's ready, he's a free agent. And he's, he's liable to go get signed by somebody else that's, now, either going to come behind you and pluck your quarterback. Well, I'm in, I'm in a degree here. They should have been groomed another quarterback last year, four years. Since Jimmy's been here, but have a great thacer. I don't agree with that. So light. Oh! Now, who's a good boy, sat there, so... ...and the dollar in the garden of the tattoo, so... ...he said, honey, I've funded for you, so... ...when you take him back, it's the private. Oh, right. Hey, it's the dollar. Hey, it's the dollar. Hey, it's the dollar. Take your clothes on jeans, it's this. I've got to see it out that I can do with this thing. Take it up a fake phone, blow this fat. Take my spell, give me Taylor where it's at. Take it up. Take it up. Sports work. Take it up. That's where it gets me and go. The girl's trying to win the big back guy. She'd know how to be full, but it's right. Back there, take two to show me the house. Oh, who would need this gift, my daughter's power. And dollar. And dollar. And dollar. And dollar. Back there, to win your... Okay, 1133 at 5.50, WQM 5.60, 705.50. Let's keep line force working now. Okay, let's keep on line 7. Well, we can't go. Oh, it's got a little problem on there. Some of our lines are working. No, so give it a shot, huh? Like we got a shot. Thank you, Bell. So, you guys really suck, but at least you're consistent. Here's a mobile info, Latterdale. Hello. How are you doing? I'm doing the best I can. I understand why these idiot dolphins and they're calling up. I'm wanting marino's head. They're all still tailgating. Yeah. I was up to game on Monday night, and I've never seen a display of lunch of drunken buffoons in my life. Yeah. I asked a fight. I want you to girl get punched in the face. There you go. Well, what type of a noxious buffoons go to? My fan fits your mouth. Teacher relation. I know I did. I just want to say all you dolphins fans are out here fighting in section 127. You're a bunch of losers. Okay, thanks. Well, they lost the game too. By the way, you remember that? They lost five six seven. Oh, five, six, eight pound five, six, eight, ten. T wireless line. Give it a shot. Let's see you far. Oh, wait a minute. We got that. I think they're touching you, rather than now that. I want to get two optimistic about these phone lines. Here's a mobile and open part, Kelo. In here, how's it going? Okay. I came to see you at a specs on Saturday. This is a way you fudge packing, guys. All right. I was wondering, how do you sign my CD? What's going to happen when you replace them? Are we going to get them signed again? Or we get to keep the piece in the middle? Just take the piece. Well, thank you. Where's your next place for you going to be? Pizza loss. Two is the October 19th. I hope I pray if the other step is ready. Can you give me a word when you fudge pack? So Jimmy Johnson? Will you fudge back him? Okay, pal. Ha ha ha. Now, see, there's a classic example that I'm always talking about. I mean, on a phone, this guy sounds a little bit nerdy. And they seem to be a one note. Were you fudge pack kind of a Charlie? But in person, he was a pretty interesting guy. Trust me. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. He was no Jacob, but hey, there's only one Jacob, baby. There's only one Jacob. Oh, Jesus. How about if there was like a Jacob on every street corner? I don't think I'd have time to be here. You want to see an old man run fast? 560, 0560, pound 560, on the AT. Oh, by the way, speak of that. I forgot to bring up that thing out of here about the breast, the implant guy that they're looking for. Another one of your people by the way, another faker. Thank God, we don't have too many fakers down here. And medicine and the dentist's hanging in that you name it. Every field we got more fakers and you can check your one then. They got it was doing the phone to implants. And they had that beautiful, beautiful blonde who we yet. And just to think, and I was taking it to myself when I watched that. I thought, God, here's a new enterprise for George. Just a breast implant thing. I just think the examination. First you got to do the exam. That's right. Check for lumps and bumps in the breast too. I'll just be the referral service. And you can even pick seeds out of there. Right, though, in your spare time. But nevertheless. Wow, she was a knockout. The thing that he disfigured her. That's really, I'm telling you. They ought to put him up there instead of the old's van van concert. Just to keep that up there. You know, that's another thing. I could bring that up again. But nobody cares about that because, you know, there's a great column by Max J. Castro, by the way. Because written to the columns and we're all like that in the Harold, promote democracy by practicing tolerance. Work toward changing the national image of Miami as a right wing bunker. And he mentions, among other things, the virulent attacks by some hardline Cuban Americans against the October 9 concert by the Cuban user group, Los Van Van at the arena. Which have been screaming about. But nobody cares because freedom doesn't exist here in South Florida, just a banana republic. 567. I thought line 4 was like, Oh, I'm sorry. Sorry, get a little carried away. Here's a mobile and pepper pine, hello. Oh, Neil, are you? Okay, sir. Neil, I live in your old neighborhood, Hamburg Lakes. And for years, I've lived in the Brower County for almost 30 years. As long as it's amazed how out of time for school board is. And I was reminded when you were talking to Steve Gallard before. A couple years ago, one of the local newspapers, I remember which one did a profile on every Brower County school board member. And they included where their kids went to school. Yeah. My surprise, probably any of the Brower County school board members had put their kids through the Brower County school system. They're all going to private schools. I think whatever was 10, I think two of them had them in the school system. I got to know Diana Watson, and our local represed, it was been on the school board in Brower County for 20 years. She's already or a kid was going through private schools. How do you like that? And it's just amazing how out of touch they are. And so it doesn't surprise me why these stupid management things happen. You know, when they opened Flanagan High School, they planned on 3,400 kids. They had no idea of the building that went on in February, Flanagan opened almost 5,000 kids because they didn't plan it. That's why the city of Femre finally got in soft set. They're building their own schools now. They built three charter schools now. It's just totally totally out of touch. The county and the school board don't even communicate on these issues. So I don't know. I just was reminded of that before. Thanks. Okay, thanks for the bad news. So the bad news is, I mean, why even stick your nose at a Mr. Hot Shot because it's a lost cause anyway, and most of these people don't care. And if they do care, they're not going to take into any way. So just, you know, school the kids, that's it. That's the Florida mentality. You know, something I was promised by the way that there wouldn't be any drill into the day. There wouldn't be a lot of noise. And we got some people who do it. Some other kind of crap out here in all the way. But it's always during the New Roger show. We got people pounding in Bang and then early in cable. I think they're laying each other out there in all the way. And they're banging on a ceiling. This is a crazy place. The freaking phones don't work. They're banging on a ceiling. But have an nice day. God, this is a crazy place for crazy, crazy people. And you walk on a hearly side of it to a clock here. We'd go and play. Yeah. That's right. Just like that. Like the moon, moon, moon, moon like that. Enough of the pounding. Enough of the noise. I already got a migraine from this guy. Damn center one business with those CDs. And from OJ and from our non-existent promotions department. I already got a migraine. I don't need no more pounding. It's not the kind of pounding I had in mind. Jacob. God. I'll feel so much better now. Yeah. That it stopped momentarily. Kakka. Whoop. This one. What else? What am I missing? Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen. Easy. Rembow forward. Oh, you. This can't remove still alive. I want to make movies for inside. My life to go with great plan of Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I wrote my penis in and never ever bruised. Rembow 2 was in 85. Rembow 3 was in 88. And you're nice. And you're nice. And you're nice. My God. I did not make movies with my son. It didn't make me say. He was in Rocky driving daylight in Colombe. A little bit of crashes for lightning. I got to get a little from the Powell Queen. I got to have a blood work and move me. Or Broadway's show like an army. I hit nobody had the stop-up ran. It was still good as a egg. I guess I understand. My whole life is about to cave in. All I got like this, you know, both my men. Let me get down on it. I need to make rainbow pouring by. I got out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it zip. Delight comedy. Action. And let you. And drama. The deal. I got a lot of extra light. So give me a break for goodness sake. I used to be out of for a night. You get a Ricky Lake right now. I got a one man selling pork hips. Basically I'm a unemployed chick. See. I want a bit of cash. What I mean. I got to get a loan for a McCallow Queen. I got to have another, a new mean. Or Broadway show like better. I hit nobody had the stop-up ran. It was stupid. So I understand. I want one to walk the camera. I got left instead of a climate. And that's why I'm leading to them. I need to make them more pouring by. But I'm looking absolutely. 14 to 0 at 5.60 WQA. I'm Hankl Beauder's Shueless today from about 2 to 6. Which they could have been laying the cable by the way from 2 to this while Hank is out of the building. And there's no show going on in here. But now let's do it during the show. Make a lot of noise again. Okay. Thank you. Here's a facts from Marty. Who says I grew up in South Florida where I listened to you for as long as I can remember. For last five years I've been living in Chicago and New York. In fact, I currently indicate my state of mind. Thank God for broadcast dot com says Marty Howard Stern and the Steve Bell. Just don't stand up to you. Says Marty. How do you like that? By the way, it runs in the family. My sister is the lady who won the hockey ticket size Friday. And guess what? She cheated in school too. That was the only way that there was a head of the hockey news open. And no matter what name I would have given, she had the number. I was going sweet art. Thank you. Marty and happy circus to you too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. These knowledgeable fans that we got at Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. Let's point to think because they lost the game and these people are crumbling. They're falling apart. The whole organization is going psychotic. Education in this state is a joke. Haven't got a goddamn cheese sandwich to feed to half of the kids in school here. They're not worried about that. That's for it. Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. We got a bunch of crazy people in this state. Just take a look at this place. How's line 4 doing? What was that? Hello? Did you hear somebody on it? It was a ghost. Not seriously. The ghost of one of our dead callers was on there. Maybe that was bill from Tampa from Clearwater, from Loots, Newport Richie. From the bill from Newport. Very good. Oh, bill from Newport Richie. I'll tell you one thing, Bill. I'll tell you what good weather. I'll be glad to listen to you for a pretty girl saying don't ever do it. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's the mobile and Palm Beach. Hello? Yes sir. Have a comment, right? Go in. Jimmy, have a take. Lane for anything. This guy had two weeks to get ready for it. Teamed he was supposed to beat. Right. And all he can do is win and put a pass on the Marino. Hello? Where's this new Jimmy Johnson off in? I mean, that's clear to our courses guy. Jimmy, have been on break. Right. You don't say it? I mean, come out. Can't you say something to think about? Come out with a damn wish board if you want to run so bad. But you said that you have two weeks you've been on course by Procells. You are a coach by the Game Act last time. He's a quit. That's my comment. Now you're talking pal. Thank you. You're a great American for you. I can't do this often fired up to by the way. And he's not a feared. Jimmy don't got no naked pictures of him. We don't think. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. Oh, Jake. Oh. Now we got now we got the, oh, they've set off the guy to him. Far along. Oh. This, you know something, this is the greatest. Take a look out the window in a hallway. See if the place is burning down. Because otherwise I'll get up and look at this. We got the guy named Firearms set off. How do you like this? All right. It's a crazy place. It's something that you weigh in. This is the best. This is the most. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah, what do you got to say about this monster? Oh, there he goes again. He's poor. Well, maybe he'll throw it in that's put the fire out. That sounds good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on, let's hear it. Let's get some folds on his dancing here. Now, let's get some calls. Maybe we'll talk loud enough like an actually hear the callers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 7, you two, I am. Hey, yes, sir. How are you? Okay. You know, he's just got a quick question. Go ahead. Now that's still Henry's on. Don't you think he careers almost over? No, I sure don't. We'll add this file. Okay, scratch this because you're listening. As long as you're still listening to that, so we'll be doing okay. Jack has. Yeah, that should be like I said before and today is living proof. He should be my biggest problem. And thanks for being a lawyer, listeners, sir, because we know Rainer Schuyne, you'll always be there. Fires, wind storms, hurricane. You'll always be there, Jack has. WCWM. Hello. Yes, George. Yes. Hey, it's Mark. Yeah, I'm listening to you guys and that's exactly how we're going to power those. It's one. The same thing's not happening at power, but only with you guys. It's only on this side of the bill. Of course, you guys don't get this excitement. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, the callers from 496 now is a little bit of a threat. Back into the sprinkler system and set up the alarm. All right. And delivery truck back into the goddamn sprinkler system and set off the freaking alarm. All right. Let's hear what's for whoever delivery trip. By the way, the quote Jimmy Johnson for delivery truck drivers. We've got a shot and it's for you. As whole. We need a fire department. We need a fire department. Can you show it off? Can't we like pull a fuse? Can't we Yankee crank it? Please, this is going to be a lot of going into a permanent period of time. You have any idea about that isn't here? I got news for. I got one on the wall right here. Yeah. Mr. Wineman. I don't have no goddamn earplugs like you got. Jesus. Jesus Christ. It's getting louder and louder. It's a crazy house over here. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, Chala. Yes, sir. Yeah. Ignorance is not as a fence in a quarter off. Yeah. Ignorance should not be at the fence or a radio talk show. Okay. Thank you. Here's Hollywood. Hello. That was one of your chronic. Yes, sir. Yes. I don't kind of listen. I love you, sir. I don't need to talk about the latter. They're going to make some sort of a lot of wengeings and sort of things. Nothing they heard you and none of the more money for the school. We'll take on that. Yeah. Go buy some tickets. Okay. Let us know if you win. So that you can't go in. So that you can't go in. Yeah. Why would you need to sign the office? Who's this? Just call him. Where are you from, Kevin? I want a mobile and a boarding vehicle. Okay. Let's start a mobile and a boarding vehicle. Hey, little. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Even, 25,000. All right. Hey, I'm glad I was Kevin. Even talking to Mr. Kim Smith, yes, I want to know. Well, every publication, every newspaper. Yeah. No problem. Read about new stadiums. This new stadiums, that. But we never read anything about new schools going up. Right. Now you're talking about... I mean, schools can't. We build with the money it takes to build one. One medium. Amen. God bless you, Kevin. Thanks, Bill. Have a great day. Okay. Got that radio cranked up. Well, Joe Costello just came in. I think he's going to jail. He's messing with a guy named Farilar. I think there. I think that's 20 years easy for messing around with a Farilar. For just this member going to save one. Oh, thank God. You're right. Oh, it's screaming in the other room. Close that door. Woo. Heavy. Duty. Five six. We won't be answering him for a moment or two. I mean, I could throw some music on. But that would take away all the enjoyment from our listening audience. It doesn't matter or fact. Let's punch that line up to read it. Look at that. Line four works now. I think. Maybe. Don't seem to be ringing. All the other ones are four and seven. I don't know. There's still whatever. Look at that. How promising that is, huh? You stick with us. You're a WCWM folks believe me. And you don't hear things that you never believe could possibly happen. And the history of the freaking human race. I know what your works for me. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. High-bullets. Gee, I love your dress. And your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Yes, if you. I thought you've beenhead and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grew up there on their shoulders anyway? Yeah. Right. Right, so what are you using now? Well, it's like Kevin Shover's only without all those added it's just called Chad Let's tell him about your Where could I get that lots of places chick you can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you 10 In a minute, I'll have him shampooed Silent and blown dry You don't miss a link to it Tencent and a green but is it expensive? Not at all, chick. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10 Jolly, that's that price everyone should be getting had That's right, chick when you say had you set a mouthful Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Balottie from Freedom All-Instrief You should get him first of lubricates each limp hair follicle leading an erect listen in shaft Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leading your hair soft shiny and exhausted nothing does the job like head Great, can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce? Probably but you might want to try your girlfriend first Can you get head your a lucky step? Want hair with lots of volume nothing gets it up like head. Available or price you won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said I want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you sweet Jesus I'm going down down and that makes a great holiday gift My wife gig me some head then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up my girlfriend used to give me heads Then we got married now. I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion and a national do-out Oh So Get demon Oh It looks glorious. You're the mayor. And 12.03 at 5.60 WQM. So anyway, the fire department was just saying the George Jordan to break. Suppose this was a real fire alarm. Which is not, we don't think. Oh, that's just Josh Friedman. But suppose it were. I don't want to, you know, cast dispersions on the great fire fighters. Well, now where are we? Is this like North Miami? Is this like unincorporated? Where are we? Do we have any idea? North Miami. I don't want to cast no dispersions on the North Miami fire department. But you know, if this were real situation, since there are the only ones that can come over here and turn this goddamn crap off, that's blasting through QAM. We'd all be dead. We'd be charcoal. Here's a mobile in Boca, hello. Hi, yes sir. This is the fire marshal. Lisa, we're not there. We're off of the corner collecting for the new stadium. There you go, excellent. That's what we're doing. Listen, what was the fire marshal? Listen, what was the current current of up before up still entries? You back home over there? No. We're going to be dead. What is it? He's going to be right here. Still Henry's on 10 o'clock at night on 9.40. Okay. And 9 in the morning. Have a great picture. We're not promoting Phil Henry here. We're giving up promos. Okay. Let him buy some billboards. You know, that's an interesting thing about this fan station. This fan them sports station. They go on the year. Anybody seen a billboard and add for them. Anything other than a very jackass tree publicity? No. They put a fill on over there and they change the whole lineup. And they'll say, oh, well, Neil gave us all that fee publicity. Yeah, right. What a good excuse that is for being just as cheap as we are. Pete, you phone is over there. Who you're getting? So, you know, the sprinkler? Yeah. I've got back into and burst in the spring water all over the place. That's whose car is getting yours? Great car wash. Guess who's not mine? Not yours? How about yours? I'll open that be. My car is parked like next to the water not see. It's on the inside. It's the ceiling. Stringlers are going to see. The ceiling. String on my car. Yeah. Pouring water down into my car as we speak. I just like the results. Great. Thank you. Thanks for the free car wash. What a great deal. Kind of here to work. You even get a free car wash. What's wrong with that? How's mine pour doing by the way? What's wrong with me? You're a car wash and I can't see anything. Nice going. You got your bill south. You got the fire department. You got this freaking place. Oh, it's amazing. Only. Only here, baby. This is just, every time you think you've seen it all, you know. Every time you think you've seen it all and you come in the next day and they come up with stuff. I've told you this before that nobody ever heard of before. Here's my honey. Honey. Yes sir. Call in about the underwood story. It's no ordinary attempt to suicide. He's with the doffins. Okay. Thanks. Brilliant. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Here's keep this game. Hello. Hey, you. Yes sir. I work for a security company. You know, I've racked my nuts. And basically I just get paid all day to listen to you. It's just beautiful. Oh, right. But I just wanted to say a couple things. Yes sir. I just want your viewers or your listeners to know that. They can say no to search. So those goddamn pigs out there. I got pulled over the other day. Okay. For some strange read. Let me say, can I search for for speed? Okay. And for some strange read. And he decided to say, man, search for vehicle. And I said, uh, thinking of course, you know, I had nothing in the car. Right. And I had, you know, make your day. And I ended up finding the smallest teeniest little road inside the car and he arrested me. Oh my God. So just say no. You found a teenie little one, huh? I teenie little one. How about a road? I could have believed in the arrest that you went in the snow. Now what do you got to do? So now I got to go to court. I got to pay this. I got to be that. It's the most ridiculous thing. And now my lawyer says you could have just said no. The road's police. Yeah. It's unbelievable. The old company. No. No. Thank you. I think you're like that. He must have been hanging out with Karen Stommers. It was just a pin joint. Yes. So would you like someone to move your car? I'd like to get an honest, an analization. I mean, Igor there said it was just dripping a little bit. I mean, what's what's the exact going to make? It's not going to be a leak. Is it? In addition to which when the holiday fire fighter is going to get here already, huh? Jesus, God and Joseph, we got a better chance of Batman and Robin Schoen up with her goddamn crime fighting booties on than the freaking firefighters here in North Miami. This thing's been going on for a half a freaking hour here already. With their firefighting booties. I mean, that's what they're doing. Sliding up and on that grease pole over there. That's what the firefighters and paramedics do a lot, you know? You know? Yeah, but you do. Thank God for Joe Costa. I don't want to say it was Joe that turned the volume down on these things. Because otherwise, so we'd be, we'd be a little bit like that. And we're already to go to maneuver like that to begin with. You got out of the UK. Wherever the bag is. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, 14 at 560 WQM is you can hear the fire alarmers continuing beeping and puking and carrying on. And the water continues pouring out out of my card done. There was Tommy. Thank God. He's going to move right now. I think Jimmy Johnson did it. I do. I think it's a JJ conspiracy. You know something Jimmy, you're still an asshole. Okay. We're not going to get off your case. Just because this is the one. You're on his radio station where somebody's got the balls and HQ of you and your guy that they could pick you. You know what, Jimmy? He's an asshole. That's right. FNA, maybe. We're going to tell him like it is. Escape code finder. Let me tell you one more time. The buck stops here. Grow up in B.A. Man. Stop being a crime. Maybe like somebody we're out in this building. Grow up in B.A. Real Man. You put, you put wacker. You silly silver hair geek. 560, 505, 60, pound 560. On the AT&T, where does lime? I hope you're having a great Wednesday. We sure are here at 2 AM. Let me tell you that. Just want to think things couldn't get anymore embarrassing anymore unbelievable anymore degrading in the wrong place. Any more psychotic? Where's he? He's by the way in the middle of all of this. Where's the big shot? Where's Mr. Hachat? How about you, A.P. and on his car? Well, I'm for just a second there. I thought that thing was stopping didn't you? Huh? How is lime for coming? Hello? Hello? Hello? Luis Restaurant in the Bronx? So let's go? I can make the call. Please hang up and car. Oh, thank you. Sorry, I'm sorry. Here's for a lot of day. Hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I had a step in my front. Yeah. There's WQA and Fetched-State. Okay, yeah, okay. Let's go to a sunrise, hello? Neil. Yes, sir. You know, Firewoms are like a light safety issue. If they're going off, you should leave the building. How it's meant if they're like that? Uh-huh. And as far as to say, you know the cops, if everything's they don't please officers, is this essential contact? You can do it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT Sound's like a voice of experience. 560 on the AT and T line. Here's the rail, hello? Neil. Yes, sir. I'd show today, but. Oh, yeah. You could tell. Listen, I watched the story. Yeah, maybe that's why the Firewarm went off. Exactly. Two hot for this place to handle. Exactly. So watch the story of the night on the hockey team up at Ottawa. It has like the number two second vote of second best player in the league. Yeah. And he's holding out now. Yeah, sure, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the class acts as to say, have going against the right. Which I thought was fantastic. He's got a lot of momentum. I don't know how you feel about that. But you know, yeah, the contract and they stole the tickets and people bought him to come. I'm all for saying no to these guys, man. Just like just like Mike Greer over there, and Edmonton is a Schwarzscher guy who's a good young player, but not a superstar. And they offered him a million dollars a year. And he said no, and Glenn Say they're said, okay, well, I hope you enjoy your retirement. And guess what yesterday said, well, yeah, I know what I'll take the million. Yeah. And the same thing for you, scavengering Toronto who held out. And finally, they made a deal with it. But you know, something don't report right away. Take your time and get in here. And he's all panicky. How come they don't want me right away? This is it's about time to start. It long overdue. Well, I think it's even worse for the guy. Now, those guys were fine. Here's the guy. He has the contract. He agreed to play for that. That's right. Amen. They're soon. They're going to be a great day. I hope they send them to Siberia. Exactly. Have a good day. Okay, Palin back to you. So the fire department isn't here yet. Yes, but some listeners from advanced fire and safety. You have to hold it in the parking lot. And they're going to be really racing towards the central, Francis. Sanctuary Parkway. Shut it off. Oh, thank God for our listeners. Oh, Jesus. I feel like somebody just took a 7,000 pound weight off my back. Wow. Again, thank you to advance fire and safety. God bless you because if we would have had a weight for the guy damn north. Miami to get off that grease polar sliding up and down. This whole building could be like cinnamon cinders. Oh, I feel so much better now. It's been going on for like 40 minutes. And you have no, and believe me, thanks to Joe for turning it. God damn sound on the first 20 minutes of it. It was like the end of the world in here. Just just just like the little in fact last year when it came played here early in the season. So that was the night that the they had the volume cranked up on a guy that MP at the macarina. So love that your brain, you could hear the brains rattling in those of us who had one. 560 505 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. Lop it in. How many 20 years season taken hold with the dolphin? Yes, sir. And I represent a minority of I'm not. I'm not a redneck and I don't drink before to gain during the day. Oh, right. I'm not a wrong with a couple of beers, but a couple of for these guys. That's not even a, you know, that's not even a start. You don't need to drink yourself and they're boosing and obviously. Right. You know, all this talk about this stuff. I mean, we lost the football game. I mean, I love the team. I've had lead orange and aqua, but we lost by five points. Yeah. And they're coming. I'm glued now. You thought that the world has came to an end. The assassinated. Right. You know, just looking at that and some of these colors talking about the great quarterback. They're only great. They want to super bowl like Plunkington, Host, elder and Doug Williams. Right. Please, let's go and know what this crazy people and I'm grateful people too. This time this doesn't deserve Dan Moreno. You know, unfortunately you're right. You know, and one of the things, as far as Jimmy, he needs to have a scapegoat for everything. And that when he had to deal with, when he let him go, I don't know if you remember what Steve and said, he said, you can't make chicken salad with chicken shot. Right. And that's what I'm that up. What have we done? Mm-hmm. Really shot. So we don't forget. We got a shot. Yeah. Maybe we're going to be talking about this chicken shot. Maybe that's what he meant. Thanks a lot, pal. I'll see you. Have a great day. There's an honest, tall fan right there. Somebody at the, isn't all psychotic and living in a goddamn crazy world. 560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I'm going to explain this. We try to put the pieces together with this mess of this nightmare today. What? Or your ears ringing? Do you say something? Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yes, sir. Chubby check in then. That's how I'm listening to you, Neil. Oh, God. Chubby is, I think she's looking for the fish. She probably deserved her. Her and what's new. Listen, let's get off. Chubby check in then. Let's get off, Jimmy. He needs some head for that hair, it is. Yeah. Who the hell would want to give him head? That's all. Now this story. Listen, how many out here? I just recently got grilled in a divorce here and my son, the 70 year old, been dying to go to a Panther game. Yeah. Oh, I tried to snore one day and that was a losing battle there when you had tickets one day. So I got to get a few meals and take them to a game. But what kind of deals do they have going over there these days? What kind of deals is they going? I mean, how much is the parking? You know, this is going to, like I said, I'm going to have to get like three meals to take. This game. So what's my most economical way to get myself in him in there? I had the Panther pack, but I don't know if I'm sure there must be Panther pack available for night call up a ticket master. Yeah. We're ticket, whatever it is. A ticket or a ball ticket, a ray for stand. I'm sure they got Panther packs deal because, you know, there were 6,000 unsolved tickets for the game tonight. Yeah, that's the one I'm hoping to get. And those are the real cheap. I don't know they used to be like 12 bucks in the other joint. I don't know what they go for here, but they're real cheap. Okay, but those you can't get right at the stadium or I don't believe so. Okay. All right, Neil, I love you, Shaw. And bring binoculars too. You'll have a great time. A little oxygen, some binoculars, it'll be great. I'll see you there. Okay. Thanks. A lot of tickets for night's game. I'm trying my best. Let's get some people out there to see a real sport to at least show appreciation for Pablo, Burie and Ray Whitney and the real guys we got on this team in a real goddamn sport. We're not about to cry babies like those dolphins who lose one stick in game. We're, we're. And start, I mean, you can see the whole thing. You're total panic. Panic hysteria. Figure prime like I how many times did I say that Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. And now it's just blown, I mean the sky high, the whole thing. And that's all they can talk about. That's all these people know from. Well, pack your sandwiched Jimmy, okay. You can go off. You can go off. You can go off to Sam Quentin and visit all the guys. All your go extra players out there. Sam Quentin, Rayford, make the rounds. Go up there and check out see how the Beatrice is doing if his neck is healed up yet. Thank you Tommy. What is it? Thank you. Yeah, thank you. I wonder what you took out of it. Here's Miami. Hello. Uncle Mayor. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Listen, first of all, I just wanted to tell you the listening to you since I was 15 years old and I love your show. All right. And I'm pointing now and that's pathetic. And I too get paid to drive around all day and listen to you. Actually, a lot of people do that and I commend them for it. Anyway, I was at the game. You know, I was sitting up in the flung zone and I too enjoyed all the fights, but there's a point in the third quarter where the dolphins just weren't doing anything. It was a four and out. And the fans started like maybe a 20% started bullying, marino and the offense. Yeah. I mean, don't get me wrong about this whole fair weather and drunkenness thing. I understand. Yeah. Exactly. But it was just pathetic. And I was getting pissed off and I come totally with that other guy who called up two three colors. They lost by five points of having marney. You know, and no one did the credit to the little. They lost the game. They lost the game. It's a 16 game season. They're two and one. They're lucky to be two and one. But they're two and one. And what's the problem here? They didn't play well or was disappointing. Marino had an off night. They got no running in. Why aren't they screaming about the fact that all this highly talented sees a list and sees a lad and the JJ Johnson is And nothing. Zip it in embarrassment. It's a it's a fairly I mean, I hear everybody's witshing about. Yeah. I mean, let me tell you one thing. Seasonal Collins had one great game in the preseason. Okay. Well, and you know what this was all the side to exhibition games mean very very little. They mean both of the guys who are trying to get it. You know, secure a place on the team, but other than that in terms of really meaning anything, you show me what a guy can do in any sport in a real game that I'll tell you in opinion. And have a great day. I think you just passed out just crushed from the pressure. Hey, Cecil, by the way, how's the matrix doing? And of course, I'm not even going to go into it. 567. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Emil. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm really glad you're raised and how about their school situation? Is that the long been a pet to you? Yeah, again, tremendous response, by the way. It's not only cares nobody can grab. If all you think got the representative Steve Garer, Senator Steve Geller called it every before. Thank God for him because other than that, nobody cares. If I was a taxpayer, I mean, I'm a taxpayer. I don't have kids in school. But at kids in school, I'd be raising how the McNevara built that multi billion dollar safety complex over there. A Broward Boulevard, they got enough money for that. They got enough money to send these cops into the script clubs and the swing club. Right. That's right. And the court cases are going to cost this county probably millions of dollars to chase that a bunch of swingers around. And but they never have money for the kids. And this is the only state that I've seen that has kids going to school in trailers and taking trim questions from painted tarnacts. Right. I mean, and no showers, no no textbooks and no toilets. We had one kid yesterday said they can't even go to the damn toilet because there aren't enough toilets to go around. I mean, this is disgusting. It's unbelievable. And the nature of the people who live in this state, I'd say about half of them. Their mugwom would be a compliment. Okay. Well, mugwom would be an understanding to describe their mentality. Here's the situation that I don't believe is even when you go up to Palm Beach County, they got that brand new beautiful multi billion dollar government complex. Why is it they always got money to build these. The government is the ones that should be in the freaking trailers. I said freaking, by the way. That's okay. They should be in in reach trailers and the kids should be going in the beautiful school. Right. That's right. But why did they just, you know, I'm sure they all want to go to work in a beautiful place. But hey, you know, where's the priorities? Amen. Have a great day, Pat. Good luck to our. So there's one guy that cares. There are too many of you out there including the mothers. There's a lot of mothers in this place. So we're all the lines working now or what? How's line seven though? Oh, I think they're all working now. 560, 50560, pound 560. Thank you, Bell South. What's your wife? You guys actually have come through. What's your law? Floridian's dumb ad dur. There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day. Oh, I sit that is desk making clothes for casty leaves. There loves the word, but doesn't love the pain. Thank you, Bell South. Thank you. Make a good morning. Day of the ones who make a soccer day should come to play. It's just going to make it. Look how you love to buy. It's sure they make a soccer day with casty leaves. Oh, right. There is another example of what's wrong with the woman of America. I mean, is there any man and even Frank Gippert cancels? There's one man in America that has any respect and can't see to that bitch. No, no. The women. Kathy Lee, Oprah, Jenny Jones. Oh, and of course, Oprah for president, baby. That's fucking bitch. Here you go. That's what the reform party says. And just when you think that maybe we've got an alternative. And that this party is going to turn into something serious. We should have known all along and could have a serious. Anything that that little big-yared BDI tour brought Piero started, it could never be serious. Donald Trump and Warren Bany and Oprah Winfrey and Donald Buck and Mickey Mouse and, uh, oh my god. You run Gary Bower will run pop-a-bauer. How do you like that? 560560 and what the hell we're going to do to get Billy out of jail on guiding like God, damn it boy. I'm afraid what's going to happen to him on the inside there. Here's Volca. Hello. How are you doing sir? You deserve better than what that circuit is doing down there to you. Yeah, that's pretty much sure. I was wanting to do that. You can take a funny den this, you're a bitch. You can't comment that the Buffalo Bill's coach made about Jimmy John's stuff on the, the flu deflates from the playoffs last year. No. He said, uh, I was happy about the win the Monday night, but I didn't go stop on I can't have a hairspray. I love it. Beauty. It was classic. Okay, proud to remember Jimmy sucks. All right. Okay. Okay. Jimmy, he's an asshole. Right. And they'll stick up for my nestation and they'll defend him and I'll give you a big song to dance and oh, he's just trying to play head game. Yeah, right. Head games. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Western. Hello. Neo. Yes, sir. I just wanted to calm tell you that the move is just left. All I got to do is take a shower and wash the stink off this smell of a little town. And I'm out of here. Where are you going? Wisconsin. Oh, nice timing by the way. Yeah. Whether it's getting good here and you got up there. Take your parka, baby. Yeah, I got one. Well, I've a love list to you though. Be listed. I need an end up there. All right. Good luck, pal. Okay. Here's a guy. He's bailing out. Can anybody blame him? No, no. I didn't think you'd say yes. 560. We got two three other open lines here. This hour all of a sudden. Now that we got to phones fixed. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in a tavern here. Hello. Hi, Neo. Yes, sir. Maybe somebody could tell me why is it always today that the bureaucracies and like the managing your estations, these people seem to be the primary and the talent and the kids and all that are secondary. That's right. We get the shaft. That's right. They got all the big, you know, the big stuff. You get crap. Well, with that crew doing without talent on the radio, that means there's something for them to do during the day to make money or what? I don't know. Maybe a shoe shine stand. I think that's about their limits. Yeah. Well, another thing too. I don't know if somebody can verify it or not. That's a kind of hard to shine shoes while you're scratching your head. But anyway. I do remember reading something a while back where the superintendent of schools at the date county gets a salary somewhere upwards of 500,000 a year. Yeah. I don't know if that's true or not. I don't either. And I don't know what. He can't tell me what we can make. Can't we see him instead of that same Donaldson look alike? He means they got with the straw here. The black. Yeah. Yeah. He's wrong. Okay. What do you say? Did that make any sense? What is it? Oh, no, but he means well, he just is talking crap. 567. 0.560. 0.560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and pop in. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Long time listener. About 20 years. Loyal fan of the dolphins. All right. You know, I'm pretty a couple of years for the game. We do this hell. Okay. Right. And have something to eat. But I mean, we don't get out of the end. Don't I'll go on to the drug and red next. It's exactly. Exactly. Well, we're on the third road. We don't get to see a whole lot of that. We see everybody looking behind us to find it. But it's got too bad. I'm going to say that the five years that I went to the dolphin game is most of the action was in the stands. Yes, it is. Very little on the field. A lot of the stands. Very little. What do I say you sat a day? Good. I noticed there's a lot of snores there. But we were in and out. Got a little information from you on Vegas and I was very happy with that. Right. The school situation right here is just horrendous. Just horrendous. I mean, I've been taxpayers and I've been down here. I have no children. But as much money as I put into the school, I should have my own. Yeah. And I just found set up with that noise. I have kids live around me. And they're all hanging out in the streets every night. I just don't know where everything's going. Okay. But I'll have a great time and figure. You do the same. Okay. He sounded like suicidal. Vegas will cheer you up a lot, sir. Trust me. You'll lose your ass, but you'll have a hell of a good time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's not like the world is coming to win. And is it fun? Cheer up a little bit. It's just we're talking about these things out loud. Like a build wreck out loud. I've seen you have to get psychotic about it. We got enough stuff here inside to get psychotic about. We had to cable people knocking on the goddamn ceiling. We had the bell sound people at our phone system all screwed up all morning. And then we had to go down the fire alarm. Go off. All the morning. All before noon. You show me another radio station in town that can make the claim to that. All right. We're doing it. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Well, you're just doing it. Actually, this isn't a mobile. This is this is here. This station area and coconut creek. The station area. How are you doing this afternoon? Okay. I just got a couple of things that are listening to radio station this morning. Jimmy, they're going to call it a probably four or five calls to go. You get it right on the edge. Jimmy Johnson is as you go to the system as they come. He's used to some success and when he can't get some success, he finds a skate boat and he uses the animal in the rest of the and everybody else on the team. I think you show me a real man in that man will take the blame. He'll say the bucks stops here. Not a good looking right off the bat after one loss, narrow loss, and he's looking to start blaming somebody else. Exactly. I tell you special, special Olympics. That's what they're there for. That's what they need to. Hey, one other thing. AT&T, what goes around comes around. How a good day. Okay. Whatever that means. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, what was that? Anybody know what that means? No. Can't figure it out. Say who do you love my Jockey shorts? In theaters now from the director of Inspector Gadget, the producer of the wood and some make-up chick from Big Daddy. It's Inspector Big Wood. Who is your Big Daddy? Who is your Big Daddy? Who's my big dad? You know what your nickname is? Mr. Pan. Oh, friends. Go on there. You. You got a big one. You got a big one. You got a big one. Inspector Big Wood. First 50 people. The each movie gets a pre-inspector Big Wood action doll. Maybe harmful as well. 1243 and 560, WCM. We got that Goldberg show. It's Juli's into a clock. We got the Josh Darrell 6 to 7 a kill on a dead hour in there. And then seven o'clock we got a kill with a pre-game from the Mac Arena. The Kings here tonight. The L.I. Kings. And your Florida Panthers. That'll be a night. Come on get with it. Get off your dead ass. 560, 560, POM-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Margate. Hello. Mobile in Margate. Here's a payphone in Margate. Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm just a bit. You've got a bad payphone, by the way. Yeah, I can't. I can't. I'm on the area. I've listed here on your show. Is this better? Yeah. Okay. All right. Now, um, you might want to mess up with the arena. Uh, you guys look a little quote called hot chocolate. Yeah. He was coming out about. Okay. Good. Great. You can grind it here. Okay. Let's start making personal attacks on Danny Boynell. Okay. Let's start making personal attacks on Marito because they lost the game. This is what South Florida's all about. Okay. This was their hero. This was the un-touchable man. This was the man the gladiator so to speak. And now they lost the game and the coach turns on a quarterback. It says it's all in his fault and he's old and he's seen out and he's a moron and he's got a bad arm and he called a bad game and his bad judgment and he's got, uh, what do you call it? Football, football, soccer, soccer, soccer, soccer, soccer, soccer, soccer, and right away, they guess what? He stole a freight train when he was a little kid and he came out of some company, uh, dingo, some broad in there. Oh, god. Here we go. You folks are as predictable as the god damn weather at the North Pole. The most un-greatful, the most un-belevable. Turn, I mean, turning on people like a snake, like I said before like a cornered rat. Three weeks ago, his stuffed didn't think it was as pure as the snow. These people would have eaten it by the, by the table spoonful. Not a teaspoon, by the table spoonful. Here you go. Oh, it's from Dan Marino. God, there's lunch. And now they lost the game and right away. Oh, you know, Danny Marino, he's a piece of crap. He'd done this, knee down it. Like I said before, this town, anything good, whether it's Neil Rogers, whether it's Dan Marino, whether it's Pavelle, Buray, whether it's Ray Whitney, this town doesn't deserve anything good. This town deserves to be exactly what it is, a freaking banana republic and a place for old people waiting to die. That's all this town is and it's all it ever will be. That's why kids can't get a decent education here or go to a reasonable school. Or get a goddamn lunch at the during the middle of the day. Because this place is a freaking joke. You're full. You're playing with yourselves. You're not kidding anybody. You don't have to kiss as asked if you think he's too old, if it's okay, fine. But you got to crucify the guy now because you lost the game. Jesus Christ after they beat Denver in that first game, you would have thought they just want to freaking Super Bowl and they need to for 40 touchdown passes in one game. And now it's a tack and a tack and a tack and he likes the place. God, I don't give a crap what he does. That's his business. That's between him and his family. And as far as Jock's goal, by the way, no matter what the hell he does, as far as Jock's generally goal, he's with several steps above most of them. Especially on this team. Here's a mobile and cool procedure. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. I just want to get your honest opinion on some. I'm down here 17 years. I think you're a classy person. I like you show a lot. I see. Yeah, you're a good person. And the other call is that we'll call in. He'd be in a bill span. I went to the Dolphin Stadium and I spent my money. And I was classy enough. I was sitting in a section with some good people. I see him. And they were saying, I think they were classy when I take a bus a lawyer. Well, talking about guys from Rochester who worked in Batavia and in Buffalo, so I know, but he didn't get me out of the way. But anyway, go ahead. That's the thing. As the game was going on, these people were really nice and they were congratulating me. And I was telling them, hey, it's a game. You guys beat us plenty of times. Once before, I went to some guys with drink and drunk one that had jumped like girl from my and her daughter and myself. And it's just that you don't even want to go to the games no more. And it just makes it really unbearable. And it's just the game like you said. Right. And I thought it's a place for a bunch of drugs and redness. Don't you understand that? That's what football's all about in the deep self. It's, you know, I mean, you go to a, you go to any sporting event of North and it's entirely different environment that is here. Well, I've never been to a morning game, which I want to try to take the family to when I heard those were pretty mellows. I just want to do that. Okay, listen, when you got your own private section that doesn't get more mellow than that. Yeah. And, you know, being a bills fan, I just, you know, I'm glad my key one but there are the last few years. I've been walking out of that stadium and my head down, but I never punched garbage fails through things and call people maybe. Yeah, but you're forgetting about some of the bills fans that were throwing rocks and stuff at the dolphin fans up there a couple of years. I mean, there's plenty animals all over the place. You know, I mean, Buffalo's guy got no hold when it comes to class. There's plenty of disgusting creatures up there too, pal. I'll see. I'll see you in like a while. Okay. Good on you. But the point we're making is that when you go to a football game for some strange reason, I'm like some of this morning events, there is a, I'm not saying that everybody goes to the dolphin games in a category. Only about 70, 80 percent. Yeah, there's a few of us Jews and, you know, ordinary, run of the mill crackers that go to these games, a couple of charges. They get free tickets. But generally speaking, you got a bunch of drunken yahu's looking for a fight. Like you're always hearing Joe Rosa. That's all he talks about with a jet people is about his brother, and all's going to come in and kick this one. And that's another reason why the Panther fans are all bent out of shape because the big fish parts are Peter Warwell. He's out for five weeks. And our so-called fans, that's the idea of a hockey player. It's somebody that's a good. That's going to be the crap out of somebody else. Which quite frankly, just a few days into the season. That's the last thing we need a lot more of because we're going to have some people die before too much longer if you don't stop. It's a red neck. It's a deep south red neck mentality. Are we into deep south? Oh, what a surprise. Take a look at the map. Take a look at that big thing dangling down there. And the state, too. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I just wanted to say first of all. Like a chronic spikton me. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T, where was mine? Here's Jupiter. Hello. I've been a dolphin hater ever since they tried to get us to pay for the Joe Robby Stadium with taxpayer dollars. But I wanted to ask a question about Jimmy Johnson. What kind of guy wears his Dallas cowboy superbowl rings when he's coaching the dolphins? What kind of a guy? Yeah. If you can answer, I think that answers your question. What is that guy to do with the price of a peanuts? This guy's looking at his ring. Maybe you want to date. I don't know. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's home's dead. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're absolutely right on target there about a couple of comments. First of all, one of the upsetting, which I found not all about. I'll just pick them myself back at the festival prior to the game with their conduct and all that, which is left the legacy by the way. As you win. Yeah. That's followed. You know, that's since then. Then after the game, again, going back to Jimmy. I'd say a one thing. Jimmy is the guy who put the pool in her column. Absolutely. Right. When test the vertical, if you recall, I didn't watch that game. I was in my living room. That was about what the 84 actually festival. When test the vertical, I'd say the end's on guidance set by Shane Collins, Pennsylvania, a Penn State app post game. He said that was all test the vertical. It was his decision to throw in the end. That's when I found out about Jimmy Johnson. Yeah. He's got no backbone. He's got no balls. Yeah. It looks for a scapegoat. Every time something goes wrong, he's looking to blame somebody else. You pass his speaks out of both sides of his mouth. That's right. I'm going to couldn't make a, I wouldn't dare try to call a handgun. I know I get this, but that is the absolute question. Well, most of the people in this station, there for whatever reason, they'll criticize all the other teams, but when it comes to the dolphins, they're all scared, crapless of a Jimmy Johnson. I don't know what that's all about. Yeah, maybe because he had a hairpiece got to do that. That might be it. And my other comment I was going to make, you're, again, on the money, you're the spokesman when it comes about this education system. I've been down here like 20 years and I tell you I seem to deteriorate almost enough. And I'm going to have its sportsman, but to see that people have to prioritize about and take sports, like to take that when their education kids aren't. Immigulate dorms, trailers. Right. And then also like, I'm here in day. Portable classrooms, whoever heard us such a thing. Yeah, and we got a guy who's managed on here trying to, he listed 20 with 26.5 million dollars a buy a circle. What that was that? Yeah. $25 million so they're going to have a circle jerk and don't forget the 29 million that they wasted at the airport on a project that they started and it got all screwed up and now they can't get the money back. So there's another 29 million I would have bought a lot of textbooks, a lot of lunches at school at lunchtime. I mean, and the public just hits back here and all they care about is that the dolphins win a game on Sunday night. Yeah, my regret in that instance is that I'm sorry, I didn't work hard when I get a part time job. I put my kids to private school because they didn't end up all that straight because it was going to be school-trained. Yeah. But anyway, that's something that's water and needs to bridge. And my closing comment, I had a suggestion on maybe you're one of your drops there for a since Roy uses yours. Why don't you change it to Roy? Okay. Have a great day. Have you? Okay, see. What do you say? Roy. Is that what he said? 5605. The 560560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's Holly, would. Hello. Yes, sir. Give me Johnson as a joke. That's very why. It pops at a racer line in his car. When he married his runtime girlfriend, during the ceremony, he held the bottle of beer in one hand. But my main needs in for farming is the lecture learned at the NFL. Yeah. The NFL is overrated over a day. Just as short of season as a major sport and I'm trying to generate five months. Once a week, take place. 16 minutes a week. 30 minutes and half-time, 30 minutes and these days. I've been counting special teams. Right. 30 minutes a week. For millions of dollars, or hundreds of thousands of dollars. Now is that of a pay-to-watt? Amen. Amen, Neil. Thank you. From your mouth to somebody's to Jimmy's rectum. Right. Okay. Thanks. 560560, that kind of called me yesterday to give me crying. Oh boy, a lot of crying. We're going on around here lately about the jokes and about, oh, they're not getting paid too much. They don't get paid all their money up front. Or whatever the hell he was talking about. I remember back at IOD a few years ago when somebody got a hold of one of those, they can suck those pay-stubs and made a copy and fasted to us with like 870,000 bucks for two weeks. And I realize not everybody's a superstar. And not everybody gets paid like those. They can suckle a fine upstanding guy from Los Afro. Nevertheless, your priorities are totally absolutely unacceptable and upside down. And that was the same guy who gave us the brilliant observation that the back street boys are making all of this money. As if that has something to do with jokes. And like I said yesterday, we don't build stadiums. We don't build a arena so that in sync or the back street boys are barbers to rise down. Or anybody else can't come into a form in them. They come to communities and they perform just like that cruel sky amphitheater that outside joke up there in Palm Beach County. If that's where they have to go to appear because they're record label owns that thing and sends them there. That's what these guys go. I don't know the guy damn cow pasture somewhere. And they don't come to town and say, oh, all new taxpayers out there, build a nice new spec and arena somewhere so we can perform for you. And then charge you a lot for the tickets. That's the best part of the deal. Build us in arena and then we'll turn around and if you want to come and see the event, then we're going to charge you. We're going to soak you through the nose. So thank God for Glenn say they're in thank God for someone and even cheap Harry sin in there a Boston thank God for some of these hockey people that are finally saying no. You don't want to take this offer. Go. Go have a good time. We'll send you the Siberia Demetri. That thing would Glenn say they were an Edmonton that was one of the greatest moments in America when a Canadian and American history. You don't want the million dollars. I hope you enjoy your retirement kid. All of a sudden they were two later. Oh, guess what? I'll take the million. Thank you. He signs a contract. He's on you guys. He's kissing their God damn ass. This little shwarts are there for his million dollars. The Metrius sketchy could be shoveling cow crap inside Buria and he's turning down all that money and finally he's oh yeah, okay I'll take it and I said well listen don't hurry up here. Okay take your time. We'll let you know later. We'll report on a long drive up there. I live in Jersey. Not just take your time. When you get here that'll be soon enough. Big hot shots. By the way, Cory Cross looks pretty good, baby. All you leaf fan out there. This ball on CBS meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of zone. It's Father Tourette's Mystery. Clearly beloved. We are God's year today. We're joining together. In Holy Matrimon. Father Tourette's Mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Holth List and NYPD Blue Ball. This ball is a little bit of a fun moment. It's been an hour with Father Tourette. Boyd after an almost season of touchdown there by an angel. Only on CBS. One 0 to a 560 WCM. So anyway, you notice no comment at all in fact it's been almost even worse than the thing with the adkins that would take us that's you know, either they're doing it or they're not doing it and they're losing it or they're not. But at any rate, the agency went to her thing. It's just a astonish me. Does it really astonish me? Oh, that sounds good. That there's no comment. And this he's an audience of mine. Nobody seems to give a crap. I mean, here finally, this is like a it's like we finally have reached the crossroads in American history where somebody who's like the governor of a state within less than a week, the governor of one state in Mexico comes out and says that we ought to legalize drugs, the war on drugs is a force. And I don't agree with them on cocaine and heroin, by the way, but certainly marijuana. No, no, no, tell me that thing's going to start going off again. Did you hear that? Did I hear it? My heart's gone down. Yeah, the goddamn fire alarm just farted again. Oh, that's all we need. Jesus, K Christ and Mary, too. So the governor of Mexico says that which we talked about yesterday, at least I talked about. And then we had to call from the son of one of our listeners out there who's involved fighting tooth and nail the try to bring this country to a sense. But of course, he's fighting a multi-billion dollar establishment, the DEA and all of that crap. And then we got the governor of Minnesota who says religion is a sham in a scam and a bunch of more crap for a week need people for a week minded people who feel strengthened numbers and want to be part of some kind of a stupid club. Basically, that's what he said to which I say, that's the real quick correction. And I also say, all right. And here, the hero again, because naturally he's got, don't understand the mainstream media now, if got to make him look bad. Because he's done the un-American thing, he's attacked organized religion. You cannot do that in America. That's why you got your headline, reform leader slam Ventura. But the guy who's going to be the new leader of the before party started in January one, the new head of the party, says he's beginning email running five to what in his favor. And he thinks it's all a bunch of crap. I tap his pen to peepot or something like that. He says, pee in your retepot. But the media got to make him a just like Tim Rossert there on a goddamn meet depressed Sunday morning. There's a piece of crap for you that Tim Rossert talk about an establishment's shield and horror. And his wife's still don't know what a guy then glory hole is. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Are you doing the help? Okay, sir. I wanted to comment on the article playing the regarding Jesse Ventura, how they want to ask him from, because what he said about religion, you know, what he believed what he said or not, we let the religious nuts say the horse crap but they always talk about it. I think it's crazy. And we don't say let's ask them. Why can't he have hit him? Right. How come how come it's an un-American when you say something you don't believe in religion? It's a bunch of bullcraft. But do you go under and you're proselytizing pretty much a nonsense and fairy tales then it's okay and a bunch of hate at the same time. Yeah. It's so American feel to have so called our free speech. So what? So he doesn't believe in an organized religion. That can have that right to say that. I don't understand why people get so it stopped and they're out and that's in the opinion. We don't ask, uh, can't you can and every time you said something. This is because he said that, you know, they didn't kill enough Jews or whatever was he said we don't kick him out of their party. Yeah, I just thought just we didn't even know. It's so damn hypocritical and I had another comment you're talking about the salaries, the sports players. Yeah. Well, it's true. These guys make a lot of incredible amount of money for stuff that they should not be making this much money because what else would they be doing? And it's a shame because you know who brought this upon themselves the owners and the fans. Why? You can't blame really the fans more the owner. Well, well, the fans we've got nothing. Well, the fans that the fans that I've been along time ago. Well, yeah, the fans keep going into the games, but that's what you know, but the thing is it's really the owners because it's just like I don't really follow hockey that much, but like you said the guy from where Edmonton. Yeah. He didn't pay the black guy on that money. Right. And there's a whole bit. And the other owners a lot of them are doing the same thing too. They've stopped with the, you know, just because they realize that if they keep doing this, they're very soon. Another couple of years they'll all be out of business. Exactly. And I'll tell you what, the baseball owners screw themselves. That game is going to continue. I'm telling you right now, 10 years that game is going to be history. It's that I'm saying because these salaries are incredible. And football, if they get, if you know anything about football is just the salaries are guaranteed, which is a which is a great state and favor of the owners because of a player doesn't produce you and caught him. You don't have to pay him all that money. So I think football will always be already going to sell it. But if he's not all right, and all that, it goes back to greed, it goes back to expansion. If they cut out a half of dozen teams in, in at least half a dozen in baseball, but a half a dozen in football, hockey, basketball and baseball, then maybe it starts in some quality. But you've got all these, these minorly guys, these marginal guys that are making a million and a half and two million dollars a year, they couldn't play AAA baseball five years ago. If then you guys are going to like shape them in 38 homes, like a his salary is going to pump up because this guy can now hit 38 homes. Well, because he can hit a golf ball, right? It's just, I'm just out of it by hate baseball now. I don't even watch it. Next one. Okay, 10. I'll have a great day. It's hysterical. hysterical. Okay, the guy father. She's hysterical. Connie. Oh, how's Carlo doing? Won't you handle more? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And you're all, it's interesting. The lottery. Isn't it interesting? Well, everybody knows the lottery is the worst bet in the world. The biggest sucker bet going and when the jackpot seat, most of us don't ever buy a lottery ticket. And even when it gets big, I don't buy them anymore. I used to. I got sucked into that because it's a, it's a psychological thing. It's a bandwagon thing. Oh, the jackpot ain't 15 minutes. Now it's 60 minutes and it's 80 minutes and it's still got a Chinaman chance at hell in winning it. And that's how we're going to raise our money for education. And the meantime, the education is a piece of crap. We don't want to have casinos here. And yesterday on a frug pay guy, I think it was the Harold is the big story about the internet gambling and how it's just getting started and they're breaking his billions of dollars already and about the legal aspect. They're still kind of up in the years. So it's like all offshore and whatever else. God forbid that we had casinos here. We really had this place cranking round your, your round. Not this seasonal bull crap that the season keeps getting shorter and shorter as you people in business though. I'm talking about 12 months out of the year. This place would be hopping. It would be thriving. We'd have so much God damn money. We wouldn't know what to do with it. Oh, but we don't want to have that because they will have cry. Well, I've crooked politicians. And I'm going to say it again. The two newspapers, the money Harold and the son sent a little bit of a such a thing as an anti-Christ and the Chupa Cabra, you are it. You'd be it. You were the disgrace. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Holy Macanon, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Good. On Masterpiece Theatre, the Tourette, Syndrome Player presents Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet. What light, brilliant window break? It is the East and Juliet is the slot you pay Joe and Fred. Presentation of Romeo and Juliet. On tonight, Bob. See ya. So how's London wedding doing by the way? Oh, he's older than I great. Dammit. 114 at 560WQM. There's so many people that we just like to kind of freeze in time. You know, I'm saying never aged a day. I could make such a long list of people who like to kind of freeze like just looking away that they did it a particular time because they get then they get old and go test like what's his name for my three sons. Robbie, what's his name? Don Grady. Got him. I sure. My sharper what? No, sorry. So when they had when her brother was doing those shows before they finally decided her brother was too boring and they wanted to watch the springer. But anyway, they bring back all those goddamn daytime. Those sitcom people. Oh god. Oh. Okay. It's like the VH1 stuff. I mean, it's interesting, you know, when you see all these old rock stars and what happened to them and then you look at like Jan Berry, like I said a couple of weeks ago, Jesus, you still haven't seen that. Have you? Oh my god. He's like he looks like a combination of Igor and quasi-modo. Take the worst features from both and you got what Jan Berry looks like today. Here's a mobile and Wellington, hello. No, to much of that sidewalk surf and yes, sir. How you don't, sir? Okay. I got two things. Okay. First one's real quick. I saw Gene Decahoff last night and he's lost 47,000 and three months on the action. Really, he's great, by the way. One of the all-time great scene Decahoff. Yeah, he's down here. He was a proud last night. He's at the day, seven and all tonight. There's a long cast for you. Oh, yeah. And the second thing is that talk about the decontistical coaches. If you, if the skaters ever lose the game, one of the best things to do is watch these for you show the next day. Yeah. He blames every player. quarterback. Yeah, the guy has three touchdown passes, put the guys drop the pun. It's great to have a thing on the battle. Right. Drop the pun. Yeah. I was in another good old boy. He's another Yahoo. Yeah, but he's definitely you can test the club. Yeah. All right. Thanks. I have a great day. Okay. Well, I think that that lost Alabama. Nice going there. Gene. Yeah. Bring him back to earth a little bit. Love watching that spurrier. Just like I watched the love watching Deca. Charlie had said to ground when they blew that 10 doesn't leave with a couple of minutes ago and then it oh my god. The world in the middle of the Chicago 10 doesn't and lines up losing 14 to 10. Nice going there. And right back it is all the stopping routes there too. He was stopping on it. See, some of it's like Woody Hayes and Bear Bryant and some of these other people. They were entire lives are immersed in that one terminal, unimportant, meaningless thing that's so important to them. And it becomes psychotic over. They just become delusional. I think Jimmy is like right on the edge. Or maybe just over the edge. You think he's over the, oh yeah. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I've been listening to your show for a long time. I've got the flock buffalo shirt that you and Randy Rhodes signed years and years ago. All right. Listen, I got a comment on this Jimmy Johnson thing. Yeah, sure. That's a few years ago when a couple years ago when he foreshould out and actually setting up to be kicked out. Everybody knows that. Yeah, grand canyon of difference between class and these two people. You would never hear Don Tula stand up on the podium and say, yeah, you know, my defense stuck in the salt time all of the bodies fall. Right. No, that's an excellent point. You know, you see, you know, you don't, you don't air your dirty laundry in public. If you got a problem with one of your players, you know, it's a weak thing. It's a team thing. And just one last comment. I mean, you know, when it, when it, when it fish, things, it's things from the head that is, hey, man. Thank you, sir. And, in fact, that was the first, remember what Jimmy said the first thing he started his dolphin coach. I'm sure. I. First thing he said five six at least he was on his five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Okay. You got absolutely 100 percent right when you say the fancier suck. They do. Okay. We got the worst fans my far in the whole nation. Okay, Neil, I'm going to season take a hold of for seven years. But I'm realistic. I mean, name me a great morning back that made a so far to help them, you know, with the night one. Yeah, I was, I was shaving this morning. I was thinking to myself, since today's of Larry Zaka and Jim Kicks was wonderful or she would say, since those days, what great, I mean, you know, they had, they had, they had on to Franklin. Was he great? No, they had the Mercury Morris. Was he great? No, they had Mark Higgs. Was he great? Of course not. I mean, they've never had a great run in game all the years that he's been there. And every year it's the same story. All we got it about the running game. We're going to do this and never happens. And this year, I mean, all we've been hearing about is the hype from preseason about all my god this tremendous depth that he's got this J. J. John for a guy and he's got the Cecil Adisal and nothing happens. You're including me. My I say it is John Henry. Go back to Ethiopia. You crazy bastard. Okay. You see, you're pia. All right. All right. There's one of the great calls in history. Is there? What does that John Henry thinking about? Doesn't he get the message? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And by the way, but see, like, not a nice job, baby. Metz in Arizona. Here's here they're plugging in East, you know, the subway series. Yankees in a Metz, which could happen now. And they both went big last night and they got that game on 11 o'clock Eastern time and Arizona. Nice going, but instead of having a game yesterday, like it won at 4 and a day, which would make all the sense of the world instead of doing that. They have the games at 4 and 730 and 11 of freaking clock at night. Here's four miles, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I was re-article in time to American in September. And I thought you'd find this is interesting. It is a survey of scientists in asking to questions with an update to leave in a God you can communicate with and with an issue believe in an afterlife. And the general group of scientists 40 percent believed in the lead in a God or answered those two questions. Yes. And then they also did like a special group, like the highest, the cream of the crop of scientists in America called the National Academy of Sciences. And it was less than 10 percent answered yes, thought of the question. I do like that. There is some truth. Sounds like the surveys they take in Western Europe in country after country were like 80, 90 percent of the people in the asking to leave in God they say, no. I thought you'd appreciate that. Thank you, sir. And there's still some hope. You gave you 800 numbers, so I can crash and we're often more at very soon. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. How do you like that? Very soon. That's the room. Or anyway, we're going to be having 800 numbers. So you people over there in the West Coast, over in Fort Myers in the environments and people listening on the internet all over the world can call us. But it's a real cheap outfit. And so I had to just about basically threaten to walk out of here to get them to do anything if they don't yet know what's supposed to be they're working on it. Any day now, any moment. I would imagine right around the same time that we get those disc read done for a center one. The CDs. Do we know when that's going to happen? Five, six, seven, but normal normal tell us normal cancel or get the information for us. Then we'll be all set. You know, I think you're right. That's a great match. Normal can't end screw-in when it maybe with you get them to a low together. Huh? Maybe normal wake up one day and have a great lust in his heart for a throw the rice for some trouble making bitch. Get them to we low up. All that a match made in purgatory, normal and screw-in. Hmm. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, five. Come a sandwich. Pump five, six, six, the only AT&T line here's a mobile-in-line house point. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm glad to see that there's finally spot on the dial for the official Jimmy John some bashing. I'll tell you, you know, you got to tell. Tended to right here in his spot. He makes me want a puk. Well, I'll tell you what. If you remember years ago in Don Shul went through that lynching and uh, everybody kept calling up with the talk. So I'll let's let's go. Shul out able to spring and jimmy. You know, I kept telling. I mean, you don't know what you're getting into. You don't know what you have in Shul here. And the only thing I can say to those people is, well, you want to Jimmy now you got them. Thank you. I want to know, I want to know, it's like all those people like Joe Rose. You know, Joe Rose had a big personal food reshueled at the begin with, but it got like Joe Rose and Bob was shoes and all these people that uh, and Dan Lemittard, everybody just uh, and we're taking shots of Shul. Where are they now? Why aren't they saying anything about Jimmy? I mean, we all have to tell you. He's got to, he's got to know good pictures. Make a pictures. Yeah, well, those guys. That's why nobody dares pick on Jimmy's. That they could pictures all the jocks. Well, with go. I got, you know, you're everybody knows Jimmy's from the industry. Like it's the yesterday. So there you go. All right. Now have a great day. That corn sure is special. That's what he said. We got a shot. We got a shot then and they're they're crumbly man. They're just falling apart. How's divided? A house in chaos because they lost a game. Like what was he expecting was he expecting to go undefeated? What is this a madman? 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's some rise. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you that I cracked up right when at the fire alarm went off and you played all three of those laughing things. Oh my god. No, I just did what my pants. I know. I almost did. That was great Neil. It looked like it lost it. But I know better than that. No, I just keep rolling along man. I'm going to let paycheck in a couple of days. I had a great day, sir, and come down and put it away. Put it back. 560 5050 5060, the AT&T wireless line. He's squeezing at baby. I mean, so tight that, you know. We get through. I mean, I got news for you. Listen, if training is got, if you're endurance is lengthened by training. You follow what I'm saying? The word we're ready to go the marathon here at this radio station because we have endured every obstacle. I shouldn't say that because every day we think, well, you know, we've met him all thanks. But then we get new ones like today. Like the cable people hooking up on it and you know something? What a concept after I screamed and hollered about it. Our program director in between crying, Jags, when I said to them, well, how about coming back someday and after like what Hank is out doing to show it's cool is like today or are all these other places he's doing? And we got all those hours and they have to know and we don't have to worry about noise and oh, what a concept. It's called having a brain. It's called planning a little bit. It's called having consideration. We're not asking to get on on your hands and knees in a building and kiss my ass or Georgia smelly rectum or anybody else. But all we're asking is have a little consideration. There's a goddamn highway that's important to freaking stupid goddamn radio show going on here between 10 and 2. That's all. And then we get the phone thing in here because Bell South is usual. There's no other ask from there. And then we get the guy damn fire alarm going on. All of us before noon. Well, before noon. Not to mention that when it comes to those CDs that we're trying to get repressed the answer is we're still trying to pin that whole thing down and get that straightened out so we can wipe the egg off our posts. The Greg Reed keeps putting on it and that's the one thing about the people in this joint no matter how good of a job you try to do the matter professionally try to do it. You always can be sure the Greg Reed will put egg on your posts because embarrassment is our middle name. Just like that day that Sam the sham had that ad with last year during dolphin season. Remember that dolphin program got my name mentioned there. Spell the raw with a D. Exactly but it was in there didn't make any sense but it was in there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Mobile in Miami. Yeah sir. Hey, I'm not a mobile but it's okay. Here's a stationary in Miami. What's up man? I don't listen. I report the break. I was listening to you talking about how gambling would bring crime to Miami and all that stuff. That's what they're all. I just came back from Vegas. I walked around that city at around 4.30. No problem. Six o'clock in the morning never felt safer in my life. I can't believe that we can get gambling passed in a city like Miami. Isn't this pathetic? Yeah and anyway I'm a huge fan of yours and I listen rarely every day and I'm going to have sure damn next year and I'd want to know if I would expect kind of the same thing I expected in Vegas. I want to Vegas after listening to you talk really good about it. Not as much gambling a lot more weed and a lot more sex. That's the important thing. Can you walk around the street? 24 hours a day man. No problems at all. All right man keep the keep up the good work God. Thanks a lot. Hey guys, who's smart. He's going to Vegas. Going to Amsterdam. He's going to real places. We're living and breathing people are Hallelujah. Not here. Not this backwater pump that we live in. This septic tank. You can almost smell it. Oh god that was a good one. I'm telling you last several days with things have been around here. I got to check my Undies every day when I walk out to my car. 27 and I noticed the old farce in that condo building. I'm looking out the window to 27 after one at 5.60 WCOM. Can't beat that data me. Some of the most popular shows on TV today are Springer Montel, Sally Jessage and Lisa. Have you ever wondered how they get their death? They subscribe to White Trash Directory. If you are White Trash and you are not in the directory, you could be missing out on an opportunity to expose your dirty laundry on TV and become an instant star. You may be saying to yourself, hey I'm not White Trash, but I'm just as low class as the trans and Swiss IC on TV. Not to worry. The White Trash Directory divided into two sections. White Trash and Ethnic Low Life. Each section is subdivided into over a hundred discussing and perverted categories. So call today and get yourself listened for only 1995. And we'll be seeing you on TV. How about operating for our support ball games? 132 at 5.60 WCOM. Here's a fact from Tim who says. In fact he signs that thank Neil God I don't have kids, Tim. His girlfriend works at Margate Elementary as a teacher's aide and she's been there for 15 years only makes about 11,000 $500 a year. She's responsible for getting the kids out and off the bus without getting one over and aiding at least 10 teachers during the course of the day. Anyway last night she was in and there's a line here. Sorry Tim but his aligned didn't come out on the fact. But if there's something about they had just purchased a new portable for the school for $20,000. This is Margate Elementary. They put the thing way on the other side of the baseball field. So the kids can walk in the rain to get there and you have to lift up the front door to get in. There are holes in the floor. It stinks. It stinks and it has a heater inside of an AC unit. Money well spent and the good news is that can jam 35 kids. Oh. So I'm thank Neil God I don't have kids. And this is the kind of education that you people here in a state of Florida. This is what the way you want to treat your kids. This is your idea of sending your kids off to school to be treated well to be learned in a great environment and then you wonder, do you how come all this crash go on? I'm going to tell you something seriously. Anybody who would consider including Tim Smith and Fort Lauderdale. Anybody who would consider chilling for John Henry or any other guy that I mean take a look at the American Airlines arena. The mayor, Mr. Mr. Pena, see what that will over on yet. Real good and they'd count to you suckers. He stuck it to you. He stuck his foot in his neck right up your neck. Stuffed it to you. They're going to be losing money hand over limp wrist in that place. They're not going to come close to fill them up that joint. You talk about desperate. I thought it was bad when Pat Riley was breaking down and doing a duff on those TV ads and crying on TV. But now they got to buy a full page ad in the newspaper and they're offered those lead tickets for eight nine bucks a game because they're desperate to fill up those seats in their expenses in New Arena that you're going to be subsidizing from now until the day that they tear it down. Just like that empty Miami arena, that isn't going to bring in any more revenue ever again and Tim Smith's got the nerve to say to me yesterday. Oh yeah, well it's guaranteed. It's going to bring $300 million in revenue. Let me say it again. These venues, if they're called generate little or no revenue. For the owners they do and whoever else has got their finger in the pie. But for the community, the answer is no. Now let me tell you this. I'm still trying to find out who's got that property in the middle of that slum there and for a lot of do. I'm still trying to find out who that is. Think I got a pretty good idea. Not that there's any conflict of interest you understand. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. I am. Well if you're going to say that everybody's talking about this Kessie Ventura thing. Yeah. What I'm trying to figure out is why is he knocking religion when in fact it can still some traditional values and morals. In the interview, there were asking them about the religious right. It was taken out of context first of all. But there were asking them about the religious right and that was his response. When he started knocking the pizza like it makes it weak people belong to a restaurant. That's correct. That's correct. I'm not a big religious fanatic. I grew up in a Catholic religion that I've been brainwashed. And well no. Let me ask you a question. Seriously. I mean you're int head of the Holy Buddha everyone. But the whole thing with a Catholic church with a silly old man with the big schmatha on his head. You know, he got all these robes on. He's wearing a dress, you know. And all these bag priests pretending to be something that they're not and giving marriage advice. You know, here are a bunch of bags wearing dresses. And they're giving advice. Sexual advice to couples. I mean does that make any sense to you? But it's not that's not the entire. I'm not here to to promote Catholicism. I understand that. But I'm just saying that. I'm not having a family with friends. I'm still. I got instilled a lot of moral discipline. I took from my religious background growing up going to church every Sunday, going to Catholic school the whole deal. I, you know, I feel I'm a decent person. I'd like to share that. Yes. So what we have are the ones wrong with DNA. What's wrong with a philosophy and says, yeah, parents teach their kids. You don't do any harm. What's wrong with? Why do you need religion? Well, you know, it's not working. My life's a teacher and the parents want to teach the teach that. What you have to come from the parents in the beginning and what I, you know, I'm in law enforcement and today's youth society is really going into toilet. I mean, it really is really bad. Why is the teacher? I see it on the streets and it really kids need some form of guidance. And you know, obviously, let me ask you this. Bring the family you know, out there in Littleton, Colorado and in Arkansas. All these other, I know these kids killing kids. We've had a whole epidemic of these last couple of years. Right. Each and every one of those cases, these were an atheist. These were kids that were brought up in very religious families. In fact, the one, a couple of the kids there in Arkansas and Jones were the first thing that they wanted to talk to was their minister. Right. So they all been brought up in Ramon. What is religion have to do? Is either your talk right from wrong or you're not. You don't need religion to do that? I think you need religion, but religion is something that a family does together. And like a lot of parents nowadays, they had these kids and they can't wait to be good 18 to kick them out. I was allowed to go with that home to. Let me give you my two-word answer, sir. Forced sterilization. Okay, that's the greatest answer in the history of mankind. Forced sterilization. Because you know what they are, they're an old cliche, but it's very true. The rich get richer in the poor make babies. And God, this country had the whole world. That is so God damn true. You can thank the Pope by the way for a lot of that. And now that they're forget they're forgiving the deaths for all these poverty-stricken countries, they're going to be making babies like crazy. I mean like sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, sports, going to be a screw-in-up a storm. See, overpopulation is a very, very dangerous thing. Too many babies, too many unwanted babies, too many crazy people just 150 million people become 270 million people like that almost overnight. And that's why we don't have enough schools. We don't have enough teachers. We don't have enough law enforcement people. We don't have enough in addition to which the people that we do have a law enforcement since his guy says that he's in it. They're busy arresting people like to go to court early for a pinch of someone's car. A roach. A roach. I think we all better head for the roach motel. And then they can have a big bus. Sure, of Ken. Fashes Ken and a stormtrooper in the BS. They're in Broward. In part into the Roach motel, we can have a big major bus. We'll call in Channel 7. Well, I've written a word about the top of the motel. Going. Like that. Too many people, too many unwanted babies, too many people making babies, without giving any thought to it. Too many babies with no daddy, with no mommy, with no, with no, body. I ain't got no body. That would be the American theme song. I ain't got no body. Yeah, right. Isn't that what the soul is always crying about up there in heaven? I ain't got no body. Yeah. I mean, the soul is like, he's I know I'm here, but I can't see nothing. I can't hear. I got no brainer. I ain't got no body. Can't have a good time. All those people down in hell, they're burning, but they can't feel it. What if it doesn't make? They're got no body. Stop and think about that for a second. Are you going to burn it? Hell, but you got no brain. You got no body. You can't feel it. So let's go out and have a good time. Oh, Jacob. New Rogers God. George E. Bush said that his nose is clean and never put up there. Cante's running for the White House. So he just can't admit it. Stone drunken that but all even down the beautiful people. Oh, Colonel Kenny drugs with you. He didn't drop some massive news. Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it? He prepared the press with shut their mouth. But it's not here. God damn it. He did more than watch you think. But he watched it tell the same. He prepared cocaine to have. That's the question that he does. And he made his point much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. He wants a tube in ease. That he didn't do anything. George E. Bush said that his nose is clean and never put up there. Cante's running for the White House. So he just can't admit it. George E. George E. Bush said he's clean. George E. Bush said he's clean. Oh, wait a minute. 145 at 5.50. W2M, I got thankful for a show from Schuola State 2. Kona Pintua, clockless afternoon. It'll be real interesting to see we get, I'm sure we'll get the Jimmy in the Danny thing back again with the audience. Throwing darts back at each other. Oh, he's saying he's out. Yeah, right. Whatever you say, guys. What have you done for a slate? We like a couple of days ago. Here's for a lot of day. Oh, hello. Hey, guys. Yes, sir. You're talking about the day to download a button that's thrown out. I think we should have picked a button grant from the bacon. Good general. Now you're talking. No, let's bring back a button grant and George Blanda if we like what a quarterback. Thank you. He was pretty mobile. Wasn't he? No. No. These scrambled George Blanda was only 80 years old. No. Still, I did okay. Maybe we could watch Jim Plunkett. 560, 50560 or just Jacob. Just bring Jacob in here. Okay. Just shut off the lights in the microphone. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Well, I heard you talking about the dolphins. I know you normally don't like to talk about sports, but I figure I call in and take it. This is more, this is more than just sports my friend. This is about a community that doesn't know their answer to me. It's elbow. And Neil is nothing like coming into talk radio on a day following a dolphins love. Right. Oh, these people are psychotic. It's truly the team is hysterical. The community is hysterical. I mean, maybe I'm wrong, but didn't they just lose one game on the night? Right. It's only the first love of the season. Right. One game. Neil, I still have the recordings of shooters last game. Do you remember that when Buffalo ran up and down on the dolphins for about 300 yards? Yes, sir. Do you remember how fanatical this time was following that last? Right. Well, I still have those tapes and I'll take a listen to them every so often. I mean, it was truly a beautiful thing to do. Okay, pal. All right. Take a squeeze of two tight. Okay. Yeah, that's how I feel. I'm ecstatic that they want to. I mean, what's all the why? Here. I like to pay to you. It's a nice thing too, by the way. They're one of the worst four no teams in the history of the game. They played one of them. I mean, you know, if you got to see this is another thing it kills me. Most of the people that call this radio stations. In fact, most of the people that work on this radio station they don't have those satellite dish. So how are they making all these brilliant comments about all the other games that they don't see? I don't understand it. Every single Sunday, I see almost at least parts of almost every game. I saw the bears come back and went out of game in the last few seconds against the New Orleans. I saw the almost the entire New England that prosthetic performance against the American Legion Brown team and Cleveland. You know, I see all of this stuff. And these people are not my, they all got a bigger opinion. They haven't even seen what they're talking about. That's the favorite thing in South Florida. Everybody's got a big mouth. Everybody's got an opinion. They know what they're talking about. It's a fucking, fucking, fucking, right? Like you're a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit. Right. Who says you must be responsible for all that stuff being pilot, I didn't say that. I just thought it was sort of more cool on the fire. Since we need more angst. Here's the waterdale by the sea. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been in the gaming business for 30 years. Be tired. I sit and listen to you every day. Well, thank God for me, right? And you're interested at the big right here. Okay. Okay. Number one, I hope you have a platform paper, so you're going to get this. I'm on a ballpoint pen. Okay. No problem. I've got N paper. Your station I admired for taking off commercials for offshore settings, which they did. Well, when they did it, because because the state made us to you don't think we would do that voluntarily, will you? All right. Let me ask you a question. Here's your German man. Well, don't admire us too much, please. So don't lose your perspective on life. But I hear you advertise in a seminal. Yeah. And let me ask you a question. Yeah. Let's get a down a basic thing. Uh-huh. Are you going to knock one of my sponsors now, sir? I have to. No, no, you don't have to, because you're not going to do it. I love the seminal Indians. We love them and they love us. And that's the way it is. We don't knock the sponsors. Okay. And let me say it again. The only reason that the offshore gambling spots vanish from the station is because the state said, ah, I can't run those. It's illegal. Oh, gee. Yeah, it's illegal. We only had six of them. Yeah, right. Let me say it again. When I came to this rate, not that I want to pat myself on the back. When I came to this radio station, 90% 95% of the commercials were for paramutuals, including some that are going to be going out of business very soon. Paramutuals, I don't want to mention eight names, uh, limp penises and gambling, uh, ships and offshore gambling. That's it. That's it. Right there. That's it. That's all there was. Two years ago, I will never ever forget coming to this and doing that first week worth of shows. And wondering, I mean, where is the real spots? Where the spots were like, you know, card dealers and the real businesses and the clothing stores and retail outlets and like, you know, stuff like real legitimate, where are they? That's what it was all about. So if you, I mean, this is a station that still runs one show spot. So you think we're going to take spots off for offshore gambling because we're ethical, but you're really going to have to write your material, man. You're hysterical.