Yeah, I'm gonna be like that. Peter. Yeah, where the? Peter. I'm all right darling. How you? How that many fire. I got that many fire. Why'd you get fired? You're hit the critical. Oh, I feel man. Fuck me. Why does many crank called the station? What is his problem? It's Friday. You best be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And if a load has, you've got used buttons. I'd gonna do it a clip with the sun. There are parts of you that will never stand. Nothing's close under your shine can't you? And if a load has been started, it's so way for you to go again. We can't believe that you're a bunch of white men. Let it go. That's the way. Can I do it five, 50, WQ and by the way, remember that record? Will he in the hand drive by Johnny Otis? Monday, Book of Brian's got a great purity. That's called Fat Boy in the hand drive. But at any rate, what? It's going to be great. So speaking of that, low and behold since I'm always about 50 yards ahead of the rest of the pack, open up my hair this morning. I'm flipping through it on a paper two and Susan Miller, Degnan kind of a name is Ann. She's got an article in here called Student Body and it's right there on a sports page. All you people that were Jones in the seedjet pop of it's naked are pretty close to it. Don't have to go to Abercrombie and Fitching get the catalog today because on page 10 in the sport. What? 10 in the sports section. There it is. There's the cover of the Abercrombie and Fitch. Some are dreams catalog. You know, you're a Tia. It'll make a lot of people in the audience dream when they see that and they won't all be women, but nevertheless. And here's a big piece on the pop of it is. And not only is university of Miami safety Jeff Popovich, a hell of a guy, a whale of a guy, but he's got a 3.6 GPA in biomedical engineering. He's a genius. He's smart. He's hot and he's smart. How do you like that? He holds for kicks and extra points plays on the punk block and kickoff coverage units. You also through a 15 yard touchdown pass the tight end bubble Franks off a fake field goal against Pittsburgh in 97 ran back a fumble for a touchdown during his freshman season and returned to fake field goal for a touchdown last season. And if anybody thinks that they're going to want to mess with this guy because he's a male model and he's almost naked on the Abercrombie and Fitch catalog. Yes, what? He was the 97 UM strike athlete of the year, meaning he will kick the live and snob out of you. Is what it means. That's so quite nardicular about him and his brother Doug who turns out to be four years older. Well, they still could be identical twins. Good night. Don't you think? No, no, well. And even it says, I've been mercer a UM tight end. What is this thing about tight ends, you know? Transfer from Orange Coast, Union College and Coast of Mason, California is in the same catalog, which I don't have with me by the way. I'll have to bring it in Monday and take a peek. And I'll have to say the 6,7234 Palm Blue-wide blonde Mercer who can be found on page 50 with a female draped over his back had no idea pop of it. Which you'll see separately for the modeling shoot on Alamurada last February, the modeling shoot scored scored a were shooting it. And the pictures too. Which leads me to wonder, you know, unlike the wrestling profession, which I think we pretty much got that down to a science now. But whole wrestling thing, you know, high school college professional 99% targets, you know. But I think that's the thing with male models. I mean, I'm not saying I don't know. I have no idea whether known as Jeff Popovich and his brother Doug and Ivan Mercer any of these guys. We don't know nor is it really anybody's business, but nevertheless, one can only assume that someone as manly as Jeff Popovich would have to be strikingly viral. Wouldn't you assume that? No, you sure you would come on. So maybe we have people who have been in the modeling like male models, who are head of a sexual, maybe you'll hear from some today. You think so? Oh yeah. Come on. They can't all be metaconies, can they? I mean, we already ran down a couple weeks ago about 4,000 other occupations where there are no straight people in it. There's got to be some straight people out there somewhere. Think about the umpires by the way. Finally, after all these years, what is it about? How many years finally Dan LeBastard wrote something that makes sense? I thought, Danny Boy, can't wait to hear you on 19 number on the dial too. Dan LeBastard says we bottled the umpires wideway to quit and he goes on a great line to say, and he's right. Absolutely correct. Once you're arrogant, out of shape, fat, disgusting pigs. Led by that asshole, Richie Phillips, the major league umpires are some of the, probably the worst officials any sport in the world. With a cocky, hysterical attitude, taking no crap from anybody else, but they can dish out all they want. It wouldn't surprise me if you could read lips what was really said to that fact to that Roberto Alamar couple years ago, well that's fitting it to it and probably inside it and to do it and you probably would have spat in his face too. So who now needs these guys? And I heard that little dog this morning talking about the fact that he could go in and do just as well. And I agree. And I have no idea whether he's got any experience doing or not, but I guarantee you could do just as well. Because you watch a ball game and, oh geez, you watch the strike zones of these umpires. You watch these plays that aren't even remotely close at a base. And calls that are just I mean, how difficult is it? Call and evolve and strike that requires a lot of attention to the course of a game, but working at bases or the file lines, how difficult is that? They still can't get it right. A very high unacceptable percentage of the time. Errug in an obnoxious and a detriment to an already desperate sport to a dying sport. So maybe we want to get a call or two about that before the day. So we're speaking of desperate. Roy! Saw your buddy on TV the other night by the way. He was going by the beat. Like that. And his finger is still cut. He said he's innocent. There's a majority of those peers. A peer appears to his jurors. You better quit while you were a headmaster. And by the way, you ain't no jet pop of it. I'll tell you that. Joe Roy was told me he saw you naked in the showers many times and you ain't no jet pop of it. That's what he said. Forget about O.J. once in your life, get some different material. He's old meat. Okay? He's stale old meat. Get something to what he's saying. Like that to instrument. And by the way, we owe you all us. Boy, he wore that thing down to a franzal at the big black building that we had here a couple weeks ago. There was our good buddy. Bro, I'm curious. Oh, and by the way, there's something in this article. I found for you using it says, pop of the chest. No problem spinding friends. I bet he doesn't. If you looked like that, you wouldn't have trouble finding franzed. Including probably some you don't want. And it says, you m coach, which Davis has constantly showered. Praise on pop of it. Well, no, it just, I thought it was going to say, showered with him. Even on days where there ain't no game, you know, which I find very unusual. For real red and the guy like Boots Davis. Which I think so. Very suspect. Here's a model in Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. These are fires. I want to know what other occupations when you resign. You get a $15 million sever. That's not severed. Does it get fired? Yeah. They're going to be paying them. I feel like $400,000 for the, the money. They're going to be paying them. I feel like $400,000 for the, the most experienced each. They got one hell of a deal, man. I'd say. They're making 75 to 225 grand a year. A very sizable number that are fat and out of shape and disgusting. They're a bunch of pigs. And they're always winding and complaining. And they're doing a half-assed job to top it all off. And they're actually under the impression that when they form this, whatever new corporation is going to be this big. I'm not going to say play hard, but all these guys. And then live up to their Warden letting them all walk away into, just say, goodbye. We'll hire newumpires, I hope they do. They won't hire us fired. They're probably gonna get? I'll do it. Out of this. All right. And especially as good as these guys are doing, it's not that tough. Don't do that. Thanks. Have a great day pal. today because that whole thing with male models it's always been known as a a pursuit you know and that's why a lot of good looking guys by the way are terrified to go into that because they assume that everybody will think that they're because they're doing it. By the way it's kind of amusing in this article about the pop of its boys it'll talk about the parents attitudes and the grandparents that can be sterling a pump and a beach are boasting a lot these days but grandma did send a parent say a note saying that she and her husband would approve more had the boys pulled up their swimfronts a little. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah I don't think they pulled them down grandma. I think that was the idea. How are you? telling you how to flee. I could you. If you didn't say it like that you really started. I started. I started. I was just so young. The floor was so down strong enough. To not just cause it off a swagale. My last point will be hell. If you knew that that's just going on. Do you make it get your strong enough. Even the older repairs on strong enough. To clear your things and all. You'll look paid on the wall. It's been about six years. We're in the right place in our facts paper. I'm interested in any of this. Just amazing to be the number of people we have out there that keep. I do mean absolutely unadulterated crap. And what you have no interest positively whatsoever. But nevertheless. Here's a mobile and dear feel. I'm going to be a great. I'm going to be a great. I agree with the article. This red baseball on pires need to go to this quit. You know, get out of our lives. This whole problem is revolving back to. The heading out of commission or just pump and sunshine has no clue. And he just needs to go. This isn't his fault. This is gone. I'm long before. But it was commissioner of baseball. This arrogant obnoxious attitude's gone for many, many, many years. And you know, richy Phillips and this unparers union of the strongest and most obnoxious. I mean, I just don't understand where they were. They come off yet in this kind of power because most of them are, as I said, out of shape. And even ones that are in shape, most of them are incompetent anywhere. They do a half as job. Yeah. I agree with you there. But it's, you know, I mean, that's, you know, the salaries are out of control. I mean, not just the unparers, but baseball on general, just headed down into the road and just looked what happened to, you know, the construction of his new ballpark today, collapsed. And that's basically where all said it. And now, maybe you were symbolic. Maybe there's an omen there. But on sign off, I like to call the whole Bush family, a bunch of two specs. And alcohol, steam for president. All right. Good day. Okay. Anyone have to suck around to be on anybody's or radio or TV show anymore. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. A couple of things before I start with my comments. George did a very good job while you were on vacation. Yes. I hope you had a very good time. Yes, I did. No. What was that overhand by all? What was your shame, but silly wasn't under that crane with us in came down, right? And. And crash, crash, crash, and over. And. Oh, maybe. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Tamarack, assuming you said there are a couple of things that I'm waiting for the A great email to you. And is it ever come? No. No. Just isn't there. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Did you watch Tom Green last night? Yeah, Tom Green. Not one of the all-time great episodes, but it had its moments. Yes, it did. Did you. Did you do the thing where he took all the kids home? Yeah, I know that's what I want you to push these those kids were by the way. No, I know. Oh, yeah, you're going to make up my mom and dad. And I'm going to take some real crap at OG this three in a morning. And that was, yeah, they think it's real funny to come to them. Right. That's the one guy his parents were cool about it though. The ones that were in bed. Right. And like you guys take the shower and they hit his clothes and then he had to take the shower and wrap it around his ass. Have you been like, keep it up with the real world at all? I don't like that. I'm not into it. Yeah, it is lackluster. But did you see the Tom Green show? Yeah, I thought it was because you were in Amsterdam. But when Tom Green and his sidekick guy were French kissing. Yeah. Did you see that one? Oh, yeah. It's so funny. I just hope you can keep it up. The more he was going in the beginning of the show last night on his, on his, whoever his grandfather's electric cart and he was going through the supermarket and knocking all the crap down. Incredible. Every one of his bits just about every one of them ends up either with the people screaming and yelling, get out of here before we call a cops. Or after they call the cops and they got, and then he got that. How about the security bridge that the started beating on him? Oh, that's the way. The black security bridge has started beating the crap out of him. The amusement park that was great. I still love the one where he's riding the cow into the produce market. Yeah, because his cows hungry. Yeah, oh, that's beautiful. It really is. And that's like I said, that second guy that starts doing the cows out or looks like he had a lot of practice. I'll tell you, I, there's not a show on TV that I just sit around and laugh out loud. Yeah. I mean, it is, it wants to talk about time green. You just look at him and you stare laugh at him. You really, I say a facial thing. It's the second best show next to yours, Neil. Game God bless you. All right, take care. See you. Okay, one call on the board's going to be another one of those days. Today's today. I'm feeling pretty damn good. I'm feeling good enough to get up and get out of here. I got things to do. You know, I get important stuff to do because my TV went on a Fritz a couple of days ago. My big Sony SPR TV. And I went over to, and they know me very well. I always take good care of me at, at, place. But at any rate, the God sucked into buying a hatachi, which they delivered this morning. And although I haven't had an opportunity to really sit down and really set it up properly and examine it, I think I'm going to be really depressed. I'll look at the Sony XBR was still under warranty and they'll be fixing it one day next week. But nevertheless, see a lot of people are saying, well, why didn't you just have him come and repair it? That's why didn't I do that? Yeah, I have altered it TV's in the house. I got to slept out there in a living room and just watched for a couple of days and roughed it until they fixed the Sony XBR. But at first I'd touch the TV, had touch the hatachi, had touch the hatachi, whatever. I thought they made like little grills, little portable grills. I think they ought to stick to that. I think I'm going to be real bitterly disappointed with this set. But nevertheless, they take real good care of me at, but it's just that, you know, this ain't no Sony XBR, which they don't carry anymore at the, Mark, oh, I shouldn't say that. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good deal. Yes sir. The heterosexual X model. What do you want to know? Well, I mean, just, what do you mean, what do I want to know? I don't know what they're asking for calling. I don't know if there are heterosexual X models. And you're saying yes. I was it. Were you the only one? I was in your studio, but long time ago, I got left the head shut. Oh, look, the headshot. Scored skirt. Yeah. Over there. Yeah, we've had a hell of a time getting a stain off the wall. Yeah. Yeah. Most of them are, you know, it's, you know, what they, I got out of the business because I was on the The, you know, I think that was has to do with heterosexual. You know, you get jobs based on who you know and who you brought. I went to a right direction. I think that's about, you know, I did a couple local cable commercials and I did a little bit of print work. But most of them were, uh, most of them were flamish. And, you know, I was, I was pretty sure about time we broke that mold. Don't you have any of them? Big Montreal guy like Jason Taylor, the dolphins can come out like you did a couple of days ago with a calendar. Yeah. If he can do it. And if a guy like Jeff Popovich who is the strength, uh, Anthony to the year, you end two years ago, if he can do it. Well, they were out there. They're just few and five between. Got too many insecure guys that are created that everybody's going to point in them and go like, you know, he's a, I was comfortable with, you know, with my sexuality. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. I didn't care because, you know, it, it, it's just like a girl. If you're hitting on a girl and she doesn't want you to bother. So you know, hey, you know, no, no, no, no. Yeah, no. I think that's a good thing. Right. So if you guys sit on here to say, you know, I put myself in the female position. Hey, thanks. But no thanks. Of course, that's another thing I wonder a lot of, see, when you're dealing with calendars. Now, when you deal with calendars with young women on it, you know that, well, I don't know. Maybe there are a lot of lesbians looking at those, too. But a lot of, you think, for some reason, a lot of the gay males think they can get you the cross over, you know, play for the other team. But, uh, no, no, I'm not talking about that. I think that there are a lot of straight guys that are concerned about posing like naked or close to it because they're afraid that most of the people are going to be looking at that are going to be gay males as opposed to women. Well, I don't know how many women are out there buying up calendars with Jeff Popovic and Jason Taylor. And see, boys of look how many straight males are posing, play girl and with their biggest circulation gay men. Right. But straight men go in there. They don't care. Right. They go in there. They pose. They tread where others fear to do. Well, if I stay busy and got a lot of work out of it, I'd still be in it. But, uh, it was just, uh, it was all right. It got, you know, and it was, you know, I was a, I was a bad magnet. So I, and, you know, sometimes I played the film because they just hover around gay guys because it was the thing to do. I used to play the part. The Austin Powers part. Yeah. That was good. Okay. All right. Y'all put me up. Okay. There you go. There's one guy that's got a couple of cohons, or at least maybe one. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. So, you know, you know, I've got this. Okay, sir. Yeah. I got a small dish of my house. You sold me on that about a couple years ago. It's the best thing that the pictures, just like almost being right there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're Raven about this HD TV, which, you know, you can go out and spend six or ten grand for what those sets. But what's the point? Because there's no programming available anyway, and I have never seen, I've never seen the HD TV picture. But I'm hard pressed to see how you can get a much clearer picture than you get on the small fish. Yeah, I've got the, I've got a Sony, like you, and it's got this S, S video jack back. When I use that with the digital or with the satellite dish, it's clear. It's even clearer. Right. And, uh, what, uh, I heard you yesterday, a guy called in about, uh, getting one of those cards. Do you live in Cardia? Yeah. Yeah. I got one of those about six months ago after about a year and a half. And it's been working great. I've been watching everything. I got all the movie shows that they're acting all of it. Great. I came here a word you're saying. Oh, I'm sorry. No, that's okay. Hey, you have a great day, buddy. Back to you. All right. Thank you. Did you hear anything? You just said, no, I didn't hear it. No. What? Hey, listen, more power to him. Okay. Like I've told you a big in times if they gave you the stuff that you wanted. Most of us are honest enough, we would pay for it. Uh, some of you, you would rip it off anyway. But, uh, you know, they wanted your at your round. And so they invite people to go ahead and get illegal chips and stand under and do all kinds of stuff to see what they want to see. Idiots. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. And have a great day. Let's try Hollywood on five. Hello. You know? Yes, sir. Hey, how are you? Okay. Okay. Uh, this is from Hollywood. The thing about the empire is it's so ridiculous when you see that players can be suspended for, you know, whatever they do to the empires if they push them or abuse them in some way. But, but in reverse, it doesn't work the opposite way. You can't, you know, the raising this thing that you can't, uh, Yeah, Tom Halley and guts has spent the three games for bumping Jeff Reed. And then, you know, Roberto Alamar got suspended for five games. And the empires got all been out of shape about that. And Pete Rose once got a month for bumping an empire. And it just goes on and on and on. They can dash out all the crap that they want. And they can abuse these players and throw guys out for just, you know, saying a word. And, and at the meantime, you can't even look at these guys. And, you know, I think a few years ago former Marlon player Dennis could just got thrown down to the ground. And the young, he was suspended in the empire's union intervened and, and prevented the empire from, from getting any suspension. I mean, these guys, you know, or, I mean, they're not, they're not God. I mean, they're stuck. They do, I mean, if you, you remember what happened earlier in the season with, with the Marlon's cliff floored in the home run, and the empire looked at the, the, the, The arts and reggae, and they, and they said, well, you know, we want to have, we want to have mistakes in the game. Yeah. I mean, what, what is that thing you make it, they just make it up to sing a lot. You can't use it in replay. And then, of course, so when it was a peel, they said, well, you know, we should never do that again. But that was the end of it. It just, it makes it renders it all meaningless. It's meaningless enough as it is now with all the expansion and all these ridiculous teams. I mean, here right at the All Star Break, 95% of the teams are already out of contention. They're just playing out the, the string, and they still expect people to pay money to come and see them play meaningless games. But when, when you have calls that are ridiculous like that, it makes the whole thing a mockery. Uh, it, it, it, it, it's, it's, it's going from the ridiculous to the sublime. You know, what can you say? And have a great day. You too. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wild, sign 200 open lines on there. It's going to be a long, brutal, tedious, terminal pond risk Friday. They don't mistake about that. You can kiss my rear end. Listen to me, it's just stand behind steam for soficking and it's stand where everything is out that a high soficking standard. The selection isn't just huge, it's soficking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And soficking surprises aren't just low. Yes, soficking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful store, I mean soficking beautiful. I say to strap it helpful. I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me. Get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge. I start that soficking turdies and Christy said, I soficking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Dig it from satisfied, custom a French and Stein. Soficking good. You said a French is soficking good. You know, Jever going to one of those stores where they have all the stuff set up. All the TV set up. And they all have the same picture on them. And they're all hooked up to like a laser disc. And in other words, something that is clear used to be in the old days you go into a store. And they'd all be hooked up to the cable. And you could actually see what the cable picture looked like on there. But when TV sets are hooked up to like a laser disc. And the picture that is just absolutely crystal clear. They all look spectacular. And they delivered a thing to your house. And I've never had this happen before. And I don't want to prejudge because I got to get home this afternoon. In fact, I'm probably should be right now. I'm going to go home and spend several hours. Based on what I'm seeing on this phone. No seriously. I should be more productive because I'm really good with that electronic stuff. They probably have a hooked up wrong anyway. They got my big dishes screwed up with the small dish. And the audio coming through one thing. They got to something screwed up. But then again, what kind of people set up and deliver the stuff to your house. In fact, they were still wet from getting off the Iran. They were still alive. They were still alive. They were still alive. They were still alive. And they were still alive. But I've seen the Caribbean. But nevertheless, and I have a feeling that's going to turn out to be a real, real piece of crap. But I could be wrong about that. Here's a mobile in North Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. What's the deal with these umpires? I mean, I think given it a little too early. I've been noticed for the last month off. I guess they feel out there so self-important that everybody would go into a frenzy panic and get on their hands and ease and give them whatever the hell they want. I don't know They're early, but this is not give us ample time to replace them. I mean, I'm sorry. Absolutely. Let's do it. And like LeBastard says today, why wait to quit? You can do it right now. Give it a give them about a week and get lost. Oh my god, we can replace them as a heartbeat with all these old parts they got over there. It's unbelievable. We can go to sunrise and Tamarack and get a bunch of old parts. Yeah, well, probably in better shape than most of them are. My kids and T-ball can do the the I'm hiring from this. I got a house on my Sherry doing by the way. Well, I'm sorry. Oops. Have a great day, pal. And Eric Greg. Oh, well, he's got a little eating disorder. Yeah, he weighs 600 pounds. And then they got all excited when he got that to about 450. And then all of a sudden he was up to 700 pounds. I just don't get it, but then nobody cares anyway. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm going to go home and work on the TV. I really am. This is this is pointless. Here's our last call, Mobile and Tamarack. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a couple of cup of fires. May I go ahead. What do you want to do? Here's about this. Okay. Well, anyway. Go ahead. Go along with me on this. I believe that they've never been around for a long time. If I was making mistakes, they will. It's a human game. I think if we change it in a room in the game, something that's that's been set. Number one, people don't these are a lot of like authority. These wall players don't want to submit to authority. They're not fires and pump on them. And you know, they're a thought and how about the other way back? How about what the Empire has abused the players aren't the players human beings? Right. I think it right. They make mistakes. They're my first comment was it makes a big, but they aren't authority figure and everybody's ripped. Well, what does that mean authority figure? They're doing a way. Sir, they're there to do a job. They're there to call balls and strikes and outs and safe. That's what they're there to do is make decisions. They're not there to be dictators. Let me finish. The authority figure there. And how long are you doing a authority figure? Well, why does makes it seem like they're doing the they're running? They're the ones that are controlled. They're the judge of that game. They're the judge of duty. People aren't doing anything. There's a judge of the state shit. They're the judgements. They're trying to get every one. He won't have a conversation. Do you just want to stream and stuff? Oh, not your ass, okay. Blow it out your ass. In fact, this guy, he sounds no wonder he likes the empires. He sounds like one of them. Scream and yell and holler are carry on because I'm sitting here very calmly trying to have a conversation with you. But you can't disagree with an asshole like you because you got all the answers and he probably got the empires of relative. I like that guy I heard call a morning show this morning. Empires, NC AA and the response to that, I think with D.P.O. said he's absolutely correct. Boy, ever seen the strikes on the they got in college baseball to joke. I broadcast college baseball for six years, including five minutes to the college world series. It's a farce. It's a joke. You could bring in the teenagers, kids off the kids who just were baseball fan to do a better job of empowering them most of those guys. Oh, they're the dictators. They're the authority figure. They're there. Okay, big deal. So does that mean there's stuff doesn't stink that they can dish out all the crap that they want? And continue doing a crap job they're walking and water around and then the kind of shape that so many of them are. I love to see any hockey referees try to do their job and the shape that most of those baseball empires are. By the middle of the first period, they all be having coronaries that have to, they'd have to card them off the ice. Here's Miami Lake, Silla. Hey, good morning, your house. Yes, you're okay. Good morning, your dog is pressing this. Yeah. I wanna, I'm a former male model, but I want to comment on something else before I talk about this. Yeah. You don't have a long time, Neil. I just, I will listen to you talking about rap and hear a part and I had a real big agreement with what you were saying about it. But I got to tell you, I've just turned completely. I listened to some of our quote unquote, role model athletes. We'll get interviews. You know, they go out on the court and they go out on the field and they play in you. They're at their athletic powers. I think you see a microphone in front of them. And I'm sitting and I'm listening, I'm going, maybe this is what's happening with the rap, the literacy that's going on. And I use that term speaking to how rap music purposely, Neil, purposely uses phrases and phrase theology and terms that are not correct. Right. It promoted, promoted literacy, promoted to fidgety. You know, even to the point I was listening to, will submit some videos. The movie while, while, while, while. And in the video, you say as a term, we as quick as there is. And here's a guy, Neil, will submit, we'll turn on a song for the MIT to go on a music. A guy who knows better, Neil. Right. But who does it just to be a high director to sell a certain segment of popular rap. Right, exactly. And it's disgusting, Neil. It, you know, you can say, and I guess my argument all the time was, well, they are in the marketplace. The marketplace is, you know, you have the rare people coming in with this idea, not a bit. But it's not just that. It's the drumming of America. You know, it's a continuation of that. But anyway, I want to comment on the part of the thing about models, I modeled in the MIT, MIT, late 80s. And that's the, you know, in terms of straight gay, that's, I think it was about one third, one third, one third, that idea, or trade shows. And I did a lot of one way. And I'd say, you know, it's pretty much split down and third, like, you know, along those lines. Right. But, you know, but other than that, but anyway, let's try to check in with you and say, walk back and love you. And say, how did Jeff Poff of it? All right. Take care. OK. You know, just like when I brought it up the first time, months ago, way ahead of the hero by the way, way ahead. What the head? They don't know from him. And even the guys in his ball, well, we think he, where's number 38? Looks like 33 in the picture looks to me, but nevertheless, close. Yeah. I'm telling to these sports nerds, man. And talk about historically homophobic and uptight about their own sexuality. And we really just insecure psychotic. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 21, before 11 at 2A. And we got Hank and two. We got a six to clock talk and baseball with Donny B. 630, the pregame and then from the sky on the Marlins and the Blue Jays, 7 o'clock tonight. And by the way, Ray Perry, same performance. Let's give Ray in Academy Award again. Very nice performance in your yesterday. Any results? No. No. Anything happening? So what's going to happen? No. New copy any, no. No. But nevertheless, why do you ask me this week on 48 hours? What has caused seemingly normal people to erratically alter their behavior? We'll take a closer look at a new language emerging in America. Welcome to McDonald's, McDonald's, Harry, Groovy, maybe. We're ever my typical laminated floor. You could go to try tile-top, but I'm about to check, baby. Can I buy a shed now? Oh, can I buy a shed later? Hello, Mrs. Windrup, may I take your hat? Do I like you? Oh, my jeige is... Do I? This week, America under the control of Austin Powers, a truck on 48 hours. It's a colleague of the month, Groovy, maybe. 1044, 560, WQM, nothing with what's his name? Bro! You were away before that was really made my day again. Not. Oh, he was proven, if I'd innocent, by a peer of peace of his jearies. Well, what did he say? Some of his arthing, some of the illiterate bull crap. A peace of his jeery. Here's Bokeh, hello. Neil, God. Yes, sir. That's all. Who cares about the empires and the athlete? To get about it. Yeah, I would agree with that, but nevertheless, they got nothing else to talk about. I mentioned that as kind of like a throwaway. Yeah, I know, I know, yeah. I'm what, yeah. Anyway, do you get a chance of sea lary king with Tom Cruise last night? I wouldn't watch Tom Cruise. I'd rather watch the empires than Tom Cruise. I never saw that. I was making more nauseous than what's his name? Which I heard. Jordan Knight. Oh, but anyway, I never saw Larry so excited to be in the company of a big movie actor. Yeah. You was drooling over himself. Mm-hmm. Anyway, I'm just passing on the term by Karate. He's a lot of he's up to 31 million. Yeah. If you won that, would you be off? I don't play the lottery. The lottery is a sucker bet. So the governor won't have a tender that and Bobby Butterworth will never tell you that. The lottery is for suckers. Yeah. I'm about to take it. Okay, I have a great day, pal. He's got no material. Not going to guys that are talking about the empires. He's talking about Tom Cruise. Anybody care about Tom Cruise? No. Not if you got a brain you don't. Not buying that bull crap. Jesus, I mean, talk about desperate and repressed. Let me say it for the eight million time. That's why so many people want to watch MTV, especially after this governor's show is on here because they want to see young hot naked bodies. Oh, my God. How disgusting and how true. And the American public is so repressed. Now, I read some of the reviews of this thing. And of course, Kubrick Rest in Peace was great, but nevertheless, some of them are pretty scabbing. And who wants to see Tom Cruise or Nicole Kidman naked anyway when you come right down to it? Do I want to see him? No, neither one of them. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You were talking about a book about diabetes the other day. Can you please give me the name of it? I was talking about a book about it? Yeah. About Dr. Friedman's book. Dr. Friedman's books. And then that book, Dad Beaty's Solution by Dr. Richard Friedman. I have beat its solution by Dr. Friedman. Right. Okay, thank you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 2 bed. We couldn't get a copy for Gene Hart before we do it. And stop them to meet all those tasty cakes and fill it. You get any calls about him? No. No. Of course not. The hockey broadcast. Do they know anything about that here? No. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. At 360 pounds of underwear about sexuality. Yeah. With the marons in town, I gave up baseball. Mm-hmm. But the reason I wanted to call you was about to hi-pachi. Yeah. Absolutely the best picture I've ever had. And I have about three frames that have the big one. And the smaller frames you've got a big one? Yeah. Yeah. And the good about it TV. Well, to have that too. Yeah. But the color on is I think it's the real start of everything. Better than so, any better, anything else. Well, as a result, I just got a way to, like, get home and set this thing up. Don't forget, you're saying it. I think you love it. I was raised and filled up. And Jean Harb was one of the greatest. He was good. He was fat, just like me. I didn't like this problem. I didn't like your tasty cake crap with the goals, but he was good. Yeah. But he was sure too, when he couldn't handle it. And the last several years he got so red and opposed it. People told me he was tough for him to even get up to the broadcast. I've been out there for about 10 years, but he was the greatest and answer one of the greatest and answers I ever heard. He was pretty good. But I think you'll like that. I'd pass you, Tom. Okay. Thanks for the video. Thank you, sir. There's a guy that says you'll like it. Give it a chance. Set it up, right. Okay. Don't get all this appointed because those banana boat guys from bar set it up wrong. Which they did, like I said, you got to go home. It's got to hold you to go through the set it up and get the cable. And even right now, they're more control while you use this one. It's seem like a thinker to it. It seemed like a play toy. As compared to my great Sony SBR. Pretty tough to beat that Sony SBR TV. You know, I mean, maybe you don't agree with that. See, I should be talking to Suds about this. And if we were on a real radio station, Suds would be around here somewhere. But are we on a real radio station? No. No, we're on a goddamn Jackson thing station. Where when Alonzo was in here the other morning, all these assholes, including Sam Ducebag, are running around in the hallway sucking those ass. Like there was somebody important in here. Oh, man. Goes back to what that dark and plighted listener was saying a few calls ago. Get a brain. When is America going to finally ever respect anybody with a brain? When is there going to be a premium on intelligence? Well, whatever happened again. No, in our lifetime. No. See, Jeff Popovitch, you not only looks good, but he's got a 3.6 and he's not majoring in basketball. He's his great point average is probably higher than the whole rest of you and her team put together. A 3.6 GPA in bio-medical engineering. How do you like that? Do you want to have your kids respect somebody? Respect him, admire him, okay? Not some illiterate jackass. Here's Carl Spring, Solo. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I haven't been to a baseball game in 25 years. Good for you. I fell asleep at 11. I was so boring. Yeah. Hey, these guys make 150 grand a year. They want to quit. Yeah, right, exactly. Yeah. And not for that. I saw a time cruise. What a giant nose. Yeah. What a giant. And I hung back. I think maybe that's why he and Larry got along so well. They both have hunchbacks. I think all of what he wanted to do is they look. My wife can't get any work. So we made a movie. Right. And this is a good way to convincing people that were really doing it. Those are really my kids. The best line I heard was John Stoody said if it was Shannon Tweet and Andrew Stevens, it would be on show time. And he goes, then I would watch. Yeah. And that was it. Hey, you see just see the body? No, I didn't see that. He's going to wrestle. Yeah. I'm going to know that you have you heard. Yeah. I don't have people that give all these speeches for 50 grand a complaining. Yeah. What's the difference, really? Exactly. And at least he's honest about it. Absolutely. Then the same. I can control what Russ Peros independent party. Well, why wouldn't he even want that? Because we want that. Okay. Have a great day. Calm down. Well, I talk about psychotic. They got to have his problems. I feel so much better now. Andrew Stevens, remember him? What was he in? The seduction was Morgan Fairchild and a whole bunch of B movies. Oh, he looked pretty good though. Although you did it. Yeah. Yeah. Long time ago. A lot of people look good along time ago. Some of us, of course, never look good. But never look. See, it's one thing when you never did look good. They don't have to feel bad about the aging thing. Because you always look pretty crappy anyway. So, at least you were consistent. But if you used to look real good, then all of a sudden you woke up on day and Oh, Jesus God, take a look at what the Lord has done to me. Then I guess you must feel pretty psychotic about it. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Pretty good. You know, I disagree with some things. I am a rapper. Yeah. I don't believe that rap promotes a literacy. I go back to the same feeling I have with movies. I think it goes back to the parents. There's a time when I speak with rap. I speak slang. I speak slang with my friend. But when I'm in the business and then selling. I talk, you know, business talk or FB or the white talk. The way they want you to know. Oh, what do you mean white talk? What is that? I mean English. No, it's not really English for this change from what it used to be. Not being a white, not being a white. It hasn't changed when you say white talk. But I've been hearing that for years. I really white talk. But I mean the corporate America talk. No, no English. English. Proper English. Well, English. Okay, English. But you see even the hippies had the old slang and the surfers had the old slang. Well, see, well, for example, those slang. But I'm using girls. Challenge the politics and the governing and look at right censorship. I mean, there are some part of the things. I don't believe they should be killing our record. They want our record. This screen with wrapping about children. Yeah. Right. And about killing cops and about beating up your women and crap like that. I just feel that you shouldn't just wrap at any time you hear it because there are some good rap and they're bad rap. Yeah. Just because the kids are talking and will be me to learn at home. How to talk or when to talk about that. But they're not. They're not learning to homerate. I don't believe that's rap's fault. I believe that goes to the parents. Yeah. I would agree with that. Why do you have to reinforce it? We reinforce it. It's just the way we talk. It's just slang. It's how the music grew up and it's how it's going to. It's just how it is. Okay. I can give you a lot of things you say though. The penny tax believe me. I'm going to be right out there voting no. Great. You would spy me to wrap about her. How quick are the churches are? Yeah. We got a wrap called Washington Stampin' about cooking creatures. Tell me about Jesus and the world trying to please us while the crowd girl. The smoke and session. You know. There you go. Now we're talking. Yeah. I was given my language man. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you look the guy like you man. I mean I got my friends listening to you. I just want to say he was up to the groundhogs, my group. And George or we'll bring you CD by one day when we finish using up our 50 hours of the school time and I'm going to let you hear it. All right. Take care, man. See you. Okay. So anyway, say hi to Eminem for us. Remember Eminem? Mine is. Yeah. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See you got me a little bit nervous when he started with that stuff about talking. White people talk. I get real. Because every now and then you'll hear militant black people talking about, wow. You know, white folks want us to be more like them and speak like them. Yeah. Like English. I wish that to British. I'm not talking about black British people. I'm talking about white British people. I wish they would speak the language. They're the ones that invented it. You think they know how to speak it. English. And like I've told you before, the amazing thing. And this is without exception. When you go to Europe. When you go into like real countries with their real estate and breathing people, which maybe you feel the ball going up something, you'll be lucky and you'll do it. When you go there and you hear because there's a lot of English spoken like in Scandinavian. And the Netherlands, most of Northern Europe, English is mandatory as a second language in school. So most people are very fluent in English. And they don't speak British English. They speak American English. Just like most of us speak it. Be speaking it. They don't speak that British thing where it sounds like they got a corn cob up there. Black don't. And I'm sure you'd be known what I'm saying. Here's having two. Hello. I can't believe that I called you dog. What's up Neil? I know. We got the little dog, the big dog, the mad dog. How about the fat dog? Neil, let's go back to Italy. I never really even thought about going over there until I listened to your show. Fabulous. What did I tell you? I can say thank you. I'm quite sure the good stuff with this audience. Most of them all go. Oh yeah. You know what you're talking about? Yeah, I was even in downtown Rome. Right. 12.30 at night. On a Friday. On a city bus. Right. Don't get a goofs with you. You don't worry about getting knocked in the head. It's just everybody might as well. You're very close when you see with the guns. The caravan area in the police. Yeah. And the military. Yeah. I was paid by the cost of street food. Turkish embassy. There was a lot of local police there. But you don't. I mean, you don't cause any problems. Yeah. Nothing. Nothing. There is no problem. The Florence Florence was. It's like a key West of Italy. You know what I'm saying? I don't think I've ever did that again. Tourist rap. Exactly. Hurry over prices. Like Niagara Falls. Exactly. But I mean, I wanted to go to see once. Yeah. The Dormol was really nice. But I just really want to thank you. I mean, I'd probably never would have went there. If I went to the middle of the road. You're showing. You're talking up. I think the tourist board of a. The alley. It should be a reimbursement. Yeah. I'm going to say for my two days in Milan, that cost me about $8 billion. Right. Exactly. Okay. I'm glad you had a good time. Thanks for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That is down with the King of Pop. He's the other board is on sanity. If you think we're sex, that's a great big lie. Now is the day my kids say. The likes, the steam, but I don't have a case. If I try to harm my money, we'll go by by. Don't ever see the child in my eye. I'll never see the child by eye. 1102 at 5.50 WQM. Thanks to whoever brought this thing in from the in wouldn't you know it. And the Toronto star from July 9th. The scoop on poop. I couldn't put it down. Oh, this is great. We'll get into this deeply in a moment. So anyway, thanks to my good buddy Wayne Arnold who calls in. Leave it to somebody I know to straighten out a problem with the, you know, the personal thing like the DB set. So Wayne also went out and got him a hot taxi, a big screen TV. And hooked up his satellite dish to it. The picture was crystal clear. And then he went over to the cable and the picture was. The Iranian really bad. Like mine was this morning and he freaked out and didn't know what to do. And finally, call the cable company and the cable company comes out at no charge. And they have to boost up the signal because I guess on the new set. It's so critical and a picture is so clear. Then unless you get a really strong signal, your picture is like. The Iranian crappy, which you'd expect any way from the cable. So they came out and put in the booster and knocks your charge and I was going to real quick picture on a cable. And that's what I'm going to have to do. But now I feel like maybe just maybe. I'll leave it to my choice. Thank you Wayne. God bless you. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'll lie it. Great. I want to turn on the radio this morning. I heard you told my jean heart. Did you recently die or other than the two days ago? Two days ago. Yeah. You know, you wasn't. He was a wonderful. He was a wonderful announcer, but he's the only. And you loved him because he was a great Homer according to him. Bobby Clark never committed a battle. Uh huh. But well, that's too bad. He was a good guy. Conplications to diabetes. He was fat and he was diabetic. He should, yeah, his station suit is to take your right. Right. Too many things. That's right. All right. Enjoy the show. Take care of the great week. Thanks. Okay. Right. Get on my car and go. Now take a look. OK sir. I'm going to ask everyone. A point to get to go. Good day. A hall. Kevi. An airport. Finally got six day. Just in, in there's probably three guys who are looking for action in some of the the halls around campus up here. One of the guys names is just to, to ironic guys name is Chisom. And in the papers up here, they print your picture with your names, clear as a bell, and maybe the whole account. This, I'll run it down just real briefly for you. Officers saw, Mem performing sexual acts for each other according to a police report. The officers watch Thompson seated on a toilet seat in the stall next to Chisom is the guy's name. Hold his pants and underwear down, got on his knees and began to masturbate in front of Chisom. You'll listen to them. More re-holes. Yeah. Chisom then reached down and grabbed Thompson's penis in a fun-ling manner. So the police are apparently falling down around watching for this to happen. And there's another poor guy, Johnson, who's been in the campus direct-chance and- Johnson, Johnson and Chisom. Yeah. Two-on-boiled. Chisom, yeah. I'm going to send him this to you. I can't write it. And Johnson listed in the campus directory as fine arts junior, got on his knees with his pants down and underwear off and then asked the officer for a, I don't know if I can say that. Well, the little just he Monica. Well, sure. I can't say the little job now. Okay. Poor boy job. While showing the officers penis, they also go on to say that two incidents are not related although they are kind of related. Up here it's a misdemeanor charge and you got to bail yourself out of jail for that. But they're charged with engaging in unantural and with CVS acts and they were all taking to the Glacier County jail. What's unantilabot? Uh, I don't know. It's all depending upon your preference. Right. I'm just giving a new meaning to what it is to be. If it was natural enough for the White House, it should be natural enough for Gainesville. Absolutely. It's slow and didn't up here in the summer. I guess everybody's just looking for some action. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. All right. Take you to Neil. See you bottoms up. I do like that. They're doing it in Gainesville, baby. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I'm just going. I want to let you know that George did a great job while you're going. Uh-huh. You know, you guys should get them great, uh, a raise. Yeah. Yeah. Anyways, um, you know, you guys make a good team. You know what I mean? Yeah. All right. Talk up to people to Spag. Um. Okay. That takes here of our calls for today. Whoooooo. Wait. If you know what I mean? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. Seriously, how how do we really make it through the, uh, let's see, you got your May and June and July and August and then, uh, Labor Day finally comes and you get the last weenies off the Agreal and then maybe just maybe. I've always said, how do the poor bastards that are in retail in this town? How are they survive in a summertime? How do they make it? Well, I mean, you go into these malls and their pain. You just know that the owners are paying through the nose. They're paying through the, back to the organic ransom. These big fancy shopping malls. And you see the people working in their standing, they're pacing back and forth and aging closer to the door. Practically wanting to come out and grab you by the arm and dragging you into the establishment. Just in hopes they might be able to pedal you something. Anything. How do they make it? How do they survive in this seasonal horse and buggy, uh, do Spag town? Don't get it. Cause I know sure. We sure is how I'll have a Mitsuit doing it here in the summertime. It's a picnic. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. How are you doing today, Neil? Okay, sir. I'd like to ask a favor if you could conduct a poll today for me. I, well, I work in the restaurant industry and I'm just curious why people feel necessary to clap if they hear a broken glass or a broken plate. And I just wanted to see why that happened. I do that. I never heard of that. Really? I've been in a bartender for like 10 years now and I mean, it's something breaks. Start with sarcastic plong. Yeah, there's a whole place. Really? Yes, now there's an at nice. What if that's like a steak coming from Ruth Chris and he hears of, you know, and he's clapping me while steak getting, you know, all I'm afraid of. Okay, the one thing is, if I'm the guy that's bringing the food out and I drop the thing in a breaks and they're applauding with sarcastic applause, I'm going to make sure that someone at ground glass goes back into food on the plate. That's right. What's this asker down to see how many people would, which sets up the clapping? Okay. That's what I'm curious. Excellent point, pal. Thank you, Neil. Punch your light job. Yeah. I'll give you another example where people clap when they think they're being doing it complimentary and that is on a plane. When you're, when a plane lands and it's like, you know, and what bothers me is, at first of all, why should you have to applaud if it's a great landing? Now, I'm trying to think of, well, one of the landings coming back, maybe it was the virgin Atlanta coming back from London on this last leg coming last Sunday. The landing was magnificent, especially for 747. That's a big ass plane. And the landing was like, I mean, you couldn't feel even a runway. It was just a smooth assail. It was great. But I'm not going to sit there in a plot when I'm paying an expensive money. You're supposed to get a good landing. But when really cracks me up, it'll be kind of like a jarring landing and you'll bounce a couple of steps on the runway a few yards. And you hear, hey, you know, people that never flew before, who I guess are just happy to be still be alive. Don't get it. Oh, god, Neil. Well, we have some good food stuff. And it's fantastic time. It seems they're early, but they're officially, this is a disgrace. Yeah. These things are tall. And they're gonna don't take long for their bedroom walk. It's plastered with its face. They make some drops. Yeah, all them tiny pops. When you tell them, they're pumped into the last. They're a phone stage. Short, easy, star. But it don't care what he are. And if you think I'm just jealous, that's okay. Yeah. You know, it's just a start of all wrecking Ricky Martin. He might just lose a lot of fans. Because it's the end of his garden. All wrecking Ricky Martin. I'm not telling you, you really love this man. You don't get his garden. All wrecking Ricky Martin. I don't care how much that he may. Good to see you get this start. All wrecking Ricky Martin. I'm not just going to roam around here the same. Also, the new thing in Rolling Stone for the very night, even Galibal and people just begging to be con. The new deal is Rolling Stone. Ricky Martin says number one is not gay. And number two, he's in the older women. Anybody believe either of those? No. Anybody with a brain believe either one of those? No. Wait till I get into this VM stuff. This is great. From the Toronto star. Leave it to an out of town newspaper, especially Toronto star or the sun. To come up with something meaningful that has something to do with our lives. As opposed to a bunch of people running around on a rubber raft somewhere. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hi. This is Jessica Tiles. I'm done. Patrick is girlfriend. Really? Yes. All right. One thing first. I want to tell you guys, Jeff is number 33 and the football community. Yeah, I can see that. It's in the paper this morning. And by the way, you know, the Harold always finds ugly pictures of people. Where did they find that picture on the first part of it? The one and the second part in on the inside of a Maddox Robbie and Fitch is great. But that picture on the front page is the sports section is you glee. Isn't it? I'm not. Yeah. That's where they ended up getting that one. Well, I think they airbrushed it to make them look ugly. Oh, no. But then when you turn that's impossible. When you're perturing to page 10, it redeems it. Yeah. How long you been going with Jeff? Actually, I got what Doug had been 10 months old. He was a dog. Uh-huh. I see Doug is 25, right? Yes. And Doug lives here too? Yes, Doug lives in Miami. He's actually going to be making a documentary of you and football coming up to the season. So everybody could be looking out for that after the season ended. And yeah, they have a lot of stuff going on. I want to clear up a couple of misconceptions. The guys definitely aren't gay. Right. And even I said that. Yeah. So I know a lot of people are speculating whether or not that's the case. And also, I mean you haven't done Jeff too on the side of him. Oh, no, no, no. Jeff has a girlfriend. Jeff does not have a girlfriend. He's very single. He doesn't have a regular girlfriend. And no, he does. He has even nowhere near a girlfriend. Yeah. Yeah. And it's fair to football aspect of things. And it's kind of getting a bad rap. And there's a columnist conception that he's not really up to par. Good athlete. And it's fair to like a just work harder than most anybody on the team. And hopefully the season will see him out there. Some more. Well, looking at that picture from the catalog, I would say he probably is harder than anybody on the team. Yeah, definitely definitely they're both really dedicated and hard workers. More so than anybody I know. I couldn't disagree. Yeah. Okay, listen, sweetheart. Have a great day. And thanks a good hearing from you. Okay. You two. Bye bye. Give Doug Angel. 560, 560 on the Mobile One line. Here's coconut growth. Hey. Yes, sir. You're still looking for mail model? Yes. Yeah, I'm a mail model. You know, there's other guys that call before. I think they were, I think they might have gone. But now I'm the real model. My name's Henry. Yeah. Yeah, pay. And what's your story, Henry? I put a couple of issues for play girl back in August, 97. People say I'm a fobio look alike, but I'm straight at the board. Your fobio look like? Yeah, you're hoping not. I'm hung like a freaking horse too. Yeah. And, but you know, if you saw it, I think even you knew me, if you saw these bicep, you'd get a boner. I doubt it. Not if you look like fobio. Yeah. Oh, across between fobio and making Martin. And Ricky Martin. Okay, well, listen, that's a great day pal. Let's say that all for me. That's why all we need to know? Okay, keep it till on the ground, sweetheart. 560, 50, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami with 15 question marks attached to him. Neil? Yes, sir? Yeah, I have a music question. Why are there so many questions marks on the thing on the board here? Next to your name. I don't know. I have a short one. Okay. Anyway, a couple of music questions. First of all, we're during a daily dance in music history. Where would I rank, steely, Dan? We're going to be at the end of the day. Okay. Okay. I guess that means you don't like it. I hate steely, Dan. The other day, he had stand steely, Dan. The other day, my good screaming diarrhea just thinking, just hearing the name steely, Dan. Oh, we ought to guess. Yeah, we're ought to guess. Yeah. The definitively Dan line, that's all you need to know. I would say my friend says, okay, best rock and roll singer in history. Okay. He says, Elvis, apparently, I say Freddie Mercury. What do you say? I say you're both a lacqueror. Okay. What would you say? I don't think you can say the best rock and roll singer about me. Elvis Presley was the band and Freddie Mercury? Well, that's what I think. But, you know. I think your friends do in too much acid. Okay. Anyway, Neil, in closing. Yeah. Have you still figured out what a hundred-dollar brother is? No. Okay. Thanks. Meaning what? What does that mean? Choros. Oh, a hundred. He didn't say it right. He was mumbling. I like that. Yeah. What kind of like take something out of it? Like a humor. 560, 50560, pound 560, on the mobile one line. Here's your field B, Chilo. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir. What do you think about being Freud? What? They put me over the wall, man. Will you do an acid? I don't know. I don't listen to Pink Floyd. I can't stand Pink Floyd. What's wrong? What's your favorite rock and roll band? Erosmith? Oh, I love aerosmith too. Yeah. Steak Tyler's great. Right. Yes, he is. So what's wrong with that? Well, no. Nothing. Rolling stones are fantastic. Right. Stones are good. Back to the more good. They're not good anymore. They're old and tired and stale. But they would all be... They would all be... They would all be... They would all be... They would all be... They would all be... Well, nobody's going to want to go see the beach boys when they're 95 years old, okay? They're not going to be surfer guys. Then there are 110. No. Well, I'm almost 110 myself. It'll listen to you know that guy that called in he said he looked quite fobio. He's probably across between fobio and Richard Simmons. Yeah. He said he might also want to see what's a difference. Any mail that wants to be a mail model? That is totally gay. No, it's not. What is the main? Well, we just had got to with a thing or a Jeff butt and Doug pop of it is girlfriend just called in from New Alvand. Yeah, I heard her. They're not gay. Okay. No, I guess not. But what do you mean you guess not? How about Jason Taylor from the dolphins that just came out with his calendar for charity? Is he gay? I don't know. Do you know? No, I don't. But do you? Yeah, I don't. I don't. No, I don't. How about I know you, but I do? I don't know. Sounds like you do. I know everybody who's gay and everybody who's not voie must have been fat with us information. How do you know? How do I know what? How do you know if they're gay or not? I don't. Do you dip the wick? You don't know if he's gay or not. Do you? You care? No, I don't. Sounds like you're upset with it. Hey, listen. Sounds like you have an obsession with it. No, I'm calling from your field beach. Oh, like I said, that explains it all. Okay. I'm calling from your field beach. No, I'm wondering you've got an obsession with anybody that's straight gay or even got one. Probably lived in their field. I'd be real lonely too. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile online. See that goes back to what I said in the beginning. That's the popular contraception that any guy that models is definitely a fan. Which is ridiculous. Steam, Iaserman, and Detroit for years. We're a real good looking guy. One of the best looking guys in the HL. He's had a calendar up there in Detroit. Is he gay? No. His wife sure is, I don't think so needed to do his kids. Which don't prove it. But I don't think they're just because of guy models that make some a flag. Okay. Jackass. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Well, first of all, that Ricky Martin parody really sucks as much as he does. Not that there's anything wrong with being a flag. I know they're year one. Yeah, I'm moving along. What are you talking about? I'm going to meet in the matter, okay? Well, the meet in the matter is the Joe show rules on 770. You suck. Yeah, okay. Great. That was good. That was great, okay. Joe's show rules on 770 and I suck. I only wish that someday I could be good enough to make it to Fort Myers, you know. I only wish in prayer that I could be good enough. This show could be good enough to make it over there. Into the Fort Myers. I mean, like, how are we already a station? Not just wanted to put on there to fill up the time because the bea leaves are too cheap to put on real programming most of the day. Thank you so much, sir. And thanks for listening by the way, the way to 560 and 770, WQAM. Over there, you've got a station that doesn't even have its own colors in anymore. Beauty. 560, 560, pound 560, on a mobile one line. Here's Carl Spring, hello. Hi, how are you? Okay, sir. I just wanted to reiterate. Sir, speak up, speak in that phone. I got a bunch of mumblers here this morning. I'm sorry, you know, how about now? That's better. Okay, I just wanted to reiterate that yes, you're going to be very pleased with that Natasha set. Yeah. Because I bought one in 1980. No, you wouldn't wait an hour or the time. I was about what I mean in 1980. I was in Japan in the Air Force for six years. Yeah. What a model over there and I bought it back with me. It's still going strong. Really? And then I was so pleased with it about three years ago. I bought another set for my dad that he's retired in Atlanta. And the lines were so bad up there. Also, I had to put a booster in just like he said into my dad's house. And the set looks wonderful. The colors come up. The flesh tones are very, very realistic. So, how do I able into booster and other cable looks good? Right, exactly. And when I came to call Springs and this is a brand new house, the booster wasn't that good here either. And I had to rewire myself the house itself because the cable got screwed up the wiring in the house. They installed it originally. Right. I straightened out the whole line and put my own booster in. And I've got that old one still going. And I have two to sheep with big screens. I'm like you, I have more over the house that way. I don't miss anything. And I've had to, the she the set now six years and not a problem now. So I think it'd be very happy. I've worked it out and adjusted and re-publiced. I did. When and done, I'll work it out. Okay, thanks a lot. Thanks for the good news. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. So 11, 25, it's 2, 1 in. It's hot, it's muggy, it's bits in and the shade. Oh, really, child, Erin's coming. All right. Piano dance. Piano dance was always a sign of awesome dance snippets. And only there could be fans of the song. There's an Jieun all the time. Lalaicada not ton of really old songs, right? That you play with them. Taken you out. Come on. Lalaicada. So the song's one is short. I'm not the thing that I think And I'm the star But if you're on a day You're the thing for about me You think you know I'm on a day I'm the thing You sure make it a day Because you could always share this with me You're the one that you're the one You're the friend of me She was twenty five but she just left me Oh! You know, they keep I'm on a day I'm free That it called a call No, I'm not so perfect You think you could always share this with me I'm not the thing for me Oh my gosh Oh my gosh She's so cute She's a lovely guy She should be scared of her You know, no one's supposed to be there I'm the guy For a sign She's looking my five I'm seeing the story I've got this for a Brittany's got it all over Jennifer Lopez I know that you're all excited because you were just watching Jennifer there on the screen Oh no, I've never listened Brittany's got her hands down So to speak Hands a pickin' in the crotch It's 1131 and see that's another thing These people that are calling it watching the Brittany's spirit Is a video expecting to see Brittany picking her crotch Is opposed to that other chick that's sitting on the hood of the car I mean if she did that, that would be the end All work would stop in America for a set of I'm serious that would be the end of a productivity in America for days to come So to speak Oh I got to get to this poop stuff from the star in the wild This is great stuff Here's Miami, hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir How you doing? Great I just wanted to say that I'm thinking of living in Miami as well as you are And I was embarrassed about that I don't live in Miami so I live in plantation acres Okay, well that's not a big make either That's much better than Miami Yes And I was in a Paris about three months ago and I would rather live there any day Than here in this hellhole Miami Yeah And just to say if you knew that I've been a lady keeping up with NASA and you know that if you pay $200 a month You could be one of the first ones that go live in the moon by the year 2030 Yeah That's really good I mean I rather get out, I rather go live in the moon and say for people can hear me screaming complain And here in hell Cock among Okay, well good luck you pal Well send some supplies out to you Just like they did in the South Pole Well send a spaceship up there and they'll drop it like from your low altitude 560560 and by the way that little homo that called from Naples Hey, to break the news to you But Joey C called from a four miles they love this show Everybody on that show on the morning show in four miles and W whatever that used to be W-W-C-N Love this show They're obsessed with me, okay? So put it back into your pants and then just give up Puts 560 Pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's land 10 hello Neal what's happening? Are you doing sir? I'm doing okay, Bob I'm Chicago here Transplant, dying every day I'm pretty depressed boss Pretty depressed thing down here Yeah, I saw media about six months ago I approached I think there's Lulu and Ray Perry I forgot what her name was down there Oh yeah Lulu and the Ray Perry Yeah, I approached for the idea of selling media paraphernal Because nobody represents you guys up here in Palm Beach Right And we'll get back to you, we'll get back to you Put together a package for you Yeah, that's it, that's it, that's it I'm like six months ago, Ray Yeah, I would hold my breath Just like I'm holding my breath for all the promenadeau Ray Perry, you know he's a good face man It comes in he puts on a good act like he did for me yesterday Because I was really better out of shape about her Sales department really losing it And just like the last time I saw him about four or five months ago He gives me a big song to dance They're going to do this, they're going to bring you back that And here it is like 25 hours later And I have seen nothing, you know? Right, the land, great land Because the dead mark and I prepare for radio And I'll put you in any of those guys But they didn't recognize it, so they're lost Right, exactly Do you come up with a company coming down If you know about it called TV radio It's going to be a digital radio bar Right, right It's going to be out about six months or a year And that's the change of the land change Very clear The whole thing, if you think that Greg Reed is nervous now About some station on 2400 on the dial And nobody could pick up Wait till that comes out Who can pick time Exactly Come out of material Okay, good luck, pal Yeah, that Ray Perry, him and that Lulu She's a Lulu, all right Of course, you need to be on vacation this week And Ray, Ray means well, it's just that nobody pays any attention to him And of course, when you work in a place I've told you this many times before When you're working in a place where nobody ever gets canned And people just walk around to whatever it really wants You know, so he goes around, oh, oh, we got to have this We got to then they, oh, okay But if you say, we're in there to go Eeeeeey Behind his back and don't get crab, you get squat And then I write John penis Huh? And Todd Drek Uh-huh And all the others So anyway, when's that, when's that purity coming in about, uh, Fapoey? And then hand job Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line Toronto Star has got a big article here July 9th issue, the scoop on poop How is your health put embarrassment behind you Would take a look at your bomb movements by Martiga Lone Special to the star And this is great, I mean, see, this is another thing about the FCC You know, they make it up as they go along When you can't see this ward, you can't see And it's just arbitrary And you can't talk about the last thing they came down with Back in 86, 87, about ex-critory activity Now ex-critory activity, last time my check is a part of life Uh-huh Right? Whether it's, you know, very appetizing about that's another point But it's a part of life But they've decided you're not supposed to talk about that And of course everybody Proced and doesn't anyway But this article, I mean, is something that's a very great value And a great value and a great and tremendous and urgent interest To every living human It says, let's face a digestion happens, few of us, however Can talk about the end result without embarrassment It's too bad our stools would yield clues about diet Gastrointestinal health and stress Angry and ex-analyline anxiety levels Maybe as useful as diagnostic tools, our temperature or blood pressure How do you like that? I think instead of taking my blood pressure to a three times today I'm going to start checking my stools a little more closely How do you like that? Like when you go in a bar you better take a little close look at that stool Before you put your uh, back to a minute Because god only knows what's left behind People can tell a measure of their health by their bowel movements As Dr. Ted Lothness Rhymes with softness An interness in Lickfield and Minnesota What a name that is, Dr. Ted Lothness Nothing is as overrated as sex and so underrated as a good bowel movement And he has the minnance out Florida Can you imagine if this guy was like a cemetery village or sunrise lake? Yeah, man, oh man, they pray for a good one From the moment food enters your mouth your body and barks on a campaign To turn it into a soupy mush called CHYME Is that kind or is it kind? Huh? I guess if you do I should kind Towing saliva peristalsis Involateric contractions of gastrointestinal muscles Back to where your hygrochloric acid Digestive enzymes, bile, other secretions work To give each male a consistency of split pea soup Why do digestive cells absorb sugar, starches, fats, vitamins, minerals, Nothing nutrients, weight products travel down the line In the colon the leftovers are combined Packed together and partially dehydrated Packed together Some experts say stool should float other say the opposite Wow, I remember the old sick and float lady for my in-z years ago I did a whole show on that one night Did they sink her to the float and people would call into it? Just buy the book, just buy the freaking book It says what remains are feces consist of water in the gestable fiber Undi-gested food like corn and small seeds, oh yeah, corn and small seeds Slopped off dead cells living and dead bacteria Intestinal secretions and bile Worn out red blood cells and bile, give excrement its distinctive color If all goes well, you'll have a healthy bowel movement Now here comes here come a few very important things that you should listen to very carefully Have all your kids gather around the radio, okay, valuable information for the rest of their lives Although digestive and acencrecies, variations in intestinal bacteria And other variables can produce different standards for a healthy stool It generally should be brown to light brown, formed but not hard Syllindrical not slattin, fairly bulky and full body not compacted Some are textured but not too messy and very easy to pass And it shouldn't smell much Well, I guess they never been to our restroom down the hall here Woo! Your passing methane and bacterial degraded food stuff So there's always going to be an odor warms Patrick Donovan A Seattle nature of path natural path but it shouldn't be a strong punch and odor It should be really mild like almost pleasant like Ah, experts disagree on two other characteristics Number of pieces and buoyancy now here comes the most important part Each bowel movement should be in one piece about the shape and size of a banana And tapered at the end according to Melanie Ferrarra, nutritionist and instructor At the National Gormian Institute for Food and Health in New York City Then that sounded a little bit out of line for a person with that title She's the neutral, the natural Gormian Institute for Food and Health in New York And she's an expert on maybe she's an expert on bananas It should be in one piece about the size, shape and size of a banana And tapered at the end Now I can recall just not picking put my thinking cap on too hard But I can recall in my lifetime about four times that that's happened Okay One recently One in the last ten years So I must have some real serious problem somewhere By the way, let's start thinking about lunch Oh, that's right, you're not eating anymore You have no appetite I don't know what it is Do you don't know what what is you have no appetite I've no appetite Could be this place, could be, works for me Why do you play spes? Ever wonder what happened at the British Super Group Oasis? No, lots of people thought they'd find these run out of ways to rip off the beetles Not even close Oasis is back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before It's Oasis, don't let it be Be united My way Oasis, don't let it be He gives you a chance to listen over and over again Who is incredibly original songs like this I'd like to be Meet the service of the ocean In an eight-on secretures cultivation That's with you Oasis, don't let it be, you'll move It will astound you It will make John let him spin and is great And that's the conclusion I love you, you can see I love you It's the man he proportionate to the man You can see man And with for no navigers new solo ill he's abby highway On snow records Not only are we great but I love foreigners too I've heard why I spent so much time out of the country Cause I like foreigners a lot It's 1146 at 5.62m So just get in back briefly for another 20 or 30 or 45 hours To this piece, to this piece about stools Each bob movement should be one piece Decide and shape open and tapered at the end However, don't have any dizziness Stools don't have to be well formed logs They can disperse into a little water They can break down Some experts argue that stools should float Ferraris has buoyancy's assigned A body is absorbed the minerals in the food Others believe healthy bob movements should touch bottom Because of their bulk and fiber content Most tools will sink as loftness softness Who doesn't buy either argument Whether it floats or sinks really doesn't seem to make any difference Now why is that important part that I was reading to you With the most oh yeah It's got a whole bunch of suggestions to improve your digestive system's health Like eating more dietary fiber Gring lots and lots of fluid, especially water Exercise daily like walking Regularly eat foods known to stimulate digestive enzymes Including brown rice, diacon radish What the hell is that? What's a diacon radish And pungent foods like garlic, ginger and onions So I love garlic and I love onions ginger How often do you have ginger? Whatever you have sushi Whenever she's available I don't eat sushi Oh Jesus Christ, no wonder you're not in the mood to eat Eat fermented foods such as meat so Oh no soy bean paste Tempah, tempi I thought that was an Arizona tempi Which is soybean cakes See this is that that's same old crap again Like that's phony baloney stuff that the John teen is trying to To unload on me the a couple weeks ago About eating the pigeon eggs and whatever that other stuff was And there nobody could pronounce High quality yogurt and pickles Eat lots of pickles to replenish beneficial bacteria in your gut Hey, I don't miss a pickle Minimize or end your intake of coffee, lactative and refined foods All of which interfere with regular elimination Antibiotic birth control pills And other prescription drugs also can hamper your bowel movements If you're constipated as productive you can change or reduce the medications you're on And it goes on it says he'd call a nature go to the bathroom when you feel the urge Not just when it's convenient In other words the feel the urge right now just let it loose Just let go. Now doesn't say get up and go. It says just oh, doesn't say get up and go anywhere Reduce stress which can cause either constipation or diarrhea If and see this is something I've been telling you for years This is very very important and this is why maybe you don't like Europe at all But at least you'd like the European toilets because at least in the hotels The toilets are bigger around and you have no I mean believe me It's it's it's even more sure than go into the pizza lot I'm telling you you have a meal there and you rush back to the hotel and if you're lucky Please look it on time Because it says if you're daring consider squatting on the rim of the toilet and your bearer stalking feet Squatting straightens the recto anal angle and opens it more fully so elimination is much easier You could thinking you could think of it as straightening a partially kink garden hose How do you like that you know when you have your hose on? So to speak and it's got a kink in it and then you straighten it on all of a sudden like squirt squirt goes pouring through their leg real fast Well when it's got a kink in it You got problems So there you go there's some helpful stuff from the Toronto star and I think the gentleman profusely you brought this by important stuff That has to do with real living whether the FCC likes it or not I wonder if the people at the FCC have a BN not like the last 20 years No, I doubt it But you ask holes Here's a mobile and hollywood hello Hello Yes sir Which is the top you can eat you by now Which one? Yeah the ultra visiting I can't even tell you Is it it's a projection right? Well I noticed when you watch like a football game and there's a green field Yeah, there's players in white there's like a white halo around him and it's other than that it's a great TV Oh no are you hearing? Are you hearing? I'm going down the field there's going to be a little white glow around them Ah Lady soccer too I don't want to watch in Lady soccer And they were like well I called them and guys said oh that's normal it's going to happen Oh, doesn't happen on my Sony XBR What happens on those hotaches in the guy said it was normal And then the other thing was this subwoofer volume is like not proportional to the regular volume So if you have a subwoofer hook to it through the TV you get to play with that all the time In other words you don't like it No, I like it other than the main Other than the white halo Yeah And the crappy sound No, the sound's good Yeah You have to play with the subwoofer all the time But I don't have a subwoofer Okay, so then it won't be loud enough You won't be loud enough Well It'll be loud enough for you probably I just use it for TV I don't watch you know listen to music on your anything But it seems like without the if you don't turn the subwoofer up sometimes it's not loud enough Anyways Thanks for the good news Bye See you I just don't feel so much better about the old the alarm rate to blow my brains up What did you get from Chuck the other day that it looked so good? Not that you didn't want anything but I just might want something she's taken Yeah Not with bread No, no And it was good Yeah I think I'm going to get that Yeah Oh yeah, because onions, onions, garlic and ginger will really do it for it Maybe some garlic in there too You think he has any garlic over there? No Tell me the puts in garlic on it And the meat too 560 560 I just wish I was talking to somebody that knew the difference between the Sony XBR and these had Tantys you know I got a call-up so it's coolman and find out maybe he'll call in off the year and tell you And we just won't mention that he call because we don't want to give him a trouble with you know who Here's a mobile in my any hello I know I I recommend this anything you want But that a calonic every month it is the greatest I love it No I really have to try it I'm not going to tell you I'm not going to tell you I'm not going to tell you it is great you could eat what you want but you have a calonic Another thing I was talking about you can eat what you want I don't understand what you want If you want to eat a few times a week if you want it I don't throw everything down my throat I get a calonic and it's still should think Definitely should think and it shouldn't be so dark brown It should have a nice kind of like a camel color If you can read that's ideal stool Yeah, get a calonic One other calcala color banana I'm serious I am too I'm dead serious All right one other thing I was watching my free son today had Chad and Jeremy on him I pay a Chad was much cuter than Jeremy much cuter Meaning what I don't know they always thought that they were you know Chad and Jeremy you know again I mean the singers Chad's the audience He was gorgeous They were neither one of them were cute No Chad is gorgeous I see a lot of people that used to look good I bet you even what's your name used to look pretty good Sister Murray Margaret Elizabeth 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line mother Teresa She used to look good too, huh? No? Here's Miami, hello Neil what's going on How did you come here? What is it? He's talking to Camilo He knew that pond being straight What does that mean? I'm talking to Camilo I'm putting you on I am I'm telling you I got a pot Okay 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line How's Chad? I really very very sad Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello Hey Neil Yes sir I am doing Okay Good day You know what that is Good thing It all depends You know it depends upon what you eat and what you take again You know That's what it just said That's what it's got to reading Right I just met the last 15 or 20 minutes reading I was exactly what I just said Yeah I've been listening to you Hey that lady What was your position again? The one that says the banana shape What was your position on what? Oh there she worked in New York with that The A is something Yeah her position was prone 560560 pound five 60 on a mobile one line I'm going to have to start taking notes I guess sir when I start reading these very important things You start getting the pencil and I Yeah, legal and yellow pad Because you're going to have to take some notes I can't repeat the old 20 minutes Just because you're so slow Here's a mobile and crawlspraying Hello Hey Neil Yes sir Yeah, I heard you all along Talk about your 32xbr over the past couple of years I happened to have one of those two And I went out and bought Because I got the house bigger I need a bigger set I got it to Todd No 53 Older vision 53xbr 53xbr Right That's what you had before Oh it wasn't a two It was a projection Right Oh okay, I'm sorry So I got a 32xbr So any I like me don't did it around with 32 inches I know well it's a great picture for the right size room Right But there's a problem The Hadatati Ultra vision And they have an SPX And that's the 50 inch one I bought Within the first couple days It just would shut off on its own You could turn it right back on So I knew it wasn't overheating And in the relife which wasn't shut And it off to protect itself There was something something fluky So I actually took the remote Put it in the other room Thinking the remote going off And miss firing And shutting it off It wasn't it So they brought me out of brand new one Same exact thing happened to that one So finally I said that's it Take it back I got the miss of BC And unfortunately my miss of BC was about 32 And those fatatis were around 25 I don't know what you paid for years But you probably got the SCC I got a great deal on it I imagine you get some great deals But I mean it's a picture I like But I mean come on Okay, shut up Well I'm telling one thing They were more jam I only had about like 10 minutes It was morning after the Cause I had to come to work But the remote control They seemed like a tinker toy It just didn't seem to work every time I pressed it And it just I don't know Compared to the Sony one It seemed like a play toy Yeah, I know it's I mean that's the only XBR That's the tough set to be But any I want to go out It's time to sub-warfer And stuff that's something Until you have a sub-warfer You don't know what's your miss And they're not that bad As far as cost-wise You should consider putting that But I got two gigantic poke speakers That I had my amplifier If I want to run the TV through that I can do it any time I want So I can get just unbelievable sound I don't have to worry about that I say yeah you can do it that way I can't find something Up and just drive the whole neighborhood out But supposedly this is Tatshi And the actual Metsubishi That I ended up with Where the two best pictures That everyone kind of agreed Those two are neck and neck But one you know when it's shut off I had to I said Well that happened this afternoon When I go home I'm taking a ball-peen to hammer to it They told me it was a factory Problem and they needed to come And re-sotter something like Oh you got to fix the brand new set I don't think so Yeah those gaps are getting even with this No man Okay good luck found Good luck Good luck to you I'm using the M My M My M My M Never before has one movie Broad together Two people that know what And the country really cares about You'll be bored to death When you see Julia Roberts big mouth And Hugh Grants I'm not just smiling Noting off Hill Check local listings for theaters And times Noting off Hill Problem 2 at 560 WXUM is working on me Former Mayor of L3 to repay $44,991 in plantation Compensation against city rules Former plantation Mayor Frank Belfrey said On Thursday he would give back to $44,191 except in the Civilification Bay Money the city's attorney concluded The one time elected leader was not legally entitled to take And it was on to say Veltery said he would reimburse the city I didn't think I was taking something I wasn't entitled to he said anybody believe that Yeah Nice going your old fart 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Bokeh Hello Paper black a banana buttload Speaking of suds Yes sir Former Mayor modeled Neil And heterosexual Right I posed mood and didn't really care If the audience was going to be male or female I don't know what the big deal is with that Well there are a lot of guys very uptight about that Yeah I don't understand that I've heard a couple of guys that called in Tell me coolios screen about All guys of model or gay But I would say less than half of the guys I ever worked with For gay Really But I do have an update First of all that's a great way to meet chicks You get a lot of dates modeling Like when they are Girls expect guys that they work with to be gay When you turn out not to be gay You're halfway good looking They're interested in I work in Dallas for a long time modeling And got a Troy 8man update for you Yes I can confirm that a friend of mine who was a Dallas cowboy Cheerleader They dated for a year So he was straight in that respect He actually had to quit the squad The dating because it was against squad rules But I also know a guy that worked with The modeling industry who claims to have First and experience with Troy On the other side of the tracks Right So I get a spread it around maybe That's way seems And that's it for me But you said he was straight in that respect Well he was straight That was a number of times the Dallas Every other day he was straight Yeah, some like that Okay, thanks Okay Oh Don't spread those ugly rumors Because you know how the sports there is Are they crumble? They just fall the pieces Letting hear things like that They get real real nervous Conjuring up image As a people like Jeff and Doug pop of It's taking showers with Troy 8man Things like that And with Brad what's his name? Davis I mean Brad Whatever the hell is name is Butch Davis I don't think Brad's taking too many showers anymore Do you? No doubt it 560 560 560 Well he had that horrible time in Turkey You know Here's a highly hello Hi, what's with these buttons man? Look at that thing Jesus hit it Highly hello Yes sir I had to try that twice Or the Chevy had hung up on me No no this phone is Rebellion Okay unlike some of the who doesn't Highly I'm not here to crank off Yeah I'm not sure if I just don't listen to you Are you ready to say something I'm not sure if you talked about the It's already my army throw sports section We can sports But I'm on the page But Jeff pop of it Hi, hi, hi, hi Of course I talked about Doug's girlfriend called in earlier Yeah, I mean I'm here And there's a few of us that they are both very head of a sexual All the way she insisted that Jeff doesn't have a girlfriend I'm not listening why are they going to put it It's just a smaller picture of Jeff And such a huge picture of this door It would I mean I've ever seen that huge picture of Jeff If you put 200 page 10 on the inside there You can't even have big I have to have the big It's big I'm not a big thing You're okay, that's nice Some are young lady that called in Said it was a gigantic It's not that big It's not that big It's not even a quarter of a page I have to go to date my mind Check out that the floor is feeling I guarantee it would cover more than a quarter of the page Thank you so much Neil And have a great day, okay 560560 It's just I want you to like on this You know, I'm like on the fourth floor in the All-Like and Abacement today 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello Hi Neil Yes sir Yeah, I've left on there where they review a farewell The God in the Sun's Sentinel Yeah, by the religion You're the religion that you write You think pretty pissed off Because at the book was attacking Adam and Eve And Noah's arc The book is like the book about like Noah and dinosaurs and Adam and Eve And God knowing the future What did he say about it? Did he say what did he say about it? What did he say about it? He was really pissed off about it Well I don't remember exactly what it said It's obviously he bumped it very clearly And very infatibly and very well done And what can I say? It was all over What do you expect him to say? He's a religion editor He's a religious nut How can you have him reviewing a book against religion? With amazing is that book is in a story He's reviewing it because of you That's why No the book is in the story Really? Yeah He only took about three years And they finally let him put it on Oh come on One more thing I can say If you've signed a story Totally destroyed it, Noah's arc story That's what we bring with Oh he had Varney and Dinah Dinah and Dinah Wander He had Dinah of Cicerole on her Two is what I hear speaking of Dinah Cicerole Good luck, Dino You'll lead it 560560 Pound 560 On the AT&T wireless line North Miami with four questions mark Silla Any a lawyer? Okay sir Can I have my frustration a little bit? About I mean the last person I could I remember back in 1980s There was a slogan The last person in Miami brings Please don't forget to bring the flag Yeah I mean the policy of just letting everybody come in I mean not everybody excuse me Only selected people which is only Have to be to the nationalities Can come in Become a residence become a citizen On the other side We don't lift the involved against human people So they were coming this along Because we were expecting On a floor Two and a revolve against castle But you still have this two When a justman act Because of vows And anybody is that happy Lee is in comes here Yeah Sick of it And so is everybody else with the brain Yeah But the thing everybody else doesn't get The benefits of the other two Cuban companies are automatically Become residents They automatically have to Things become citizen Not any other nationality If he was across the bird George is even the citizen He's got a yellow card They're not a medic Yeah It's one year I won the after The That's one year We have to go and get your Voter registration card And promise to vote for Governor Boots And you have to stand there and go And kiss it You're Ross Layton on a ring And then you can become a citizen Yeah that's the way we work Okay, good luck to town How do you go Holy Macanon This is still Bull on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God Working in the field and the picture Tinted and then became a secret agent Working both a man For man For man For man They hide And let be what was written Oh yeah Oh yeah Nobody knows that general That was really out of control Yo yo yo yo We be read by the history Yo yo yo yo We be read by the history It was been told It was then they're watching Time Jefferson was told And we made the bag Made the bag Cheapy man To the queen How shopped in was making me Oh yeah Oh yeah Nobody knows that I must share what's really It's the soul Yo yo yo We be read by the history Yo yo yo yo yo We be read by the history Think of that by the way In addition to the NAWACP You have a nervouser crap Because the coming fall TV program The line of doesn't have enough Ethnic minorities in there Don't have any Ethnic minorities Starting in any of the shows So they're all pissed off and went on the shape That would be like somebody Like maybe the clan Or some other white supremacy group Filing a lawsuit Saying well we're pissed off and fired up Because the NBA you don't have enough of White players in it Right I mean, what kind of crap is that? Like do we have some kind of a quota system? Oh, it says we have to have, you know, so many, I mean, I can think of times when there were so many damn black sitcoms on, you and all the same, by the way, he just wanted a puke. Like today, the one with W. B. lately, the only good one of which, by the way, was the Jefferson. The other one's all sucked like good times, even though we did like Esther Rull, rest in pieces, but other than that, maybe one other black sitcom that was good. I'll get back here. I mean, we even had to put up with a goddamn bill, cross me how many hundred shows did he have? And each year, every one of them sucked, big time. And we already had I love Lucy that you cover you who he owes for a long time for the drug. That can't be you. We're not bitching about now. You got more other stupid things to do. But a road channel. Yeah, right. You got those goddamn novelas there or whatever, they call those things at night. What are they calling? Novelas? Oh, yeah, like I said, that crap, all those bang shows. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. All this whining and carrying on. And though we're going to sue and never everybody's suing everybody. That's the American F and way, baby. We don't like to fall line up. See, forget about the fact that the show's all sucked. Forget about the fact that the TV audience, the viewing on it, is forced to choose between crap on ABC and crap on NBC and worst crap on CBS. Forget about that. But we got to worry about the skin color and you're noticed by the way, that every commercial that comes on, we have to have it's obligatory. You have to have somebody's farches in there and you have to have so many, wholyos in there. Every commercial that comes on now. Why? I hate to break the news to these people. But you know, maybe you feel in Detroit, you should have like your own programming. Feel in Detroit or maybe like St. Louis. And you should have to watch shows that have a lot of dark people in them. But if you love like in San Diego or you live in Lansing, Michigan, I don't know why I guess they got a lot of spares there. They got to have that flip ball and basketball team going. Here's Hollywood, hello. You have to be careful day out there today, Neil. It is. Yeah. Thought was raining cats and dogs. I don't know. We're inside. We have no way to see. No, it's just gorgeous. But I see once again, you're fired up this morning. It's, yeah. I mean, you sound like a little bit. When do we get to the materials? So we don't like to wait for eight months. The one you listen to the show. Because I happen to find you entertaining at times. Yeah. Okay. Well, let me tell you. I don't find your calls entertaining because every single one of them is the same. You find me entertaining at times. What are we talking about? I hate today. We're talking about bowel movements. We're talking about male models. We're talking about football players. What are we talking about hate? We're having a good time. You're just a one-note Charlie with the same sour push attitude. And if it's a beautiful day out there, why don't you get out there and do something in it? Go on and play God damn golf. Go play tennis. Go school but diving. Go in the ocean for a while. Go bother coming back out. Sure is a beautiful. If it's a beautiful day, sure is how cool is that or me? Because the damn dish was out here for about 20 minutes earlier. And most of them are in cats and dogs. I bet you it's hot or in hell out there. You know what's the 16th of July? What a shock. We were having a good time and says you called up and pissed it off for everybody else. Sir, we're having a great time here. Here's Boca, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? I was doing great to let Jack ask, called in. Yeah, well, let it rest. Look, you know, come back to your TV deal. If you have a problem with that TV, I just recently purchased a Mitsubishi of 5080-800-HD TV ready. What? What? It's the TV ready. The head of the adapter? Yeah, that's at the box. Well, how much is that about six grand? No, it was 3,500. Yeah. And I'm telling you the picture is fabulous on the satellite. It's got 1200 lines of resolution. Even though the satellite only gives you about 700, the picture is absolutely fabulous. And it's a 50 inch, I mean, they make them up to 74 inch. 50 inches enough for my room is big enough for bigger than that. Yeah, I can get between the two windows and sitting on my wife. You know, that's just silly thing. That's you got what you see these in and all that other stuff. But I have it running through my amplifier. I'm a 995, which is a 100-walked per channel. And it is absolutely, I'm telling you fabulous. When people come over here, and I put the TV on and my other phones running. But when I put the TV on, it rocks the house. Right. I have it. It might be at the end of the month. That looks exactlyal. Okay, see. See, as soon as that said, it would make many. So, well, good point. 560, 560, 560, on the 18 team either has $10 million or some. But these Budwives are one of the other. Here's a mobile and cross-brings, hello. Mobile and cross-brings. Me, yes, sir. Oh, yeah. Okay. I had a little, I want to touch a little bit on it. Should we have to go out or forget to throw all the God books? Yeah. That reviews, you know, the week. You know, I got to film the reason why they came out with that review. So, that book was because you got so many people ordering that book. And they're losing their flock. And they better get out now and be folks. Look, before they, any of them, he's left going in there. Sure, was peculiar to see the size of the review with the big picture of the author and the whole deal there. I mean, it was like a half a page review. And like I said before, it's so suspect that you've got the religion ended, you've got the religion ended, reviewing a book to the Tantai religion. Where is the book? Is there any possible credibility in what this guy has to say? Exactly. And why do they have the religion guy there? Because they're losing their people. Yeah. You know, I didn't realize the Sun Sentinel was in the religion business. Well, you know, these papers now, they're everything they can get their hands in. Anyway, that's all I have to touch up. And have a great day. Well, maybe they'd rather be in a religion business than the gambling business because they're sure anti-Cocino. So I guess they're more into all the God Bull crap. Although they do like those escorts or vices on a sport page. 560, 0560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's West Palm Beach, Hilo. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. What did I know how you got to talk to do with a Kashi over a Philly XBR? Because they don't carry him anymore. I bought my set and I just was impulsive like I always am. I already have a Philly XBR. I'm getting the fixed next week. Well, you've got a Corvette, right? Two of them. Okay. Well, if you change, I traded your Corvette in for a Cavalier. That's what you just did with an XBR for a Hattashi. Are you serious? Absolutely. Oh, my God. I've been around T.D. for 21 years. I worked for a better electronics dealer. We saw the bits that the B.C.s I was just talking about. And the XBR is too. There's not a better television on the market. Well, let me ask you something. How come a big place like, Mark doesn't have the XBR anymore? He says we don't carry him anymore. Well, I'm going to get deep to quite say that a couple of these names. They're not allowed to carry the higher end because they're extremely large discounters. They try and hold the integrity of the problem. But that's why I bought my first XBR. Yeah, but they don't carry many more because they would basically hold the prices out on it. Except for the television and sell them for the same thing. You sell a average television. So, what did you tell me that this Hattashi bought his a piece of craft? No, it's not a piece of craft. It's a good TV, but like, everything in life is a good better and a best. You've got good or. Well, it's not like I got rid of the XBR sitting there waiting to get fixed. Get a fix. Get a fix. You'll need a difference when you start washing it. So I'll stick the other way in the broom closet, I guess. Oh, question. You said something about good black TV shows. You hadn't seen it here. Could remember any other Jeffers. Right. What about Stanford fund? No, it was okay. What was the best show? Yeah, it was a better build caused me. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. Thanks. Okay. So, he said the Hattashi is a piece of craft. And I should put it on my Habbachi in the Vernon. Kill it. Voter it. Really depressed now. But that's what happens when you're impulsive and you walk in there and they say, Well, we don't carry that anymore. But you trust people that you've done business with before. You assume that they're going to take good care. And then they say you're some piece of swirl, which looks really good on a Sureroom floor because they got it hooked up to some laser disc and looks like you'd reach in there and touch it. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I don't know about TV, but my mom has a Hattashi rice cooker and it's turned out pretty good. Yeah, I think that's what I'm going to do on this TV this afternoon when I go home. I'm going to cook some minute rice on it. Anyhow, about a more black, sick comment. Martin, you know, like that. What is it? Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. Martin. This is, I'm telling you, it's my first time for you to cook something like this in our school eight. It's another, you know, very only shows 2 or 4. Sweet potatoes and you know Kr nords. produce some chemistry with theagers in the sky. Everyday it's awesome! How long does it take? So this is energy! It's not just 803 but that's where you are. And for real years you took 1000 pounds, right! I'm going to apply it. And then it's not about a lot of colors. Microdole. I said I'll just stick that in one of the side rooms and pretend that I didn't waste all that money buying it. Shmuck, that's me. You're looking to mirror and I say shmuck. Del Rey Beach, hello. I'm your head on. Okay sir. The last college is full of my thunder with the Martin. It's pretty funny for a black entertainment show. But why do we have to have a quota on how many holios and how many spartures and how many everything else we have to have on television? What kind of nonsense is that? You're looking to think that the leaders, the lot of the NAACP would have more important things to worry about, how many goddamn spartures TV shows we've got coming on this fall? Oh god, it's kind of a fantasy. You know all these illiterate people running around, reproducing like rabbits and this guy's worried about the sitcoms going to be on TV this fall. Have you heard or seen of the BETF the black entertainment? Sure. Of course. You know, the scientists are getting up on them. If we had a wrong white polling award show, our white polling TV show, our station, how do you think they'll go over? Well let me ask you this. You're talking about how about MTV and much music. They both had these segments. These rap segments were 99% of the videos that they showed during those hours are however long they do. They're all black artists. Now what would happen if they had segments on there where they only had white artists singing? They definitely think it would be screaming foul. Maybe they have an nervous crap. Hey, you know what happens to my TV when that comes on? They go off. Hey, can I call it somebody to dispag? Yeah. I'm the... Okay. Thank you. Yeah, let's have a quote. Let's have so many shows with Jews on it. Let's have so many shows with Fags on it. Let's have a... How about Chinese shows? Are we going to try and eat shows? No. How about you were Slavians? No. No. What the hell's wrong? They've had all those problems over there that had to go through living hell. Do we have any shows to appease them? No. And like I said, I love Lucy. We run through Hispanic shows? No. He's all better to shape about that too, by the way. The NAACP guy. He chewed that in too. Like he really cares about that. Would you do that? Here's a mobile in dear field Beach. Shall I? Yeah. Hey, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I'm a beautiful day. I'm on... When will we have to call my boss? And that's what that other guy said. It's a beautiful day. That's what the whole culture was the same star, push. No, listen. I'm on my way up to quit my job and come across the douche bags. So I am having a good day. Good. Anyway, I just want to vent a little bit and click if you listen. You're a phag, I hope you choke on your lunch. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. He says he hopes you choke on it and your lunch too is what he said. So come this. No. But Neil Roger shows. Two sports for you. That's a double region. Now, as you say. The double region. It's a bunch of... It's Friday. You first, blue. And it's been going to crap. So the lovely Jason, by the way, from our sports producing department. Just walks in here. And this is just before my lunch is going to arrive from Chuck. I'm ready to up-chuck at this point. I mean, it's one thing to be timely. Okay. That's great. Okay. It fits right in with the topic of conversation. And that great article I had from the Toronto star. The scoop on. But do we really have to get quite that graphic? You know, I've talked about this before. I'm not one of those people who has the need. I'm not saying that I don't look, especially when it feels like maybe I've had one of those championship bananas that you're supposed to have. Those four times in my life. That's once every 12 years, 14 years. But I'm not one of those people who feels compelled to look behind me to see what I've left behind in the bull before I set it on its merry way down the plumbing. But evidently, Jason is one of those people who is obsessed with that. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, Jason. But when you have a hook like that, it usually means hookworm is what it usually tells you. He thought it was a J. It was a hook as in hookworm. He brings in a poor ride of a beautiful, lovely, perfect turd in the shape of a J. In the shape of a J. You turd? Yeah. He could have taken that to the county fair. Now, of course, you really have to stop and wonder. Again, it's right in the middle of the lunch hour, 12, 30 and a half noon. I don't want to get too obsessed with this ex-curatory activity here. But one has to really wonder how one eliminates a long turd in the shape of a J. I wouldn't be surprised on Monday if he brings one in the shape of the letter B. That would be kind of interesting. Huh? Yeah. And right to learn Tuesday, he brings one in in the shape of the letter Q, which I think will really be fascinating. Yeah. And on Wednesday, when he brings in one in the shape of the letter M, I'll put that soup. Yeah. Alpha, that soup. There you go. Give me an M. Oh, you J. Oh. God. Give me a break. People think it's wanting to look, but to take pictures of it. This I will grant you. See, I tell you, every day we learn something new one is shown. It wasn't enough that we had all that fantastic, very valuable information about our bodily functions and the B.M. etc. And so on, and sticking and floating, etc. And banana shaped and caramel colored. But now we actually have people taking photographs of their own movements. Here's Miami, hello. No. Yes, sir. I don't know. Okay. The XBR is not the passing. What's the answer? You get the repair. 53. Awesome. There are put the output junction to these. Yeah. Okay. I'll read a game with the regular direct view TV. No. I've had one for years, and I wouldn't change it for anything. What an XBR? Yeah. It's a great set. Oh, yeah. You can get them at Sound and BISO. I know they put shit on my, they don't have them. They're not that new figure. Which is an excellent look at TV too. Yeah. You know, it's flat screwing tights. Mm-hmm. Don't help big do they make those? 37. I see that. I want mine big. Yeah. Once you've had a real big screen, you don't want to go back and watch it. It looks like you're watching a posted stamp. Yeah. That's too far as viewing goes, but you know, the picture quality still doesn't direct you out. Okay. Well, anybody says that they're going to be pretty tough to beat the XBR though. That's right. That's right. I just didn't think exactly this. You can retry it in there in the bottom part of the talk. Yeah. And I'm, um, MTV 2. That's 90, like 95%. Why rocker roll? That's why they got the MTV 2. Yeah. I don't call it what? White. Oh, no. But that's why the MTV 2 exists. But it sucks. Well, if you want to watch this crazy rocker roll out day, that's what that is. Yeah. Like I said, it sucks. Okay. Thanks. Thanks, pal. MTV 2. That's just, uh, oh, god. It's kind of like that. Jay, the Jason just brought in. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boiton V. Hey, Neil. Going back away is, uh, and it's hard to remember, but I think Amy said Andy wasn't too bad. Uh, but the real reason I called. I'm an airline pilot. Uh, get not an airplane the other day. Not American. Nope. Oh, well. That's the sky Nazis. They sure have had some problems lately, boys. Smoke gets in your eyes. Smoke gets in a cabin. I just don't every time you turn around. Americans got another problem. Hey, stuff happened. Anyway, I'm getting out of airplane. There's a nicely dressed, uh, African American, African American gentleman getting on the airplane with me and, uh, Nice pair of slacks, nice sculpture. I'm sure it says, uh, little logo. The, uh, black American pilots association of America. I wonder what would happen if we started a white. Airline pilots association of America. Uh, how long you got it? Yeah. Anyway, I just want to get your spin on that. Let's know that there is a black pilot association of America. They're maybe all the way to try and join that thing and see how far we get. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. How about the gay pilots association. In fact, maybe we can have a head of a sexual five-dependent union. Order to be like four members in that. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18-T Wireless line. Yeah, buddy, nebence, my close personal friend of the Sun Sentinel. Somebody just backed me. This was already a clip out of the paper. But thanks for reminding me. Cochure inspections challenge. Lawyer says program is unconscionally is right by the way. San fields who was a non-practicing Jew, a Fort Lutterdale lawyer. Political strategist and Kermugian says. Cochure inspections by government are uncosher and unconscionational. But on Thursday, a Broward Advisory Committee rejected an hour-long argument from fields that county cochure inspections violate the separation of church and state. He is absolutely correct. If they want to have like somebody from the rabbinical council or whatever. It is go around inspecting the chickens and the meat all the other and peeing on it or whatever. It is they do. That's their business. But they have the county, reneg government agency, spending money to go around to make sure Who's being naughty and nice and what's really kosher and what isn't. Is totally unacceptable. But of course, Broward being terrified and pantering to the old Jewish population. They're the old Orthodox are saying, Oh, boy. But out. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18-T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good show, man. One thing that I like to say is that the NAACP just tried to hard not to be black. But just to be professional niggers. It's one thing to be African-American or being black or whatever. And another thing is trying to do so by being a complete nigger. Yeah. You know, that's the bottom line. And whether you have the Cuban fault nations and the white American rights and black. That's right. The more they try to put it, you know, to make everybody the same, they more they separate from each other. You know, being black is what you are. No, you have to be. Okay. So that's it. Okay, like nothing. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. But nobody said no, light enough. Five, six, seven, five, sixty and pound five, sixty on the 18-T. And then you can find the Hank Wilbur show with two, six of the clocked on a B-talking baseball. Six thirty are pregame. The Marlins who pulled one out last night and anybody excited about that. No. But they'll be added again in Toronto with a 705 tonight. Whether you're ready or not. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yeah, I knew how you doing. Okay. Yeah. As a black man, I think the, I just want to make a few points here. I think the whole thing that, that your white collar is missing is that. You know, I don't know, maybe you guys haven't been around long enough. But white people put up with a lot of crap. Yeah. I know in this country. Okay. Yeah, I'm so happy. You're losing some of the gays and so many other minorities. All right. Well, well, still, the fact of matter is that the NAACP is saying that, you know, more black people watch television during the prime time hours and white people. Well, what does that have to do with the don't black people like each spaghetti? Yeah, but what, what's the, don't black people drink milk? You're, but still, you're, you're missing the points. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. People who are missing. I heard, you know, on the television, not seeing any black shows. What do we, what do we, what do we, what do we do to make shows or black or not? And the point of the point is that you're not responding to my question. What differences, that make what are the people on the programs are black or not if they're good programs? Who cares? Well, you're, you're also saying that black people are out there reproducing like rabbits and that we're running wild too. I didn't say running wild. I said reproducing like rabbits. But we have a lower birth rate than both the Asians and this bandics in the country. How about white people? What about white people? Lower birth rate? No, we don't. Oh. But does that mean we're reproducing like rabbit? How about literacy rate? But is that our fault? Well, I mean, is as, as, as someone is, as well. And as far as, as far as, I'm concerned the NAACP should be a hell of a lot more worried about the quality of education that young black people are getting. and the kind of job that young black people are qualified for as opposed to worrying about what TV programs we got on. And actually, what should be the job that people that turn TV off and go out there and read a book, that would be more productive. Yeah, but our fault of the government doesn't give black schools enough money to to put out decent equipment for students to learn to hire good teachers. Yeah. And let me ask you this when you, I mean, we could get into a real long because I get really worked up a lot of this stuff. When you talk about different neighborhoods and what happened in the schools that curie rate in degenerate because a lot of people move to the suburbs and the white kids around the school and it becomes mostly a get-a-wide school. Let me ask you something, why do people move out of those neighborhoods? Are they all racist? No, but not all racist. Well, what happens to the neighborhood? The fact of the matter is that a lot of white people today think that just black people are nothing but don't push and get a well and anybody who thinks that is a moron. And I never said that, but I'm talking about why do people move to do decent non-vigated people move out of neighborhoods? Because they're going to crap. But is that black people's fault no? Who's called is it? You know, it's not every black person's fault that you know, maybe 5% of the population is out there dealing drugs and shooting each other. Who's fault is it that neighborhood that were once lived in by a lot of very wealthy people when black people move into those neighborhoods and large numbers? Who's fault is it that those neighborhoods often deteriorated during the slums? Is that white people's fault? Is that the same thing? Is that the black people's fault? Yes, it is. It's whoever's living there's fault. That's correct. Why is it their fault, though? But who else is responsible for it? Did the dog do it? Who else is responsible? Yeah, but also it has to do with the fact that a lot of white people just don't want live next to black people. Sir, you're full of baloney. People I have black people in my neighborhood as long as people are able to keep their houses up and live like decent human beings. Most white people, most any people don't care about that. People don't want to live in the home. You know, you know, I'm not talking about fact. I'm talking about it. I'm talking about it. Have a nice day. You can't deal with the fact, okay? You can't deal with reality. I'm not interested back in the 60s and the 50s. I'm talking right now. And I can take you on a tour of North Lake County. I can take you on a tour of parts of the city of Detroit for friends of my youth. I'm going to do used to live. And what today would be million dollar houses and mansions that are all black neighborhoods. Now that I've deteriorated, that are slums. Now, who's fault was that, sir? Did I do it? Did the Jews do it? Who did it? And where is this business about taking responsibility for your own behavior again? What ever happened to that? But this guy, he's got an area. It's everybody else's fault. It's not our fault. Get a brain. Get an education. You sound like a bright guy. You ought to understand that. 19-1 at 5.62 a.m. Selection service and a whole lot of savings. What you get when you shop at a plant's TV. If I had any relation with John Peanus, if I had a sales guy who took care of me, who had any kind of communication with us other than crap, I would have probably called our good friends at a plant's TV. And now, what up with the crappy TV set? This is G Gordon Litty. And they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. I took a course on the e-founder. They say the future needs to be signed for me. Now I can't get no job. Those eyes don't get no electricity. I've spoken like a non-seek room. The bond is exhausted, how is this way? Now I can't do nothing. But I heard it's sad, is that okay? Change my name to shoot through. Drive it through, send the code to any kind of land. I remember when I was a student, all the white men's cars hanging outside, the building there bar, round the blues, our father's teeth. White tables got snowed, y'all posing and crying and sad. Photobomic, you see my mouth of change. Now I have to go in cell mode, record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Not even a bar is song. I've got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. Play the pool sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You wanna try and get me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at all white men. Feel the first and fuller hair. Then I go on a taste of money. I'm a stereo and a fridge at there. I remember when I was a student, all the white men's cars hanging outside, the building there bar, round the blues, our father's teeth. White tables got snowed, y'all posing and sad. Photobomic, you see my mouth of change now. I got to go in cell mode, record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Got to go in cell mode, record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Practicing, track record change. Prop 48 is 5.60 WFUAM. You're a little bit white station for the 90s. That guy just crossed my ass. Everything is everybody else involved. Take responsibility for your own actions. And I'm not talking about you taking responsibility for other people's actions. But how about them? Taking responsibility. And even if all the white people were bigoted, and did not move out of those neighborhoods, how come when you roll back in a few months or in a couple of years? The neighborhood is totally disintegrated and deteriorated. And so many of the businesses have closed up or moved out. Why is that? For all those people in business who had invested year. I think of like when I lived in the North Sea, that the year goal in the Lades there. Mary's restaurant. God was that a great place. Anybody here long enough to remember Mary's? No, of course not. Remember the sub center would chuck across the street, because that's going to be how you do in Chuck. Thank you sir. But I mean, Mary's closed up. Why did that neighborhood change? Because the residents change. Because the complex of the neighborhood changed. Chuck's stay-cast. They're on 441 up in Latter Hill. Or that's still plantation on the, or whatever that is on the west side. Long gone. And why? Because it's a change in neighborhood. Have you seen the condition of that neighborhood? It must be somebody else's fault. Everything is everybody else's fault sir. Here's a mobile and dear field beach, Ella. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I was calling to tell you, I don't, I can't understand what Jeb Bush and the majority of these state governments have against her is raising. I, I four or five years ago, I went up the Fox Pearl and the state had give the race tracks up their lottery ticket to stop the track and they keep to keep the money. Yeah. Well, they wasn't planning on what it was going to produce. They've had a producing millions. So here comes some politicians who said, well, they're very trash can't have this money. If he's going to build roads at schools, so they took away from the track. Well, for 40 years, how many roads of the school is it? Are you facing a build? It was one of the most overtax sports in the country. Yeah. So why won't Bush give the track this lot to the house, because he's anti-gambling. You're asking me, or is it a rhetorical question? Because he's a goodie to issues. Because he's a funny, funny board again. He's a crap. That's why. So you go at home business, die often. That's right. That's correct. That is correct. Just like his predecessor would, you can mention trials, you can mention Bush, and Buddy McCabe wouldn't have been a different either. Because you deal with all a bunch of red and the excess four to politics. There are a bunch of crackers. I guess per se, we didn't hear it because they're playing with their players because they're they don't care about our safety. The time sport, pal. I hate to break the news. Because I love it. But it's a dying sport. And you don't have to bring up one more thing. Huckham is no Indian shows. Everybody else wants to play in ballroom. Good point. We don't even have a loan range. You're back. Excellent point. Let's bring Tato back. What does looks really good? Stake T's and onions to bed you're not hungry. What? I'm not. Okay. I know. Whatever. Great way to lose weight. Whatever you say. Maybe I have to. You're always sick anyway. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're the most. You're an aggressive girl. And I'm not talking about calling in sick, but just you just are not a healthy person. That is true. You're full crap. Well, that's besides the point. But I got to. J working. Hey, I got to. I got my whole life. Yeah, I got a monigando. The alpha that working after I just weigh lunch from Cho. Go but the sub center on the corner. 4.4.1 190, not the great place boy, they're great. Well, this is good. Thank you so much. So even if you're not hungry, you least you came up with a good idea for my lunch. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Yes sir is this party talk yeah party talk hey I was gonna I was gonna talk about a story You know you're talking about looking at your your thing and all and the porcelain Yeah, look at my thing pretty depressing I had to check and clocking all the time because it's true that You know if you're fitting all what you eat you know that's how you tell up here if you're healthier not inside if you're eating the right stuff Yeah, but I And also you healthy most most of the time fortunately is But you know I you know I can tell you know I can tell when I drop my load in the bucket You know, yeah, but It was something to pick sure one and can show it to you. Yes, I have a picture of one in my house Okay, great well set it right over I'm right on our second bite of lunch, okay, and we got third talk Second bite of lunch. It's a delicious lunch. You're I got nice perfect thatkins lunch Slice steak onions cheese melted all through it delicious nice going chuck they even sprinkled garlic on it Oh, and even a little garlic on it too, which will make me really have a beauty I wouldn't be surprised if it's a D Yeah, you watch I'm gonna bring in pictures next week on Monday. It's gonna be a D who's with a D In fact, hey, that's an idea. What we're gonna do from now on because we got some people who got really bad stomachs in this place anyway Don't flush Of course some people don't need the advice just don't flush in there next time you relieve yourselves that he arrest room here And what we'll do is have Jason right around with his Polaroid camera and we'll take pictures of it. Okay. Who cut the K? Who cut the T? Excellent Here's a lady mobile an aventura hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, Neil Did my first time calling? One of the just talk about a couple things that you'd brought up number one my husband is one of your disciples Great, so he gets me listening to you all the time I'd ride yes, but you're staying here first of all I was listening to your conversation about battle of movement And I got this great device for everybody to hear about that I actually got from the lady who does my Colonics call the squatter So when you sit on the toilet Yeah, actually lift your feet up so people don't have to grunt because when people shun that's obviously how they get Hemorrhays a lot at the time and If you're interested, I could tell you more about it It lifts your feet up. Yeah, in other words in other words the way people in a mirror And I have never grunted in my life taking a bomb I have been in public restrooms and I hear these guys grunting and I wonder what they're really doing in there I've never grunted and during a bomb will win in my life I've had some excruciating bomb movements, but I've never grunted Well the whole purpose of this is if you look at how in third world countries people go to the bathroom They squat so in essence that is a normal posture to be able to put your snowy We're talking about your colon being in a straight position instead of curved around like a course Instead of being kinky yeah Exactly We won't go into that place. I hope not But anyway, so you put this device and it actually just lifts your feet or your knees up higher Yeah, you don't have to work. You've been using one of those for years If they like they're usually up in the air, but anyway, but anyway, I'm ticker Ricky Martin But right in it, so I just wanted to say that but one other thing is I'm a Native self-luridian grew up in Miami Beach and live in North Stade and guess where I'm trying to do Why is that? Well the exact same reason that you just meant because your neighborhood is turning into a toilet You know something in all fairness. I don't necessarily think it's about black and white I really think it's about economic level Because if the areas got older people that could only forward cheaper houses have moved into this area And then don't have the money to upkeep it and it creates a cycle where people that have the money and I'm I think I'm a millionaire, but I have the money to move I've nothing on my mind, but escaping from here and going somewhere else Yeah, and that's the plight of what's happened in the inside the fact I can't stand a town He just like what you talk about all the time right? So anyway, I just want to do share my thoughts with you and That's it. Oh, okay. Keep those legs up in the ears. We don't Okay, okay, bye It's the water to the lala It's time for church The show that gets to what's really deep down inside of you and now here's your host Colin Cornwallons Good evening. I'm Colin Cornwallas your host and welcome to third talk The little winds are already lit up. So let's just get right down to the phones And let's see who's on number two. It's Steve Steve you're on the air. Hi Colin. I'm a first time caller Well, right we got a little something for you Steve hang on So let's on your mind. Well, I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show and Hold on. Let me get to vapor here. Okay. I'm back. So your wife loves the show. That's great. Tell me Steve You're wiping right now, aren't you? Yes, I am okay. When you wipe do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke? I think I prefer a forward stroke is a matter of fact the wife was just saying oh What's the matter? I think I just ripped the paper. Oh, okay. How well did you get to wipe? Well, I got it pretty good. Okay. Do you feel any pressure under your fingernails? Yeah, yes, I do. Oh boy remain calm. You're having what we call a push through. Did you get any penetration? I think so. Okay. Just do as I say and everything's going to be okay. Now is there any clothing on the bathroom floor? You want to look for something. Dock color. Okay. Let me see now pull your finger out nice and slow So you don't get a flicking effect. Okay. Okay. Is your finger out Steve? Yes. Now the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger Is has anybody in the house really made you mad today? No, they haven't okay. Go ahead and wipe it off Steve Oh, thank you Colin. Keep it the good work. Well, you are welcome. And thanks for listening That's all the time we have for now until the next year. I'm Colin Cornwallis. This has been turned to the show They get down to what you're really made up Okay, it's about a chapter one at five 60 W QA and five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Yeah, I'll be going buddy. Okay, sure That's a Friday tea. I just want to call and respond to that other gentleman they call and I just like to comment I grew up in the Miami Fort Waterdale area and I'm a professional in Fort Waterdale and most of the neighborhoods I grew up were in pre-dominally black areas of Miami and I don't have to disagree that the problem is solely related to Some of the inner city schools. I would have to say that in the inner city schools which I attended most of the cases Were that they had better equipment and teaching Represented in some of the predominantly white schools and it seems that in some cases that they they make cater to inner city public and in those and those avenues and and respond to what he said about it's far getting good teachers You know like you said a lot of times neighborhood will go south and You know these people start moving into the neighborhoods white black whatever color they may be and The neighborhood starts to go down and I think like I'll personally that that they fear for their safety And that's why they can't get better teachers and so why is that why do you think that is is that the white people small? No, it's not it's not the white people's fault at all if anything it's up to the individual Decay enough about themselves of the human being to want something better for themselves and strive to do something different like you said Pick up read about go to school try to do something To better yourself rather than you know It's an easy way out to just to take back and point fingers at all the white man's fault Oh, it's a government's fault and instead of pointing looking at me or and say hey, it's my fault Amen. That's that's all the material I have me Okay, I have a good weekend by you too All right, my as we have one I was living over there run what I was the name of that joint I don't want to mention it because of either one one Right up done sunrise where I had the drug dealer live in a couple of doors where I'm right next door One that Miranda No definitely not check a random Was it me for no wasn't me for or what I'd made like to court whatever was And a day right I had a guy that was a drug pedal live in next door I told you all the stories that we tell him on the air about this guy coming home and staggering and trying to aim the key at the uh at the keyhole And about all the strange cars that used to come and go in the trash that used to drive around and hang out in the neighborhood and buy their drugs from this guy And then I get a call on they'll guess what your former neighbor he's dead Never made it to 40 by the way And we have a crack house not too far for Riley of either which I'm not gonna talk about specifically on the air because I've had you my safety but nevertheless So what isn't just a racial thing but when you've got scumbags when you got people and have no kind of values Who are drug dealers who are sick pathetic people living in your neighborhood the quality of lifestyle school and downhill and people starts flying out Just simple as that So don't blame somebody else For moving out People want to live in a reasonably safe rational neighborhood Here's a mobile and parrine hello Yes, sir Yeah, I'm listening How do I man okay Uh A couple of callers back the lady with absolutely right it is a economic thing About some certain neighborhoods how ever it's a racial thing too Why would all the white people move out of the neighborhood if a certain ethnic move in So that make any sense you tell me Well, I think it's all it's racial but however they don't be in other words there are races there are all bigots Yeah, as soon as a couple of black people move in is that why all the businesses move out? I think so you said it you said it with their afraid for their safety it's a perception deal So another somebody that's invested there are entire life in their business is gonna pick up and move Just because of the fact that there are afraid for their safety based on a perception Yes, it happened. I don't believe it. I don't buy it for a minute. Okay You made a statement about the Jews in addition to which how come if people can afford to live in a neighborhood If they can afford to live up to that level how come they can't afford to subsidize those businesses and keep them in business They can't nail because if you look at the bigger picture When they move in the people with the money move out so the lower class people move in and that's when you have the neighborhood deterioration Well, I don't know it doesn't make any sense to me. How did those people afford to buy those pieces of property? And those homes in a first place those photos. How could they afford them because when the white people moved out? But they didn't move out first They didn't move out first. You're putting the chicken before the end No, no, what I'm saying there was certain certain ethnic movements in and then when they see that they go all March They're going to neighborhood and they move out Neil You know I don't know that. I think you're crazy. Okay, well, listen you mentioned about the suffering and then and the Jews Supper in this country and in the Hispanic and in it's no ethnic group suffered more countries decide the black man Then the Indian yeah, you agree with that. Yes Okay, now Neil who suffered more up than the Indians in the black person? What is this another one of these comparative misery game? No, but what I'm saying because you'll let's make a quesio out of it No, what I'm saying to you we would have these problems if everybody treated everyone at individual What's the problem? They don't you know So this is why the NWSEP you think why can't we have equal representation on the television ever? What difference does that make who cares about what's on the television that works who gives a crap about that? People don't respect black people more because we have more Jefferson shows on TV or more times It shouldn't make it this anymore that black people like white people anymore because we got all of the family or whatever We got on our side felt it doesn't make it it's that television is meaningless It shouldn't make television is crap Right, but yes, and then you have a call to say we have a The bad one network if people like that That's why this place is screwed up Neil. Yeah. Well, they're way you expect to the aren't people out there like that? You know why can't we see people as people and not ethnic? There you go that's what I always say that's that's my philosophy, but I'm a two in me and that's it But you know like like I told George earlier. I grew up in a Hispanic neighborhood Yeah everybody treat everybody's human beings. You know I just don't understand it. You know it's not here a lot of White people calling it whoa and when I see a movie and I get rid of the whole man or whatever Exactly that's the whole point that's the point Why can't you get to know the individual yeah? All right, okay, I've agreed to of course sometimes you don't want to get to know what's up end of a gun But five six seven all five six. Do you want to not a friendly way to meet you know? I've got a lot of stress pound five sixty on the mobile one line Gordon gets out Florida a major blow job mob Yeah It Damn And tonight, would I be the star of the movie outside? Men don't get me, and all they need, They're gonna ask them me. They want to grab it, grab it all, In the field, I'm all of us, We do have a man, We will be with us in the best we will And we will have a little cash with a big host And I'll give you a big hug Yeah! Or should have a pop of it, you'll tell you that, What am I here to thank for Mike, who's getting a little bit chronic on a fact machine, but thank you for the information. Who says he was on his way to the studio to pick up tickets for the charity basketball game, as you're wondering, hang show, but there's a major traffic jam on a pulmeto from northwest of the third street in highly of the Coral Way, and doubling yourself as a courting leader. There you go, another trip, every goddamn day this week, every day this week, there's been a traffic nightmare. Even with a half-the-town out of town, they still can't drive it straight and a car either. So anyway, speaking of a great answer, let's go to Miramar, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, listen, I've been listening to your show and I always agree with you on everything, but I'm kind of confused about your attitude about the communities. And my question is, have you ever heard the term white flight? Yeah. And what do you think that means? That means white people moving out when black people move in. Why? Why? Why people are a bunch of open-minded equivalopereens? Some of them aren't some of them aren't. Because some of them are terrified of what's going to happen to their property value, and what's going to happen to their neighborhoods. Well, he would happen to some of the people, I'm a little bright. You know, let me ask you something. Does it all happen like overnight? In other words, is it neighborhood all white on Friday? And then after the weekend on Monday, do we wake up and find it all the white people have moved out and all black people have replaced them? No, that's the perception that you're giving like these things. You know, it's not. Yes, because you said you don't pay attention to the 50s, don't pay attention to the 60s, we're about today. Well, they all happen today. It didn't just happen today. Yeah. So, what happens is, let's say a couple of black people who are accomplished. You did together well enough that they can go to a nice neighborhood. And all of them is one of the living in nice neighborhood. So they moved in so the white white people, the bigots, they moved out. They don't care about it. They don't care about it. They don't care about it. Everybody moved out. They'd be black, that's what. Yeah. Okay. So now what happens is everybody else sees that all of these people are selling their houses. What happens to the price of the house in some place where there's plenty of demand and not many buyers. They drop. Okay. So as soon as they drop, then more of the black people are in a position to be able to afford the American dream. So, I'm going to be able to... It's about the American dream. I could tell you about neighborhoods like Palmer Woods and Palmer Park in Detroit, where I had friends when I went to college who used to live in neighborhoods where all millionaires lived. Those homes today would be worth in the two and three million dollar range. And believe me, they didn't all move out overnight. And over a period of just a few years, not only have they been replaced by black people, the entire neighborhood is a slum. Homes that were multi-million dollar homes have been turned into a ghetto and was slum. It's dead, but the white people who lived there, if they just stuck in there. No, what about the people who stayed there? What about the people who lived there and the way that they choose to live, sir? The people who lived there now? Yes. What happens is the prices drops below that these buildings... Sir, I've got news for you. No, Schlepper's couldn't ever afford to buy those houses. What happens is they think they can't afford to keep them up. They don't realize that because the prices are low. Okay, sir. Well, I'll tell you, you're one of the greatest apologists ever heard in my life. On this phone apology, it's just, you know, it's just the way things go. Sir, I'm going to tell you something. You choose to keep your neighborhood the way you want to keep it. And if you have any pride in any self-respect, you keep it in a respectable way. Well, you'd like to. You would? How do you know? Are you my reader? You are one individual, can't. No, I'm not. Sir, you are subjected to the will of the group. And the will of the group is that we're going to live in a slum. Well, when the bigots are on the route, there's a pretty big... Okay, thank you, sir. You've said that 15 times, okay? All the bigots have moved out. My psychotic hysterical liberal friend living in the past. You're right. You are living in the 50s and 60s. We've had more than ample time for people to start seeing the difference between a force and the force and the tree. Okay? And don't give me a song in a dance about how slippers came and bought these... And just a thought of it as ludicrous for anybody who knew that neighborhood or many other neighborhoods that were all around the city's all across the country. If you want to live in a neighborhood that's a slum and you want to behave in a certain way that traces people out, believe me, it's going to be very effective. Here's a mobile-in-four-later-dale, hello. Hello? Sir? Hey, you know how you do on today? Okay. Let me just see you, but there's a lot of times I agree with you, a lot of times I've done a great with you and I've been listening to you for over 20 years. Yes, sir. But a lot of these call us today, excuse me, or for a crap. You don't mind me saying... Well, we don't have a lot of crap talking to them. For a simple reason why I have a law suit depending on me because of discrimination from Howard County. For a simple reason I did not rent a home to a Jamaican couple. The reason why I did not rent a home to a Jamaican couple was because they were... ...sallian welfare, food stamps, etc. Yaman, he did not work. She worked as a tenth making $6.60 an hour. I was asking $940 a month to rent. Two days later, I get a phone call from Howard County Section 8. And I figured what the heck is Section 8? The gentleman tells me that he helps subsidize some pays for people's rent. They help them out. May I come and look at your house? Young. I said, sure. Come on over. He looks at it and he says, well, listen. If you take the family room and you close off, put a door here and a door here, you can ask a thousand dollars a month rent. I says, well, yeah, your pump is right. He says, well, tell me what? You close off the two doors, the room. So, I ask these people a thousand dollars a month rent. For Howard County Section 8 will pay you $941 every month out of taxpayers' money, no directly to me. And a couple of the reason this home only has to come up with $59 a month of their own money. I ran him out of my house because I told him how I could vote two or three yards for $59 a month and live here for a thousand bucks. Yeah. Now, I refuse to rent. I am now being sued for discrimination by this couple and affectionate program in Howard County. Nice. So, we don't really matter for $59 a month. You can move into a thousand dollar home. And we don't have to work. So, what these colors are talking about is because they're falling for anybody's thought, except we're paying taxes and we're electing these damn politicians that keeps this crap up. Unbelievable. I mean, I wouldn't move into a place for $1,000 and I only had to come up with $59 a month. Yeah, I'm good to me. So, you can't blame these people for moving into so-called good neighborhood. Well, nothing not a bad case, not a nut in your case. Good luck, you pal. I appreciate it. Don't take any crap. I'll tie nut. Okay. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miramar. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Two things. One, the five-year-of-people moving into these homes and thinking that they can afford them when they can't. They're getting a mortgage. They're in there. I would think that once they're in the homes and and and and that they keep each person kept up their own home, whether it's black, white, green, or purple, unable to be fine. That's the first issue. The second issue is the bush thing. Did you hear on the radio about him putting these stringent floors about accepting gifts etc. He went and got the Super Bowl tickets like two days later or three days later. Yeah. Ten thousand hundred dollars. Yeah. Did you talk about it? I didn't talk about it. I mean, what's the point? He's a crook. I mean, he's a crook. What's the point? The former mayor of Plantation is a crook. Just the more you tell people that these people are crooks maybe one day. It'll it'll make it the show. Okay. Hold your breath. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Watch out for that. Hold in the hole. Okay. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Yeah. I'm going to change the world here, baby. I'm going to keep telling them over over again. Just keep wrap it on this thing all year long. Like Manage says, is that going to do it? No. No. I'm going to change Man kind here on some stupid ass talk show. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Come here and compete for it on equal footing with everybody else and stop their ability crying and whining and leaning on the government and blaming everybody else. Oh, so are you racist out there who want to live in a decent neighborhood? Well skews us, okay? Excuse me. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Selah. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. My wife and I have been long and myers of our year show and fill hundred in George forever. Are you sure? Yeah. I'd like to comment on something with gentleman before we're talking about in my building, there was two black dirtieras that moved in and... Who won? Two black dirtieras. That's good. That's a good dice. Yeah, speaking English, pal. No, I'm going to ask for you. Okay, I'll give you the pun. Okay, I'm sorry. And everybody was in an uproar and the owners... That sold to them were under tremendous pressure by the other owners, not to. And it definitely drove the valley down of the place, but they were... I mean, they were nice people. I mean, we were the... The idea of the place down because there were two lesbians living there. Yeah, well, you just see... Phase based on what? Maybe it's certain that you're a relation. I mean, because a lot of people just, you know, they dip, they just took off. They sold as soon as they saw that... That president being set there. Well, that's interesting to me. I'd look at places like Beverly Hills and coconut... Grove down here and places where Jesus... ...whether gay people living in large numbers didn't seem to drive the property value down. Right, but I think it was the combination of both that they're just right in everybody. They were like black Hispanic... And a black anti-spanic and the dice. Right. Woo! Trifecta. Man, they're in worship in the name. Okay, thanks for the good news. Alright. Okay. Okay, watch out for those dice, baby. Of course, now that we got to WNBA coming at town... She's not a member of the Federal Special Persuasion. Prathedral records is proud to present the Elvis album, everyone's been waiting for it. It's Elvis in Seattle. And I owe my lose real and real. From the mouse of the goddamn, I'm getting hungry. Here it is. Give me a cheese for my hand. And see if the girl's got to let the loser on you. I'm getting hungry. That's right. The King of Rock and Roll is playing the King's home. And you've got a front road ticket. A little Jeremy spoke. And class today, Elvis. Covers all the crazy atleast. Pearl Jam, Soundgun and the one that started it all. They're gone now. No man. I'm a lot of... Mama's feet. Mama's feet. Oh, Elvis is playing. And Rock and Seattle. Only one. Prapital records in tea. Man's for Gato. There's some jito. Hands and pose. Man for trade. Oh. What are you all doing? You're welcome at 5.60 WCU. I'm the hangover show at 2 o'clock. I'm getting ready to go home pretty soon. And take a look at that crappy new TV I got. Why am I depressed about that? Well, hey, a sucker is born every minute. And that goes to show you what happens when you trust other people. And you're not discriminating. And you don't take the time when you're lazy. And you don't take the time to shop and get what you want. Which I'm the worst. I am the absolute worst. I have no sales resistance. I walk in. What do you got? And then it'll be a bit lucky. You know, like with cars. I go up to Loub background. And here's what you got. Okay. Or you can generally speak it out to them. I'll come right on and they get it for me. But that's about as much effort. I'm just not one of those people. I want to waste all my time running around. And of course, if we had anybody here that would, Gary Sarner is the only, he's the only good guy in the building. Gary Sarner. What? I mean, it's a little bit of a turnaround. But it's true. I'm easy. No, he didn't have to do that. For me, he did it twice. Twice with that camera thing. Nice going, Gary. You find out who your real friends are about 18 months, 20 months later. And then you find out that John Pena sees a real prick. Here's a, uh, Darrell. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. I just embark. I've been doing things to, uh, to out here. I'd like to call her a couple of calls and go, said, uh, look at the man in the mirror. That's basically right there. You know, you can start with my own action, sir. I said, that's what Michael Jackson said. Take a look at that. I'm blaming everybody in everything, but you know what won't change your situation. Right. That's right. Absolutely correct, sir. And I have noticed one thing, I was in the military. It's amazing how the military people actually get together in their communities, like on base housing. Yeah. All the houses are well kept. You know what? You can have all the annual blacks. It doesn't matter who your neighbors are. Everybody respects everybody because of the attitude. Right. And you know, uh, it's basically, uh, there's no power. I could live with anybody, but you're right when somebody starts letting a place, one place go and then another place starts going. You know, it's interesting. A city like Toronto, which I'm always raving about because it's a great city and it really works. And they got four million people there. Now, I will admit that they've got two or three different Chinatowns. And most of the Chinese people there live in those areas. They also have like, um, uh, middle Eastern Pakistanis. But you get on a subway and you go downtown and there's all different kinds of people. There's Middle Eastern people and black people and white and Chinese. And everybody gets along. It's not, it's not like here. And there are no ghettos. I was reading an article a couple of days ago. It said, if you went out of your way to look for a ghettos in Toronto, you couldn't find one. It doesn't exist. Yeah. No, it's a, I noticed one thing that diversity strategy isn't working. Everybody's basically fragmented. Nobody wants to know about anybody else and everybody's in their little groups, which basically in essence is voluntary segregation. Right. And another thing I still say, I mean, that one guy really pisses me off that guy that was given me his little song and his answer about about all the bigots. I don't think everybody is that bigoted that they go into a breaking to a hot sweat as soon as a black person moves into the neighborhood. But when people move in, who don't keep the property up or cause your property values to go down, then of course, people are going to start panicking and they're going to flee. Absolutely. If you get no reason to panic, there is going to be nothing really changes. Right. Your neighbors aren't going to live in their lawn. They're going to be living in the house. You actually don't even see them. If you're lucky. If you're lucky and not two more things quickly, I want to know when I'm going to see more whites in Hispanic television. Exactly. I want to see more Chinese people on channel 23, God, name it on univision. Have a great day, pal. Yeah. And one more thing. Yes. Still Henry is the absolute God. Yeah, but wait a second. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have to have more God than you go sloppy in people on the channel 51. Or we're going to start picking and protesting. How do you like that? We're going to lay down in the middle of the end of the ACP's office. What a crocker crap. Oh, yeah. We don't have enough representation. Yeah. Let's have a lot more will Smith on there. That'll do it. That'll turn things around. Sure. Turn me around real fast to get to remote. So I can go to the next channel. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. 25 minutes and 23 seconds later. And the lady in Miami is gone. Thanks for hanging on sweetheart. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Mobile and tamarack. Hello. How come we don't have a villisher just because he's dead. We're going through to change. We're going through to change. Johnnie Palo up here in tamarack. What happens is they the old people die. Yeah. And the kids shall look for a strong and advanced because they don't care if the Luzon 10, $15,000. And it's just money in the apocalypse. So what happens as time goes by the lower social economic persuasion tends to move in as the price of the house goes on. And then it turns to crap. And eventually. Hello. People people when I had that. That's parks into tamarack. Listen. I'm going to say, uh, the country be good because some of the chronic I have no life in a matter of material. I'll work on it. Okay. Thanks. See you. And I just put that yesterday. I'll work on it. By the way, somebody stole all I could. We were going to have a party with yesterday. So we can't. 560, 50560. Pomp 560. Pomp is probably Jason. In fact, that was probably really not what you thought it was in the toilet. It was just a big J. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm fine. I said, well, you're screaming about. Oh, sorry about there you go. Yeah, I know the cubins are going to go. But, uh, highly, I used to be beautiful. They just don't give a damn. Yeah. I moved out 40 years ago. Yeah. You get 57. It was beautiful. No, I know. You're screaming about. Yeah. Little by little. It's gotten worse and worse. And then the people. It's not an economic thing. Or while we're, people just don't give a damn. You know, I'm out of here. Yeah. I'm going somewhere out. Right. And then eventually, you know, little lady used to be my mishores. That's right. You used to be very happy. That was right. That was beautiful. And, you know, look at it now. But the people are going to remind me of yours. Yeah. For the Haitians. I don't know how to put your ass off. I don't think they're used to be as a deal. But there weren't as many diapers on a lawn back in those days. That's true. That's true. And in closing. Yes. Alex Penelis is a butt sucking asshole douchebag. Okay. Who belongs in jail, by the way, Mayor Pinga? That election is too easy for me yesterday. On the 29th, I just want you to mark that on your calendar and keep it in mind. No. That's the word you need to keep in mind. No. To these allunitics, these great robbers. Why's it been a week? Yes. I'm an alkytan who is your who floats it in two towns. And when I do read the harrels, I just can't put it down. Then all the touring goes move to where they're headed to. I'll try to catch them. In hell near me, I'll also change its name and then do the amnit and the run. And the amnit and the run. This next my tongue will roll over the wall. And it perfects all the time. Where there's no life to this town. Outside of what you need to do, the test. Like robbing a tians and juteing tourists in the hinter her locators, do the arregnated upscore, do the old. It's come with me, then it's in that sore uni do you know. I read the website as a game to black beans for this. And then I wipe my ass and wipe my arro shirt to the amnit and run. You take my tongue. And the amnit and the run. You take my tongue. Very well, that's heavy. I don't believe you. Yes, got into tenor for it. Wow. Wow. Can you? Get the real one. He was like John Voluchy on a bad day. I'm a great person. I love her a crazy way. We're very much alike in certain. Oh, I don't know. I've been along with her. Oh, I guess, you know, it's like the thing with the NAACP. We gotta have some hours of television with them. I'll leave people on there. We can't have just all beautiful people on MTV. We gotta have some ugly people on there. And they're doing it. Just like that, they're roguely got for this. Oh, here's my me like, cello. Hello, near. Yes, sir. Okay. Well, like I listened to the show all the time and I agree with a lot of things you say. And then, you know, I like the fact that you let a person express a bit. I express a bit disagree sometimes. Yeah. You know, what I think is blacks and well to do neighborhoods. The question that I haven't heard you ask blacks and well to do neighborhoods. And there's a few around here in the Miami area. How come the blacks that live in the world to do neighborhoods? Don't move out of the neighborhoods. When other black move in or when other colors move in. Now, if any white people move in the neighborhoods, they don't just pick up and move out. They deal with the scenario. I think if you ask me, one of the biggest criminals in our nation. Basically seems to me to be white people who stole from everywhere around the world. But when the people that they brought to this country, you find that they want to move into that neighborhood, then they get scared and they want to move out because they think the property value goes out. I think a reason why in the black neighborhoods that companies that are the neighborhoods are not repaid. So quickly, once the white people move out and some blacks move in. And because those companies that were there when the white people lived in those neighborhoods, they're not in such a rush to get to the neighborhoods anymore to fix things for the black people that live in the world. And again, if they are white people doing this, the white painters and the white contractors and the black people, and white the black people and black people and black people and black people. And the black neighborhoods, you see the black people in black, black people in their neighborhood, but then all of a sudden they want to get up and run out of the neighborhoods when black move in. They don't have an idea of if those blacks are prominent or if they're not. The spotlight becomes right on the black person. They're high hate to break the news. But when you're in business, the overwhelming majority of rational people in business. If you've got money to subsidize them to help them make a living, they don't care what your skin color is. Well, if you're on either coming in, you buy their crap and you pay the bill. They don't care. Actually, they do care. No, they don't care. The Michael Jordan was a residency was no matter how much he gets up in society. He was still a black person or the inward to the white people who have money. Sir, I mean, I hate to break the news to the sir, but people who consider black people, niggers still think a Michael Jordan is a nigger, okay? No matter how much money you got in a matter of what he gets. So what does that mean? So what does that mean? And in other words, it's only white people who are bigots, white people who are bigots, black folks who are thinking about white people, black people, black people. So in other words, you're saying that there aren't any black racist, is that what you're telling me, Sir, it's only a white thing. Okay, what I said was, that what you're saying, I think that black people do not have, we don't sit around and think about what white people are doing today at a mile. We don't sit around calling you guys all kind of doing that. Oh, Paul, Pat, Paul, go get a go look there, the guy said, look at the mirror and see if Michael is looking over your shoulder. Get out of here with that crap. Why, this is a great lesson, we're laying today. All you kids out there, white people are bad, white people are racist, white people are bigots, black people good, black people aren't racist, black people don't call white people names, you crackers you, you hunkies you. Oh my god, I don't know what it'll ever cry at that. I mean, and then to stop and think that this guy might really believe this fool crap, I he couldn't possibly. But maybe there's a possibility that he's so brainwashed that he's got himself so blocked off from reality that he really believes this crap. So only all the white people, you're the evil white bastard, don't you understand you get it? Here's a mobile and David, hello. There, oh, excuse me, can you hear me? I hear you. I just want you to question for you off track, you could have been hung off out of my car. Why is this the current TV? I might. I just got it, they just brought it this morning. Right, but if you think you're unhappy with it, I'm sure everybody's got at least a seven day minimum. Right, I think from the back. I'm right, I'm just saying you're going to put it in another room to get yourself. Yeah, you're right. I'm just too easy, and I'm just too much of a pushover. Oh, alright, well, I tell you. Okay, you're right. Thank you. Your phone's crap and I'll put thank you. Return the phone. No, he's right. I'm not going to sit back if it turns out that TV's a piece of crap and just keep it for crying a lot. I got a good deal on it, but who'd I want to piece of crap for a good deal? What's the point? What's the big deal? You know, I was telling George, we were thinking back to those first days when we came into downstairs on a second floor and started on a station a year ago, I December 30th. And we needed a TV set to have some contact with the outside world, and we needed a satellite dish. And so Jeff Cohen brought us in the TV set with the built in VCR and our people at the satellite place called digital world satellite. Digital world satellite were kind of up to donate to us. The satellite receiver and the dish, the small dish. Because we had, you know, told months and months ahead while I was in limbo now working and getting paid by a passion. Months ahead we told them exactly what we needed. Oh yeah, no problem. The sales department, they'll take care of it. They'll trade out. They'll get you a TV. They'll get the dish today. Okay. Oh, no, they didn't do it. Would they have done it now? No, no, they still wouldn't have done it. In fact, if you recall the only reason when they moved into this studio over here, the sports people is that I am various Greg Rees by threatening to reach into my own wall and buying them a small dish. And he finally came in just like he did with Duffin is desk. That's the kind of guy that I'm working for. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, a guy who is so cheap. Who's got all of the bees leaves money and all of his wife's money, all that money, all those millions. But it's such a cheap prick that I have to threaten to pay myself for something that doesn't even have anything to do with me in order to get him to go ahead and get it. Things that have to do with doing business. I remember that like it was yesterday. In fact, remember we had already made the deal. We had called up and arranged for the thing all of a sudden out of nowhere Greg was embarrassed and wouldn't know if it was a satellite to sit in there. Which, of course, he made George Corso and Stahl because he wasn't going to pay somebody a few bucks for installation, God forbid. Cheap prick. And ever since then, why should I assume that other than my good friend, Jerry Sarner anybody else in this building who's going to, well, you know, hook me up with any of our accounts, any of our good clients. We got good sponsors on this station. But I wind up going where I know people were treated me good over the years because if I go to John P.S., you know, he's going, you know what he's going to do. He's going to look me in a face and go, like that. If I can actually ever get a hold of that piece of crap, that prick on legs.