Oh, sorry. 3.0.5.6. W2AM. My amy for Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. What? To talk to Neil, called 5.6. 7.0.5.6. Tell free for David Broward or pound 5.6. The on yourself. Orange show. Yes. New of Neil. His or mess colors. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily run like those of WQAM? Beesley read acquisitions or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, on sports radio 5.6. 6.0. QAM. Why are you airing like this? I'm the tether guy with a pink squish head. Oh! On my sights. Except the ones that are. Oh, right. Yes. On that tether guy. How do my snakes and kill him that he's yours? And if part-en-reliance thinks, I'm the tether guy who always is a third. I show Carl Williams that the truth can really hurt. You're the type of guy that thinks and I'm a form. So I just say to you that you see you empty dump. I'm the type of guy with my even and my bobbin. I'm only lost one five and the creatures being with Robin. They're the type of guy who thinks that people's laughs and put them in down. You know, in it and hand. Oh! The type of guy who makes the people stare. Just because I keep all my cats and dogs in care. I'm the type of guy and the public just attacked me. And if you don't believe it, then you had been asked me. I'm the type of guy that put a pivot to the look. Looking good for it. I'm the type of guy. So if I keep the stuff up, he could put it. Yes, I'm the type of guy. Next time, come to my face. I'll keep you know that I'm the type of guy. Feel this in me. I'll keep you work. He's out. He's back. He's doing it. Hmm. There's a football field. I just didn't get it in town. Oh! If you've had a seat, then there's a knockdown. When a six-top, what's the game in ball of time? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I don't know if it's going to fall and shoot out. So that's the game. Right, so pretty. I'll just tell you. That was a little savory. I'll stick it with the next thing. That's a nice car. That's a nice car. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. No way. Yeah! This football field is done. You're not going to shoot out of the light. I have a little fear. I am just a family of night. Yeah! You're just a family of night. I'm just a family of night. Yeah! I'm just a family of night. All right! Family of night. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh, my God! I'll grab what I said is nice and confidence was high and it's still not but anyway nice game last night boys. Four minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQA I'll tell you something I'm having a little bit of a trouble with this thing I don't think it's a cold at all I think it's allergies I've got all that heavy smoke in here again. After all these years of being here I'm beginning to believe this area is uninhabitable for many many reasons of course most of which I already knew before the smoke. This is an uninhabitable freaking place. But we have a we have an agenda that they be. Wow I got a list as long as my finger. And by the way the guy that called yesterday that back into what he thought was a finger in the glory hole where what what star was that? Sears. Oh yeah was it sears. Sears trying desperately to catch up to pennies and his poor guy was in there at the first of all what was he doing back into the glory hole I wonder. Here's a mobile and hope sound hello. Hey. Morning Neil. Yes sir. How you doing sir. I'm doing okay. Listen I'm heading up towards Melbourne and I was assistant to the Bob and Tom show. Yeah. Great show. Yes it is. What Bob and Tom? Yeah they were reporting that I don't know if it was in the paper today I wasn't ready I didn't read the paper. It was a gentleman young twenty two year old college student who was driving towards Michigan and he had stopped in the middle of the expressway on our 877 to take a. And excuse me. Stop for what? Stop don't get into that. He got out of his car and broke a bottle and severed his penis and ate it. Yeah. No what is world coming to. It was so bizarre. I don't know if it's in the paper today but there were a kind of front pages of matter. Factors a gigantic picture of his penis. Look at the finger. I would be surprised if it's the same finger that's a guy back into the with sears. Right. But then I reported that the guy ate it too. Yeah. Just for sure. He was Spanish you know they were. He was by the bullfighting and saying you do understand it. Yeah. We're going to look at the other. Okay you're in the clothing. Yes sir. I know a big black guy named Wayne and he's a douche bag. Okay. And tell him by the way. Long history of. Long Wayne. So anyway my ties in his bag that's even there. But today he's not only got out yesterday but what you didn't take long. They don't waste any time. And it's a good thing they don't waste any time because I noticed how deadly these sports shows are man. Wow. There ain't nothing going on here now. These poor bastards on this radio station are running around all. What are we going to do? What are we going to talk about? Give us some material please. By the way you're welcome for the water guys. Should I talk about that Matt Lipov guy? The fact that he used to work. What I'm whatever his name is Mark Lipov used to be captain. Why? Years ago on Wild 100. Which we're not supposed to know. I guess he was in the closet. Captain Y now he's a big hot shot of some stupid agency which we have eight million agents even this town. Are we getting any copy from him? No. Is good buddy Todd Dreck? Are they servicing that account? No. And are good friends of colleague? No. Even though colleague was in here yesterday. Good morning. How are you sir? I was waiting for that finger to pop up. Put her away. Navada gives Tyson go ahead to fight a day after Mike Tyson's early release from a Maryland jail. Navada's boxing officials indicated they won't do anything to stand in the way of his return to the ring. How do you like that? A rat. Tyson's advisors and handlers caught off guard by his sudden release from jail Monday. Were scrably to arrange a fight. I thought I could just do it like out on the highway again like the last one. You could just have a little scuffle and traffic. That could come as early as August 21 with the possible fight in Las Vegas against the likes of Alex Schultz or Brian Nielsen. Anybody here of either of those? Oh, there you go. Probably probably the bum of the month. And you guys you're going to be paying to watch that. But you're sweet as you are. Everybody out there. Every real man in this audience is digging deep into his pocket right now. Feeling for the change. Getting out is 50 or 60 or 70 or 80 bucks so we can subsidize iron mic. Here's an article in the, is this the hero, the SD mommy, date section of the Broward Harold. Potential neighbors in Tizzy as OJ seeks home. Friend of yours. What do you mean by that? Who is that? Some guy used to work with. Yeah, he looked vaguely familiar. He only looked like he looked like John Ford. Doesn't he? A friend of yours. I'll tell you somebody in this place who must hate me like poor. Need to that or he's the unfriendly is going. And I don't even know what his name is. You know him because you worked with him. The ball to the guy that looks like an aging field hungry. The worse in production. I didn't work with him. But you know who he is. I know who he is. He's a bit tired. He's a bit tired. He hates me. No, it's the yes he does. That's just a face. He hates me. That's his face. He looks like I'm not that I care if he hates me. But I don't really know why he hates me yet. Somebody hates me. It's okay. But I'd like to know. Usually I'd like to know why. Did they hate me yet? His eyebrows. No, he just got a call. He just got a run the way for one of those kind of guns. Not that I really anxious to see him. They just look like Phil. And he looks like. Are you sure like an aging field hungry? Ugly. Yeah. But aren't most of the people of this building ugly? Oh, man. So what day of the week is it? Wednesday? Oh, Christ. And he acts not on today. So I bet you my good close personal friend. They're going to be here today. I best friend in a building. He won't be here today. You never know. Yeah, he might drop in. It's a bond vessel. And she'll a little bit alone. Something like that. Lift my spirits a little bit. Lift it up. And my spirits too. And I'm going to say after 10 to 5 60 WQM. We got a big. Let's here's Holly. Would he? Hello. Yes sir. I do a nail. Okay. I got a true story for you. I remember Ron Goldman, one of the guys who jkilled. One of the guys he killed. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he killed. He had a step brother that I went to college with that University Heartford and Connecticut. Yeah. Was he Jewish? Yeah. It was the father's second wife's son. Right. So there was step brother. There's many ways. He's not afraid by the way to shame that stupid mustache. He looks like a jack-in. But anyway, go ahead. All right. Well, anyways. I was up there at the time all the, all the, all the, the murder was going on in the trial and all that stuff. Right. And I got a whole, that the step brother was, you know, where he was living Connecticut, he lived in Hartford. And, you know, he was, he was kind of known throughout the Connecticut Heartford area because he was always on to you. They interviewed him a lot. He's on TV. Oh, man. So anyways, um, ended up being a total disaster for him. I'm, I'm just totally honest. I'm not being ready for anything. I'm almost there. Every, every. He had the biggest problems when it sounds. He would have like literally like clap through that his car's at his house. It was all done by Schroes. It was all done by the Schroes. It's a car on TV and they thought it where he lived. Yeah. And for like three months. How do you know that? I'm friends with him. Are you a smell of it? He told me, I'll go. I mean, I, I, I, I, there were parts just throwing, at his house. There's no any joke like graffiti doing, I mean, crashing his car house, everything. And this is, I mean, for what reason? Because, okay, because, okay, black people murderer. So what, what is it? Right. While, maybe they just didn't like him as he was Jewish. That might have been it. It's 11.5 to 10 at 5.60. WC, you know, everyone. I'm very delighted to be deadly. Come on and join today. Let's see your merry-goon way to be a member of the NRA. Thank you for listening. Thank you for listening. And always be thankful ahead. And say, well enough. Join in your team. You'll be more of a great, well-being. There's been a fan of your life to hold us. Come on and join today. And you'll be proud to say, you're a member of the NRA. And our A. By the way, the young guy that called him in the go with that wild story about Ron Goldman's brother-in-law, step brother-in-law, whatever was called back to say, the reason that they knew it was far to drop in was because they found the watermelon seed in it. Which brings us back to yesterday, by the way, which I don't want to really dwell on unless we have to. So we have to do you think? Is this thing, do I have this thing all screwed up now or what? Well, I'm on it for yeah. I can't get these things to, oh, there we go. I'll be before we get back to O.J., and I'll add crap with the watermelon seed in it. Two great letters to the editor in the, which papers this and the Sun Sentinel this morning. Great, not just good, but great. Let me congratulate Harvey Barzki in Boeton V. Harvey, how you doing, Harvey? Oh, and Fred Pye in Boca. P.Y.E. What's the unusual name, huh? I wonder if they call him Pye Poiss. But anyway, two tremendous letters to the editor, which I'll take the time to read right now. Home prayer is allowed, and it didn't stop killing right Harvey and Boeton Beach. He says, Rae, the letters you receive regarding prayer and schools are the lack thereof. The main emphasis of these letters is that if prayers were allowed in the schools, we wouldn't have violence in the schools. I have a question for those who keep writing about prayer not being allowed in our schools. When prayer was eliminated from, when was prayer eliminated from the home? Would not prayer in the home, as well as discipline and acceptance of responsibility, taught in the home stop violence in the schools? Apparently it is not. Churches, mosques, synagogue, other places of worship, and the home are appropriate places for prayer. Not that schools are not if done in a proper context. That context being that one's group method would not infringe upon another group. Also, one writer complained about a cartoon depicting Christians as the enemy of students or anyone else. I did not feel the Picard Tune depicted Christian so much as it did jealous of any type of religion. In that letter, the writer stated, we Christians don't hurt people of different views. We pray for them. Maybe so, but is that what's happening in Kosovo, Ireland and here at Family Planning Clicks? I think not. Says, how do you varsity and boit and beach? That's going Harvey. And Fred Pye and Bokus says, history records Christians did more than just pray. I can't keep from laughing at the letter from a writer on May 13th. Right, Fred? Which proclaimed we Christians don't hurt people of different views. We pray for them. From what planet is this person recently arrived? After thinking about that statement for all of about three minutes, a few Christian prayers came to mind. Saint Bartholomew's massacre of 1572, eight civil wars between Roman Catholics and Hugonus between 1562 and 1598 including the 1565 massacre of the Hugonus County, a four caroline here in Florida. King Ferdinand of Austria against all the Roman Catholicism in 1627. The children's Crusade of 1212, the Crusades from 1095 to the 13th century, the Roman and Spanish inquisitions, Ireland 1650 to 1700, whose site wars in Bohemia in the 15th century, northern Ireland, England and Africa during the 19th century, and we can't forget Germany in the 1930s and 40s and how about the good Christians were doing abortion doctors. I think the writers should get the idea from this short list that the Christians have done more than they're sure of persecuting, and it's probable that more people in the history of the world have been killed because of religion than for any other reason. Don't allow your brain to be turned to mush. Listen, absorb, study, think and make up your own mind. Says Fred Pye and Volker Retone. Oh, God, Fred, there you go. Two great letters to the editor on the same goddamn day. How do you like that? Mark it down. Mark it on your calendar. When's day made 26, 1999? Two great letters to the editor, which I'm going to save along with that one from little Holly Dirty and sunrise from Piper High who writes that she's an atheist and she ain't killing anybody lately. How do you like that? I told you they're out there. You have to scour for them and most people are pussy so that they're afraid to say you know, the way they really think. But here are three people right there who have got the balls to open up a pussy and tell us the way it is. All this good Christian law of an all this other religious horse crap people killing each other since the beginning of recorded time because, well, if you don't believe in my God, well, for you. Because I'm the good person and you're evil and deserve to burn in hell. And don't forget, like I said yesterday, by good works alone you won't, by, by, by, by, you know, a lot of the crap. You can be the greatest person in the history of the human race. You can give all your money away. You can help the poor and the starving. Come up with a cure for cancer. Every other leprosy. You can be the greatest. And if you don't believe this series of fairy tales, then you're going to burn in hell forever. Because we got the answers and you don't smart ass. Oh, it's anyway that book, the Anderson, which I happen to bring in today, I prepared for this new diet, by the way. I want you to know how I did it. Now, what are you laughing about? Why do you have that look on your face? You had, there's not what they always tell you before you're going to do something drastic and they could be changed. If you really want to see the maximum impact, you go and pick out. And then the next day you start to new deal and then there's this tremendous weight loss. Is now what they always say? No real quick people want to know where you got those letters to the editor. There were today's, how about in today's paper on the editorial page as well? Which paper they want to say? It's, I thought they were in a sun sentinel. Yeah, they are. It's getting hard to tell. I don't know, maybe it's the hero. It's hard to tell the print anymore. I'm looking at the, well, there was another great letter anyway. I don't know. I better start marking that which paper I'm cutting these out of. Well, it's in one of the other. Okay. It's in a hero to the sun sentinel. On today's editorial page. But here's another letter that was in the other paper, whichever paper this was in the other one. This was, it says, and it's shortened to the point from Thomas Strider and South Miami. It says, why is it that those who opposed it, I'll cast you the most, always seem to be the quickest to use his tactics. Nice going, Thomas. Yeah. Three great letters to the editor all on the same day. I think that, oh, did you see that? What was that? There was like a little electric flash there. Like a little power thing. I think that, you know, starting to flex his muscle now. You got a CD in there, don't you? Meaning what? When the power goes off, that's the only thing that'll work when it comes back on. Is the CD? Oh, the good, oh, I got so much good news for you today. It's about time, you know. Ricky Martin, is it number one anymore the album? No, this week it's been supported by Millennium in a back street boys. Looks like it's going to break the all-time world record for selling over a million copies. And one point one made in the very first week of release. You know who had the record by the way? Michael Jackson. No. Pick your nose, put your finger in your nose. Think about. That's a good score. That's there. Huh? Let's go to show you. That goes to show you that you ought to be happy replacing Grath Brooks and Ricky Martin. The bad read boys. It's all the same. Oh, you're such a, you're such a spick, you know, you really are. Actually, I used to like human, so I met George. And now, and then he started talking about that great cuisine like horse meat and stuff like that. I started turning, you know, I have to apologize to all my Cuban friends out there. After like exclude him from the category, and then I can be more objective when I view the whole situation. But at any rate, Millennium, it looks like it's going to break the record one point one minute for the first week. I just mentioned that in passing. I'm going to play that cut by the week. That song. I know that, you know, currently the other the big hit. It's a great song. I want it that way. It's great. And it's on New album. But this song, you're into you. We'll be the next single. It'll be the biggest record of the year. It is so great. It's mind-boggling. Even you might like it. I know even as much as the hard asses you are because it's better than I want it that way. It's phenomenal. But anyway, getting away from that for a moment. So anyway, I got this book that I found. I've had this for a long time. It came out in 1995. Of course, you don't want to see the picture of the guy who wrote it. You know what this reminds me? I remember the nutrition. What the hell was that guy's name that looked like a zombie? He had a wife, you know. Right. The jerk. The jerk. The jerk. The jerk. They made the tour for a while. Back when Harvey and Merlin Diamond were doing that fit for life with all the fruits and watermelon. And then the black people got upset because we were starting to eat all their watermelon. But what the hell was this guy's name? And they had like a day. He looked like he hadn't bathed in years. And I always used to think, see, I want to look like him. God, schmutz back. But anyway, this guy's picture. Oh yeah, with his birds. He's got a, he's got the shika. And there was got a bird and a dog. Well, a nice white dog. Whatever kind of dog it is. And a bird. I think it's a cockatoo. But anyway, this guy's name is Raymond Audet. No relation to Donald Audet. The hockey player used to play for Buffalo and I played with Ellie. Raymond Audet would try Gilchrist forward by Alan S. Brown and D. And it's called the Anderson, a caveman's guy to nutrition. And it ties in with what George was telling me was on the date line tonight to go with Ernest. Kirk Pierce to the church. Here's your daddy shot. Right. Amazon's. They look like they just came out of the Amazon. I mean, the most grotesque the most disgusting. The most bizarre looking pair. Always right in their kind of like Amazon outfits. You know, in fact, that was the a poll question I was going to ask who the, who's the stampier dresser. David J. Neel from the Harold or Dirk Pearson and Sandy Shaw. I think it's a toss up. Anyway, this goes on some pretty interesting stuff in it, which I know isn't going to change any of your habits. But I started to say, I got ready for this. I went out last night to publics because I thought maybe Andrew was working. Fracking by the way, our good friend Frankie was cashier and it sawgrass publics. I just gone Frankie. He's moving up in the world. Don't get suspended again, pal. But anyway, so I went in here and I got myself a big half gallon of EDO. And wait till I get into the thing about this new diatril, let's throw a rumor or a term you under that she Facts me the information. I'm just loaded with crap today. And I got a big half gallon of EDs. And what's the name of the flavor I wrote it down? I want to get it right because it's got Jeff Gordon's picture on the container, which made Joke. Joke hostile with squeezing himself. And I told him at this morning that I actually went out and got an EDs ice cream flavored that had Jeff Gordon's picture on it. It's called Google Cluster. And it is stained good by the wind, spotted Jeff Gordon being connected with on the Oh, God is that good. I quite a bit of it by the way. A lot. And now I figure my body is just ready for the caveman stage. 1026 at 560 WQA. And if you know that the Lord even loves Neil Rotterdam. R-E-C-I-O-N. It's a record time. Oh, I'm gonna kick off my shoes. Drop off my dress. It makes me wet when I see you catch. I'll be in the rest of the dormitory for five miles. I wanted to merge in every end of top of you and take it off my moverchated poop to give me an impressive meal. Okay. And I'll be through the wall. The R-E-C-I-O-N. I wanted to drink your bowl. I wanted to love the quality of the event to do a tour of the event. And then I'll give it a bowl. And the morning is just, who has taken this? I've been telling you, take up this. And I want to wrap on it around your 12-Saint tube. And make your wonderworm ex-floor with food. That's on the red tub. Oh! And it's on the circle of five. E-R-E-C-I-O-N. I want to drink our bowl. E-R-E-C-I-E-C. Happy 33-5-60WQM. We have a slightly abbreviated show this morning. We get a little chopped off a little bit, not too much. 145. We got the red hot marlins, baby. Uh, the beat to cubs to it a row. Any interest today? No. That's not on TV. It's already on a game. Is there any interest whatsoever? 145. The marlins at the cubs. Which means Hank has the day off again today. Donny B. On there, 5.30-6. Pulling the breach for half hour. Talking baseball of which there is interest. And then we got Jim Mad Dogman, It's your full show tonight. Six to 10 o'clock. It's half an at 10. So there's the agenda for it. There's the schedule. Marlins in the cubs to pregame at 145 today. I mean, that's not good. 1145 sounds good. That would be great. But 145, especially now, that's by first day of my new caveman die. So I think that was a great way to get my body ready to start on a whole new program. Was that a cool cool cool cool cool ice cream there from a wood Jeff Gordon and E. By the way, have you ever seen Jeff Gordon and E. E. at the same time? No, same person, I think. Oh, God, I'll never get it all in here with that damn ball game coming up. I got so much crap. So getting back to this in the end, In book, the concept is the, the privilege, of course, we all know is true. We just want to hear it because it's no fun. Because you're a god again, invented everything that tastes good and that's bad for you. But in any way, it says, although some hundred gatherers such as the Intuit in the Intuit, which, of course, They're up there in the Canada, the Intuit, they're in with. E considerably more fat than any Americans, they enjoy the lowest incidence of heart disease among all people in the world. Oh, all peoples, how do you like that? And I'm not going to read, you know, a whole bunch of stuff in the book, but there is a page 44 and 45 in this book called, Oh, by the way, the letters to the editor went to some sentinel. I'm gagging on this smoke. Ehhh, ah! Can you smell it? I mean, this morning was much thicker than even yesterday morning. It was like walking out into peace soup. And then coming to building him, I'm saying, I'm gagging on it. Trying to get over that little cold or allergies or whatever that was I had for several days. Ehhh, oh, god. Lawsuit. That stuff is seeping into the building. We're having a seeping problem. There's nothing worth them a seeping problem, by the way. That's fat boy. He could probably tell you about that. All fat people, we know what's seeping is all, oh, that's bad. It is. Makes you invest a lot of money in extra pairs of underwear. But at any rate, so the ten commandments of the end of this diet program are never, ever, eat, never, never, eat. Grains, beans, potatoes. Also, a beat by the way for whatever reason, turnips. Dairy, any dairy, no milk, no cheese, no yogurt, no way, no butter. No ghee. And no sugar of any kind. Do eat. I'm narrowing this down because he expands on it. Do eat meats. These veal lamb pork. And with this reminds me of that scene in Fatso where she says she's reading the list. Do not eat, you know, and then he pulls a grape off the tray. And this is he goes to put it in the do not eat grapes. You know, he got that sour look on his post, you know. Poor Dom. Poor Dom, Deloways. Whatever happened by the way with that thing. Remember he was supposedly a fondled some way to an arrest around here a few months ago. Don Deloways. I guess they settled it. I guess maybe he enverts blood off. Anyway, eat the meats. Beef, lamb, veal pork, menas and chickie turkey, turkey, duck, duckie, Fescent, quail rabbit, all fish. Any other form of meat or meat byproduct such as lard is okay. Lard is in the hay, lard ass. Fruts. Unless of course you diabetic we can't eat fruits. Vegetables. All of us doubles you want. Or at least the ones he lists anyway. No corn. No corn. And you want to know why? Because it's fatting number one and number two it comes out the same way it goes in. That's what the curl said. You also can eat along with meat truth and vegetables. Nuts. I like nuts. Especially if they're shaved. And berries. Grapes. And he says berries. It's interesting to me. Everything he lists here is berries to me. I always thought was a fruit. Grapes. Blue berries. Raspberry. Black berries. Boys in berries. Strawberries. And any other edible. You can eat them raw. And the berries too. Those are all fruits. But anyway, those are the things you can't eat. And the first list was all of stuff you can't eat. And there's whole premises that all these refined foods are killing us. And he's here. He is. Absolutely correct. Right on target. I mean, are we going to stop eating all of those other things? No, of course not. He says because of the prevalence of fungal breakouts and cultivated potatoes, they must be treated with large amounts of fungicide, making potatoes the most can chemically contaminated food that you can buy in America. In summary, as chemical free organic potatoes are available, but these are even more dangerous because the fungus is far more carcinogenic than the fungicide and insecticides than the supermarket variety. Even if you get you organically grown potatoes, they're even worse. They'll kill you sooner. How do you like that? Who's that on a bat line, by the way? Where are we getting calls on a bat line? He says although grains are considered the staff of life in many cultures, all of them are extremely carcinogenic. Cancer causing. Who was that? Wrong number. Oh. Thank God. Corn is considered the number one carcinogenic in the American diet. It is responsible for more cancer deaths than all of the pesticides, tongue-to-side herbicides and other additives that contaminate our food. Many scientists believe that corn is responsible for more cancer deaths in America than cigarettes. I don't see him raising the price of corn though. Do you? No. You better tell those kids in the van to go get the corn people. Look to back-o-kids. Yeah, that's right. I don't know all of tobacco companies call up to Del Monte people, okay? And ask them how come they're peddling all that corn? Or you can just tune in the default in the morning. He's peddling it. It'll kill you. 21 before 11 at 5.60. Here's the funny tune. Dr. Flora, now I'm so media outlet near you. Judith, you're on the air. Hi, Dr. Flora. My husband and I are having some problems. You stink, co-bitch. What? Do you think you'd just spread your legs for this guy and everything will be alright? Excuse me, no. There's a difference between being a wife and being a tramp. Do you understand the... Hey, I wasn't the one posted on the web with my legs spread. Wasn't me. You're thinking of someone else. It's Dr. Flora. Not to be confused with anyone else. Sorry, I'm sometimes somewhere. I'm trying to guess it. Oh, by the way, guess what was on last night since you were mentioning before the show this morning behind the scenes on VH1? Would you have it only watched every now and then? Yes. I'll re-spring field. Behind the music. What I've been telling you, they have to have the life story of whatever musician it is. We're experiencing it. I'll tell you one thing, he used to be real cute. A long time ago. No, seriously, he was a... And guess what else? He has a life, you know? Yeah, every... I was talking about him the other day and right away, George starts... Oh, that's fabulous. See, everybody knew that every guy that's good looking has to be a fact, you know? And that's not true. That's the way you feel. That was just a rumor that I hear. Always blaming us, Faggot's for thinking that everybody would think. Which there are, there is a category of Fags who like to think that everybody else is, which is a swishful thinking. But I have a feeling that most straight guys think that any guy who's like a pretty boy, you know, any guy that's like cute or like a... And that category must be a fact. We just spread those rumors so that the girls won't tell them. Like those things you were saying about Ricky Martin, the day, which I think probably are... Well. So anyway, it's 1045 and 560 WQM. Isn't it great that Ricky Martin's album has been already supplanted. Oh, so... Top of the list, top of the album list by the BSBs. Thank God for that. By anybody. Give us hope for the future that Ricky Martin is already out back on his way down to the bottom. Where he likes it the most. So do not... See, this thing I probably could get by with most of this except the cheese part. I like cheese. That is after I get over my sugar addiction. What century is that gonna be? Is that ever gonna happen? Oh, I am so happy to get to the sugar in your tiny hearing. That already, but most of you are too. You don't want to admit it. Potatoes, I don't need potatoes. Beans, I certainly don't need grains. Especially corn. Oh, I do like corn. Especially with butter. Huh? Corn on the cob. Corn on the cob wrapped in aluminum foil and put on a grill. With butter inside the aluminum foil. Like Indian corn. Is that what they call it? Huh? What do they call it? Mays? Well, that's the Indian's call. Isn't it what it is? Mays? Mays? Mays? So how come the University of Michigan that colors our amazing blue? Amazing blue? Is that what it is? Mays? Oh, right. I forget it. I couldn't give up the cheese though. I love cheese. For example, for lunch to the earth, I was thinking maybe I'll have a certain from truck or a good friend that we haven't seen in a while. From the sub center or around a corner of 441 and 190, 300 whatever that is. I was very ripe. But what could I get from him without cheese? That I would want. Nothing. Nothing. I like that nice salad that we get when we're in a salad with that chef. I don't want it without the cheese. Who wants those great deli meats without the cheese? You know, here's a book that says, What the cheese? I'm not going to cut up the stuff that cheese. Okay? I won't do it. I refuse. I can say that cheese is okay. You said you can have the cheese. Don't eat any sauce. He said, if you're going to get it, the cheese makes you retired and the cheese too. Because the soft cheese is where all the carbs are and the crap. That's bad for you. But not a soft cheese is like, Oh, God. Only pseudo intellectual assholes eat bread. Is there anybody in the world that really likes the tastier smell of bread? No, no. Don't call me showing tell me like breaches because we'll know you're a liar right off the bat. And you'll go to hell. Only people who are like, Snob's eat bread. Like breafs, flavored stuff like breafs, flavored crackers or something. Yeah, but you don't want breaches on us to saw. Oh, God. Soft and mushy. Kind of like that. I was telling you about yesterday. So anyway, there's the answer for you right there at the Anderson. A caveman's guy been nutrition by Raymond Auddett. It's a very thin book. I don't know if you can. Or how did I get this? It's on Paleolithic Press of all things. Oh, he says, whatever you do if you want to stay in good health. Don't see Sam Du Spag over there. Promotion. He said, stay in hell away from him at all times. What he said. What's he doing here? Are he works here now? Mark? Yeah. Yes. How'd he pressing? What did we add? I don't want to go into it. Well, I will go into this though. Brian, what's his name? Lipschitz. In our sales department. Well, he doesn't know that's his name yet. But we just changed his name today. Because that's your own own. I can remember. And it's your own money. You can say on the ear and get away with it. Because his name sounds like, yeah, like that. Like I was saying before the soft. Yeah. So Brian Lipschitz, our salesman, was the employee the month that it happened when I was on vacation. And that's why I think it did the memo last time around. We did not get them. So you didn't get a memo. We didn't get a memo. Well, all they figured, Rob, we're going to put it in their meals. Not here in Georgia. Just going to make a big deal out of this. I would have to put it in. Yeah. Well, you especially would have made a big deal out of it. If because the audience knows by now that when you get the employee at the month of order around here. That you have a choice. Either get $200 in cash or a QAM pin. Yeah. Now, if you ever want to have a chance to get the employee of the month of second time, you better take the freaking pin. You know what I'm saying? Because if you ask for the $200 cash, see, I don't understand why there's somebody offer you something if they don't want to really give it to you. It's a test. Like the god thing. Like the god thing. Like God with the Joshua right. So anyway, evidently he was pressured heavily. He was lobbied to take the pin. He wanted the $200 because he just bought a new house. And even though it's not a lot of cash, it would come in handy for like, you know, toilet paper, something paper goods, anything at all. He could have used the cash. And they said, no. Take the pin. Is what they said. And he said, okay. Okay. And he's still here. So we hired Mark Hibnick to come and work in our sales department here by the way. Our good, close personal friend, share all used to call the hipster or whatever. Whatever was. Kibby. And now he's calling him. Well, see, she liked him because he's Jewish. Anybody that was Jewish, share or like, and of course, share all set her or daughter over to Israel. I was thinking about this the other day. No, you know what made me think about it was Cory Sivan. Cory, who's a good guy even always dropped down on my list. Way down to the bottom right down there with Ricky Martin. But he's a good guy. And especially not just because he looks good in these bright kids, but because he's not a sports nerd like some of these people around here that really take the sports stuff seriously. And that's all they know about. It's stupid ball games. In fact, Cory quite frankly is turned off by most of it. But he's a job. So he's a good guy, but he's too Jewish. And the reason I say this, how old would you say he is like 24 or 25ish. Cory. Not old in that. He is 26. 26 27. It's a mid 20s. And he hasn't been to like any like civilized place. For example, he was just on vacation a couple of weeks ago. Where did he and his buddies go? They went camping out of the grand canyon. What? That's okay. Forgot it's like 26 or 27. Goes camping at the grand canyon. What not? And does what? Well, you don't like the outdoors. And you understand? And does what? You can't. You see nature. I am good. You white water rast. White water rast. You there. He's a racial Christian. We have to be kind of old. You're old, you're a bit old. Yeah. So anyway, where has he been in the world other than camping at the grand canyon? He's been the Israel. I am so sick and tired of Jews who keep sending their kids off to Israel because they want to be professional Jews of all places in the world that I would go last. Besides Africa, the number number anywhere in Africa, number two on the list would be Israel. I want to hang around with a bunch of Jews. I can go to sunrise. I would like two minutes from sunrise. Huh? I can drive up to Boka. I can go to Tamarax. The all the Jews I want. I don't need to go there. In addition to which who wants to be surrounded by a bunch of enemies, the Arabs who want to blow up the bus. And a guy that needs a bathroom bed. Who do you want to need that? So Cheryl sends her daughter a few years ago over to Israel, her teenage daughter. Comes back. All of a sudden she's become converted. She's so religious that she's like out of her mind. They've got a kosher of the house. You saw how long that lasted, didn't she? About five minutes. kosher of the house. See, the reason I'm talking about this is because I was thinking about this. Even if I even went to Fatboy came in this morning. I was mentioning to him about our good friends at Cox. Who were really more to our friends at all. If somebody is really your friend, they could never, ever pull what they did on us. And believe me, thank you very much for doing it because we're away ahead of the game right now. We're doing just great thank you. It applies to where nobody cares about anything. They just leave us alone. They don't care. We've, you know, it took me a while to let that do it. We love it. Yeah, the best job of my life. It's right here on QAM. I never realized this for a long time. And then guilty one morning in the toilet said to me, you know something we got a pretty good here. I said, you know what you're right. If a guy with a voice like yours could be working here, it must be pretty damn good. They couldn't care about anything. And he said, FNA. Yeah, they don't care. But they were such good friends of ours that they knew for a long time that that radio station was being sold by the Cox people. They were looking to dump it. And they were going to like put us out to pasture and just leave us dangling on our own. Did they tell us? No. Did they let me on the inside? No. Who was supposed to be like a heart and soul of WIO did they come to me and give me any guy they might do. What was going on? No, they did not. They told sale. They told, well, they told Phil because, and again, they lied to him too. Because the only reason is, as great of a talent as he is, the only reason they want to keep a leash on Phil Henry is because it had Brian Cox lawsuit. So they wanted to keep him working for Cox broadcasting out there at KFI and the West Coast. They wanted to keep him in the family because they're psychotic about and that suits still going on, I believe. That 80 billion dollar lawsuit, because filled with that tongue-in-sheak thing about Brian Cox being a faggot or whatever was on here that day. And of course, that was all in line by the way with the fact that Brian Cox on that radio station right to our good friend Jim Manditz said, well, they're repeatedly, that's right. But in any way, so that was the reason for that. But they weren't really our friends, you know, and then they come around here and I, all the other bullcraft, sorry, I'm not buying it. Bob, Cheryl, all you people over there that want us to think that you are a good friend, you were okay, you know, okay, not great. Not somebody that would depend on us, I were like ready to go over the edge of a cliff. I wouldn't be on a phone to them saying, please come help me because I might write on the edge, ready to go over to cliff. They wouldn't be the ones forced on my list to call. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. In other words, with friends like that, who needs to co-chair the house? No, sure, there's nothing wrong with the end. You wish or whatever you want to be. But why in God's name does anybody want to go to Israel? Well, what's there to see there? A bunch of ancient crap, a bunch of crazy people wailing at the wall there, Rockin' back and forth, but we're all caught up, but we're talking crazy people, man. There's the scenic landscape. Oh, yeah. When I want to see desert, like I told you the other day, I'll go to Vegas, thank you. I want to see Baron Woden, I'll just stay here. I don't have to leave the house to see that. So Cory Sabin went to Israel. Tells me how interesting it was, I'd be better to move, but I was expecting to start laying to fill in in here. I mean, what is where these parents that do this to their kids? Is it really easy to get laid over there or something? For him? I don't think so. I don't know why, because he's a good looking guy, but he had some kind of a, or something there. I don't know what it is. Or something. There's a problem there. You know what I'm saying? Because the day I saw him at the hockey game with his mother, which he didn't see me, but he was a few a couple of sections over to my right. And then I was talking to Joe Costello about it the next morning, and Joe says, oh, mine not a been his mother, might have been his date. Why are you smoking that? I wish the audience could see the evil smirk that you get on your discussing little bigoted face. Why do you have that look? And I said, I don't want to get a little older women. Oh, I know young guys that are in the women like their grandmother. As long as it's got a little care, as long as they can sniff like Al Pacino said, the set of a woman, they don't care if it's a woman older than Mithuslo's grandma. They don't care. As long as it's got a, they don't care. And I'm not saying that's in Cory's case. I don't know what his case is. I don't know. No, seriously. Just like I was saying the other day, if I were young guy that looked really good, like JP for example, if I looked like that, no one or he can only come in here a couple of days a week. He's probably busy the rest of the week. I would be busy. I would have time. No, seriously, I would have time to sleep. Eat a couple of meals here and they're not too much. Certainly no bad stuff. And then I'd be busy all the rest of the day. You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. So I don't get it when your guys that look pretty damn good, and then they can't get laid. I don't understand that. Because there are a lot of ugly guys getting laid all the time. Maybe it's Cory's bald spot. Maybe that's maybe he needs to go see Charlie Alphayari. That could be it. Maybe it's the hair on his triceps. Or maybe he's too Jewish. Maybe it was that trip to Israel, I think. You know what I'm saying? Oh, it's a three and a half till 11 at five, 60. WQAM, you're a little bit too Jewish for the 90 station. I need some handclackers. You don't need these to condom. You don't need the 10th of damn. You don't need to say I love you all here. It's 50 dollars, man. I don't need the string for dinner. Or where all that's 60 stumps. Or all you need is the thing is a wagon or a mug. When the hair reply is doing it all across the land. And at the meters of America, a deal with yourself a hand. You're a natural and a game. It's easy and it's fun. You don't know how to do it as your parents are. It's only the space of life. You don't need a space of skill. Some zippenship you grip between your hips and get a drift. Because if you reply to doing it and boy does feel great. And as the Beezers of America, a deal with yourself a hand. You can do it in the bathroom. You can do it in your bed. You can do it at a concert while you watch the Great for Day. You can refer to it and know it. You get filled with the ball. On a swore soon, you'll go tell them I could catch you. You're at a tube with salt and you'll rise in your neck. And that's a band that's a band that's over America. Forgive yourselves a hand. It's fun to watch the first. Oh my god, some good news. Thank Joe Castello just gave us a spot report from a Marlin game last week. And he said that the Coruscid was there where they very, very extremely attractive young lady. Thank God, let's hear it. All right. I feel better about life even though it's too bad he wasted his time going to Israel. So anyway, I have this metabolite thing. Maybe somebody's already knows about this stuff. See, because if anybody in the world, I've put it as before and it's the God damn truth. Can't get me to lose this last 30 or 40 pounds. Which I just can't do it. I mean, I'm not that I'm really doing a very good job trying when I'm out there buying E.D. Zyscreen, which I've Gordon's picture on the bottom of the thing. So you get in cheese with that or not. Finally. Yes, I'm getting, I'm not going to cut the cheese. It's a little smaller when I cut the cheese. Okay, of course I want the cheese. What did I just get through sand? Or Chuck thought he heard you said that you didn't want any cheese. How about Chuck's there? Make more food and listen to the show less. Okay, we love Chuck. My time did like a bug off. Nobody QM ordered a relance. Wait, two bad. I could have got right on because we're ordering lunch. And there might be just wait. So anyway, my good friend of Ferole. This is Jeff Rimmer. Coming to find out that in their family, they discovered, and this is not another deal where she's trying to pedal something because she's got nothing to do with this. But she's just using it. It's a metabolite. And I, you know, all of these pills I was just talking about this sensitive and form a thing, you know, the fat burner and the exercise in the bottle. And all these silly ridiculous idiotic things. I mean, come on. But she claims that somebody she knows, somebody in the family has lost, I guess, about 35 pounds with this. And it's still eating basically whatever he wants. The tabelite. So she faxes me the information on this. These are capsules. And I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. They evidently are selling these at key ox in the various malls around town. And all she can buy them over the internet. The tabelite 350-6. It was formulated to raise the body's metabolism and create a thermogenic response, which in turn burns fat, not lean muscle tissue. Because of this precise blending of herbs and other nutrients, you'll realize higher energy levels, which are normally not achieved while dieting and reducing caloric intake. Metal life-threative thesis also metabolize reduces appetite prior to meals. You take it with water before the meals and then supposedly you lose weight. A character strata said about whatever product he was pedaling there on those infomercials. Yeah, we couldn't believe it. People were taken as crap and they were losing weight. We couldn't believe it. Is anybody believe it? No. I don't think I got a brain, but this metabolite she claims it works. And I thought I would pass it along. And also share it with the audience before I go wasting any money on this. And of course she says, like you're probably going to have said, I bring you a lot of it in for free. Am I looking for free, is that it? Of course, why not? I work here in radio in this market. I've learned over the years if it's her free, it's better. Like today's lunch will be delicious. I mean, the food from sex is always good, but it's especially good when it's free. Here's plantation, hello. I'm good. Like Ruth Chris, for example, Ruth Chris is always good. But when he picks up the thing, it's not even waste your time. Okay? Don't even dignify them by wasting your time. Here's a Davy. Hello. I know. You might lose your appetite now. Did you read the front page of the Harold this morning? About what? Nick Navarro. Yeah, what? I'm glad you reminded me that. Thank you. Thank you for reminding me. Now I just lost my appetite for lunch. Nick Navarro, $1 million in a slot tournament. Did you read this? Oh. Got a swoony again. Huh? Here it is on the front page of the Harold. And I guess where he did it, too. Here's another one of these goodly two shoes right wingers that used to be the sheriff who's a real asshole, by the way. After a lost biggest vacation former Broward Sheriff Nick Navarro is a million dollars richer. Let's see, it costs 25 grand a compete in this slots tournament. And he was the winner. He won a million bucks. It doesn't that prove that there's no God right there. That Nick Navarro won a million dollars. Here's a mobile and key largo. Hello. Mobile and key largo. Yes sir. Your program so far. I mean, what else could Brian Cox say though? He's quite a vocabulary on the young man. I just got back what trip I wanted to tell you about. I was in Atlanta for seven days and night. And I truly enjoyed it. I'm catching help from some of my close friends here that are in first for that. Yeah. I found it very extremely enlightening. I've traveled about 600 miles on the island. I never saw any desperate people whatsoever. And the economy there is really booming. Everybody's in business. They're except the American. The economy is booming and the people are living the life of Riley. You're telling me in this respect. I don't know about Riley. I'm just telling you what I saw on the hill. I just hate their health. Brighten the act is off. And yeah. No, what is it that you saw that makes you think that the people are doing so well? Well, I think well, mostly what I saw was the do you have a lot of money. I saw was the do-ho-chels naturally. But yeah, of course, no, it tells you going to see tourists and you're going to see a glutee show they put on for you. And it's going to look at that. And that's like going to Vegas, you know, and saying, hey, all the people here are living great. Maybe some of the people in Vegas and Las Vegas are starving to death. Well, I agree with you. I know what you're saying about that. I love Vegas to our goal a lot. But why do you feel compelled to say that everybody there's doing so great? Well, please forgive me. I don't know. Everybody's doing great. How many people? You know, we got people here aren't doing great. I've never saw any unhappy people. I've never saw any beggars. I've never saw any trash on the street. But what happened? But you said you hung out in the hotels. Did you like what you're hoping to do? No, no, no, no. We went on our boat. We took our boats. They there seven days and night. Yeah. Traveled over 600 miles on the island while it was there. Yeah. I rented a new car. I went down the road there. I wrote over to Mario and just to Nora. Yeah. I could say. And everywhere I went, everyone seemed to be providing for themselves. And they seemed very happy. Right. And there's over 30 new hotels under construction right now. Yeah. And then on the island, on the island. Well, thanks to the good news. I guess that means that all those people down there are domino park that are all done out of shape thing. We'll back now. They're supposed to pay. I don't give a damn about those people down at a park. Yeah. I do want them to go back and be happy. That would be happy. I'd rather see a kid than a van. I'd give a shot of tennis slow. And then this stupid ass helps vertical. You know what I mean? The embargo and the loud ass. Yeah. Anyway. You'll thanks for letting me back. Okay. Have a great time. What have you said? Anybody believe what he said? Okay. It's 1109 at 560W. Maybe OJ will move to a van. That sounds good. You're a good place for him and Fidel. I can hang out together. It's more of the big Stowees play little golf. Matt, they're balls around together. Wow. I wonder what kind of wacky we did. We're feeding this guy down there. Hey, we haven't. Are you happy? I hate WLD you again. I'm so much. I'll be no happy. What would it do if I had normal boobs with the stupid ass out in 590? No. Do you get wrong when I scream at a phone? You can't have my time being awkward. Very. I'ma get 5 within the last in my breath. Oh, I just got with this last in my breath. I don't have to try with this last in my breath. Did you hold this shot for any body? I only had to pull my canny down. I'll take a dream with your body. And not to mess and wear a goodbye now. That is used to treat my just for any your life. Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a killer guy. I don't have to try with this last in my breath. I don't have to try with this last in my breath. I'm a beauty. Please don't let that be. He left me by chariots. Fight, fight chariots. You'll be all my mother. When this is that's the most important thing. I'm a guest 5 in print. You can sit in place in my breath. And I stand. If you look great, you can't sing an old food who cares. Anybody care? No. Okay, thank you. 11th year at in step on that one today. God forbid, especially if you had like a pointed choose. 11 16 is 5 60 or cleat's potential neighbor speaking of cleats in tizzy is OJ CX home. This is an 11 B in today's hero. Potential neighbor is in tizzy as OJ CX home. Talk about this for a lot longer than I intended yesterday. And when I left here, I thought about the conversations we had about to 4,000 phone calls we had. I don't want to generalize, but I will anyway. The majority of the white people were called and I think we're like auditioning for their sheets and hoods. See if they could get their membership card before the end of the week and maybe attend a few of the meetings. That was the majority of the white people calling and majority of the black people calling very thinly veiled. We're really saying we don't really care whether we kill them or not. We believe he killed them and we're happy about it because here's a black guy. He's one of us. He's still a black dude that got off and killed two white people and it's been the other way around too long and we're happy about it. See if that's the way you feel it's very unpalatable to say that, but why don't you say that? Because no reasonable person once a murder would be living in their neighborhood. The article says, still how's on again Miami? OJ Simpson 51 is looked at a retired doctor's home in a car on Gables by the sea. He's looked at the Southwest State Home of multi-millionaire car dealer Alan Potentian and at the Garmo with states in coconut grove. Oh, and everybody's trying to figure out that he gets this pension, the NFL pension, variously described as between 16 and 25 grand a month. How can you afford these million dollar homes? If he's not covering up any other money since he's supposed to be paying all his money to the Goldman and Brown families? Dr. Stephen Lazarus, the retired pediatrician says since I'm looking to this five bedroom house on San Pedro Avenue on the market for 870 grand. And it goes on and on and on and on and on. And it says, Carlo Silva 33, a medical malpractice lawyer and the Garmo resident says neighborhood scuttled butt is that Simpson might move in by September. I welcome him Silva says he says the messy murder case isn't an issue for him. Don't know whether he did it or not, but the court found him now guilty. I respect that he said. Is that incredible or what? Doesn't know whether he did it or not, but the court said now, of course, he is only interested in what one court said. The civil court that actually said, yes, he did it. He can look the other way. You think it's the right price again. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Yes. Okay. I got a solution for your lunch. They're called veggies slices. There are slices. They look exactly like cheese. Exactly. Where did you get that? Public. And we're like that. How do you slice this? Maybe they're made of soy. No dairy at all. They're soy? Yeah. Are they good? They're great. Not where do they have in their publics? The cheese thing? Exactly with the slices of regular cheese. Yeah. More expensive than cheese, but... Do I care about their expenses? It looks just like their Swiss and American, so they have 10 colors to light, yellow and then the orange. Okay. But there's no dairy. It's also like... And it's great. I'm on a quick quick request for my fraud friends. The old man says why don't you go back to Canada? Okay. Thanks. He when he says quick request, he's right. Let's go back to Canada, you know. Which one is... Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastard? Why don't you go back to Cuba, you know. You're a big bastard. Why don't you go back to New York, you're a WAP bastard? Okay. We got him all in there. 560560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I mean, that's really what's a lot of you people were saying here yesterday. It's on the one hand. We got a bunch of people at Heat Black people who are really, are just out of control with their racism. I mean, yeah. I have problems in my mind, I've talked about my own, which I've talked about on the year over the years, controlling my racist feelings, which I do have. And George will be the first one to tell you that yes, I do have them. Is this thing beeping is that out of something back here? We're working on it. It's going to need more ink. Oh, we're working on getting ink for the goddamn fact machine. Jesus, what are we going to do with the fact machine breaks down? We won't have all those really brilliant facts. But I mean, these people call it in here yesterday, with a grotesque, disgusting stereotypes. And then on the other hand, these shfarts is calling in, which almost never call the show. And all of a sudden, and had nothing to do with any of that. All I said was, who wants to murder or is the neighbor? We don't want him here. And right away, it turns into a whole racial song and then because that's the American F in way. Let's just find one more good reason to hate everybody else, because we're so much better than you are, we're so much better people than you are. Even though we just filled with hysterical hate, maybe it's that religion's doing it to you. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Any are you doing sir? Okay, sir. This is the McRubbleite Hills. Yes? I took one of my three, he has months ago, he's got about 45 pounds, however. You can't exactly. Wait a minute, you took one and you dropped it on your phone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I actually took about four or five of those, you'd never seen me again. We're always about three or four bottles. I was on for a few months, lots of about 45 pounds. But the moment is like every pill, once you're off, boom, you get back up again. Yeah. And the only thing about everything you want, that's true to a certain extent, however, you being human, kind of whirlsing because of the food, you know what I mean, every day is, like all those beans. Yeah, hey, you're good. You can say anything. I'm like, start. Exactly. However, I started taking you last Thursday, and I've got about five pounds in a week. Now, is it safe for anybody to take, because I noticed in the literature here, which is if you have high blood pressure or diabetes, I like everything, so it's just that I thought you're doctor. Exactly. But it's not like speed. It doesn't make you feel like you're... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, the only thing with me is, I have been crap in morning, that's just... That's the back, yeah, I have to double the fact. And what should pop up on four or five pills in one day, it's supposed to feel like it's small, but there's probably because I'm even a cover. That's fulfilling, you know? It makes it swell up. Exactly. You're starting to feel it's great. Yeah, you might want to go and try it, but I don't know, so... That's it. Okay, thanks. You got it. Okay, there you go on the tablet. Oh, this thing back here is gravity, and the guy didn't crack the thing. And I'm all ready with the noise, we'll get to you, okay? Beeper like a guy, they're all, and here's the fact that somebody was going to send me, but from the beacon health plan, but because there's no incinerity, the facts didn't come out. So, if and when we get the inciner, I'll let you know when anything can be facts me of the information, because it's probably about this in the tablet stuff. I'm serious if this stuff actually is safe number one and number two if it works. Oh, man, can you imagine? Can you just see me 30 pound flyer speaking or we're spring for you? I'll put him to shame. What? I'd look just like Corey Sabin, if another 30 pound flyer and another 40 years younger. Now, where'd we get the young pills? Here's Miami, hello. Here's Miami, hello. Okay, sir. Uh, yeah, Bob, what you said before about OJ coming in about the murder? Uh, I just true, but yet that lady there was banging on every door, stabbed, nobody answered the door and little Haiti. No, there. Everybody was out that night. Isn't that incredible? I saw that window. I know that's enough to make you just tear your guts out. You got to hit six little kids and she's got stabbed and she's going door to door. Or anything. Try to find help. She's still alive. Try to find somebody called a paramedics. Get her some help while she's over. If nobody heard nothing. Nobody heard nothing. It was a passure by in a car that called 911. No, it was a woman that the king was just coming home. All right, somebody body on her front lawn. But they have the energy to call you and say that you're racist. Right. Think about Israel is, and he'll have these little bars that have, you know, Russian ladies that you pay to have sex with. Yeah. It's like very cool for our Amsterdam, even Las Vegas. That's why I think the guy went to Las Vegas. I mean, they're like, how long he was like, Amsterdam or Las Vegas? Well, it's can't be like that. Oh, come on. Oh, it is. It was a story on a 20, 20 about that. I don't see too many guys with pay as an Amsterdam. Well, there was a new story on it. They paid guys with a land to fill in in Vegas. They needed to pay nothing, but they're not laying to fill in. For the bars, yeah. Pay and buy Russian women to go and work for them. Yeah. And to service the clientele. Yeah. And that's why I followed you went to Israel. No, he went to Israel because he's a professional Jew. That's why he went to Israel. He's been raised as a professional Jew. Oh, okay. I thought it was just because you wanted to get a... You wanted to get a... That might have been part of it. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Okay. So there you go. The taboel I've got to start popping it by the handful. Just shoveling it down our push. Where do I get it? You know, we got to find out which mall is peddling it. Because I don't want to wait. I don't want to get it because you can order it to the internet. You wait for it to come in the mail. I don't want that. It's way it is with me. I find something good. I want it right now. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and poor lottery. Hello. Hey, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. First of all, I'm going to tablai. Mindy line is taking up for two years. Hello? I'm listening. Okay. She's been taking up for two years and her weight has stayed down. Yeah. That's actually where I get I tell you that, sir. Okay. And I sell it in the... Call school more. I think they got to go to the... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Okay. Okay. So Mindy line is taken up with you. She also had her eyes done, which was on TV for that. Mindy line. She's taken up to have a life. I'll come to Saudi. It doesn't seem that it's all much about it. I had two calls. So it's darling Evans from Kiss Country. Girl, you know, in some Kiss Country is taken up. And the fills too. But where is she putting them? I don't even know who that is. I don't know any of those Kiss People. I didn't meet Bob McHate. She's a nice person. Good girl. It's a big girl. So we're alone. And Bob McHate, I asked you where you're about him. And George says he's an asshole. So I don't know. I made him. I thought he was okay, but George says it. He's an asshole over and over again. He keeps harping on it. Bob... Well, fight out about this stuff. And we're not going all the way up. The Girl springs to get it. Girl springs to me is like... Yes. You know what I'm saying? I mean, if I were getting a free meal at 1 in, that plays as a pair like that. I might consider going up there. But other than that, would I ever go to Girl Springs? No, not my cup of tea too many gangs went in around Is that thing going to stop Georgia servicing our fax machine back there by the way when he's finished servicing it it might Stop making all that squealing noise. God is that thing annoying So I retract what I said about this fax here, you know from a beacon health plant thought it was gonna be something about the metabolite Which now I find out by the way that everybody in there brother has been taken this grant your cost double comes in it. Oh, I took it At a kind of work, so it takes away your hunger, but it does make a speed jump a little bit. It's a little bit like speed See I don't need that I guess I could try it and see if my blood pressure goes souring if I have a stroke right away or not But that doesn't sound too promising because the last thing we need is God damn speed You know what I'm saying like let's call off what's your name? CFC's maybe peddling this huh Linda energy So anyway this beacon health plant facts turns out to be a whole song that it ends with Bible prophecy and Some of you why children become murderers and all is below me about sin and this and add all the other crap Okay, waste in our fax paper. We just put brand new in can fax paper in there and this jackass from beacon health plant is Waste in our fax paper with a pile of crap super fishes. Hope is focused crap Don't do it again pal. Okay, you're gonna burn and help Somebody also faxes me this from the Hollywood grapevine It says did you catch singer Britney Spears uplifting performance on Nickelodeon's kids choice awards? It asks it must have been pretty cool there in Orlando, Florida Under the hot lights Somebody get the 17 year old pop star abroad folks were talking folks were talking about the segment for days after Pualed by earlier hullaballu over whether she's had breast implants Something is sure different we phone Nickelodeon's bra brass We're explained that spirit was covered up during rehearsal and there wasn't much they could do since the show was live It was inappropriate and network executive says unfortunately some things are beyond your control and live telecast Spears handlers So to speak the ones who put her in a bra and skip the hot pants to those sexy photos rolling stone say we have nothing really to say Nestle had something to say a Yankees sponsorship of a tour after seeing the pictures And I'm sure they weren't the only ones Yankees in after seeing their pictures We can get these pictures or video of this where from Nickelodeon Well, they're not gonna give you no video. I'm sure that many of our perverted listeners out there probably haven't They'll be willing to make you like a tenth the virgin copy 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile implantation hello. Oh, come here. Yes, sir. They haven't product out metabolite metabolite makes Crapping it you want it doesn't have the caffeine and everything cuz metabolite does jack you up. Oh, okay That and it's good It doesn't have the caffeine and it's called the tab of slim That you can get it the brow or ball brow or mall. Yeah, they have it and it does a work it works for me I mean I've lost some ways, but well how much? Like 20 pounds. Oh good let's The metabolite seems to jack me up a little bit you feel kind of wired But the type of metabolism does it doesn't have any caffeine. The tab of slim. Yep. Okay. Thanks. You got it there you go ladies and gentlemen The tab of slim without the caffeine all the other said Let's of course you want to be hyped up and start like guilty all the time. It's not like you're on helium 560 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Thanks. They're a good friend truck at the sub center for a great lunch today So I'm Marvin Romance stuck his head in the door there for just a few seconds and a good thing for him He didn't stay around any longer than that What is he want probably got an idea about some TV show now? Thanks a lot for rocking us up with those whammy people not What do you think he build out when he did you know the amazing part of that is I go as so many places And like I was in public a couple days ago. I am such a star in that public If I had any brains I would just do the show right from there right from the sub grass public The people are worked there the people that shop there. It's unbelievable I'm legendary outside of public not too big but in public so anyway one of the young black guys is matter of fact Who works there he was going on and on and on about how much he loved that show and how come it's not on me more and He'd be glad to sign a petition get it back on and papa papa. You know Amazing See those are the only people that understood the show they had a sense of humor the shfarts Isn't care about the guy damn your America all the white people all what's he wearing at beanie for us must be an orthodox use show All the stupid white people out there plus of course the fact you couldn't hear the sound and it was such a piece of direct I might have had some with a two Plus being on that station But I'm glad to see they got all that fresh local stuff on there. You know like the monsters and three stouges All out of the good stuff 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line Here's South Miami hello Yeah, hi Neil yes, okay good am on quick question. Oh, learn it rabbi Not to be the dead OJ or anything but um how Basically question how is this guy gonna hold title to any real property Do such as coconut grove and coconut grove without it becoming attachable. I have no idea that that's what everybody's wondering Oh, is it well, obviously I have a couple quick, you know assumptions why Well, one of the attorneys and gables by the sea one of the places where he was looking says As far as the homeowner's association They said that he's undesirable and they don't want persons who are violent or against whom there are tremendous judgments pending living there Right, so I mean I look at me Okay, that that the pension is is some for some reason I NFL pension no one can touch I never really got the button thing about it again. It's 16 to 25 grand a month Which isn't bad especially for a murdering son of a bitch like him When you come right down, but how can you afford a million dollar home when you're making that kind of money and once you convert that pension which is Unattachable for some reason due to this, you know you can't attach it. They always said that Yeah, but you convert that into real property and you all have a lot of how do you know whose name is going to be exactly exactly So what I'm saying is who is the shell for him down here? I mean I'm sorry Yeah, who's gonna buy the property Oh Roll I got to meet this right man because what do you mean you got a medium right fast to be used to play for the dolphins? Don't you remember right foster? No, no, I was like when was that roll? Here's your girl. Okay long ago He's in our sales department he's right here in the building right now You know someone's gonna show for him and buy the house and run it out to like O.J In other words, he can't hold titles That's right. So what I'm getting at is Who are you going to hold a title of a John strap right now? Exactly without you at all about his golf clubs are probably in somebody else's name exactly, but you know They're they're disguised under such heightened scrutiny. Yeah, I think that anybody who steps in on his behalf for this purchase here I mean should be investigated but of course it's it's for that and it'll roll Okay, I'm being in the dead horse second of all state a hell out of a of a GNC do not purchase anything by twin labs Especially with fuel This is we're talking about maybe speeding up your metabolism and all that this stuff a lot of the stuff has the natural speed and a quality Stetra and I've done things in my life I'm not proud of and I know I know a lot of drugs You know, I don't want to get you specific but it's okay. We understand. Yeah, I try a lot of drug addicts call it sure be there You know It's not a second time, but I know my husband is a boy. I'll be good for a while and I went in and I work out And I take you know chromium and All-quarted team to speed up your metabolism from him causes cancer by the way chromium percolony, but anyway You know this we're gonna grab I okay. I just got through reading that Oh, we're what the library rats. I mean I don't know how much they're feeding them, but chromium percolony Very fast So I I did it once I did I did like half the prescribed dosage and I almost you know Obviously in hell so so what are you trying to say what about the bad thing? They'll wait for anything G and C pawns. I don't go to G and C. Okay good But because as far as I'm concerned everything a G and C is like generic You know it's bad news and they steer you to this crap Okay, I wish I could find a good health food stir-out there and West Broward I mean, you know what there was a joint in Miramar I can't remember that's not a word near me I'll be like my going to cruel slits spray slums to get these things. You know I'm not going there Yeah, well the bottom line is you know the roguics and the diet, you know This you know there's something doctor that might that might bottom line is when you're fat your fat Yeah, I can have a great day Thanks So there's a guy I don't want O.J. living anywhere near here I thought I thought was a no brain or I thought it was very simple, you know and it brought out all this hatred and all these up Notchious people yesterday all whipped up into the world. I mean who gives a crap about this guy? He's a murdering son of a bitch. Let him go bother somebody else somewhere And like this guy said probably Oh, I'm gonna put his name on the on the thing Isn't that great? Or maybe some of the other O.J. Let maybe our buddy Sam And exchange for the autograph maybe to put the house in his name and all his maybe Greg Reedle put it in his name He's a big shooter. In fact the rumor I was here with that Greg Reedle was gonna sell his house to O.J. What I heard I heard that Roar is it a seating on that deal. Oh, he's going on the morning show We already talked about that. Oh, but he's serious. It's gonna be the just a Jackie's fucks up roar And O.J. Joe's a gacky warrior. No, J. Are gonna be in a morning show where we know that I got news for the day that O.J. walks in that's the day that I walk out just keep that in mind, okay? I don't help bringing a lot of revenue not Twenty four well we'll probably get pap eyes on you anyway Twenty four noon at five sixty WQM. Don't let you go We love you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah In you lost the glove and it's what we have today We have a lot of blood And it's not a DNA and so we love you With the care we thought you had As we loved you But the fifth was real You chose me goals But we never found the night We need more proof to show That you murder your required And so we'll love you Because we brought up for you That And we'll love you We get things to hide in there Welcome We love you, yeah, yeah, yeah We love you, yeah, yeah And we'll love like that We know you deserve that And with some gloves like that We know you deserve that And with some gloves like that We know you deserve that And that I got a story Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 14.05.50. We got the Marlins and the Cubs 145 and a Jim Ed Dogmatic After the game we got it, Captain Clark tonight When you hear this story and it's not a story, it's a reality, it's true And we were joking about this this morning I don't want to say Greg Reed told me this But somebody inside our organization here at WQAM Since our good close personal friend OJ has been cruising around town Looking for a place to live and evidently Is serious about coming down here And polluting our already polluted town even worse Somebody inside the building said if OJ comes to live here Would you hire him and give him a show on the station? How many guests did they need before they found out That the person who asked the question was Roy Foster And he was serious Can you imagine the phone calls that would be coming in here? We get phone calls. We never be sure to phone calls I guarantee that we got a couple of open lines right now But I guarantee if we had OJ working here those lines would be smoking I said to Greg what do you mean driving a bronco to work every day? Yeah, he'd have to have real covered parking I mean like real secure Like deep inside the bottles of the building somewhere So let's get some thoughts on that What do you want in the morning? Would you rent a divorce team? Would you rent that like OJ and roll? Maybe we get the water now to you on that show too And one of the salesmen who said I want to mention no names 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Maybe we can also get to Brian Bladeshow What's wrong with that? Bring Lawrence Phillips back from Europe. I have Lawrence Phillips OJ and Brian Bladeson here together Mark Dupershow Huh? The sports criminal station. What's wrong with that? Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Ah that's the tabelife. Yes. I have taken it often on for the past year And in there's a lot of I 135 pound. Really? Yes. Rue started 335 and that on to 200. And what are you eating? What is it? I just eat normally I have a I have an I have an I have I eat three mil A breakfast couple chicken breasts Some salad for lunch and then for dinner I just have a nice normal dinner steak, rice, whatever So even eat you start on this diet. Yes. And still losing weight. Yeah. 135 pound. I have pictures to prove it to him. Do you feel wired on this? Do you like you doing speed or Okay when you first take it. You get that little bit of a boost. I mean it's not like you're on speed. Like you're sitting there going, okay here they're everywhere. I don't mean from the pill. I'm talking about when you started with all that weight you had. Did you have any high pressure? I had some high blood pressure, some stuff like that. But it didn't, you know, all it gave me was a little pick up. I noticed I was at work. I also worked at public and I was the one you go to. But, you know, I was there and I was things were going a little more quickly. I had a little more energy in stamina. Yeah. And it took me a year, but I mean I got 135 pounds off because of it. And the best, the place I get it is right on your way home from work down at a time of work. That's not my way home from work. Well, I'm okay. So a little out of your way. A little out of your way home from work. Okay. Maybe not. What about the Broward Mall? I heard the gentleman say that was there. They used to have it over at the Southwest down over by a, where Brandt Mart was. Yeah, not anymore. I don't know. It might have put it back in there. How come it's so difficult for me to find out from these dead-hidden assaultings where I can go get this to? I don't know, but they say it most major shopping malls. I mean, they do this at Kia's, right? Yeah, yeah, those little carts in the middle of the mall. Right. And it's like 50 bucks a bottle. 50 bucks a bottle for how many pills for a 9-8? I think it is. I can handle it. And maybe half a bottle. They also have, they have that. They have the stuff that he said with the no-cafine in it. And they have a new one called the Cabo Knight. They're supposed to take while you sleep. Yeah. And it helps you sleep. Doesn't close to be jumpier or anything like that. It also helps to keep your system up and stuff like this. It keeps it up. Yeah. No problem. Okay. All right. Thanks. Keep it up. Keep up the good work. There's a guy lost what he says, 45,000 pounds with metabolite. I'm going to try to find out where I can give me some like right away. Because I'm not giving up my cheese. I'll throw it at that right now. The other stuff. I got to stop with the sugar. I mean, I'm just kidding myself. Being diabetic. I'm killing myself with that sugar. First of all, that jet Gordon. What I'm talking about jet Gordon, he'll kill you. He's like one step away from OJ from where I said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T world of slime. I mean, just stopping to think about this. Talk about Hutspa. Roll. Goes to Greg Reed. Seriously. And says, if OJ moves down here where you put him on the air, would you give him a show? How do you think this audience would react if we had the OJ Simpson show on his radio station? Or if he was a part of any show? How about let's get him on this show? Huh? We have an extra mic show. I don't care. Like I told him on the way. He went out to the door and said, just remember my new attitude. I don't care what you do. He could do the sports updates. He could be doing the sport. They'd be a little bit longer though because he speaks with that thick tongue. He's a little bit on the in our particular side. You know what I mean? What like when he says, a kill in the coal? Yeah. The QAM's come back show. It's there would be his producer each said. I'm sure he would. Just for a couple of autographs. And maybe for a couple of OJ spills. Was you know, some of the skankier blondes that are quite up the standard? All I guess probably Jordan Knight is, you know, sharing with the same some of his, all of a sudden, you look better than he does. And you don't look that good. No, seriously, he's got a test Jordan Knight. Tell him I said that. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th. Tell him I said that maybe he'll buy me a Rolex watch. Here's a lady mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. I'm doing great. You know, I'm all worried about the OJ and Neil show. Yes. The woman the call yesterday. The black woman the call yesterday. She hit it. She hit the nail on the head and she didn't even realize it. Yeah. She said, OJ learned his lesson. And I mean, that isn't, isn't hitting it. But you know, I wonder if Hitler learned his lesson. Maybe that's why he blew his brain down. I'll tell you what. You know, I live in Plantation 2. And I would love to see OJ walk into the Jackaranda golf club. I mean, just he seems that people are really going to welcome me. I think you at the Riviera club in the Pacific Colisees. I mean, and it has nothing to do with this color. Nothing because you and I both know that he is his weight as you and me. Well, that's right. I mean, for the love of God. He's been doing that. That's what I found so disturbing about yesterday's show. You've got so many angry black people. I understand why they're angry, but Jesus. I mean, he was dead. Maybe he would date a black girl now. He'd like maybe one of the jurors, daughters, for them. No, he's not going to be. He had no. He's a white woman. He'd poke white vacations with his weight in lives. Right. He'd ever see one picture with his mother sitting in the wheelchair. But he's been a lot of time in Hawaii. I don't think it just had to do that. Oh, I see. He's a sexy co. He's so many smartsters in Hawaii. I've been there six times never saw any black people. Well, because he was with all his white people. He only time really. I mean, if you really want to say it, the only time he really needed his black friends. He was a black friend. He was quite an iron crime. He was driving the Bronco. And he needed his family, which he probably hated that they were living in his house. But he needed them every day at the courtroom. No, no, no. Other than that, we're going to have to hire out cowlings too if we hire older. I'm calling. All right. I think it should be like the Hank and O.J. show. Like the juice and hammer or something. The juice and the hammer. I like that. Yeah, maybe he would like. He can broadcast from, uh, let's see, not, uh, shoal is. But we'll find him a new bar in the broadcast from. Okay. We got some right here on the 441. I think he'd do great. Okay. Thanks. Let me nail. See you. O.J. Simpson comes to WQAM. Oh, it's a very jackass. Find out about this. Oh, oh, oh, oh. A O.J. Oh, God. I'll tell you one thing, not because of his skin color. But just because of him being a murdering son of a bitch. Because of all his buddies or another part of the building. Keep him on that side of the building. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, 10th, 10th, 155, 100 opens lines right now. As you'd expect. What's your dead head? Here's Miami. Hello. Do you know, right? Yes, sir. Speak to me. All right. I got a couple of comments and a couple of questions for you. Um, as far as O.J. Uh, the reason I'm upset with him and I'm upset with the system is. I don't think it's going to end up with him being black. It has to do with he bought his freedom. Anybody else would have been regular lawyers or would have you. They would've gone to jail forever. And I got an idea of what we can do to keep him from coming down here. Yeah. We should tomorrow morning, we'll all fly 5 miles an hour and block all the roads. Let me think about that. Yeah. Is that a good one? Another question for you. Maybe a little bit of a van will be replaced with that. Yeah. Or a higher lea, we're on from. Yeah. Um, as far as O.J. doesn't still like a lot of money from this lawsuit. And how can you buy a million dollar house? Well, that's what the guy was saying. He can't do it in his name. I have no idea how that works. Okay. And my wife, I said he probably do it in raw. Well, my last question. Um, and maybe the colors can call in or if you got something. And I'm serious about this. Go ahead. What can we do? What can we do by what? What do you do? You said that he was going to move up somewhere north and they did something to keep him from going there. Oh, well, they made it very obvious that they didn't want him there. They screamed and they hollered. They made a big fuss out of it. And they ran around with signs. And we don't want you here. You're murdering son of a bitch. And when I brought it up yesterday, I thought I'd get to say my response. And instead, I got four hours on hateful race relations on how black people lay white people and vice versa. Well, let us know the one. Let us know where we know where we have to go to screen and how. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. See. Well, there's a guy's pissed off. He don't want to his murdering son of a bitch coming in here. And our good friend. Roll. That's a hood, but it's seriously inquire on behalf of his close personal body. What do we hire him here at WQAN? And he obviously thinks it's a joke. They think it's a joke. He was serious. He was dead. Serious. Three minutes till known at QAN. A few minutes. And then you'll see. You said I would do all these. Think some sense and four will leave. Now she's acting with goddies. I got a problem. The energy. My nose is up. Now my left in the middle round and round. Has it left for three days now? Whoa. Wow. Wow. Wow. I'm way through the grand. In the afraid. How many girls do I have to pay? My hair fallin' out and it's been hard to pay. Did I solve in the energy? You know that's not hard. It's been so much fun. I've seen. I got one and a half. You're a peckin' and I'm a peckin'. That's your adventure. So he's out spending a lot of day. And that's your off from wake-up. Who is your crazy? For doctor, for scint of death. So pay. A-sa-sa just uses things. I'm also up. Now I'm getting all about the round. How's it left for three days now? Whoa. Wow. Wow. Wow. I'm a peckin'. You're a peckin'. You're a peckin'. You're a peckin'. You're a peckin'. Whoa. That's a peckin'. Four, three, five, six, six, six. You have to be two at the ball game. The pit cancels today. That we have to roll it. Roll it. Roll it. You know what you're doing together again? Oh my god. I just don't know how to react to that. And you know the interesting part of the set is part of the whole deal is forgetting about any racial aspect that like we heard yesterday. The sports nerds. I bet you most of them would say, Oh yeah, he really knows this football. And it'd be great. You mark my words. Here's a facts from my Howard who says, I'm not sure if someone pointed this out yet, but take a look at the package that the metabolite came in. I don't have it yet. I believe one of the components he says is a fedring. The fedring is a bronchi-o-dialator that is meant for use by asmatic people. It opens the air pockets in your lungs. They're by allowing your body to take in more oxygen with each breath. This will speed up your metabolism less causing your weight loss. This chemical a fedring is the primary component of an over-the-counter drug. I often see sort of gas stations called minithins. In college often saw students stay up while cramming and use this stuff. Truckers who would like to stay more alert for an extended period of time. Often abused this drug. Therefore it's practically a legal form of speed. A fedring has also been blamed for the death of several people who took too much and stroked out. So says Howard, what's his name? Who signs his name? What's his name? Okay, thank you Howard. I'll keep that in mind. Sounds to me like another bad thing. Like that fan fan. The one that looks like speed. I can't keep them a track of which one is which. But the one that looks just like speed, the capsule. That one makes your pulse, at least for me. My pulse is the right way up. I know I'll take a couple of them. I don't want to say who gave them to me. Who prescribed them? Do I do? I want to say who prescribed them? No, I won't. And this is a few years ago. I was like two or three years ago. Made my pulse rate elevate like bad big time. Which took a hell of a long time for it to go back to where it should be. And number two it made me, it didn't do a goddamn thing. Other than maybe feel like I was on speed, which I was. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm trying to say about? Maybe feel like I wasn't speed. I could do it for our, I could do a show in a half an hour. Go home. I could do the whole four hours in a half an hour. Here's a mobile and okay. Okay, I'm going. Okay, I'm going. Yes, sir. Hey, congratulations to your leaps. They beat my 10s. Yeah. And wait, what? Those are coming to bottle. You know that. Well, it's not going anywhere. You got to move your ass, you know. What about the rest of me? The rest of it follows. Okay, I hear something. What does that mean? What does that say? It moved my ass. Well, you have to exercise. Yeah. Well, don't feel off tweaked off of me. I want to give you a different take on this. Yeah, OJ should get, you know, drawn quarter. Yeah. He bought his way out and all that. He did kill that woman in that guy. He didn't even know anything else. You know, that's fine with me. But you know what? He wouldn't have got off of it. It wasn't for the media. So I think it's perfect for the media. I think you guys deserve it. Because if they wouldn't have had throwing retard jurors because of the tremendous publicity Something like that gets in this country, all the time. You know, he wouldn't have got off. I think if that had halfway, Saudi jurors who weren't looking for, you know. I think that's a great pleasure. And sympathize with him. The juror, the juror, the poll, was polluted. The day that the day that they directed that jury was the day that they might as well have ended the trial. All right, great. But I've played the media for the fact that the... I don't remember this couple of, well, I'll say what? Even the back of biblical times. The guy did something wrong. If they didn't kill him, they might have spit on him. They might have tattooed him and made a movement time to 10. Every once in a while, they let him pick up the shovel and dig a hole in order to some money to feed himself. Everybody said, well, Adam looks like he's starving to that. He's making 16 to 25 grand a month on his NFL pension. While he's not playing golf, he's not missing any meals. Well, you know, also, you figure, I have 150,000 of our condo. I read it out for a thousand. So if it's a million dollar house, it's going to run off for 10,000. And he still got, you know, 15,000 left to pay lawyers and pay taxes and whatever else he does for this one. Yeah. So he can afford that. Okay, great. Thanks for the good news. Yeah. I'll tell where it's all said. All right. Hey, look. He is off. He paid millions and millions of dollars. And he got off your squint. He paid millions of dollars and got off. He went out and wrote a bunch of people in Serbia. Yeah, okay. My favorite. He murdered a bunch of people in Serbia. Oh, my God. Just stop and think of all the people Roosevelt. Merdudon, Germany and Japan too. Yeah, sir. I've talking to people like you. I'm going to put away the rest of my lungs. Thank you. I've been looking at my diet. This is the guy that told me to move my. Correct. In fact, I'm going to be moving my bowel very soon after that call. All these people that have the long stretch in the long reach, you know, because of their intense their obsessive hatred, you know. I don't give a crap about your politics or this man murdered two people in cold blood. And the idea that you want to start comparing him to a Clinton or this one or that one. I go pedal at someplace else. Just mean nauseous. Basically want a puke. Thank you. Nine minutes past noon at five, 60 WQM. If you're you, Aaron. She's like this. She's in for a little kid. Watching mom and dad. She's been through the heat hole. I'm not from the other hand. Mom and dad were playing pegs. Why fair on the bed. Mommy, you start bobbie. At the pillow workout he's had. Mommy, 10 West Bobbin. Geo, most got whipwashed. I don't know what she was drink about your got him. Nope, must dash. It's been through the heat hole. And show what I see. But I'm short dude like in more than 80 on ED. Mom and dad were hooked together. Like my Lincoln Walk. What a time I saw something like that. Mom wants yellow at the door. Dad wants breathing heavy. Mom wants on her knees. You have to pat a pool pool because she's kicked them. Well, he peed. He's been feeding the pees. Watching mom and dad. Getting turned to the heat hole. The most on the other hand. Mommy watched a little longer. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Talmer, why mom asked for dick. Daddy grilled it in his eyes. Daddy's got a little fat. Mommy wants it more. She's going back on top of him. But oh he's getting worse. Beep in through the heat hole. Hi, bro. I'm getting out of the house. I can't wait to drive it. That's unbelievable. In my class. You know, I've interesting how somebody's people are manipulating push to the factors. Nothing in a story that says, oh, Jay's looking up. To a right of house. He's looking to buy. Hey, house. Now maybe Roy will just hang over to my for the down payment. Huh? And put it in his name. And then I'll solve all these other problems. Oh, fire house. And of course, if he should come to work here at WCUAM, I guess I'll have to pay him cash and kind of slip it out of the table. Because if he has any extra income that isn't his NFL pension, then that money would have to go back out there to California to the Goldmanz and the Browns. They do that just fine here. Oh, yeah. And not necessarily having to do with money either. But be that as it may. Don't get raw. And fall to me like that. Oh, God. It's just mind-blowing. I mean, you know, we started out as a joke on that before the show this more we're kidding about that. It come to find out that he actually goes to our general mangle here. Oh, yeah. OJ moves here. Would you allow him? Would you put him on the air? How about we put him in the air? Huh? Hey, the QAM blimp would be good. It could do a remote from the air every day. Here's Perrine. Hello. P-Rine. Yeah, I don't know. Okay, sir. Yes. I'm not to me personally. I'm making the races if you because I think it's- Yeah, I'm not. Listen, I listen to four hours of that crappy yesterday. It's got nothing to do with race. Here's a murder, okay. We don't care what color he was. We don't care the color of the people he killed. But all these people don't think to black people. They don't want to say nothing to the brother. But a minute, the black person does something. Boom. It's got a lot of things to do with the car. The New York that's going to jail for life that stuck to broom handle up there. It's not going to be like this. But yeah, nobody's saying nothing about that. You just say him correctly and yesterday for four hours. You're a moron, okay. I have no woman in my life for any more of that. These are people who basically are saying it's okay because of black. I killed two white people. It's about time out of our people. Got away with murder. Isn't that great? Isn't that lovely? Thank you so much for sharing your respect for human life. I've all kinds with us. You racist, pig piece of crap you. He's in parrine. Oh, like I said, let him lose his soul. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Man, I listen to more of that. I'll let you just shake in it. And my head too. God. Everything in this country is either a racial thing or a religious thing. We're talking about people and you wonder why kids have no respect for human life. Because they're learning it from you asshole. That's why. Maybe that's why those kids are running around with swastika's out there on their website and in Colorado. Just like we had these three pumps that were painting swastika's on the table. Do you see that? Where the hell was that? Does somewhere down here the other two days ago? Would they caught him? Thank goodness. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hey, me, how are you doing? Okay. I think we should have OJ on overnight doing a loveline show, giving you advice. You know, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's my mini B, cello. One, no. Yes sir. What's up? You get some great coffee today, buddy. I get great calls every day. Oh, these are particularly wonderful. I hope I can add a little bit to this first. Okay great. I said, and he's talking about the other colors. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Got the Marlins and the Cubs at 145 the set. No, which means we have to cut the short a little bit just like a moil. We have to cut on a bias today. Any interest in a Marlins and Cubs game? Oh, then we got Jim added after the game. Four solid hour six to ten to nine. I'm going to be real interested in curious to see what the other people, my colleagues on the show station, the Jocs niffin crowd, the sports people, what they have to say about the prospect of OJ Simpson coming to work on here here for WQAN. Won't that be real interesting to find out what the other people on the station have to say about that? About OJ coming to work here. Here's a mobile and open lock. Hello. Hey, I'm thinking tired is crap. I don't think we can take the same war. Where is OJ? 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I can't wait to OJ tries to attempt to purchase the home because it's going to be very difficult for him. Not that. Excuse me? Why then? Well, I'll tell you why first of all, because the statute of frauds, he can't even put it in somebody else's name. Even if he uses the payment offshore truck company. He's just allowed, so it'd be very, it would be brutally difficult for him to even attempt to purchase a house in his own name. Yeah. Back to the metabolite for a second. What that basically is is the federal, which is going to be banned by the FDA. That's what I just got through reading effects like this. What it is, very, very simply. If you go to truck stop, you can buy it. That's what I just got through reading. I just got through reading that. Well, I didn't hear you. It's epic dream, which is a class-class. Exactly. We'll be right in it. It's bad for you. It's very much. It's bad. It's bad crap. It's going to be banned. It gives you a stroke. It speeds up your heart rate. I don't want any. Okay. Thank you, darling, Evan. Thank you, Ferrell Remark. Thank you, everybody else. I absolutely positively. Well, take it. I had enough problems with that goddamn fenfen. I'm not going to be taking any more speed. Okay? I'm not going to be taking any more speed. If you want to take speed, if you want to get hooked on that end fenfen, and just destroy your system and have you a stroke or whatever, go ahead and be my guest. I'm not taking it. So you can have all of the cheap rings. You can take it home if you want it. I'm not taking it. Give it to the wife. Let's see if she can. Oh, don't give it to the wife. That's bad. She doesn't deserve that. You deserve it. You deserve taking that. Okay. For all those terrible things you said. Which I don't remember what they were, but they'll come back. Like what you were talking about the Jews I'm Friday. There you go. See all your Jewish people out there. George is going to be taking his stuff. He won't be around long. He's going to be poppin it in the pill too. Oh, seriously. Don't take it. Bad for you. I mean, I've got news for it. There's no magic pill. I mean, how can we all be so stupid, including me? If there really were something that were completely safe, and actually I made you lose weight, we wouldn't be sitting on a biomekkiyosk in a shopping mall somewhere. Hearing a button on a fax for my friend Farrell over the fax machine, they'd be buying up the whole guy dead day on these TV stations within for commercial sake. Hey, guess what? Here's something that's not quite really works. Are you fat parts out there? Here you go. I guess what Virginia. There is no pill. Nobody wants one more than I do. Nobody wishes that the old exercise in a bottle and the fax, the murderer and the trimmer and all other crept that Steve Garvey and these acts of orders are peddling on TV. Nobody wishes more than I do that there was for real, but guess what? It's not. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Neo. Yes, sir. Yeah, just to correct the call of the while ago, OJ can't have a house and his name is that a photo because Florida's one of five things that has homestead exemption. With a judge, they cannot for clothes on his house. They can put a reen on the house. But I probably want to come to Florida. Yeah, that's it. That's exactly the reason they could have put a reen on the house. But if the house is in the wet, what are you cares? Uh-huh. That's what it is. Okay, thanks for the good moment. Okay. Can't get bill withers out. Lean on me. That's going to be the theme song at the OJ house. Lean on me at the OJ show. Maybe you can do the show from his house. He and Roy. I'm embarrassed for what I really am. I'm just humiliated. It's one thing that he can't get over his personal friendship with this comeback. I mean, that's up to him. That's his business. But to extend it out to like stick it out and everybody else is face-o-to-speak. That's just over and above the call of duty. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, Neal, hi there. Okay, sir. You had a black woman that called yesterday that says I'm put about since he was from ZoJ. Was acquitted. We should just forget about her. Relievered alone. But leave her home. How come one Rodney King? The police officers were acquitted after the beating of Rodney King? And all those people write it that they forced the government to try those police officers again, so they were convicted. Because they wanted justice and they couldn't find on Coral Young. That's right. But you know, but that was not the case. Why people are supposed to want justice? Don't understand a logic here. As we've been getting justice for a long time. And now it's their turn to get their justice and screw us. It just doesn't make sense anymore. The court doesn't. Of course it doesn't. Like this guy that calls from Perron a few minutes ago, it's given me a son of a dance about, you know, we're supposed to forget about it because when somebody liked something to black people, we overlooking. Like like in Texas, did we overlooking the lynching there? The national story. Did we overlooking? No. And the guy like and the cop in New York that's going to go to jail for life now? Yeah, and he's still not sorry about it. I don't think it's going to be wrong. He's going to give it to the names of what it's telling what the other four cops did either by the way. Yeah, and the mayor's wrong. He said this opens things up. It doesn't. And besides that, I don't like the Marlin. Okay, thanks for the good news. There's a bulletin by the way. There's a guy who don't like the Marlin. Oh! Anybody out there like the Marlin? No! 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. No, no, no, no. In fact, where is that thing? This, the tabloid. Don't, what was that? Jason Harris. Get out of there. I don't want it anywhere near me. I don't want to see it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to. I mean, you know, Perron was trying to do me a favor. And if she cares about the health of the people in her family, by the way, she would check that out about that stuff because... Not good for you. Not good for you. But what do I know? You know, what do I know? I'm just a fat-old Jew. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. There! Yes, sir. How you doing, please? Great. Did you have to see the swirl the channel six put on last night about the day you see Dell dies? No. Ah! Sounds like, I can't, it's like they're kind of pandering to me. I, I, I see them and running around the star. I see them. Yeah, there you go. I really, really, really, really, really, really, really. I see them and I've been the floati. And this and that and what's going to happen, they're interviewing you. A miscuban guy and that Cuban person and all these bleeding heart Liberals that are sitting here complaining about how it is in Cuba, but they're just like, what do you think about it? Uh-huh. And the other thing is, it makes the Embarrass to be a member of the human race. When I hear people like that P-Rine guy, saying what he's got to say. Is it that pathetic? I want to blow my brains out. Well, that's what I had four hours of yesterday. I got four hours of clients been on the one hand calling, I'll talk on the crap and on the other hand, a bunch of black people that think it's great that blacks can get away with murdering white people. Now, they're, they're playing ketchup. I got more respect for my kitty cat at home. Okay. Have a great day. And back to you. Oh, look who it is. Roy! This is going to kick your ass. Is he really? Well, mine at least mine ain't bloody and losing yet. He's not working here by the way. Oh, do I hate working? Greg Reed said no. I asked him is he coming? No. No. Roy said told me what? No. He ain't coming. No. Tell him all the Jews we're going to band together make sure he don't come here. All of us Jews and guess what? There's a lot of us Jews working here. Huh? Even George will be Jew for a day. Would you be Jew for a day? I'll put it back. You know what I mean? Just pin it back. Like in that movie. What was the name of that movie? Oh, uh, crap. You know what I'm talking about? Where the kid had a, He was going the other way. He was trying to create a force. He was trying to yank it out and a force getting to. Toro Toro. That wasn't it. Yeah, well, whatever was it. Everybody knows the movie I'm talking about. What was he saying? What kind of trash was, uh, Rawr. He said, that's in chill. No, we're not effin' chill on anything. We don't want in here. Don't you understand? We don't want in here. I mean, we just took a poll here. Did two of us, George and he was truly out of the house. I don't know about anybody else in the building. I know some people that would love to have him here. I let, let's say I can think of four immediately who would like be salivating. They'd be grabbing each other's privates. The water not see screw and Roy and Sam the sham. Those four. So we're up against them. We got those four who also, uh, yes. Yeah. And so far only two of us who say, uh, no. We'll take a little poll on this. Twenty seven past noon at five sixty. W Q A M E W O C O. You want the cold? Yes, we want the coldness of our son. Please,. These things are karthens  dark tones. ... like Cent ? I don't care what things things cause okay But I don't care where we love It has been so soon On the 12th of June And no change Man away From that bloody man I don't care what things things cause cause But I don't care where we love I have plenty to eat in quite a little while But I see you still long drive It goes on and never as As it started to find out With that old jay voters Not in the plea And throw away the keys It's a game All the claims All this is a sin I don't care what things things cause okay But I don't care where we love And no more I don't care what things things cause cause cause But I don't care where we love And no more Okay We put this before and stuff all the time We have seven hundred and fifty people in the building No, no no No, no no No one has asked in here, okay, sorry about that Rolls Put it on out of here Go take that scumbags someplace else and put them off on them Okay, got two interesting thing If you get enough information out there You're stuck in all kinds of misinformation Here's a fact this is Don't take that stuff you were talking about If it has a fed ring There's a drug hitter action between a fed ring And high blood pressure medication Also, with tranquilizers and several other drugs and I'll give you heart palpitations to sit them on so on that here's a fact from a guy named Victor who says I knew that since you were on the subject of metabolize some dimlet would eventually call it to put down a fedra fedra's derived from the Chinese plant my wing and spell m a h u a n g how else would you spell that my wing do we have a bit about that as in all and and okay but anyway it says it's been used safely by the Chinese for thousands of years and by my self for the last six years there were horse stories out there about palpitations excessive nervousness etc but in most cases you'll find these people fell subject to the typical american effin way of more as better there's quite a few was right about twin lab they put way too much of fedra than they mixed it with caffeine with herbs more is not better especially in the case of a fedra on the west for bad macos on and on and on he says if fedra is a pharmaceutical version of a fedra which is way too potent that should be avoided all caused stay with the natural and you'll be fine so what do we believe yours we've already had 750 different opinions about it am i gonna take it no no I'm not I've already seen in the last couple years what taken the wrong kind of pills and one particular doctor which is not my regular doctor which had a lot of mention no names and what clinic it was at i'm gonna bring that book it again one day very soon that book about the the uh... what do they call cholesterol the statin drugs only if you have a very short life expectancy do they recommend you take that drug how do you like that did that doctor say that no no because of all the terrible things can do but you're not there by the way most of the doctors you're a bunch of but you're not open up a meat market but your shop bringing uh... beaver and cleaver here's a lady in four-laterdale hello this man is on that guilty this is a lady in four-laterdale why do they this is the same jackass that called yesterday that i didn't want to talk to then and don't want to talk to today that doesn't make any sense and does okay double talk that but but but but but but but et cetera get a life here how do you can go play out party the go play Russian related go play traffic i tell you to go play with yourself but you don't have the equipment obviously five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the mobile one line mobile in four-laterdale hello hi yes sir uh... i want to talk to you about he had the students and column line and all of these things that are dispilences to the schools. And one of the tasks for new robbers, even the years out. Yeah. Excuse me. Go ahead. I think that this is the whole thing. How pretty well, when you get a phone that works, call me back and I'll be able to hear what you're saying that I might even actually be a real conversational, I doubt it. 560560, Pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile and North Miami Beach, Chello. You'll go. Yes, sir. Not a mobile. Here's a North Miami Beach, not a mobile. Yes, sir. That fact stole a little bit of my thunder, but basically what I wanted to cover was that the Fed Ren is a synthetic version. And that stuff is harsh. Yeah. It's harsh. And I've used the effect or the mall long not Wang. My wing. And I have no problems with it. I love this stuff. It gives me the little bit of energy I need and keeps my clarity up. And I really enjoy it. And so whether or not you take the metabolite for not is not the issue to me, I just want you to know that there is a difference between what those guys were saying and what this stuff is. Yeah, which is one. Well, like I said, the effect Ren is a synthetic version. And it harshes hell. I don't know why there's a difference between the two, but there is. The natural version is much more subtle. Yeah. And so that's when these guys are calling it and say, that's not keep buying a truck star, then I know it's not. It's not the same thing. And the FDA is a lot. Well, it's interesting. We seem to have an awful lot of guys who hang out and truck stops. Have you noticed that? Yeah, it's interesting. These are probably the same guys who spend the time with those pneumatic drills, drilling, glory holes, and all the truck stops, too. And you talk about only pharmaceuticals that keep people, you know, the side effects that keep you sick and everything. Right. They don't just keep you sick. They care. Yeah. Right. Well, you know, in the FDA has been trying like hell to ban this part of the, I mean, on a lot of other natural products simply because they can't. The pharmaceutical companies can't get a patent on these things. Right. They don't want to see the market, the natural market go up. Well, of course not because it's not good for Pfizer and for all these other goddamn things. I mean, you know, you're sitting here watching NBC. We're more concerned about the goddamn stocks of the pharmaceutical companies than we are about to help with the public. That's the problem in America because that's the definitely we work. That's right. You got to know. Okay. Thanks. Okay. So I'm going to take this stuff. No. I'm not going to take it. I know how to lose weight like that asshole that call before we said you got to move your back to him. That's what he said. I'm moving it right now. I'm shaking my booty right now right in the chair moving it around. You think the rumors are listening so that one of us doesn't have to call fair all back until they're not getting it. They're listening. Okay. Well, they're he's listening because he is hoping you're not going to be on the day. Well, he was telling me again yesterday about when you filled him when I was sick last week and just go, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Because you two and I keep talking about not going to get in the middle of this because you two hate each other. I have no idea what started except for the fact that he came here and boss you around. And right. A lot of problems with that he didn't keep. A lot of problems with the pressure bringing you a lot of the man. They make a lot of his way. Right. Out of my way for them. All right, anti-Semitic stuff. I thought I didn't come up with a person leave. Oh, I'm about him. You'll be pleased to know that he's going for a citizenship thing. What is it a week from Wednesday? Maybe you're right into him there at the INS office. You can like swear in together. And that's what I suggested to him. You have like a double little ceremony. Ah, sounds great to me. George and remember together again. Oh. Oh. Oh. I don't think I almost screwed myself up again here with this spot coming up. Don't do it, Neil. It's not worth it. You know what I'm saying? They stuck. Not worth it. Don't do it. 20 till one at five, 60 WQAM. Praise my knee. George, Judy. You know she's tough. Hey, if I'm not anymore, let's go to you Mr. I'll spray it off my gavl when I smack you in the mouth. You know she's home spot. Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me your friend. But now, George Judy is taking it to the limit. And in all new, prime time special. Damn, oh, George. Oh, my, oh, my. On Fox, the attorney general, the great diva text is allowing desk or we made to have their final appeals heard on TV before. Oh, God, Judy. You'll see his charge. Do what? Like a discomfort lies a deal with you. You'll must be crazy. If you think I'm gonna buy that loan, a crack. I shouldn't sue the desk by the electric chair. You'll sit in him now. And he lasts for his authority like Jeff on National TV. Can I get a cigarette at anything? No. Don't be motion thrown in our fucking proudest wife. That justice. Death row judge Judy's die. Can I shine, Fox? Show me the meaning of being an honest man. Do you think the best of things ever? There's no sense in your words for the broken heart. And for the heart to leave in a cleanse alone. So hard to believe. What would mean in the night until the night? If soon be turned on and the wild and through me? I could feel the sun. You're everywhere in which When it will be done, it's done. The story of me, of being in our land. I need to walk with you. Tell me why I can't be there where you are. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. I belong at the never end. I'm the stone of the desert. They never say they never gave. Underneath the road, you and the love. You're the broken sword of the endless love. You're everywhere in which When it will be done, it's done. The story of me, of being in our land. I need to walk with you. Tell me why I can't be there where you are. Death row judge Judy's die. I need to walk with you. Tell me why I can't be there where you are. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Death row judge Judy's die. Oh, if that isn't the next single from that album, I don't know what will be. And that will be the head of the year, by the way. That'll be number one for the year. And you're sitting there and that's a great record. Here's such a spick. He actually liked seeing about a week old. So you know, it's okay. And then about a week after then, I'll say, yeah, that's pretty good. I got a brain injury between you. Yeah, right. Yeah, you need a brain injury. That's what you need. Of course, if OJ comes to work here, you might be the first one to get one. You know? Yeah, X marks the spot. I don't think he likes little spicks like you. I've already found three people in here that have ax-handled and ski masks. You know, really? We're going to have a welcoming committee. Same. Oh, and I've had you. I know one of them is down in sales down stairs. Last name rhymes with Drek. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Although, you know something I don't think about it. Now that that name came to mind, maybe it might be beneficial, have it OJ around. Maybe he and I could kind of come to what I'm just standing, you know? Because there we got some people in here that we just assumed not see anymore. Right Todd? Yeah. One hand, white washes the other. One hand, white washes the other. Right. One ax-handle. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay, sir. Hey, stay away from a Fedron. I want to tell you something about it. Yeah, here we go. No, really. This is horrible. It's a horrible drug. It's almost all cold medicines. Yeah. As Settle of Fedron, I come from the west coast from Los Angeles. And in the west coast, you've heard of Crystal meth, of course. Crank. That's what they make a Fedron. That's what they make that drug out of. And they'll make you sh**. Yeah, that's what I hear. Yeah, so instead of having to go to, you know, to get cocoa leaves from other countries, you just go to Walmart or Walgreens. You buy a whole bunch of these cold pills or the raw version of a Fedron. You cook it up with battery acid. That's what they cook it up with. And it's one of the nasty just drugs out there in the United States. All right. It's horrible. I'm surprised nobody had mentioned that, you know, the Crystal meth is very good. Well, see now what they're getting into is the, you know, the pure drug is opposed to the herb and I'm not going to do it. Well, here's a lot smarter than a lot of people just believe because some pure that it's not harmful. No, no, they're saying that the prescription drug, we over the medication is more concentrated and therefore it's a lot more harmful. Well, it's not a stimulant. Yeah, I don't care what they say. I'm not going to take it. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. Okay. 560505060 on the M.O.B. One line. We got the Marlins and the Cubs. Don't go away yet. Please don't mind away yet. They're not coming until 1.45. Don't leave yet. I know it's tempting. Marlins and the Cubs is 1.45 from hardly field. Any interest out there? They want to enroll. They're hot. They're on the road. No. They don't want to know from it. Can't stand it. I may have to save this for tomorrow. This is great. You may be gay test. This is excellent. Three solid pages of great stuff. By a good friend of ours, Dr. Dick and Cider. Thank you, Dick. Here's a mobile and P-Rine. Hello. Pink for I. P-Rine. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's fine. Hello. Hello. I'm here. I'm listening. You got a real crappy phone book. Double to our best. Okay. I don't think that I'm just going to be going to work for you. Because Greg said, she had to ask in the team up at him. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Good new phone. Okay. But don't call us when you do. 560, 560, P-Rine. Here's a Polaka. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm not a racer for anything. I'm the last. I think it was too cold as back. But got from Bari. Do you said I was racer? Yes. I don't think he was admitted in the way like that. I was bad people. I think he said all of the stuff you write people have got away with. What does that have to do with anything? Well, well, well, we're not into a pissing contest. The fact is, here is a human being. We don't care if he's white or black. Who murdered two people. That's all. I don't want to be associated with him. I don't want him living in the middle of the world. Black people be murdered. Would you be saying this to me? Let me, let me say this to you. The only reason that that case got a lot of notoriety was because he's a famous expertball player and you know that as well as I do, there are black people like you'll white people every day in this country and you never hear about it. Yes. So what's the point? What is not like we say about it, it's just that nothing's get done to them. As far as any punishment, they always seem to get away. Yeah, I like to copy New York. Do I have to repeat the same thing that I said to him and the guys that lynched the of the United States? What's that? And how do you know? How do you have this perspective here? You have the mind. Yeah, you come on. Everything you want to turn into a racial thing. Okay. Are you ever going to grow up? No. No. Jesus Christ. How do you reason with people like that? How do you talk to people who are so blinded by racial hatred that they haven't got any idea what you're even talking about? Talk about an e-jerk reaction underline the jerk part. God Almighty. Like I said, underline the jerk part. Where the hell is that thing? Oh, God, a cue up. Oh, six before one. It's just, it's where it's me out. I went through four hours of it here yesterday listening to it. It, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it. We were not talking about race. Can't you get it straight? Don't you understand? And to set him up is, is like some kind of an example of black America who is the biggest uncle Tom that ever came down a pike that wouldn't give a wouldn't get. He wouldn't stop to give you a dime, okay? If you were starving to have to be with dying bleeding in the middle of the street, he just hit the gas on a bronco. Maybe just to get away as fast as he could. You never really know which side your bread is voted on, do you? That's the problem. Always hangin' on a trash like OJ Simpson like he's some kind of a hero. But be that as it may? And like I said, the only reason that the case got the entire world watching was because A, it was on television and B, it was on television because he was a national and international celebrity. He was a household name. He could have been as white as the fallen snow. And it would still have gotten the same amount of attention. 560, 560, 560 on the mobile one line. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 I have thought that it's like you don't go to the soy sauce! I have though drink you have the , but when I eat a clean bag, you're hood every month, I used to be with non-Strebourg. 40 four minutes are everybody on the edge of their oh, but they are okay. I know I am I'm right on the edge of it right now I think I might have been too much lunch Maybe some of these calls that's a little do it every time 5 670 560 pound 560 on the 18T world of slime only now I must be a little bit slow, you know only now I'm starting to understand the whole OJ thing is viewed by black America not all of them just most of them Get even time baby. We just killed two years two whiteies in the god away with it All right, that's the attitude that I'm here in these last two days and it makes me want to vomit Makes me want to puke see I don't know this may sound revolutionary to you But all the people were so pissed off about the way things are here like all the old tubans that want to be back Hey, I'll tell you what go there Like right now immediately not sooner and all the black people that are so disgusted at such a racist country It's said I'm so on an all-injustice which of course there is a lot but who are so psychotic about it I'll tell you what let's find you a nice country in Africa somewhere and instead of those crates at all those other wickedy ships that your ancestors came over in We'll put you like on the you know a nice little luxury liner anybody lining up to go back. Oh, I don't think so It's really old and stale baby. I'll tell you that old and tired For people whose entire lives are nothing but professional hate just filled with hate you hear it in the voices Here's the mobile and West Palm Beach, yellow almost a duper great idea I'm coming to agree with that. What are you doing anybody wants out? We got all these ships lined up at the border just hop aboard and we'll pack you a couple sandwiches Listen, I heard you show you if they couldn't get in I would be Red of center. I think you're a wink-pazing guy. I won't share it back there. Yeah Like cross Big deal listen cello stock and biophon would it come me back when you got a phone that works You got a crappy phone 5 670 560 pound 560 on the 18t while it's lunch Is anybody ever gonna really invent a great cell phone? I really works good. Oh, I mean Jesus all the money That you people are paying for cell phones and air every single day. I thought like that The wonders of modern technology man. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir I just wanted to say that at least we don't write it in a phone-a-lan mark decision goes the wrong way You know We don't tear up our backyard But they think they we in the we in the I know sounds right. Well, I'll ask you something sir I'm asked the question yesterday and of course today to all the room around here that Roy Foster wants us to hire O Jason's in a put him on the air on the station What what is race have to do with this is a man at murder two people exactly? I don't care about what color I keep saying that over and over again, and I don't I couldn't give a crap less how dark how light how black how white What difference is it make he's a freaking murderer? Yes, sir. Okay, and God bless you whatever you're saying 560 560 pound 560. You're on the stand man. He's the symbol. He's the symbol of we finally put one over on white It there you go. He's our boy Even though he hates us like poisons. He's our boy. Oh Here's a mobile-in-pointing beach. Hello I'm Neil. How are you doing? Okay? Did you ever get the racing shuttle? Did I forget it? Yeah, but he did I forget it. Who said that I wanted it? I don't want it. Oh It's what you wanted it. No, I don't want it. Oh Wow, I'm sorry some kind of a degenerate horse-pick. You got the wrong show pal. Call one of the sports shows on this station That's where they compulsive degenerate gamblers are I go to pompot o park once a week, okay? And I win 80 bucks lose 80 bucks win 100 lose to whatever it is. I'm not I'm not a professional gambler. You got the wrong show 560 560 560 on the AT&T Wallace line It's too hard to make man you learn that in your old ages too hard to make the P it away Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a quick comment for you If he would be hired by 560 yes On the team manages the the mad dog Joe rolls is the big dog with OJB decrym dog Cri'm dr. The rabbit dog Thanks for you. Okay, or another solution my taking might be the dead dog 560 70560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wild line I mean, the fact that anybody would even wrote this subject with our management and yet that anybody in this building could be talking about this here Like see the right of us who work here. We are the victims of a sickness That exist inside this building. We have three people who are upset who are suffer from OJ disease You've heard a Neil Rogers disease. This is OJ Simpson disease. They're obsessed They have their noses stuck deeply inside his back and they can't get him out And we're in the rest of us are victims of this all of us We got we got one haul. I don't want to say what officer is down the hall the water not me. I don't want to mention her name She's got big photos on the wall. She's got his underwear. She's got the blood stains come stings She's got every guy. I mean it's unbelievable what she's got in there Incredible I think she's even got a little pile of OJ dropings in there in the corner must he had an accident Oh, is her I mean come on and the rest of us have to suffer. I mean if that's what you're thing fine, but don't bring it to your workplace Don't bring it to work and then punish the rest of us with it. It's like a disease. It's like an illness and then Rollers comes in here. Or it's trying to bring this scumbag in here We weren't lucky and I yeah chill this we were lucky enough that we avoided having warned Spomarney back here for 80 grand a year Do in a three minute pregame show before the baseball game if it'll be listened to By the way anybody want to buy a Marlon spot? Oh, okay Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood hello Lady mobile yes, man. Hi. I'm a for 10 caller The session that I have with OJ is these stupid people who can't put two and two together and realize that he Commit a passionate murder and killed two people being his wife and And these people are so stupid to You want to accept this guy as a result as they're you know to bring it into their family They don't want that thing to do with that they don't care he killed two Why does the around and he's all right with white people who make him work good? You're confused with the fact they don't they want to hear from that either they don't they get their two One and I hate they're too blinded by their obsessive racism and didn't he Val to find the murder in his days of freedom and and what does it hard to do that? It's hard to do that unless of course the murder was a golfer if he if murder had to be a golfer He'll probably find him because he spends all of his free time on a golf course exactly Hello, yes, and you also know that he is now with a 23 year One The co-operator hand one right who is white right? Hello, he's in the white six. I understand yeah, people like up. They can't they can't see the for it before it's for the trees. Okay, so we don't Come down Don't let him get to yes, we'd are just calm down relax take to him the call us in the morning five six seven 560 con five 60 On the 182 wireless law very said Very very sad that we have so many people see I don't I don't give a crap about any of this And believe me I know all about it. I know about homophobia. I know about anti-semitism I know about the religious nuts. I mean I've I've had it from every possible angle and you know what screw them I don't care I'm not interested I am the same feeling about those people as I do about this radio station no matter what goes on here as long as I get paid I don't care That's the key way in my thin way maybe and everybody's hell of a lot further along for it except the sponsors Like today for example I don't want to pick on the water not you again, but the way she made this log out today in this hour I mean some people are getting a major league screwing Even a Kathy world of tussnobody ever got a screw in like this We have live accounts that bought neorodges live endorsements that are good about on tape later on Evidently since you only put one in the entire hour here today Something's very wrong something's rotten and then mark, but am I gonna excited about it? Oh like here. No, no, we don't care At least but I'm the only one in the building honest enough to tell you we do not care We don't care we just want your money make sure the checks are been on time don't get behind when you get your billing get that check right in the mail But I'll run above that we care about service no about anything no And we'll live a hell of a lot longer than most of you will as a result of that who needs the stress Being conscientious caring about things being a professional all of these things about the window when you come to work here And you know something I say Who needs that? I made a clock broadcasting they put a big pretence of all of that did they really care? No, they didn't care anymore than these people do but they just went through a lot of work And we're all to put on the act that they cared because when push comes to show they shoved us right out the door And they did they care about any of us? No, of course not Look at all the great severance deals that everybody got You know the little underlings there that kind of about what four hours pay it all will see Good luck with buddy blood patch and that religious nut good luck to you. You'll need it So that's the way works. I mean when you're especially when you're working for other people if you've got your own business You're working for yourself and it pays to be a little more conscientious because it's in your own self interest But when you're working for a bunch of great robbers like the beesleys who gives a crap? If they want to walk around dressed like that there is their business If they want to walk around like they've been sleeping at a dumpster all night why should we care if they don't care why should we be embarrassed and humiliated? That they look like a bunch of hell beliefs We don't care Grid weed walks around with a haircut like that and then comes in here today and brags to me that he finally got his haircut And I looked at him and said yeah, how could you tell He could have fallen under a weed whacker and got a better haircut than that It's 11 after one it's five sixty wcu a ms bb 60 w U a As the pussy your chance to speak directly to the program director of w q a Hello, time the pussy. Let's go right to the phones. Oh, just you're on the air Oh, yeah, I have a W q a m dream up those phenomenal bumper stickers. Well, it's funny you should ask because I just so happened to have a tape of that promotion's meeting right here So you can hear for yourself Any ideas for that new bumper sticker? Yeah, how about by sixty w q a m with the yellow letters and a blue background and ideas Oh And that's how it happened If you have another question collar Yeah, do you think the marlin they're gonna win the silver ball? I'm afraid that's something you'll have to ask our sports experts in the morning But thanks so much for calling w q a ms and see you're the only caller we got please please call again We'll be back in a moment with more as the pussy Okay, one sixteen and five sixty w q a m we don't have many more calls than the pussy does by the way We have two or three couple and a half hour to kill here before that big marlin game They're already abandoning us you can feel it you can smell the new year 560 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T while the slime a plan I'd bit give me an inspiration though I finally figured out what we need in this place That's a power We need an OJ exorcism is what we need to get the evil spirits out of raw or certain others in our midst Figure will is in our midst 560 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T while the slime very sad tragic Here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello Yes, sir. Yeah, you're good. They're gonna make more money when he gets on that on that station And they've ever made or you think I'm gonna be on a station You think you think he's gonna be on a station If there's a possibility I think they will there's definitely a five-later I think I think we're the healthy get off trying to take morals over money money takes the president over everything This is the new millennial So about making money do all about making money everything else comes second how many and do how many spots do you see him on his Mnattv spots Well, you know, someone's got a break of some going to crack the egg yeah. Yeah, oh, he's got practice. Okay, correct this Yeah, he's a real asset no question about that. Did they aren't people who got clamoring just to Real their names identify with him not 560 505 60 pound five 60 of course unity. What he says it only hurts for a little while Where we going. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I can't I might lead or follow I was at the high zingers, shareholders, meaning yes they would just know big things why couldn't you call you. I heard part of the show about the racial pension and all the racial pension. Well, the racial pension in this country. Yeah. You were from a heat car there. I know what you agree or disagree, but that's just my opinion for what it for. But what I understand is if we don't want to man to move here, I mean look at these human things okay, thanks. 560, 560, 560. On the AT&T wireless line, let's go to a dear field. Hello. Yes sir. Let's change the subject a little bit. Oh please. Okay. Please, I'm begging you. I lost 10 pounds. Yeah. Seven days. It's the low carbohydrate you got. You got it? Well, what do you mean by that? That's yet inside. Well, it's not exactly. You don't have to be this to be grateful and agent. You know, you don't even have to be grateful on the AT&T line. Well, 30 grams of carbohydrates is nothing. You know, in seven days. I mean, you know. You know. So I'd suggest it to you. Okay, thanks. Okay, he's introducing the AT&T diet to me, which I only been doing for what five years now. Can't do it. Can't do it, pal. I just gave a duff our papacy director. I just gave him the book this morning. Because I don't know. And I told him this keep it. I don't know why I can't do it. It works. It's great. It does all kinds of wonders for your blood sugar and for your blood lipids and it's absolutely marvelous. I can't do it. I'm addicted to sugar. Cannot live without my sugar. I think maybe just a fast. Maybe if I just had a pacifier. Other than while I'm working here on the year, that would be the only time I would take the pacifier out of my mouth. You know what I'm saying? Just an even during the breaks. You know, when we're playing a recorded spot in a raw girl, somebody have a pacifier. Can't you can't eat and have a pacifier in the mouth at the same time works for a little babies? That's right. Okay, you got that phone number? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, uh, two topic. Oh, you only killed one white person. Yeah, I don't. Uh, yeah. Got your idiot. It's actually yesterday to the same crap. Okay. My anti-Semitic asshole friend. 5.6705. 60. I'm a lot quicker than you are. Okay. You should retard sounding piece of turd. 5.6705. 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T world. It's on. You see how this brings out all the best in people. All the hate mongers, all the people filled up with their hatred, the Jews and the humans and the shfarters and the white people. And everybody on the facts, everybody else. You're just a bunch of sick, hateful, miserable, uh, idiots is what most of you are. That's America for you. People just wrapped up in hate. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. I've often wondered what is that thing to go on taste like. Yeah, uh-huh. Ask your mama. 5.6705.60 pound five 60 on the AT&T world. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. Okay. Near listen, please. Do us decent people of favor. Yeah. Let this thing go near God damn you're killing us decent people. We don't care about this guy. We're just whether he's black, black, green, and what about us? Yeah. The average, black American don't give a, who, uh, who, uh, right, uh, right. Please, Neil. Let it go. You're killing me. I love you, Sean. I want to listen to, but make it your face. Please. Let it go. Okay. Let it go. Can we wait a minute. You want to come and work and where you're working? Neil, I don't care. I'm not going to fight this guy. Doesn't bother me at all. I don't care. Neil, please. I do care. I don't want to hear. No, I don't care. Too bad. Too bad. I don't want to hear. I don't want to work in this radio station. Do you want to work in here? Anybody? No. No. I thought that's what Ronin Nicole said. Please. You're killinous. 560560560. But I was only one white person there. 560560 and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 122 at the 560 QAM. Oh God, Neil. Coming soon from directors George Lucas and Francis Ford told the, The newest chapter in the Star Wars saga. When the heads of two families collide in space, they become star walks. Within all star tasks, Jangel Jones has Darth Vito and Marlon Brando as Obi-Wap Kenobi. You should not have come back. You're power so weak. You can't win, though. If you strike me down now, my family will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. I must have come back to the world. I'll be your master of the world. How could you know as Tom Solo Mio? Come on, Greta. Don't want someone else. Come on. You're gonna mess with that bitch. They're gonna fight my little friend. Still the other side. Still the other side. She's back a lot. But look. You are. You. You. You. You. You. You. With new feature footage never before seen of the ominous Don Java. Or we will be always close tomorrow. We must die. You stand a freedom evil for Thyser. We can't hide it. Yeah. We'll know how come Han Solo Mio turned Greta into an egg and potato pie. Tony Danza as Luca Skywalker. Yoda. We are. Choticin. Welcome my son. You must go to the integral part. You're gonna die. You're gonna die. You're gonna die. You're gonna die. You're gonna die. You're gonna die. You must go there and learn the ways of the sauce. The sauce is what gives a chat on of his powers. His energy. We read the sauce. You can mic itch in. It's your kitchen. It flows. You can't miss sausage in the radio. The pasta in the meatballs. It combines everything together. With special guest appearance by Joe Pesci as Princess Leonie. Welcome to the phone. You're gonna listen. And you're gonna excited about his phone over there. With his phone rings and buns and a hot pot. And what's your favorite name? This is the hold of my favorite name. I don't think he can tell. Thank you, Jeff. And the word is. Have it on the list. I'm gonna tell. You haven't seen anything until you've seen everything. And don't miss the final chapter of the saga. Return of the judi. Coming soon to a temple near you. Oh. Hey, let's start. See you. I think while with that, I mean if I'm listening to Backstreet Boys, I think Joe Castello can remain an overgrown child and watch auto racing and start a worse for the rest of his life. What's wrong with that? And she was nuts. 560, 505, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18th. He was a slime. We got what? 60 minutes to go into like God damn Marlon game coming along. Just throw it. Throw everything. Throw a chicken with a wood pile. I'll see. There he goes again. Here's a mobile in my in the. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know you're a big, um, something to the lamp sent. Um, two weeks ago, I was at, uh, So we're looking at a magazine at times magazine. I don't know if you've seen it. And there's a picture of when, um, McFoster's meeting, um, The animal full of a five. The rickfoster. Yeah. I know she had a hand. I said it. It's a area. I think it was a skull camp. This is a skull. That's a skull, I know. Yeah. Yes, there is. There's a skull. There was a last a. I think it was a skull camp. I think there was a skull camp. I think it was a skull. It was a skull. It was a skull. It was a skull. last year. I think you can use that. I think it was a skull cap. 560 5060 palm five 60 on the 18 T wireless. Come on. We got 600 empty lines here and 14 minutes to go until I got the ball game. And for that historical sparsion that called a couple of calls ago and killing you with this. Let me just say this to you. Sir, all I did was mention yesterday that this guy who's a murderer wants to move to this town. I never said anything about black, white about the race about any of that. You people, all these people on radio land, whoever the head you are, without your obnoxious obsessive hatred, you're the one that started this whole song at a dance. And I could keep repeating it like a guy named Minobird over and over again. I don't want to guide the murdering son of a bitch working in our midst here, much less living in town. So we need his work in here in his building. And all of a sudden everything in America can be, you can take anything. You can be talking about roasting marshmallows and right away they turn into more racial thing. 560, 0560, palm 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a mobile informed waterdale. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Went to a home and Florence, Genoa, Visa and Venice. And it was absolutely spectacular food with marvelous, but I tell you what I love the most. Driving. I drove through not only there, but we went to four other countries and I drove. Yeah. The courtesy over there is incredible. What you didn't drive in the city then, obviously not in the city. I drove in the city. They're drivers over there. They are not operators. They're drivers. The people over here in this country, if they drove in that country, they'd all be smashed up. Those people know their cars and other vehicles. We saw one accident the entire time we were there. Yeah. And thousands of miles. But when you get in the fast lane, it comes up behind somebody. They pull over. They're courteous, thoughtful, incredibly good driving. Those drivers in Rome are courteous? Well, that's crazy. But they're not just as everybody is in a crazy kind of a way. Yeah, drive. You know, they really move. I mean you go within half inch of each other, but they move. In fact, if you have your mirrors up, they hit the mirrors. Yeah, they know what they're doing. I don't. I was close more eyes in the cab, but they know what they're doing. I don't mind driving over there. I thought it was a blast and I was just really impressed with how courteous the night that people are in Rome. And all over Italy, they were terrific. France, not so hot. Now, France sucks. No, they only have one problem with France, too many French people there. Okay, perhaps I had a great time. Thanks, bye. I'll read it out here. Okay, 200 open lines, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady mobile in Miami. Hello. I'm Yel. I'm sitting here with my 14-year-old daughter. She got out of the... Well, wait a minute. What happened at a lady mobile that it's his own here? Hello. Yes? Okay. I'm sitting here with my 14-year-old daughter. She got out. Let me say it again. What happened at a lady who called on his line? Oh, she's sitting right here next to me. She's my 14-year-old daughter. Oh. I'm...she...she never sat down on the phone. Okay. She wrote her A's grade, uh, C's on silence of the lamb. Yeah. And she never gets out of school on time to ever request it. Can I switch to a large room in the bag? I was wondering if... I know you only were a few minutes left, but if you could put it on the whole thing, it would be really great for her as a graduation guess. Okay. You got it. Thanks a lot. You're the best. See ya. See there, I who has tried to answer the question where she wasn't, she was just a little nervous. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Any other few new picture of Patrick, or after I think he'd go, go out for this guy. Here's a mobile implantation. My name is Hello. You? Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? Okay. Listen, that was just listening to you. And I think it was about two years ago. I went to Colombe. Are you Europe? Colombe? Yeah. Colombe? I don't know. I know it was European or not, but... Colombe was the Colombe. Colombe? No, I was a Colombe. Yeah. And... And where's the punchline? When does it come? Uh-huh. More on. Another idiot. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Okay. Just keep talking right along. Here's a mobile cross-spring, hello. Amy, what's going on? I just want to tell you, you are so much better than Howard's been. Yeah, okay. Great. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. Amy, how are you doing? That this is unbelievable. It's like, all of a sudden, simultaneously, they pulled the plug. Like, everybody ran out of material with the same moment. Go ahead. Swim's to know about all your loyal listeners about a speed track on saw graphs, heading south from commercial. There's about eight state troopers and a couple of are local power-defts of people over. Great. Thanks for the good news, sir. Thanks for the warning. Bye. God bless you. Well, there you go. Something unusual a little bit productive. As opposed to a load last four or five calls, they were all going to, uh, making the same noise. 567, 0560. Eeeeee! Yeah, that's what they were in, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 135 at 560 WDQAN. I can't put it up for no water for it. I'm going to have a cat. No. This is Debbie. Hello, Debbie. Famous student getting through operations, John. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction? And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic vest, such a very face-to-face. All of these things. Uh-huh. It does. I was wondering... Oh, you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. No, not that. It would get right away. The lotion in the basket. Uh-huh. So much. Uh, 5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. The laser surgery. Uh-huh. Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy. It's usually. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It works for the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm looking actually. We can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works for the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make it a point, Anne? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Papparo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I promise you. It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand. It works for the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It works for the lotion in the basket. Uh, okay. Do you like the bag at a point? Me. You want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the bag. I got my skin suit in the bag. Bill. It works for the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What's your lotion in the basket? What do you like to make in the basket? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the camera. Okay. It works for the lotion in the basket. Hello? So what's the point? It works for the lotion in the basket. Okay. 141 at 5.60 WQM. We got three minutes to go until I'd big Marlon game. Oh! Can't wait myself. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hello. How you doing? Okay, sir. Uh, my wife didn't know why you think O.T. stuff was guilty. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. What the hell was that? A moron. What's with your last few calls? You people were out of it. Yeah, well, what do you got, pal? That's not so quick to judge. What were you twice? Were you twice there? Yeah. Roll! Easy to recall. Well, we know that. Okay, thanks for the good news. And this guy's talking about the other colors. This guy's got a bulletin forest. Like, we don't already know about... Roll! You just can't help them, son. Because he's hit with that jock thing. Maybe what's that? They want to hear the same jocks, right? Maybe that's what it was. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. I'm sorry. Talk to you before about the kids in column line. Can you hear me now? Yeah. Okay. I think that something that's been neglected throughout all of this discussion about gun control and everything else like that is the fact that is a good up, a good likelihood that a lot of this is a huge cry for attention to get to become national celebrities. Oh, yeah. You don't want to say that, sir? Bullcraft. Wow. I mean, you know, when do a crap? Total lack of respect for human life. Total disobedience. Total state of mental illnesses, what we're talking about. Not a cry for attention. We don't need more side-cides, riser. We need more mental institutions to put the mentally ill away. That's what we need. Like I said the other day, I've been saying for two weeks now to separate the week from the chat, to take the dangerous people away from the not dangerous people. That's all we ask, okay? Take the dangerous people, identify them, put them away where they can't harm anybody else. Make sure they don't keep getting out over and over again. Like Ted Bundy and Albert DeSelvo will keep breaking out of jail every ten minutes. Because, you know, that is the other thing about our great criminal justice system. When we do catch somebody who's a threat to society, who's a deranged killer, we just for some reason, we let them like walk out the window like Ted Bundy. Or then climb through the ceiling and break out a second time, like Ted Bundy, or Albert DeSelvo. That's America for you, baby. But hey, we're more worried about important things, you know, like OJ, that's what we're worried about, about crap. Because America is preoccupied with pure undelicated, unfiltered crap, that's right. But at any rate, you've got all these amateur psychologists out there. Oh, yeah, these kids are crying for attention, yeah, right. I got some attention for them, there you go. That'll get them attention real quick. Put them on their front page of the goddamn news paper. There you are, here's another one. Put your horse crab. We don't need any more amateur psychology, what we need is a guy named some discipline and some real law enforcement in this country, and not worried about data filling up all the jail cells with people smoking a little bit of weed. Oh, it's that wicked weed, that's the problem, baby. That wicked weed, yeah. Speaking of wicked, well, we got something wicked coming up. Well, we saw that. We saw that, it kind of smells like that. That's right, it's the Marlins, you're gonna almost smell it now. That aroma, that's stench you. Come and we're from Ridley Field in Chicago, baby. It's, uh, we got the books that we got table Brian and Joe Angel of Marlins and the Cubs. They're right hot. They're smoking. They won two in a row on the road. Any interest out there? No. Anybody excited? No. Marlins baseball, baby. No. Are they into it? No. No. No. No. Do you want it? No. You're gonna get it anyway. That's what our friend. Roy. He's telling us. The deal Roger show on 560. WQAM.