Sports Radio 560 WCAM My Ami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show We're talking to Neil called 567-0560 Free-Bredeaded Brower in Orphan 560 on your cell phone The opinion of Neil is yes, callers or anyone else of the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQAM You know, we'd acquisition You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, Neil Rogers Sports Radio 560 You a So blockade, you know, I want to tell you something you're all about just cinema It's just I just take what you said What are they? I just want to hear of this old type on the phone You're gonna put it away I'm not a f***ing idea Well, excuse you, I'm excuse your language now That's fair No job right away Oh, yeah, we're in the mirror And I've got no fear Don't be nowhere, no man, don't be fooling me Back home The Bible is hip And the rule that's still there The choir says that these two have been That Jesus is just dead They've been fed his pain But like a fake man, I'm trying to go in during it That Jesus is just dead And the King is still dead So if he's in pain, the rise is weak And the King is alive and all is dead The King is alive and all is dead So if he's in pain, the King is alive and all is dead So if he's in pain, the King is alive and all is dead Well, excuse me, I'm excuse your language Just not to say you are too late to make the hair open as a straight up. Now while the real Super John Lotton comes in here, who's burnin'? Please add a double suit to the assistant job. I got a obsessed B.C. My friend called me number two. I'm a junior in Chacha, but I prefer you to. I think I'm a pretty stupid. I'm supposed to be a theorized student. Yeah. The blue name is sad and unhappy. It's like a penny to me. Now put away that K-wise, you're darling. I'm going to drop. Just me. I'll over to you. Think you're not silly when I see real your truth. Just you. And for us it all's hell is not true. When would I do? Please make me look like a man. You'll find it hard to sit down and I get done with your can. Back, back, back, back, back, back. Back, back, back, back. We did it. Pain, they're got it. Okay. You're through it. And I'm in a little bit. I'm out. It's like a penny. It's like a penny. It's like a penny, too, man. I'll call you five, six. You have a speaking of the rim man, by the way. Jocacce dello was just saying that as compared to feet. He'd rather check out the old, uh, back to me day the week. Not anybody's in particular, just anyone as opposed to feet. Not seriously, you've got a, he's got a foot fetish in reverse. He just, uh, have a whole problem with feet. At any rate, where'd it how do we start today? God, so much material from that morning show. I'm telling you, going through the roof line where we start with that guy, damn asshole, footy from while in hundred. Athletes foot. There you go. That's why that's why Jocacce dello didn't like him because it's, uh, footy. Anything that was feed he's pissed off. I think he made up the whole story. Now, where was this? This was at some, uh, car racing, uh, celebrity celebrity, uh, race thing. Grab ass thing. And Jocacce dello walks in there. And here in the sitting there in this, uh, and what was the guy from the power 96 doing in there? Jan is young. He was jamming it. He was a celebrity racer. Here's probably making a lot of goddamn noise, which is what he does best in, uh, shaking the walls of Jericho. So anyway, they're all sitting around and it comes athletes foot, footy from while in hundred. It's been in the market for 500 years. And nobody has any idea who he is by the way, couldn't care less. Played a bunch of real crap music for, uh, re-tarded teenagers. And he comes in and starts and goes up to the guy from power 96 who hasn't got any idea. I want to tell you, Jan and Johnny, which is the kid that made all that noise and the production of that, because he's deaf like everybody else over there. He wouldn't even know where to find our studio. Much less anything about where to find QAM on a radio dial. That's how much he knows about this station. And footy goes up to this kid and starts pontificating a whole song that it's about what's wrong with his station and the orangiors. And by the way, good morning to your footy because I know he already told him he listens every day. He listens every freaking day. And about how this never works. Why did they bring the orangiors to these stations? Because he can't do something up the ratings on the rest of the station. And it never works at all. And money they're paying them. They can never make it back with all those cheap cigar spots that they're running. Well, what the hell? What does that mean? That's the most unbelievable thing I've ever heard in my life. All you have to do, you got a pencil, footy. I know, maybe somebody can figure it out for you. If we were selling the spots on his show for 100 bucks a pop and believe me, nobody gets spots on his show that cheap. But if we were 16 an hour, four hours a day, that comes out to 6,400 bucks. That's 30 grand a week is a million and a half a year. Okay, selling a bit about half of what they're probably selling. But that's a million and a half. Am I making a million and a half? No. Are we making a profit just based on bare bones on that? Yeah. So what are you talking about? You jackass? You sifled in? You radio-weasel? Here's what I've got. It's been in the business. What? 100 years here? And why? 100? And guess what? I just took a look at the numbers here. And I realized that they don't have anybody over the age of 10 listening to that station. Man, 18 to 34. Just because it's only the new Roger show that's got these big numbers on here. Right, Mr. Hot Shot? Many 18 to 34, 6 to 10 in the morning. The worst team beats them out. Beats out while 100. The 4.3 share to what 3.7. Can you believe that? Would you have the, that's not even close to our demographic on this station? The worst team beats them out while 100 with their in many 18 to 34. Midday, many 18 to 34. I know sure we got a 9.2 which means between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. We got about a 10 share. Okay. And what's why 100 got in this demographic 18 to 34? A 5.7. Mr. athletes. You know what you can do with your foot? And then keep it away from Joe Costello. We say two by the way. Man, I always thought for these foot smell like a penny. You know? No, I know why. Yeah, because most of the time got it in his record. Joe, when somebody is probably his own. Check ass idiot. Simple then. And have a nice stay footy because I know you're listening right now. Just like everybody else in the business. Well, they can make any money with that new Rogers. We're the only stations keep bringing them over there. Right. Every station they ever worked for. They lost money on this show, right? Am I right? Yeah, they lost money on the new Rogers show. I got news for you. If we didn't have to pay ball, they for all these book is ball games. Anybody water by any Marlin spot? No. Oh, man. They claimed there was 8600 or whatever the paid that was tickets all last night. I got news for you. I saw about enough of that game. I'm talking early in the game when it was still, you know, a contest. When there were still people awakened this town in the Monday night. If there were 3000 people there at the peak, that was a lot. Because the people at war there, they just kind of like all jammed in close together. Because they really didn't make any difference where they said anyway. And I flipped back over there when they were in extra innings and it may be we're 300 people left. Anybody want to buy any Marlin spot? Oh, if we didn't have to, if we had to, it's Greg Reed because of his big sports ass ego. If he hadn't mortgage this whole place to ballty, we'd be rolling a cashier. The morning team, the worst team, they're not losing money. The new Rogers show show ain't losing this station money. Big fat hack in the afternoon there. He's not losing this money. You only think that's got this place mortgage up to our ass and elbow is the goddamn sports crack. Please, anybody want to buy a spot in the Marlin game? 50 cents, we'll pay you a dollar. My name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name is my name name loves your own 20 level of job will launch from hotels although sale to Becky sighs or at home And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's bad. Then put up my ass. That's a little fat bitch who ain't you fat. smell this honey. You little pig. That girl. I don't give a bad God sent me to think the world up. I ain't it. I ain't it. My ain't it. my ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't a sea too wanna me kick out back and jewelry high. I said the problem was some. Proved up my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor, but what's happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper walking his tristler my sentence will fill the moon's about ten feet took a dump of the dick We're over to a dancer had a fucking agon she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Got a knife and my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got all kids and I do I forgot to be a famous rapper they corrected about three notes made on the grapple You know you would do when the women first lead But you must be relieved this guy was fast and the set was pretty cool But I had to go go drop the kids off and move my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it Mine is my aint it my aint졌 it Okay now I feel like a one-row john is morning doing Ten 16 at five sixty.W cuv so anyway getting by on before leaving it and that's stuff just too much stuff today way too much stuff God must be really pissed off, you know Those poor bastards in Oklahoma, Kansas, at least 45 did, probably a lot more than that by the time they sift through all the rubble of those tornadoes yesterday. And of course even in your insurance policy doesn't say act of God, can we regard to like hurricanes and tornadoes in the request, etc. And so why doesn't it say act of God, dammit? What do you pissed off about now? Especially all those good, the upstanding religious folk over there and that s the Bible bill, maybe Oklahoma, Kansas. Right to the middle of the Bible bill. I thought it was only with a bunch of degenerate sun here like us, like up there in Orlando where they had those rainbow fat flags. I thought that s when God gives pissed off. He just gets pissed off all the time. It s another act of God. And he s more on these idiots. How can there be so many stupid people in one country? How s that possible? Think a lot there there, there having a joy ride and then oh, let s go and drive right at the turnito. Does it turnito have an eye like you're hurricane? I guess it does. I guess they don t any more. They show this one, the asshole is pick up truck, damn you got killed. The pickup truck looks like it looks like a piece of paper machete at this point. Looks like somebody just picked it up like that. They squashed it like a bug. And he s lucky to be alive. Wow, must have been the God. It was looking out for me. God, yeah. I come God didn t give you a brain so that you could like stay the hell inside and not get yourself almost killed driving in the middle of a, oh, this big ass wild looking tornado. You see that thing? 80 mile path that just came right down to the ground and you know, usually they bounce up and down and around and all over the place. This one liked, I guess you wanted a little free trip on the Hershey highway there. 80 miles right across. It s another act of God. God, does he work in mysterious ways, you know, Before I get into that morning show this morning and by the way, greatest calls I ever heard my life this morning on a morning show. I m not really sure which was the best, whether it was that we got a new name for the morning show by the way, Joe and the bagel boys. That s the new name for the worst team. I mean, it s better than the worst team sounds, you know, like almost negative, negative story, but Joe and the bagel boys, I like that. I mean, you got your van Gogh boys and the back street boys, what s wrong with Joe and the bagel boys? You jackass, you silly old Jew. I m glad you were stuck out there on a palm middle by the way for now. And that was a great call. Here s some jackass. It s stuck out a palm middle expressway calls in this morning and it s very upset because some color before the, then is the bagel boys. Well, I m sure that if somebody would have called your show and made some derogatory comment about Blacks or Hispanics that you all tree would have jumped down or thrown and hung up on them and I m really offended and upset. Well, Coxle hoist pal, okay, and get the chip off your shoulder. Get the bagel chip off your shoulder. Bigel boy, crazy bastard. I just thought I passed this along in the passing new Hampshire repeals ban on gay adoptions. Conquer new Hampshire. How come it s Concord Michigan by the way, and Concord new Hampshire? Anybody ever figured that out of you? No. No. New Hampshire on Monday repealed a ban on homosexuals becoming adoptive or foster parents leading Florida. The only state left with such a prohibition. Let s hear it from Florida, baby. All right. And you can be sure with the, the jeeps during there now. You can be damn sure we don t have to worry about that. What we do have to worry about though, is that last night, this was their, I told Joe and a hall. This was the greatest call in the history of talk radio and that covers a lot of territory. The one I heard this morning. Just before inter-the building, in fact, I almost had a change my underwear six times after hearing this call. Some hysterical, not an old Julio, see George always says, while just the old Julio s in Domino Park. There s plenty of other brainwashed masses asses in this town who ve been raised. That s all they know. There s a whole life. It s like their life isn t a, in a, in a little camp, like in Concentration camp. They s a little, you unlock the door and let them out so they can find a real life. What life is really all about losing the baseball, which I told him. I mean, was there any chance you were, was there going to be anybody? No, no. They could, they could be the girls team in a fixed game. No, no. So was there any doubt that the Cuban national team was going to win a came out? Is that, is anybody cared, which most of us did not? And this guy s assertion on the worst team on the Joe and a big al boy show this morning was, this was the worst thing that ever happened to the United States. Oh! And I'm thinking of myself, Scott, I wish I had this guy s problems, you know? In my family, we always had this expression. That should be your worst problem. Sir, that should be your worst fricking problem is that the goddamn Cuban national baseball team beat of all the more Oreos like everybody else does in a stupid ball game that nobody cared about. It was right there on my small dish. Did I watch it? No, no. In fact, I flipped over a couple of times there when they reigned the lane. I made a mental note, be sure not to tune back again, because the game might actually be in progress. No, no. I mean, when are you people going to let go already of this madness of this insanity? I will at least say had some people there for that game. Unlike the marlins. Anybody, anybody please? You know, if the Sam is always looking to send a nephew up for busy work, make it look like they're really doing something. Why not send out the QAM van and try to sell spots on a marlin games? We'll just find all parts, honestly. Well, take one of our sales holes. Most of the day running around here, like chickens with their heads cut off, do a nothing. Take Todd Drek out there. He was just in here stirring up a bunch of crap. Come out on the road. Please don't bring him back. Or take that Peter Leonard guy out there and put him back in the same dumpstool that he just topped out of this morning. And, you know, take the salespeople out on the road and sell marlin spots and various locations. Like maybe you're right out here, like an Ivory Road, right by the ballpark. Anybody want to buy some stuff. But we got, and you know something you think the crowd last night was small. The smallest in Marlin history, which they've lost 100 in the row now, something like that. Wait till tomorrow. Now tonight we got the big game of course. That'll be a pathetic. But wait until tomorrow afternoon. Which we have another one of our Neil Rogers interruptors shows tomorrow. We have the marlins and the Milwaukee Brewers. The game is at one tomorrow. So that means the pre game at 1230. Now can you imagine on a Wednesday afternoon in the middle of the week? Can't you just see all these people taking off from work to go to see a marlin game? No. Seriously, you could fit more college students in your average size phone booth than there will be at that marlin game tomorrow afternoon. Am I right? You bet your sweet ass. You bet your smelly spincter. And then I hear this morning talking about, wow, the stadium and y'all that you're saying, oh yeah, it'll get done. Everybody over our dead bodies, it'll get done. No, but there is no interest. Nobody cares. Nobody wants to go. Nobody wants to participate. Dave Joseph writes this morning. Marlins come up empty on the field and understand. You're so damn negative Dave. You have to keep writing all these two things. How come you can't blue sky a little bit? By the way, nice going Michael Nale, who said of charismatic and a Kentucky Derby went on a list. It's a throwout. When it doubts your own out. Nice going Michael hold a mail. By the way, Dave Halberstam still hates you like poison and so to wait. Well, if we got the big old boys in the morning because there's two Jews on there, Joe and the two Jews. What are we here? The spick in the, uh, not a call. The kite. Oh, we got a nice choice with you. Yeah, we got several choices. Yeah. Here's a mobile and four. There's our first call today. Not here for the Q amp. Just to again boys and girls. There was our first call today. That's the office pool. Which day this year? Which day this century will need to actually come in in the morning and the folks just will be working the way that we're at. It's supposed to work. Is that going to happen any time? No. No. We've got to get a lot of those cheap cigar spots on the year to get new phones system. Here's the round. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Leo. Yes. I know well those tornadoes happen yesterday and where God's match because that game yesterday were the Cubans. Uh-huh. That must be it. No, but on a serious note, you know what I, I, I, I, I hate these Cubans to come over here and they, they, they want to tell us what we can do. We can see it. They can't even tell on their own land what they can do. How come they want to answer the phone, George? He's not talking to you. He's talking to me. Just to do your thing in there. Every time George hears the worst Cuban, all of a sudden the hair stands up on the back of his eye. So when the calm down, I don't care what this guy is. He's got to write to say his piece. Let it let him go ahead and rip the tubans. Not only do I have to write to him, I piece. No, but I, it's true. I mean, they couldn't do nothing other there. So they're coming over here and now they want to be bosses of a land. That's not even theirs. Want to go be a boss in Cuba. Right. You know, go manage a base back in a moment. They don't want to people to plead it on this. Yeah, when you're over here driving number says, man, then you go home to AC. It's okay, right? But you say, oh, they don't know. No, they don't know AC DC. So you've had it right. Yeah, and you know, and then it's easy for them to say, oh, they're over there. Yeah, the humans over there. They got a rat man. You guys are eating steak every day over here. You ever had a rat though? Taste like a penny. Yeah. Okay. Does. Let's play that song pennies from heaven. Come on, everybody. When it rains, it, yeah, let's sing it. Probably people eating rats over there. I don't think they're eating a rat. My Rob Boostamante says she wasn't thinking about such lofty ideals of speed or of expression and freedom of the press last week. When she banned sales of cigar fish, you know, not what my international airport. But this, this, it's, you know, I brought this up yesterday. Nobody wants to talk about it. But I will anyway, because it's just ponders and old and debilitating. And it keeps this town being the banana boat place that it is and always will be. See, I hate to break the news to you, sir. To one that called on a worst thing this morning. I was going to make a noise. So I hate to break the news to you. Nobody in their right mind gives a flying crap about some stupid ball game. That was played in Baltimore or any other goddamn place last night. Okay, sir. I know that coming is a great shot to you and you're silly little ego. Give it up. Okay. Give it a freaking rest and give us a chance to live a real life in this God for second time. And this once beautiful, palatial place before people like you came here with your one dimensionally end of all minds. I hope you wake up tonight, sir, in the middle of the night and you turn over and you're wife or whoever you're sleeping with. It turns out it looks just like Fidel. Maybe it's the Chupa Cabra, huh? The Chupa Cabra. 1027 at 560 WQM don't just taste a juice napper. So now it's cops in simple than your Dutch country. I'm sorry, but you're going to do what you're going to do when the carriage comes for you. Well, hello there, Jepadaya. Hello, officer, here's a car. See, what brings you up to my humble above? Well, we got us some reports of some fuss and then a building in these here, part. Ah, yes, there's a car. My shame to admit that my wife, Sarah, exposed part of her ankle. Wow, that no good hussie. I've got me a good mind. Put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes. Well, that would be a good idea, but then there wouldn't be any one to milk the cow. Yep, women. There the reason we're all going to hell. Yep. Well, I gotta get back to plow on the fields. We'll care then. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn raising the cows. I'm just talking to the comers, comers. What you gonna do? What you gonna do when the shack will you? That's tonight. On cops. That's only a Dutch country. Pent 30 to a 560 WQM. Hake Oldberg from the show will stay 2 to a 2 o'clock. Speaking of Hake by the way, and I noticed that boy, D-Full must be trying to make a Mendo's fences now. Now that Hake is like going right through the roof on the ratings and going on ABC on the Derby at Tallcast on Saturday. D-Full was just sucking at Big Fat Henry Goldberg as this morning at the end of the show. It was almost the x-rated. It was embarrassing. Talk about a whackedo job. Wow. So I don't want to pee on anybody's parade because Hake had a euphoric weekend. Like he said he was a national television and ABC there with the barely alive gym in the K there in the meeting. It's a gym in case you don't lie by the way. Nobody told him yet. But in looking through these numbers, there is an asterisk next to the afternoon number. I come to fight out. They did the research. And you know all of these days like yesterday for example, and Hake wasn't there the first part of the show. Which seems to be a regular thing. There's either like a lot of dead air at the beginning of the show. Or Hake is like in transit somewhere or he's just not there or we can't get the thing on here. And it comes to find out that all these other people that are filling in like Cory and the clearance and all these other people. There are the ones that coined the research that had the big number in there. You know, when Hake came on it was a five when they were on it was a nine. So not only does he owe some thanks to brook Daniels and people drove it right to queer channel. We're taking away any last semblance of a you know the morning those guys got to go up against Howard. We got to go up against Big Fat Lard and Limbaugh, which by the way there's only two markets in America. For years now there's only two markets in America where Big Fat Lard and get to beat. One is San Francisco, Ronald ones on KGO and San Francisco and the other one is this one right here, which Fat Aslim ball has never come close to our numbers on any station in any trend in any book at any time. I just mentioned that in passing. And our Hake has got the. That's a contend with. But I mean, I don't like I said I want to be on his parade rating, but the fact that they're all these interruptions, all these other people on there evidently can only help so keep it up. Anyway, my robust amount they says you wasn't thinking about such lofty ideals of screen of expression and freedom of the press last week. When she banned sales of cigar, Fisi and I don't remind me of international airport, the ass system director of my meds aviation department says she flipped through the glossy magazine saw pictures of gorgeous hotels. The hotels here. And glittering nightlife in Havana and thought a family in friends back in the city of her birth. She and Fui goes Cuba. See what I'm talking about. People who are living in the freaking past and who do all of these things. It's kind of difficult to swallow. She said, when you see that's what Monica said too sweet art. When you see these pictures and know your family is not having that kind of life over there. Said boosted Montague, who moved to Miami at the age of five in 1962. As she saw it, it wasn't really your first amendment issue. And she saw it. So she checked with the assistant county attorney and other county airport employees. She even told her boss what she was planning. That she for bad it's sale, causing mayor Alex Pina's to condemn censorship. Civil liberties are lawyers threatening the suit of county and the magazine editor to accuse Data Acting like Cuba. Like a bunch of Fisi. Monday afternoon, workers put 300 copies of the June edition, the stacks of the airport's 18 news and ending the four day flap over boosted Montague's van. She just arbitrarily, because she didn't like the way it portrayed whatever was in it. And of course, it's interesting. She was leaping through it. She couldn't leave it alone. Just like these assholes. There's a whole article in the paper today about the not just the ones that went on the bus up to Baltimore last night. But the agitators down here that had like a little bit of a party watching the game getting all better shape watching it. If you're so pissed off about it, why don't you boycott it? Why don't you not watch it, you idiots? But instead you're lending your tangible support and you're watching it while you're putting on your indignant routine. This thing about her, it's just so typical, like I said, so ridiculous. And then it's got calls in this morning. The worst, sir, you don't know anything about the United States. You don't live in the United States. You live in date county, which I hate to break the news to you and Robert Steinberg. It's not a part of the United States. There is no relationship between date county and the US of Freakin' A. It is a fascist state operated by a bunch of corrupt fascists who know nothing about freedom. Who know nothing about anything. Except, okay. No, except the, where is it? I said, hysteria. That's all you know. And we're like prisoners of it. We're like to victims of it. They just keep beating us over the head with it over and over again. Here's Boker. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. When you're not there in George's takes over, the show is so boring. You have a guy like Jeff Remer, who's controversial take over for you. This sounds like one of the hockey assholes to me. I mean, yeah. I mean, how much remember pay to make that call, by the way, sir? The live, but I'm going to say it again. The day that Jeff Remer has a show on his radio station, will be the day that we start playing Hungarian in Missouri because the other 23 and a half hours a day. Around his half hour show. Well, that's right. He's got that hockey show on there with JD. Like I said. Another one another one of those is a misfits. There you go. That's one of your buddies there, Remer. Another one of the hockey misfits. 560560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. I got this for a George Rodriguez is more entertaining in five minutes. He could fart on the air for five minutes and be more entertaining than my good friend of Remann. We'll take it personally and get pretend to get all bent under shape, but we'll still take the next three meal of Roots Chris. Take that to the bank. Here's a mobile and pop in, oh hello. You couldn't be a more right on money. I'm telling you right now. Oh, no, what? What you said about day, Johnny, for one thing. Second off, why don't these protesters go down to the airport and protest every Cuban. You dropped a goddamn plane with a box of goddamn Cuban cohevers. Our hand-rogan Cuba. Yes, what guys? What does that money go? All right. That LFFN-A. That's right. They're all subsidizing the bearded in line. We're bringing back three boxes of FN-A. I just come back from there about three weeks ago. He said, no, my friend, poor, you said, oh, this is great. I said, who made that? He said, I don't know, bunch of Cubans. Where does that money go to? It goes to Castro. There we go. Why don't those people go down to Nixon by some real good cigars and stop subsidizing the bearded one? Hey, I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. So I can afford those cheap cigar spots we got on this station. You'll for president of Daytona and turn that country back around. They don't have to go back to Cuba. They got Cuban Miami. Okay, sir. Countdown. Take two in college in the morning. I live in Broward. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a mobile one line. Look at the way these people are worked up about this today. Are they working out? No. Nothing moves these bastards. 21, before 11 and 5, 60, QAM. Okay, so Sam is in here disrupting me while I'm trying to get ready to do a show. 17, that's okay. I'm not going to mention the fact that you were in here bugging me about the NMK glaze. Since you've got a thing for NMK, is that what it is? Well, I got a thing for NMK. Well, I got a confused and I'm proud of it. And NMK glaze is makes a crossover recording in English. It says after ruling Spanish speaking audiences for years and NMK is tired of those spics. Now he's ready to cross over and talk to some real people. NMK glaze is set out of corner who are washed up corner Julio will release his first English single, we dance in June. The tune penned by the same team that Rochier's believe is already number one. On top of the is power 96, 96.5 FM. Let me solve it noise right down the hall. And jamming Johnny by the way, jamming up your ass and tell a footied do the same on your edit. Yeah, how can they make any money? How can they pay me a ride or just keep cigar spots? Maybe if everybody would buy their cigar's down in Nixon instead of buying those cohebos and subsidizing the bearded ones, then maybe we could afford it to afford to run lots more spots. Although quite last time I heard they're doing pretty good down there. Last time I checked. 5605, I'm telling you this is the debt is crowd this week. I don't know what George did at the audience. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Christ on money. I get more and more rimmer gets more calls at home than this in 10 minutes. Maybe we ought to get him on the air. Here's North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. And I'm sick and tired of it damn Cuban. Talking about fighting the water out of high LIA. Yeah. If they want to fight a war, get out of there and both on Goldman fight. Yeah. You know, if it's a deal, then I know that those rubber rafts. Last time I checked the rafts got both ways. Yeah. You know, if they don't got on the wrapping, you went back on the spot with 14 minutes. You need to go country over. So they need to do the same with sub-cranion and America at one of the odd boys or fight. Let me ask you this question sir. Did that baseball game involve them our last night effect you were like in any way shape or form? I did not even watch it. In Gaxeland. Okay. We got bless you. There's a real American for you right there. When it's not obsessed with all this Cuba crap, we're tired of Cuba. Okay. We're sick and tired of it. I told you this before. We're tired of all domino planned assholes and domino park. We're sick and tired of horse meat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the mobile one line. Let's get some calls on this board here today. Let's get some living and breathing God damn people besides athletes foot. What a jerk. What a jackass. All you experts. I think just dying with your professional jealousy. It's just nauseating that we got so many little tiny people in this town. What do you upset about Flutey? I've died in Magnum. She did a nice suck job on that piece. She did a new there at Channel 10 a few months ago there. Are we all a heavy duty suck job? Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes sir. Yeah, I can tell I'm from Philadelphia. And you are the only person. You're the only person to bring up the reason why it's a swat team. The reason the swat team. You're the only person in anything in that little thing. You're the only person I've heard that ever come out against that. Yeah. That is a disgrace out there, Neil. And now the sheriff this morning by the way says, now all of a sudden he's decided that there was at least one more shooter in there and they may have some more rest coming. I don't need to go there to throw the kid to their handgun. But now there may be some other people who were shooting it up. And that there were too many weapons and too many bombs, etc. And now they're starting to rethink their position. Yeah. I'm seeing another job and they coming out there. And I didn't have that part of the country. And I never could have the woods. They seem to have a lot of problem with law enforcement out there. Yeah. And you know, I love about fox network. I love when they start covering this story. I love how they do terror in the rockies or show down on the go. And I love how they do the hard house. You know how they're doing that like the haunted house. Font on the terror in the rockies. If I'm a parent, my kids can kill. Yeah. I mean, you know, I need so outraged with fox network. It's like they package these and movies. Because you know, you know, get well, Neil, that the many series has come out next year. I mean, this is a video. I mean, you're right, Neil. They go without six months. Oh, why? Incredible. Incredible. And no one's talking. And no one latches out. Nobody else talks about anything. Nobody gets mad about it. They hear like, I told you before there's no passion at this time. These people don't care about anything. They're all getting on their dead ass. Yeah. I'm just relaxed. Calm down. Okay. I'm going to change the world with some stupid phone call on some stupid phone call. I know. But you know, but it was actually he was. What kills me is Neil. What kills the fact that bad dad. You take a little bit of a bag there. We're shooting up in Baghdad and seeing that is got the box score of games at the bottom. There's something wrong with our society when we were showing people being blown out. And then we can't not. How about Bellevue? What's that? Same thing. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day. Get a man. One call left out of order. Baby and that's it. Then we can go to the music. Let's play my in a 400 times today. That's my favorite. Number one was four bullets. 5.670560. Pond 560 on the mobile one line. I'm on to a black and alarm clock. These last two is come back after vacation. And this audience is better than ever. Looks like George drove the whole guy there. Audience away last week. Are these lines working seriously? What kind of a show is this? What kind of a place is this? What kind of a station is this? And I'm on. I think footage got a point when you can write down to what? 560 and I go to fast with these numbers. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Got all of these things going on here. We got a well, plate. That's just loaded. That's overflowing off. It's spilling off the edges here today. And just like yesterday, only 100 times worse. A thousand times worse. A bunch of deadheads we got on this time. Oh, sit there in entertainers. They'll sit there and scream and beg and put on your rack. And bring the people are going to call you and talk to you. Right. That's what we want to hear. We're a bunch of a saint is out here. We're like, God, we're sadistic. Here's Carl Spring, Silla. Hey, New York. Welcome back. Yeah, sure. A couple things I want to talk about. Did you buy any chance to see on the news that once an article Cuban that ran on the field in the Alparce land of Mount. Yes. Did come up and buy a land of the home. I think it was. The other thing was about the this whole thing with this lady who been the cigar magazine. He came here when she was five. Yeah, she came here in 1962. 37 years ago when she was five years old. And she's an expert in how everything is over there right now. And she's all been out of shape and her whole life is, you know, is still still involved in this God damn narrow limited the crap. This little crappy island down there. And that's all she knows from. She's not a Cuban. She's an American. No, she's not. Well, but I'm saying five years old. What do you remember about? Let me get a year later. She's a professional Cuban. We have professional Jews, professional Cuban, professional Africans. This country is loaded with people who are professional. You're filling the blank. Professional assholes. And also in regard to the SWAT team. Just information from how I feel about it. Yeah. The reason they probably did not go in there is. You don't know. They obviously, they did not know whether those kids were still alive. At day storm that building. And those kids would have gotten more rounds and killed ten more. But you're wrong. They already were in there. They went in there at about 1230. They were in there. They were like very cautiously and carefully going through with different rooms. It's said everyone's so on. And the only gunfire that was they were firing off their own protective rounds like the signal each other. There was no other gunfire going on because the. The. The. The little text were dead. Then I'll make them go in there. They know they were dead. Yeah. They didn't know. How many hours do you wait before you take a chance? Just in case somebody. Whether there was the one sign they put on the window. The kids help for bleeding to death in here. And then there was the other kid that like dangled and got himself out the window. I mean, how long you wait before you start doing your job. I agree with you. But had they went in there too quickly. Yeah. More people had gotten killed for some reason. And everybody would be up in arms right now that they stormed the building. And they should have waited. So it's a double edge sword. Yeah. And they went too fast and they get ridiculed for it. You go into slow and you get ridiculed for it. That's a good point. So. And then they've had to tell us this. You go back to Cuba. Okay. See you. Go back to Cuba, bitch. Whatever her name was. Myra boosted the Montego back. Okay. This is America. And you're sitting there. You're leaving through the magazines. The deciding for us. What's going to be on the new stands over there. My manager, Larry ports where I have to be a guy. Then good customer. And by plenty of guy. Then magazines and books with a new stand in there. By the way. Myra. Go back where you came from. Sweetheart 37 years ago. And stop trying to be a little dictator because that's what. That's what you know the best. The people of your mentality. Dictators. Little bit teestas. Little sensors. WQAM. Yes. Can I speak to me, please? Speaking. Does it mean you're watching? Last time I checked. Okay. Neil. Let me ask you a question. How do you feel about the game in the Baltimore. The way they censored all the signs and the people. I didn't watch the game in Baltimore. So I didn't watch it. I didn't hear less about it. But I'm asking you. Don't you think that is robbing Americans of freedom? Robbing Americans of what freedom? Oh, freedom of expression. Freedom of expression for what? Well, for whatever reason if I let's say if I was a vehicle. Sir, let me ask you this. How did that ball game affect your life? How does that affect any of our lives? That's why my question is, do you think is right that they did not allow Americans to take in signs? But yet the communist Cubans that come from Cuba had all kinds of signs. Yes, I do. I think they had the absolute right to not let people. They stopped people from taking all kinds of signs and ball games. Everywhere in America. Where? Because I'm... Well, what do you mean where? You can take you try to take a sign into Miami Arena. When people wanted dry and mury and built-in to get fired. Let's ask how many people got those signs in the arena sir. You better wake up in the fifth of the half of those. Okay, Mr. Like I said, stuck with the same old tire with a one note man. Just like that, you know, Sandy Payton's your like the 60 cycle tone. Just... That's it. 560560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Give it a rest already. Forget about your stupid goddamn ball game. Forget about your protest. Let me say it again. We don't care about Cuba. We don't care about Castro. We don't care about Cuba. We don't care about Guaya. Beris. We don't care about the horse meat. We don't give a crap. We're sick and tired of it. We want to live in America. We don't want to be trapped with this. Something kind of obsessive psychotic mental. There comes a point when you have to start looking, you know, living where you are. And not living in a goddamn past like 37 years ago. That's just the way it is. Okay, and of course, try to say that in this town. You might as well be farting into a windstorm into a tornado. Here's Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm American Warren, but Cuban Heritage. And I couldn't give a rat that's where the game was on or not. Great. And about that, the police in the combine shooting. Yeah. The only other person I heard say, what about the police? Was the leader not Charlton Hetton. How do you like that? Because why did the police who entered that took off? You sounded like a bitch. Exactly. Okay, sir. God bless you. I always liked that Charlton Hetton. If we just took his toys away, he'd be all right. Why do you know, he got that God complex. He was in all those movies. He was Moses. He was Jesus. He was Abraham. He was a lot of things. All these things. I mean, somebody somewhere along the line is got it. You know, I'm the only one that said it. And it's the goddamn truth. This town is like a bloodless cool was taken over here. And anybody in date County that dares to say anything opposite is crucified, vilified communist them. I'd have gone about it. But I've been a little bit of a same old tired one, no Johnny's. Okay, wake up and get a freaking life. That's my message to you already. Until grandma and grandpa and all these other old stale scene. I'll start telling if they're sort of psychotic about it. Give them a water pistol and put them on a raft. And send them back over there. Okay. And let them pee all over Castro. Whatever they want to do to them. Nobody cares. Nobody gives a flying crap about some stupid ballgame. And we get a guy under the age of 100 that calls in on this radio station this morning. On the Joe in the Big O boy show in the morning. It's got the audacity to say this was the worst in the, And it's not just the fact that the game was played. The fact that the Orioles had the audacity to get beef. Which they got plenty of practice at, by the way. Since they suck and the Orioles only kiss the ground that the marlins exist. To make them look not quite so bad. Because for the while there were Orioles had an even worse record by a gamer too than the marlins. Up until the last few days when the marlins really put it into low gear big time. Anybody want to buy any marlins spots? No. Anybody want to advertise on a marlins? How about some cheap cigars play the marlins huh? Maybe putting would like to buy some spots on a marlin game. Since he's the radio expert. No. Maybe why 100 like to broadcast those games to pay quality millions and millions of dollars a year. Three and a half million dollars a year to broadcast the game. A team that won't win 50 games this year. No. Let's build a stadium. Come on. Build a neighborhood. Score, score. I think they'll come anyway. 1056 and 560 WQM if you're, you can't. We're on a car. We're on a car. Get away. Can feel the release. Smell the fresh sea air. Take in the unparalleled experience of Cuban resting on big laddic. It's like a vacation. Away from your troubles. Your life back home. Your disgiver on a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. unpredictable. breathtaking. Life threatening. Cuban resting on big laddic. Will your way to something better. Rope faster. No faster. Here come the shark. Scatter on much faster than ever. Road dammit. Painful brother, you're less neighbors. And by the way, speaking of inconsistency and poniness. Isn't that interesting? How was it? Wonderful glorious thing. And the media were actually like a bragging about it. Oh, Joe, Cuba's was there in a couple other agents of the ready to sign up these guys and try to spirit them away. You know. Misable exploiting piece of lying, turd, Joe, Cuba's. Oh, yeah. Well, I just happened to have a self-ful. And they just had to happen to know exactly where to meet him. You know, yeah, right. That was great. But the fact that they were here in the first place, that was bad. Can anybody explain that to me? No. Even does he earn as with that trouble explaining that? No. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Can you? Yes, sir. I could tell you one way, uh, the baseball game effectively. Uh, I live here in, uh, little of Amitywood Center, unfortunately. Uh-huh. And they started closing down all the streets because of the protest. Uh-huh. Really, because they were closing the streets down? Yeah. All these streets. You couldn't get out. I guess I would bounce through it through something here. Oh, great. Beautiful. Oh, yeah. I hate living in this area. And another thing. I thought of Guarnell. Mean. He takes a giant crap on the mothers of all of the Cubans. Okay. Five six seven. And by the way, don't do it in the train, though. Almost, uh, it's moving. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. The, um, the AT&T. Why are we saying that? Here's a mobile in the crossbrings. Hello. Okay, sir. This is getting very upsetting. What's that? The Cubans, uh, they don't want us to read magazines. They don't want us to go to baseball games. And then there's this crazy guy earlier. This year was trying to burn down this game. I mean, because he didn't want a game. I opened. I'm kind of, uh, these people. I'm very sensitive to their problems. But they shouldn't have the right. What, what are the problems? You said you're very similar to what everyone would have. What if they feel, if they feel heard about Cuba, I feel, I feel, I feel bad. What do you mean they feel heard about it? Her, her, what does that mean? People, what I don't understand is what? Let me ask you this, sir. Where would you rather be living right now in Havana, Cuba, or in the United States? 40 minutes, six, of course. So what's the problem? The problem is, how did they go to Cuba's spot? Is all of the Albanians feel right now? You think they'd better be living over there in the US? The point is, I don't want them to tell us what both three, what, what the games to go to, what the think what to say. Yeah. They come here and they try to act more like communist, the communist. Fascist, sir. You don't understand. Fascist, you don't understand. Fascist, that's what they know from. That's what the T.T. was all about. He was a number one, great, a world champion, world class fascist. And that's what they think freedom's all about. Well, that's not what they want. They don't like communism. They love fascism. Well, let's let's go freedom here. Okay, well, I'll see you in Broward. I'll select, I said, I'll see you in Palm Beach. I'll see you in the Martin County. I'll see you in Duval County. Not there, aren't you watching? They won't put up with this crap in Duval County. I'll tell you that. And good old boys up there in Jacksonville. They won't put up with this for a two-second. Five, say, what are you smoking about? It's the goddamn truth. They all agree on all the same stuff. They're all right-wing. They like it done. They can eat their blood people. It doesn't make any difference. They speak English in Jacksonville. Do you understand? You get it, Mr. By the way, once that's Steve Nicholstation, go out on Jacksonville. Anybody know? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the pound five, six, the on the AT&T. Warvel's line. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. Good. You know, some of these people that are poor, what's everybody's attention. The problem is the garks efficient, not out. Should have just realized that if they would have said nothing, you know, which has been another monthly issue of another boy magazine. And in this way, they wouldn't have gotten. God only knows what type of publicity for the magazine on front page of all the newspapers down here. And to call the old stuff, they would not have said anything. And just let it go in the back, the backwack of the airport. New stand. Nothing would have happened. Why did it happen to be on the backwack? Like we're seeing the same spot, wherever that magazine always said. What business is any individual there? What is there? What is there? What is there? I want to say something. What business does one individual have? We don't want to do any magazine. I will wait. Wait. Okay. You don't want to have a conversation. You rude enough, not just make me sick. How come he couldn't let me finish a sentence? That's what Ted Bundy asked. Five six seven. I don't have any patience for people like that. When you call a talk, show there's going to be a given to take a young and in and out and up and down. And that's the way it works. If you want to make a speech, get a soapbox, go out there in the street corner. Go down to my international. Whole hands with a Myra boost of my pay. Whatever the whole name is, that bitch. Here's a Pembroke Pine. Hello. Hey, me! Yeah. Neil, you already tell you what affected me about this whole or deal about the baseball game. And what was that? Okay. An example. Okay. How about if you're Toronto, my maple leaves. I mean, we're all aware of what it is. Well, yes, lots of Toronto maple leaves didn't go to play Hitler's team, but they did have the guy there in the Olympics in 1936 in Germany. And the world continued spinning around. How do you like that? Well, Neil is just an example. I mean, I'll be an example of what? How would you feel knowing what you're doing? Well, yes, you're watching. I don't want to play because Hitler's dead in the ground. Okay. So you bring up some ridiculous hypothetical example. And as nothing's with anything. But how would you feel if knowing what he did to the two communities? Sir, let me say it to you again. Okay. Nobody here in this country gives a flying crap about Castro. Can't you understand that he's not doing anything to this country? Nobody here cares about him and a put him in a same category with Hitler. It's typical of people in your mentality. Okay, sir. You're wasting my time. 567. 560. 560. Oh, yeah. They're taking all the people away to concentration camps. Aren't they? Yeah, right. Sure they are. Here's a mobile info. I'm going to call the waterdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hi. Good thing. So it's a pleasure to be in charge of the wonderful week you did when you was out. And I heard that you'll be on the council three, but that's true. Yeah, I'll be on the air all three in the morning, right. Take the musha out of your mouth next time to call sir. 567. 560. But look at that. Two calls left in the board here. I'm desperately seeking somebody who wants their verbal intercourse here today. And I'm getting just a usual cacophony of crap of swirl. I'm just having 0.560. 556. The only AT&T line. Here's a Columbus Ohio. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing today? Okay. Let's take a look into every day up here. All right. Didn't go to the highest state. One thing that last week about what you said about Colorado, all these people in there that want to pray, you know, that's a bunch of crap. Okay. Thank you. Call all the way from Ohio State to say, bull crap on here. Thank you, sir. Oh, yeah. Like, uh, uh, these idiots in and I'll say, well, you know if these kids could have just prayed in school, if they would just, if they would just had the 10 commandments up on a wall there, then all of a sudden these people wouldn't be doing all of these things. Right. Or if they would just put on the right uniforms, that would make it even nicer wouldn't. So then you couldn't identify anybody. At least the trench coats, they stood out a little bit. They had some, uh, some hell of a chance of finding out who the hell they were. Putting an outfit on somebody, putting them in a uniform, trying to make them go step according to your, uh, whatever it is, that isn't going to change what's on the inside. I know that comes to the great shock to some of you people out there. That doesn't get the job done. Or not getting worked up upon him. 119 and 560 WQN if you look. Oh, my, my. May 5th. Think, go to my ear. Oh, Mexican national holiday. All these stations are giving away 50, 10 clues. I'm going to give away 50, Mexico City, but who are you? Forging Mexico to use. That's right. Who are you giving away, Mexico? Real live, Mexico. I go, um, uh, will be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel. Well, of the station back, then we'll do one to you. Imagine your own personal Mexican. And watch your car. Be in your house. If you're crying, think you want. Because if they don't, don't have them deported. I do, um, be in your home. Be with him, Colour. When you hear this, uh, and when I'm Mexican. Members of this station and their families are not eligible for own Mexican. Fading in the lost of the Mexicans is winner's responsibility. Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexican. Tell the great single Bill Maya when you're own home. Every day, you're very own Mexican people with single weeks. I'll find a way I didn't know Hitler had a hockey team. It's 11 14 at 560 W to QA and pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line 560. For all of us off Florida, Columbus, Ohio if you want to call and say bull crap on here. Whatever you like. Here's Miami. You're going to have a lot of fun. You know how you're doing, sir. Okay. They're going to tell you about the Hepatopypocetical Hitler's hockey team. Hypocetical, yeah. Tell them for a fact that this country did forget about Hitler and what he was doing for years until the Jazz Bomb Pro Harbor. And that's the only reason they got the United States going to work with you anyway. Yeah. So, nothing about this. What was that happening with playing a hockey game with Hitler? I don't think it is about doing that. Okay. If he would have been to golly without a mask matching everyone pretty good. But you were saying about this country. Don't give a crap about the Castro. I said this country never gave a crap about Hitler either. That is right. That's absolutely correct, sir. Uh, so about this Cuban, the Scarfish Himalaya is too many says that they got a magazine and just made it into some. They just brought it up to like standards that I never had before. Because I reach the Garfish Himalaya. Yeah. And I mean, you could always go into a bookstore and grab one. Because they never sold out. But now you can't find it. Right. Oh, yeah. It's all like hotcakes like a Hall of Vines Jerusalem. I'm a good one, man. Thank you, sir. God bless you. That's right. A lot of people have a publicity for cigar fish. You're not always in got great things to say about a good friend. Next to, by the way, I thought I mentioned that. In case, what's the name is? Those things fully athletes put from fly 100. I'm so embarrassed for you, fool. You're okay. Running around. You and Ron, issue in all the other naysayers in this town. And I'll blow it out your ass. Look, just came out. We're all doing great. The worst in Joe and the big old boys in the morning are doing great. Undoenspectacular. The homperhead is biggest book ever on this radio station went through the roof. Thanks to Jason and Josh and all these other people. And what's your name on the other station? Two would I want to forget about her. He would have put it too. And even the night time went up even with the Marlon games. That's right. That was January for boring March. Sorry. Oh, wait for you to see the night time. Yeah, wait for you to see now. What's going to happen to us with these Marlon games like tomorrow and the middle of the afternoon? Anybody going to be listening to that? No. No. There isn't no interest. There is less than no interest. Nice going, John Henry. Maybe a nice guy, but boy, what a sucker man. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. I'm going to have you back. Yes, sir. I'm sure you're where you are on the news last night. Channel six. I did a little piece of your radio show yesterday. You're going to circle on about the Cuban. Well, you're on it. How could they do that? Well, they used to talk to anybody from Channel six. Yes, but I did not. So how did they do that? They actually had your face going. They had the camera on. You know, I don't know if it was live. It might have been a still shot, but they had to. When you were going about it to dance. Gosh, darling. Not a cigar magazine, not a political magazine. They had to go and berserk. And then right afterwards, they had permission to spot about the last top show radio guy that got a blown up and his legs blown up from the car bar. Yeah. When he was suggesting that we continue relations with Cuba. So to suggestion for you next time you go to drive, make sure you're on it. Okay, great. Whatever you say, pal, lower out your ass. Talk about talk about convoluted. One of your people again. Five hundred of people? Shrears. He didn't have an accent. He was a redneck. Like I said, five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five. You just got your saying yourself before. By the way, Emilio Milion is the name that you're looking for sir. Just, just, you know, in passing. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I just want to say the most entertaining thing about that game, yes, that it was. What game was that? Well, the Cuban National and the American team. It was when I think it was a ref. Takes up that. The ref. Yeah. Takes up that Cuban, I could pick up a tail and slam them. That was the best thing. The ref, did they have ref or even the baseball? And he was pretty big. They have ref or even the ref or even the ref. Whatever. Okay. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. Why are those lines? Here's sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, permission to bring something to the table real quick. Something else. See, that call to a call. It was like a veiled bomb threat. Was the a call, you know. Yes, go ahead, sir. Okay. Remember about a thing about it. We need to bring to the table something else. How many times do I have to say, sir? This is a talk show. Whatever you want to talk about as long as we might the be interested. Let's hear it. Okay. Remember about a month and a half ago when I moved there. I was a bit afraid of the bait on who was better to be sports or error. It's a something like that. Yeah. Okay. I'm well, there's and there's somebody mentioned that in this Wilson. Didn't even play on the beach sports. I was trying to call in this one guy. He's the most recorded city of musician. And the in the in the in the history of recording. And he's up from your hometown. He's going to Steve. Yeah. He played on everything. He's like the Paul Simon. Yeah. Hang on. Yeah. He's probably on the other line. Okay. Five six seven. Five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah. Paul Simon. There he was when they put that big Joe de Majio. Plac out there in center field. The Yankee Stadium. And there was Paul Simon standing there. I saw him. See an international when I was on vacation. And there's Paul Simon. Where have you gone Joe de Majio. And a crowd goes up even though we know. Then he already said that he just stuck it in there because it's fit in with a lyrics. Okay. And that Joe de Majio didn't like it in the first place because he was too stupid to understand it that it was a funny. It was a couple of me and he didn't understand it. I haven't gone anywhere. What do you're talking about? But he's didn't anyway. Five six seven. Five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, doing you. Okay, sir. I'm so tired of these Cuban dictating and preaching their freedoms and telling us in South Florida what we can and can't buy. I've just about had it. Anyway, I'm more excited than can't wait for silence for the last sequel to finally come out. Next month. You hear about that? No. You haven't heard about it? No. Silence for the last the follow up book is going to come out next month. And they're already in production for the movie. It was the large and in the bathroom. It was about time. And lastly, the Cuban lobby, I haven't baseball team. Yeah, they're going to be playing the Yankees tonight. Yeah. I'll do it. Okay. By the way, you think Leigh Bontkin went five games this year? No. Just a lot of dance. Five six, seven, five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Morning. Yes, sir. I'm great. I'm glad. I'm so angry at that caller that stupid analogy he gave about about Hitler and the hockey team. And the heck was that? What was that? Because it dumb call. I mean, that was ludicrous. But my other point was, George did a great job. And he, I have to tell you, he's a very loyal to you. Neil, he gave you the highest accolades. When people asked him, I don't like working with you over the years. Yeah. I just wanted to tell you. I just wanted to tell you, he would loyalty. That's just got to do with honesty. Well, you know, and he did a great job. He really did. Working with me as a piece of cake. He said you were not well-bathed or workware. I'm not one of those hard-ass, the people in the life of Brawlby, the underlings. Yeah, I'm not one of those people. We got some of those people around here. I just don't deal with the like that. Why the hell? Three people like Grant. I just wanted to, you know, just wanted to pass that along to you, Neil. Okay, God bless you, sir. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's a mobile and point and V, chill out. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? We'll have to have you back. Uh-huh. I can tell. I can tell by these last two days on these phones. It's just a fantastic welcoming back party. It's a kind of old-specting this time. Well, George was pretty good. I like it when he's in. I just need to stay away from the religion. That's all. He just needs to be able to go for the jugular like you when they start something at 5, a lot of them. I just wanted to give you a little spy report, since you're over there in that power 96 building. Yeah. I'm up in Orlando listening to 105, 9 or whatever it is. Jan and the oldies and who is it spinning oldies, but Joe Nasty? Yeah. Work it. It just made me good to hear. And he was so annoying down here. And the station and the format he was doing just sounded so like well, I got a chance to end up here. He got his ass blown out. Yeah. I mean, the job reflective of what happened to him down here. I just thought it was nice to see what comes around going around. That's a perfect place for him. Great. God bless you. You'll fit in like a thumb. Okay. Have a great day, pal. 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line. 40 million empty lines here today. They're dead again from the, from the neck up and from the waist down. And between we're not too sure. Here's Western. Hello. Hey, good morning. We're so fresh. Welcome back. Huh? Anyway, got a little, uh, Amesquiral, uh, radio spiral port as well for you. I hear Chuck Zink is following Mike Rinerion. Jan and. Yeah, I heard that. Yeah. George is a good job, by the way. We should bring back those 80 shows. That was pretty good. 80 shows. He did this show on the 80s. Like a retro show. We'll bunch of music and stuff. He took an hour pretty good. Let's go to the next one. Hey, thank you. That's a good idea. We'll start doing that right now. It's not the finish list. Cool. I'm footing in those. It takes a six. Okay. 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Great job. George did a good job. My wife's an American Cuban doesn't care about the game. And, um, can I call somebody a do you fact? 560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. I'm an American. And I care about what's going on in Cuba just because the singer cash crew drops dead and they get their stuff together down there. All these treatments will go back and let me tell you. I hate to break the news yesterday. But when he drops dead, nothing is going to change. You're out there, right? I don't know. You are. You're out there. Change. Whatever it takes people are going to be screaming the same. We're going to be at the power of a boring note from now until the end of time. Never going to stop. So we're stuck with him. You were stuck. I'll see you in Martin County, that's. Okay. Thanks. See you in Duval County with Robert Duval. 4,000 open lines here. 5, 6, 7. Oh, and this is the last time I'm going to do this. Okay. I'm not going to play this game. This audience is going to take a great delight and do it. I'm not going to play the game. It's pointless. We got all these different things to go on here. Which all affect our everyday goddamn life here in this town. There's a goddamn mentality. Plus all the other stuff going on with the shootings and everything else. We got the little girl in school. By the way, the 13 year old girl that got arrested because she's running. Yeah, she was plotting at the attack at her school because she saw it on TV. The other thing a little. So hey, that's a good idea. 13 year old girl was planning an elaborate attack on a list of students and authority figures at her school, Blair, bear middle school and sunrise was arrested later that night. Whatever the hell night this is, which the story doesn't bother saying, by the way. Charged and sent to the juvenile intake facility in Fort Lauderdale. 13 year old girl. So even little girls now are making all the plans. They can go out and get their guns and make their bombs and do their things. Zyne America, baby. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. It's safe. In Miami, child. 560, W-U-A. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful and that's pretty damn depressed. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi, I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their sh** out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right, handguns. Think about it. Need some cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for beer? All the convenience. Take chips and pretzel's wire-end. It's all free if you've got a handguns. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. The simple solution, a life-complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the court. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the dancing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. The great alternative to working problems out is to be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. It just might make you think. Okay, it's 1131 at 560 WCM. The handguns are from Shulastak 2 at 2 o'clock. Donnie B. Talk in baseball 6. And that's right before the pre-game show the Marlins and the Brewers. The 960 or the Antris. No. Anybody want about any spot? No. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. We've got 400 open lines waiting on you. Here's Tamarac, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. Oh, I hear. Okay. Listen, as Latina, I am very ashamed of how the Cuban community conducts themselves down here. We've been having a lot more calls like this, sir. That's the thing that really tears my gut. Is that we don't have a lot more calls just like the one you're making right now. Seems they don't remember that they're elected government officials in Cuba like Priov, or the people that they help put in power like Batista. And then they come to this country and she's like the same kind of people to be in the government down in Miami. The party government now in Miami. So, messed up. Everybody nationwide knows. And then, to ruin not only the county, to ruin the whole state, they help select elect and put in the governance convention, religious cellar. Another fascist, another right wing fact. This is the mentality you're dealing with. I mean, I guess they don't remember that. Plus, I mean, I feel I'll have killed this. You know, I've done this, but this is the same thing. Under the blessing of the US. Just the different groups of people, that's all. Neil, what gets me is, but this is the under the blessing of the US government. Everybody shouldn't know by now. It's just that they are upset because all these Cuban that leave in Havana. And let me tell you this. I think there were about three or four stores in Havana because every Cuban I know they're from Havana. Have you ever noticed that? Yeah. And they all have sugar plantations because they couldn't bring their money and the sugar plantations over here. They all, under own casino two, I think. Uh-huh. Okay. Have a good day, Neil. I'll read it out to you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the ATT wireless line. Like I said, it's old, it's stale, it's tired. Let's move on to things that have something to do with our life, which some stupid ballgame involved in our last night did not. Okay. Did not. Here's a lady in Cooper City. Hello. Hi, Uncle Neil. How are you? Okay. I'd love to change a subject to something more attractive and certainly something more interesting. I had a cable accident last night. Yeah. I think it was MTV or VH1. I saw somebody. I don't know. I've never heard of them before. Ricky Martin. Oh my goodness. I got moist. It's he, it's he big. Important. He knew I was. I think about three and a half inches. I hope so. My goodness. If he is he in the same league as the recent again. He's right now he's bigger than God and the Donna, Luis Miguel and Ricae and everybody else put together. Ricky Martin and don't ask me why. He's on the ground several makeovers. And you know, what you see is the finished product of that. Oh, well, it's not so bad. Yeah. I was very impressed and I, you know. And they're in every song that he sings sounds exactly the same. I mean exactly. La vida loca and. And that's the one he. I'm sure. Well, and he's got that other one from the world cup soccer thing. They all sound the same. I mean, you know, if you like the way he looks. That's fine. That's what pretty good right now. But if you had that much work done, you'd look great too. You don't understand. This is about his fifth makeover. I didn't even. I've never heard of them. But I knew that you, you know, you kind of knew. No, I know. You can, or to the kids. No, he's probably the one who can. Or to be a little bit late in him off on a cue. No, no, no, no, no, that was a bit. We got enough problems that they're on with ball players. It's nip with the tongue. Excuse me. Anyway, I believe me, he ain't available. You know what I'm saying? Oh, okay. To accept it because you're not his type. Okay. Never never mind. But before you are, you have those types. Okay, as long as, you know, of the opposite persuasion, not looking. Do that. Anyway, um. You know, can I get a shameless request? Sure. Can I hear a free way in stick to this? Okay. Thanks. That's good. She changes subject to some other spik. That's good. Ricky Martin. We're just talking about that off the end of this morning before the show. I don't know what the hell all of a sudden happened, man. But it like I told me before, Talon has got very little to do with anything. It's strictly the marketing. He was hanging around for a long time. He was on telehit. He was on a Mexican channel. He was on a Latin American channel. Nobody knew from him anywhere in the world. All of a sudden they gave him about the tenth makeover. They put him on all those Puerto Rico promotional spots on TV and ahead of them at the Grammys. And now he's bigger than Murray Tyler Moore. He's bigger than life itself. Like I said about an inch and a half. Ricky Martin. And every song sounds exactly the same as the previous one. Every single god damn one. Do I have that thing? No, I don't think god. What the was the name of that? I said about to eat. I'm a Maria. No, no. The one that was the big one from the world cup. La Copa de la Vida. Leave it to me to come up with crap like that. La Copa de la Vida. They all sound like that. And they're just obsessed with Ricky Martin. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 out of 18, T, water, slime. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. Hello, Neil Boyer. Have it on a hard time today. Yes, I am. Just like yesterday. Oh, yeah. Can we go back to the Garm Magazine for a minute? I don't know anything you want. Okay. She was upset because she looked through it and it upset her because her family wasn't living like that. Uh-huh. Okay. Every time I look through how beautiful I realize I don't live like that. You don't? And every time I look through play girl, I realize my husband don't look like that. Right. And come to think of it. When I look at playboy, I don't look like that. Oh, no. So what do I do? I mean do I start to do it? I guess we got a playpanning. We got to start getting all these magazines off the shelves because it might make somebody feel bad. I think I mean if you have play girl and you, and you're bad. But you have to understand. This is the mentality that so many of these people have been raised with. The idea that freedom is as long as it is not offensive to you, then it's okay. That's what freedom is all about. And what's the chance for the rest of us? I remember being in New York in the late 60s and being involved in the Hiroshima Nagasaki Remembering stays and the protests up there. And there were Cuban reporter Reakens up there then. That were angry. And by the way, you made a comment. They were angry about what? They were angry about anybody protesting against America. They consider it to be un-American. Well, excuse me, but I thought protests was American. Only if you agree with their viewpoint. And you also made a comment that in Jacksonville. And by the way, Emperor Hiroshima didn't have the same slide on things. As for them. You said Jacksonville, they don't speak Spanish. They have redneck. Again, news for you. There's a lot of Cuban and Jacksonville. Oh, unfortunately. Like I said, Plains, Georgia ain't that far up the road. Yeah. And in closing, one thing that George said last week that I had written down, and I'm going to use my motto from now on, he was talking about the Tuesday life, bumper thing. Right. And he said it should be get a life. Okay. And I like that. Okay. I'll see you in the entry. Bye-bye. I'll tell you one thing. A tree start to look a lot better now in the year. And retrospect, a little kid up there with a bandju in the tree. I think he had a pointer too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. 22 before a new in 2 AM on another unbelievable day. Just the shakes to live in crap out of me. Come back from these vacations. I'm full of piss and vinegar. Full of energy. And come back to another dead ass place. Every to same old tired crap. If you're suffering from my hair loss, you got an embarrassing ball spot. And you're getting sick and tired looking at that thing in the mirror. Why not do something positive about it? Call my good friend Charles Alphieri. Over 25 years ago, this is the guy who created the best hair system in the universe, which is why even multimillionaires got their hair system from Charlie. Because no matter how much money they had, they couldn't look better than he could make him with the natural hairline system. This is 25. I listen to the Elijah's, because I can hear the word asshole. Turns about. We're going to learn about the old jokes. Listen. Stand to the hall. Hey. Hello. What is warm, huh? I'll say. You will come here often. Have you been here before? No. First time. What's your name? Three way. Three way. That's nice. Let's take it. We have the new two. Take it. I'm here. You know, you were here to get some cleaner. Oh, I don't know. You were working around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Oh, yeah. I know. What's the topic? You probably need to rely. Oh, I'll say. Oh, everything is in the new's and all. It's a topic. You can start relaxing right now, for you. I brought something. Ooh. She's in. And three way. Not just any sheep either. Wow. Wow. Go to the mall. You can see. You can see. You can see. But here's the most important part for you. The pro-checked label. Pro-checked. Why does it adore? By the city council of San Francisco. Absolutely. You know the pro-checked slogan, though. You're not sure, June. Certified safe by the city. By the bank. Oh, well, what are you saying? Sorry. Look at that. I trust the soap again. Oh, wow, Janine. You bet your life he will. And with confidence, because freeway and spikot have come to me. Don't let worry. Spoiled those chance meetings and public showers. Always carry. Pro-checked. The RAC is in the city. To find my free S&B. The RAC is in the C-B-C. Bend down. There's no opportunity. There's nothing to do. There's nothing to do. There's nothing to do. There's nothing to do. Don't. Don't. You know what it's all about. The pro-checked shoe. So they won't send you a ring. Protect condoms. Adhibition of black flag housing guard. That's the golden division. Keeping situation safe since 18. Maybe so. Why do these guys keep doing this? I know. Why don't they do what I suggested. They should go out and try to sell spots on a marlin game. The nephew just comes in here. Hands this to me. Why do they keep doing this? What is the point? The bit it to me last week too. The QAM van will be at Hooters on Cyprus Creek Road. Just west of I-95 that are from 1230 to 130 pm. They'll have tickets to the second annual new times international beer festival. This Friday in Fort Lauderdale. Florida Bobcat tickets for the May 22nd game at the Yenthus Center. And free S&B. Free S&B. Go get compliments of the sunshine gasoline distributed zinc. Call 30 to 130 at the Yenthus. Cyprus Creek Road just west of I-95. Anybody going to show up there? No. We'll see. 560. We got 697 open lines. They just counted in Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh yes. Neil. I'm a human guy. I'm the she the first time that I try to get into Pro. Yes sir. Listen. First of all, Ricky Martin used to be one of the menudos. The reenacted. Right. Let's write. I had to talk about the baseball game and I'm not a fanatic believe me. But let me tell you, I always said, what happened if he told her saying a group of players to Miami Beach? I want you to tell me if the US people are going to allow them to do it. This is my first point. Why? We don't have to do everything. Let me ask you this question. Yes sir. Are we at war with Cuba? I'm sorry. Are you the United States at war with Cuba? If we are war? Hello. Let me say it again. Are we at war with Cuba? Last time you checked, are we having some kind of a military conflict with Sedel Castro with Cuba? He does. We don't. He does. He does. He feels he may everybody believe I hate. I'm not talking about believe. I'm talking about are we fighting a war or are we at war with Cuba? Sure. I'm not interested in some pseudo intellectuals. I'm abstract. I'm talking about real life. I'm talking about the right that we have to prepare for my friend. Are we the only thing that we did? No, no, no. Wait a minute. You started out with a premise about Hitler. Okay. Let me say it again. We're not at war with Cuba. Right. Well, okay. Are we hit that already? Right. Tell me if a group of nurses can come to South Beach or any other country. There are not these who speak in scoky Illinois and who speak in various parts of this country and get permits to speak all the time in this country. Yes. Yes, they do. Okay. Do you know what happened with Vanessa? Regrain was going to seeing in this culture and they cancel it? Yeah. Okay. So is that right? Well, why they say we just understand that? I'm not going to get into a screaming match with people like you. Okay. I'm not going to waste my energy. It's not a double standard. Things get censored in this town all the time all the time and 99% of the time by people of your ilk who don't want to understand the freedom is. And whether it's being done by Cubans or fanatical Jews or who's doing it, it's on American. It's on acceptable. Got it? I'm sure you don't. But he's not fanatic. Thank you for that. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why was that? And like I said, we had the one guy that called, we should have airline on this board filled up. But all these Julios listed out there. But they got nothing to say. The cats got their tongue. They don't want it. And maybe I'm wrong. Maybe not. Maybe they all feel the same way as this guy did, which is very sad. It was a stupid guy then baseball game. Nobody cares. Don't you understand, sir? And what you also don't understand, just like the woman with a cigar fish, you know, magazine, this obsession, this hysteria. You know, like how many times have we seen magazines with a picture of Hitler on the cover? Yeah. I don't think so. Or Stalin? No. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why was that? Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Yes? Yes, I am. Last night was a final episode of No. Mark. And at the end of the series, they had a discussion on where No. Mark is. How long are we going to perpetuate this idiocy? If, in the end, for 50 years, they said it was on some mountain Turkey. Do you imagine if it was really true the Pope would buy Turkey? Yeah. And maybe it likes to chicken better than to... Put a fence around it and put a fence around it and put a fence around it. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Whatever you're saying, have another drink. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. They're just not going to call. They're just not going to say anything. Okay. So the stereotype and the divisiveness and the same kind of resentment that always is going on it, it's never going to end. Because they don't have the balls in or have the cohoist to open up a mouth and say, this is a bunch of crap and we're not part of the same mentality and let's move on with life. They just don't have the balls to say it. All these good macho guys out there. Well, you know, we know you're listening. Pathetic. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. They need how you doing. Okay. I want to go to the doctor because I don't give a damn. Yeah. Okay. I bought that. But I do have two comments. Yes, sir. Please name two other songs that sound the same instead of the beat. I'm looking at a couple of them. Yeah. I mean, you got all what do you find the sound difference? So I don't know what other songs the sound of the sounds for you. You know what I mean? Well, other songs. Well, the last two are like I mean carbon copy. Okay. Let's be on. But you know, and again, what do you know this has surgery? This guy has always been a pretty boy since day one. There's always been the same. If you live a song in Newton, Carson's dad, five years old. I know what you look like, yeah. Okay, but you never have surgery. So I don't know what you get off saying. I didn't think he had surgery. I said that he had like makeovers. Like they died his hair and they like, I didn't say surgery. Okay. Yeah. When you get old and start drooping, that's when they do the surgery. He's too young to have to do that yet. Yeah. He's a pretty boy. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, whatever. And another comment. When you live in a family for a long time, every time the cousin came. He also went complain. Every time he comes and he comes and he's living in my hand. You live in my hand. You live in Florida. I don't live in my hand. I'm okay. I'm out of Florida. I'm saying, it's a living in your living. You live in your life in your life. I don't know. Boy, he would have who's over there. Everything becomes routine. Everything becomes a process. So, you know, living. I'll just go with a flow. Yeah. Just accept it. Exactly. What can you do? No, I'm not going to do that, sir. I'm not going to be another shoe. Go do. Okay. Whatever you say, prom. What line would you with anybody know what language you're speaking? No. Puerto Rican, I think. Is there a Puerto Rican language? Is there a? Uh-huh. 5.670560. Pomp 560. Okay. That's our pool question today. By the way, what kind of a little flag you have hanging from the rear view mirror in your car and your truck and your pickup truck in your van and your pup tent? What kind of flag from what foreign country do you have? Do you have a star or David on the rear on the bumper? Do you have a Cuban flag? A Puerto Rican flag? A Brazilian flag? Age of making flag? Oh, by the way, we don't want to go to Jamaica these days. Oh, stay in hell out of there until things come down. Here's a mobile and pomp and oh, hello. Yeah. You know, how you doing? Great. And I grew up in South Florida. I lived there since 54. Yeah. And I would like to address this to, as you so lovingly call them, the professional sticks that call your show. Mm-hmm. I've never seen a more gutless bunch of people in my entire life. Yeah. These are the people that you've decided to fight for their country by kicking up and hauling ass as fast as they could out of Cuba when Castro took over. If you look at the road, we'll go right correct. If you look at other places, if you look at Palestine, if you look at Northern Ireland where there's conflict, the diaries haul ass out of Ireland, no, they stayed there and they fought being those for centuries. The Palestinian, now they don't even father for centuries. These people, the very first minute the Castro takes over what they do, they haul ass here and they want us to go fight their damn battle for. They can go straight to hell as far as I'm concerned. And this country has long enough in purgatory? No way. No. Okay. Okay. And this country has long enough calculated to God damn much of their foreign policy to appease the professional spikstown here and kiss their ass because the Republican party sold out to them. Okay. Other than that, I think they're wonderful people. And have a great day. You do want to have a new day. That's what you said. 567-0560-POM-5680 on a AT&T wireless line. Like I said, the cats got to tongue of all of our rest of those people out there who's whatever it is that they're out there just kind of off of the say. And by their silence, they just continue this guy like he's pissed off and fired up and I understand that. And I'm pissed off and fired up too. I'm sick of it. It's coming out of every poor in my body, the same old tired garbage. Some stupid goddamn ball game up there that nobody in their right mind should even pay any attention to in the meantime. But I mean, I don't know, but I'm out of my fingers for those picture out of front of a magazine. And then this guy thrown me Vanessa Reggrive. Okay. Because we got a bunch of hysterical Jews too. Airbnb group has got their fanatics, so I hate to break the news to you. And they're all just as obnoxious as the other ones. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You have to solicit the stupid Cuban to stop calling your show and bitching all the time. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank you, but what is it? It's all right. They found their Cuba. You know, for their Castro lens, it's all the Cuban so they can come over to Miami. How about if we bring it over here and they can go back? Yeah, well, you know, they're not going to go. It's like you said that damn both of those both ways, because they only know how to come over here. I don't think the rubber raft's getting picked up on the way over there, do you? I've never seen one ever well. Okay. Even when Cuba does become free, they're still going to happen. And then we're going to get miles that move in here. Okay. Well, at least we have a never ending pool of politicians. Whatever he said, five six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18 and two. Here's Miami, hello. I'm sorry. You can brought this up today. Miami, hello. What is with the phone now? All of a sudden, I have another service breakdown. Hello? Yes, sir. It sounds like you. Thanks. That's God. I've been here for like, when I, where I don't believe it. They said, I am not Cuban. I've been there for now. It's just four minutes and 34 seconds on the thing here. For me, it was like one hour. Four minutes and 34 seconds. Well, let me apologize. Let me tell you, I'll judge for what, for making that up about being on a hold for an hour. Well, I had to make you feel guilty in my prayer. I don't. I feel good about anything. Let me tell you, and this about the prejudice, I'm not the one. What about the one? The prejudices. The prejudices? Yeah. I think, and I don't care. I'm Latino, but I am not even Cuba. Let me tell you, what will you do if you are watching again? Any game? Let's say the baseball game last night. The police come to you and tell you, listen, you are gay. Get out of here. Why? You're gay. Get out of here. That's what they did last night with a lot of you and the word they are protecting. I mean, I do have to watch. If you can watch, tell us 15. The one who's taking protesting, if they were disrupting the, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, please watch. Tell us, 51 or 23. I don't mind watching. Well, let me tell you, let me tell you, what I see the American families, they got upset because they went, because these old ladies, they had one of those teachers that said, no, got to no problem. The police went to them, ma'am, excuse me, you have to leave. And they say, why? Well, you have to leave because you have those all teachers. And then they say, I love them a bunch of cramps. I sure think of. I sure think about. You're going to see this American, see this is the problem, right friends. Yeah. You're going to see this American family, I wish you'd take those people and make them go to Hollywood Beach with the, you know, the teacher that his life is a beach and then they go to the beach. What's up, how do I point? I remember I am not even Cuba, but I was upset. This American family, they start, they went on TV and they say, we don't believe that this is happening in this country. Yeah. This lady, they are so all, they, they didn't even got up. You know, like everybody else, when somebody, they didn't got up. They didn't got up. Right, they didn't. And the police come and tell that you are to leave because you have a teacher, that said, no, got to no problem. Yeah, well, shame on him. So that's, that's one of the things that you have to understand about this human. And they are hurt because he's too, and then again, they are not allowed to go to the, And I also have the maybe a face date here in the tower, they belong to the first place, they wouldn't have got to run out of the ball game. Because who the hell wants you to go see the Orioles play anyway? Who in the right mind wants you to go see the Orioles, right? Huh? Oh, my glad I brought this up. What is that the finger guy? It sounded like him, yeah. It sounded like a finger. 157 and 560 QM, you know, Lorenzo? No. If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she marry such a pun? Father in love, you think you better than me? Without eating cafeteria, and I am capable to eat. Always wear black shoes, with premier to short. You can play to pass that, because you won't drive any import. You're much wearing the moon, you're many thundest to be. Everyone except for it, you should have been in peace. Father in love, you like driving big cars, and you hate any music that has a good charm. Father in love, you can feel the eye of the cream, but I ain't clipping coups on every tail to me. I'm something like you, don't go to the dark track, and don't drink at dawn, when I eat a thing, man. You're a daughter in my way, and I will not destroy her. You just gonna have to get over it. You need to bury your lawyer. 154.550 QM, the award winning the award you show, we get you have the award from athletes, put it while 100 for the greatest show in the history of mankind, even with those cheap $5 spots. Huh? How are we gonna make it? How's the station that I'm making with those cheap $3 spots that we're selling? On a Marlon games. Anybody want to buy any? No. By the way, when you stop by the QM van up there, and wherever they're gonna be, Cyprus Creek Road, between 1231 30, I'll try and buy some Marlon spots too, so you're on a few bucks, maybe they'll give you a spot. Here's my N.E. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Three things on the Cuban. Why? Don't you ever see any black cubes coming from there on the boat? We've got lots of black humans. Yeah, I don't think I'll leave on for our Hernandez. I don't see none on the boats coming over here. Lots and lots and lots of black humans are on the side and on the TV. No, they're not hiding them anywhere. They're all over the place. There are more, one more thing right now. Why can't they take and sneak out on people from the morgue or mafia island? Why can't they from the morgue or from guys to go over there after the mountains like half, though, dear? Yeah. Right. If the people are joining them up there, they're a cab. There are two busy shooting each other in the Everglades here, but good thought. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, speaking. I'm theator. Oh, great. Thanks. You want to look a bit, are you a coder calling up about the iron and that there's stuff that doesn't feel factory stuff around, so I tell my man to take a little flight over to Boston. It's only because of fighting the Irish guys there. Just from a professional figure here. They're getting easy. What do you want to run that by me again? There's lots of Irish that went over here. Yeah. What does that have to do with the war and so nice in Ireland? Lots of Irish came over here to the redneck that's called up and said, you know, about people running away. What do you mean he was a redneck? The cracker that called the people that came over here, the people in Boston and the other parts of this country, the Irish. They're not discriminating. They're not discriminating. They're not discriminating about what's going on. Yeah, not anymore. Now that the Protestants and Catholics are busy bombing and killing each other over there in Northern Ireland, they're God damn right not anymore. You don't hear them screaming about wanting to go back and wanting to straighten things out. They're doing their thing here. They took over the whole goddamn city up there with the Kennedy's and everything in Boston. They got the life of Riley. I got the Irish Catholics in the church up there. Cardinal Cushing. Whatever hell is the name of Cardinal Cushing. And tell us a few dozen riots later. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. They got things straight enough. Just like the Italians in New York. We got everything in Philadelphia. Whatever hell I'd meant. Get with the programs. Leave it behind. Okay. Let's move on with life and stop re-living history from 40 years ago and 100 years ago and all this other Swill. We're tired of it. Like beating somebody over to hit with a baseball bat over and over and over and over again. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. Good evening. Good evening. A couple of things. I forgot to tell George what a great job he did last week. Great job last week. You did a great job. He was out of the $2 pistol. Yeah. I get a kick out of this show today. All these professional cubins here in Miami. Process in the baseball game. Yes. He's like everyone I'm watching. Of course. Well, what's the opposite of the protest? I didn't watch it. I didn't. This guy. That's what I'm calling this one. I'm trying to say there's a big article to the paper today about these old guys who had like a big protest together in the last night and they celebrated by watching the guy then gain that they were protesting. What were they watching for? Exactly. If they're so pissed off about it, why are they lending tangible support by watching it? 100% correct. Jesus Christ and Mary, man. About all the people that went up there to wherever the hell they were playing. If they're so concerned about their brothers and sisters and whatever in Cuba. Yeah. Take that money by food by clothing. It's going to blind to the up the east, whatever the hell they're going to. Yeah. And send these people some help. They're already doing that under cover. They're taking their son and plenty over there. Well, whatever. That's all I have to say. Is long okay. Have a great day. Thank you sir. As long as we don't know about it then it's okay because you know then it's a little double standard there but we're slipping it all under cover. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. Let me say it again after today after today I'm drawn the line. Okay. I never want to hear the word again in my life. I don't want to hear Cuba. I don't want to hear Castro. I don't want to hear it again. Call up a radio mom beat. They went through the roof here in this last book. All this horse crap about a simulation and about the you just look at the radio ratings in here. A radio on more and radio mom via. I mean Jesus Christ already. How many decades have to go by before finally some people start getting with a goddamn program. Huh? How many centuries have to go by? In Georgian cyst by the way that the next millennium don't start till 2001. Don't be pined on our parade okay. We don't want to hear the facts. We want to we got things all planned so it'll be screwing around with it. Always got to be one guy confusing people with the facts. Which we don't like. They look what happened to God then Galileo for quite a lot. That's right you better learn your lesson man. But pop a good after you're a little spicass. Nine minutes past noon in five sixty WQM you know those at the Lord even loves New York. It's you're one of the millions of people who've been praying to hear the Pope singing on his own CD. Your prayers have been answered. Now through a special arrangement with a Vatican his holding this is back and he's singing better than ever on the Pope sing. See the love me to introduce myself. My day is for John Paul. Yes it's called John Paul the second singing songs that will lift you up and make you get down. He's turned around. There's starting later organ new is a quiet boy. Play the organ music. Play the organ new is a quiet boy. Play the organ new is a quiet boy. Which might be so the Pope sings. Get you the chance to hear the many sides of the owner on the Pope's field. Oh there. Oh there. Oh there. Oh there. Oh there. Oh there. He's the bottom. And I'll just see the he's the boss. Just should be praying fingers. Oh you should all go begin. But think as a church play high stakes if you want to. You're here to sing the glory if you lose your shirt. Oh come up this day. Beep beep beep beep beep. Beep beep beep beep. Be a. Be a. Be. Be. Oh. Be. Oh. I. Twenty. Twenty. She. The Pope sings is a bit of a malar special introductory price. Get it. Who saved yourself? Five dollars. Perry. Prop 15 to five. If you're in it, you're going to say. You're going to say that. Oh, that's good. I mean, I understand that there are people in the business. They lied. You don't tell you what the numbers are. Twenty. Fifty. Five. Fifty. Twenty. Five. Five. Five. 12. One. Two. Five. Four. Four. Four. electric charge. You know, all around the rest of the country, people are talking about kids, blow each other up and shooting each other in schools. We got a 13 year old girl in sunrise who was trying to get together with a bunch of her little girlfriends and blow up their school. Eighth grade Hollywood resident also, by the way, all across the country, schools at all levels have experienced a rash of bombswet and other violence since the 20th of April, since the shootings in Colorado. We got you with Slava, you got a million Albanians that have been displaced. We got Jesse Jackson, grandstanding over there, trying to run American foreign policy, tell us that Milosevic is a hell of a good guy. And it's out for what are we talking about? The same old tired crap. That's exactly my point. That's right. You're busy jerking it off. That's what you're doing. Same old tired garbage that you've been wasting our time with for the last 30, 40 years now on and like a stuck God damn record. That's why a lot of us are sick and tired and nauseated and fed up with it. We're puke and from it. While rational people are worried about important things that have to do with our lives, you're still clinging to the same old tired hysterical thing that you're doing. And by the way, how come so many of you are running around with the flag of a communist country on your car? Here's Hi Alia, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, me Teneela, I am Cuban and you know what amazed me is that the American, they don't know facts. And I'd let me out for the last guy that called you. He said, we were protecting and watching the games. Let me tell you we love those players. We don't hate the players. We hate what Fidel Castro is doing. The manipulation of the whole thing because everybody thinks of Fidel Castro is a nice guy. Now, no, sir, there is nobody who thinks Fidel Castro is a nice guy. See, that's an insult to the intelligence of people all over the world. There is in anybody who thinks Fidel Castro is a nice guy except except that people in Cuba have been brainwashed for the last 40 years. Many events think he's a nice guy. Other than that, there is nobody outside Cuba that doesn't know exactly what he is. Okay, let me tell you. In other words, because they came and played a baseball game in Baltimore, you really believe that people are that stupid. They think that these are nice guys. They are because we are supposed to believe that Malosevic gave the three prisoners to Jesse Jackson that we believe he's a nice guy. Of course, I understand what you're saying. But let me finish then about we send money, last year we sent a hundred million dollars to our family. What happened is this? We send the dollars to the government and pay our family with Cuban pesos. So we are trapped. We are between a rock and a house place. And again, we want to go on the right. But this government, they are going to allow us to go on fight Castro. We don't even want to be here, my friends. You don't want to be here. No, I don't want to be here. Where would you rather be? Would you rather be like a Dominican ran in? How about a Haiti? Why is that? In Cuba? Why is that? Why? Because I'm Cuban and I love my country. But I was kicked out of my country. What about all the other refugees that came here from Ireland, like the guy said before and from Russia and from Germany and all over Western Europe, how about all those people that came here? The millions and millions and millions of them. Are any of those people fighting to go back where they came from? No, they can't. So you want to go out, you want to set the food down right now. Walk outside. Go to the nearest sidewalk and get down and kiss the goddamn ground. Is what you want to do. First, these starts by insulting our intelligence because they played a stupid goddamn baseball game in the Baltimore last night that we all think that the Fidelas and Ice guy, which is a total pile of crap and a slap in our face. And then he turns around and tells us, you don't want to be here. Well, guess what? So the last time I checked the schedule, the rubber rafts are leaving every 30 seconds. If people could get here on a rubber raft, they could go back to Cuba on a rubber raft and find out how great it is. Because I hear the hotels and the casinos are second and none. That's what I heard. Some stupid gangster movie. Go out there and kiss the sidewalk, okay? Homested, hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, I was the thing and we should think all the Albanian refugees and put them in Cuba to start their own neighborhood and refuse to speak Spanish. Well, they were thinking of that and they were going to put them in Guadalamo, but then they couldn't afford bilingual education. Yeah, I mean, you know, put them in the Cuban society. Okay, whatever you say. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, that's the thing. My grandfather was a refugee from Russia. When I used to just try to ask him about Russia, he'd spit on the floor. He wouldn't even talk to me about it. Excellent. Also, there was a... Do you have time I hear Russia I spit on the floor? There's a Cuban guy that called the Walaiko trying to drum the analogy about the with Hitler come here, would we play a game? Uh, within you, of course, immediately showed how foolish that was. We're not at war with them. And I think the whole world went there in 1936 to Berlin and we had the god damn world Olympics with Hitler sitting there in the stands and with Jesse Owens, you know, winning the gold medals, etc. And it's already gone on. Right, but the thing is a few years ago, uh, the Nazis and the, I think it was the Ku Klux Kland, one of the two have a march down date Boulevard on the beach by the Holocaust Memorial. Yeah, remember that? Yes. They were denied their permit. So, uh, you know, I mean, when you get an area that's concentrated with one group of people and they... Well, let me ask you this. Is the Baltimore or our concentrated with lots of with millions of Cubans? No, not at all. What the, what the analogy? Why would why would this owner even do this? I don't get it. What would prop him to be the one to come forward and want to say? What difference does it make? Did you see the little kids, the Cuban kids and the American kids playing ball with each other? Right. And what, that this is the way things are done. There's plenty of pressure in for this. This goes on all the time. Okay. What difference does it make? What is different today than we then yesterday? They yesterday morning at the same time. They played a ball game. The Orals were disgraced because they think they're doing that. What did it change? Shopping and it's not going to change. So, so why, why are people all with up in this town about this? When, like I said five minutes ago, there are all these other grotesque things going on in the country. We just had 50 people get killed in the tornadoes in the Midwest this morning. We got kids shooting each other in schools. We got gunnotes running around. We got gun shop, gun show spots on his radio station and I'm in show which makes me nauseous by the way. And nobody cares about these things. Right because there's two million Cuba here. That's why. Well, that's my point. Let them start worrying about things that have to do with America and forget about Cuba for a change. Agreed. 100%. Okay. Thanks. Like they got a one. He wants to go back. Well, guess what's your, you're not going back. So, either one of two things either go on and kiss the sidewalk like I suggested to you or go out there and sit on your haunches like a dog and they at the moon when it comes out tonight when sunset comes and look up there in the sky and start howling at the moon and maybe it'll go away. I doubt it. God. Talk about wasting your time with the same old tired repetitive crap. It just wears you out. I don't know about you folks, but it wears my ass out. 23 years I've been on the earth in this town and it's just kids worse and worse and worse and worse. I go away for nine days. I come back all over the west of the world. You know, you turn on your TV. They're talking about things that you'd expect people to be talking about. And you come back here and it's just like it never missed a beat the same old tired. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Crap. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Dan, what's up with? I don't sure. Uh, I'm going to make a couple of comments. First, um, yeah, the caller from an older Spanish man in his bathroom, he was making a comment about how they made this woman leave from a state where I couldn't be more of a lie if it's like what happened was it's four or five Cuban people ran down until the field in middle of the game and the cops ran it up through them. I like this should have they didn't make anything because of a teacher and the other comment. I wanted to come up with them. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I have no idea. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. He's nuts. I don't know. People have got thrown out of the ones around in the field. They're in the game and they should have. Right. And they had another comment I wanted to make was, uh, all of a Spanish people here that talk about how much they've up cubin. They hate go back. Get out of here. Please. And quit talking about it. So we're talking about it. What you're right, buddy. Well, pack you up. We'll pack you up. You made a note. Yeah. Oh, I'll have to pack them back. Okay. Thanks. Listen to me. Yeah. He'd rather be there. And what I'm what you're going to do when he goes there. What what what's going to be is you're going to eat the soil? No, this is what tells me about people not just Cubans about people in general. It's like with the Jews in the Arabs, you know, when I hold that piece of desert to get over there. Oh, and it's the Holy Land, the Gentiles and the Arabs and the Islamic and the Jews, all those crazy people over there. Over this piece of desert, this piece of direct, although it's the Holy Land. Yeah. Right. Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and boating beach, yellow. Me, God. Speaking. Hey, listen, the first guy they call me a thing of Cuba should leave, uh, you know, why did we feel that? Why did it sustain quite? That's called the Earth. And they got a file that opens to the hours of the same thing. You totally off the, the hours left because of depression and, uh, and the family. Not because of, uh, persecution or rather. I'm going to turn to those petitions. I think I'd turn to the potatoes is what it was, you know. Yeah. Oh, anyway. So it's like I got to face in the, uh, the hours you're possible and they never backed out from a fight in their life. Well, that's why they're drunk most of the time. Yeah. Well, that's true. Yeah. She was her question. Yes, sir. The four version of lotion and the basket. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. The hours never backed down from, oh, that's why they always have to have the good Belter to, before they start planning the abombs. They're in the Belfest. And there we'll gut see people over there now. The Protestants and the Catholics, these Serbs in the Albanians. All this good over, religious love by God is your work in the Sterex lately. He's got kids being killed in schools all over the country now. Be chat even up in Calgary, up in Alberta, there in Canada. Got these tornadoes going. He was his wrath must be waxed in real hot. I'm trying to run a wrong station right now. The station for these times is waxy because his wrath is waxing hot. He is fired up and pissed off the Lord. And even, oh God, is getting pretty smoked off about this whole thing too. I'll tell you right now. Whatever this thing is. 560, 0560, Pond 560 on the mobile one line. I mentioned by the way, the fact that in Caloan Germany never heard one word of esponial and only saw three Sparks in three days. That's one a day. I can handle that. What's wrong with that? I'm just telling you the way I feel about life. I mean, you know, birthed of a feather we stick together. Of course, I don't know if there are any other Jews there in Caloan and I didn't stick around long enough to find out. I know I did pee on the train. That's my new tour near Rogers tour, paying across the Rhine land. Dumping across the Rhine land by train. Right through that little pipe, given a right back to those Nazi bastards. See, that's the way you get even. All you Cubans out there that are all whipped up. How about dumping on Castro's beard? That's it. Get some of that good beans and horse meat that you eat. You love so much. That's it. Send it to Fidel in a bag. Send them all a crappy a god. That we could support. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQM. This is Debbie. Hello, hi, Debbie. I'm here to see you in gangster operation. Hi. Okay. Bench and body contouring and similar post-action. Mm-hmm. There was wondering if it's some tummy tuck and the lip augmentation has many requests to do all of these things. Mm-hmm. It's wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though? I can't be done. It's the lotion in the basket. How much? 5,000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Laser surgery. Have the lens stopped crying yet, Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the lip rosuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first and then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that we'll see you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, Mommy? If you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. There is a $100 consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. My name is buffer will bill. Okay. Let me get a little information from you. Okay. Let's the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me back? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the管or. No, I got my skin suit in the basket. I understand. That was like. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the trim. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello. How pretty. Three and five, 60 WQM. So anyway, the fan hit for Newly's here. The nephew trying to look like he's doing something important. The QAM fan. Why does I speak is that Hooters on Cyprus Creek Road just west of I-95 from now on 130. They got tickets to the second annual Newtimes International Beer Festival this Friday. Before Waterdale, they don't even have to be averaged to go there. For the Bobcat tickets from 822 at the Yentacenter and Free Sip Go Gas Complement of Sunshine Gasoline Distributors Inc. And the Oakland Park Pig Lease were the first ones to show up there for the free goodies. Are good buddies up there? We love the Oakland Park Police, right? That's a moment. Here's one of the great facts is in history, by the way. From Bob, it says all these hyperactive Cubans should just smoke some good weed. If marijuana were legal, we'd have none of these problems except the shortage of snack food. You know what? Get a life people, anything, some kind of hobby, arts and crafts, baking, cooking, taking a night course at FIU, just do something else or leave. I'll help you pack your bags along with the other color. If there was really a God, we'd have Asian immigrants in South Florida and they have better food anyway. Just take a few bung hits in relax. Yeah, life is short and death doesn't look too promising. Live life to the fullest before they stick your ass in the ground. Says Bob. Good facts, Bob. That's one of the day so far. That's one of the hours so far. Oh, and that's true. I mean the Asians have much better food than that. Of course, you go. You wouldn't know. Five six, I don't want to know. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty. It's against my religion. That's right. Five six, seven, oh, five, sixty and five, sixty. I'll stick to my deli. Okay, any day that we can you know yourself. You're like deli better than that crap. Tell these very good. Oh, but you've never had Cuban food. I don't want to wait. Would you stop just when it's just when you're finally being your self-class week? And now you're starting to be graced back in that old professional Cuban crap again. This isn't really to be a professional Cuban. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. It may be the greatest crap in history. It's all fatening. It's all starch. I'll stick with my deli, something dietary like crap loss. A kishki. Oh, boy. I love my kishki. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Going once. 18 minutes, 49 seconds they went in there on our dime. I hear bapapai in the background and they still can't get it up. Here's a mobile and steward. Hello. Hi, Alcameo. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. You know, I'm going on with the professional Cuban. Why does it one of them? You know, it takes one big bad rate Cuban in 40 years to go back and put a hole in this guy. Yeah. And they haven't been able to do that. There are two big students themselves in the foot in the Everglades like I told you they're putting holes in their shoes. You know, it just boggles them on that in 40 years not one big great guy has been a great guy. I got news for you when somebody has the audacity to call a show or this one or any other one and tell us that he doesn't want to be here. I guarantee we'd have no problem at all getting a whole group of folks together packing him a nice box lunch putting him on a rubber rack which we will donate and sending him out to float wherever to hell he wants the paddle to and wish him the best of luck. Absolutely. And anybody else who wants to hop on hop aboard. 560 560, 560, 560, and you know, it's just it's just an exercise. It's mental masturbation. That's all it is because that's all these people know. They're so filled and I'm obsessed with this one dimension. It was a net that's the only thing they know. Their whole life is that is their life. It's a substitute life. And I got news for you. None of them are going anywhere. They may talk a good game and they ain't nobody going anywhere. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah sir. I was going great. This is Julio here. And I have to tell you I don't care about the baseball game. I don't care about the solar magazine. I don't care about any of that. All these students that are so worried about all that crap. Gotta worry. Still worrying about other things that are more important. And if they like moving over there like that, they're called excuse me. They should just go back on that raft and I'll pitch in for that raft too. Okay. We'll be taking in. In fact, that you're a few aim-bamber take out the collections. Here's my 560 560, 560, 560, 560, and a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Yeah. I just Hello. Yes sir. I just want to say that you can't fight for freedom on a foreign soil. You have to be there to fight it. And the hell I would agree to instead of just in the sidewalk, they need to lick the sidewalk. Look it. Yes. Okay. Just look at it. That's what the guy said. Just look at it. And the sidewalk too. 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line. On a beautiful day in Paradise. And here it ain't too great. 22 before 1 at 560 WQN. We don't have HS and Pop-L in the toilet. Pop- Ashadubas. My bonus. My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is Hi kids, y'all like to have little sneakers that fun little sound becomes right out of you think I want to copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for writing little songs about Google My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which Spice girl. I'm gonna fart on. You're not a dr. Dreass. You know, man. You passed him. No, what do I smell As can you look at well, since age 12 seemed like a always smell I thought ripping gas isn't just was pretty swear I got this off when I took my jeans off and fought it so hard to my lower back with like Chris Crosse and every night I'm like oh dinner man, then put up my ass passes and I'm fat. They too. As you fat smell this honey You'll get a little bit of a girl. I don't give a god's heavy to think the world up my aim is my aim is My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is I just see to want to me kick out back and do it here. I said the problem was some problem My ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor the worst happened land when I covered his death Use toilet paper walking the strip club my chances will fill the most about 10 took a dozen a kid Went over to a dad to head a fucking agar she lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father My mom My father I for love to be a famous rapper They forget about strange noise They don't look grapple. You know you will stir when the women rush lead Drop them over back but you're lucky to relieve This guy watch out for the set up was pretty cool, but I had to go go drop the kids off and move my aim is my aim is my aim is My aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is my aim is By the way, how did you for do you and their women and you get out and you know how do we put all the women that's fucking bitch anyway So I'm reading this inside article that you get to page eight in the hero Which you got pages and pages in both newspapers like this thing with his ballgame last night was the biggest things in sliced the Guaya bearers Prolling insults faster than a major league page a group of my mates 2 Benx house got a wound up Monday about the baseball game between Two-Bus National team and the Orioles on and off the way to hear this number on and off 50 protesters Gathered at Southwest A Street in 13th Avenue with the Bay of Pigs Morales between 5 and 11 PM on and off in other words Not at the same time. That's over six hour period. So the average was like eight or nine or ten Only in this town only in this pan-ring god for a second town with the most corrupt media And that's covering a lot of territory in a history of human race. Would you have a bunch of crap about much to do about nothing? We know the real baseball fans in this town. They were the Marlon game last night all 50 of them 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Miami. Hello. I knew yes, okay? Well couple things first for one to thank you. I never had a chance to I mentioned a fair wealth of thought of reddit and that liberate my mind from religion I think that and Secondly, whether you're in a half ago I remember if you had talked about singing interview with court all steward and you had stayed of that He had to be gay and then you went on to talk about people's Reffusably that special asses can actually be gay About two months ago, Jim managed had a show and a collar called in and essentially bore down to that During the off season even though the cops kept that out of paper There's no one in the pro secret that court all steward was caught in a part having such a romance And that became an end of the and what happened was that apparently there was one game or courtals to it lost and it started crying And apparently during that game the same way. I saw John L. We make his retirement press conference You know he was crying. I saw Wayne Gritzky retired here a couple of weeks ago and he was crying No, no, no, sir. No, sir crying. Oh, I've cried too, so you know this is me crying It's me gay. What I'm gonna say this is you to the new session this for 10 second was that that game where he went the list Apparently the opposing team that got a win to what happened. Yeah, and we're Souting info to him at the other end of the line and that's why I had a bad game and that's when he was so frustrated with You had a bad game because they were shouting insulted him. You know what that reminds me of In the least for a little obvious series in hockey You know and hockey much more violent than football or most of the sports and they smash each other's teeth out and they like a spirit each other in the gut And they're they're practically Poked their eyes out with their sticks and again to these wild fights that I'm sure you've seen and yet if somebody is accused of making an epic slur Like Kai don't me if Toronto was accused of making a standing across the Philadelphia Which has turned out he never said it but if somebody's accused of that right away They get suspended and they get fine. I mean, I just don't get it. No, sir I'm just calling you what was sad and and and I agree with you I mean you can basically kill someone the same but you say something or someone you know You know you know you're the moment you say something then you know You know basically you know what is the park ria? Yeah last year You got nothing and you know you're right I mean you're like a bit almost you know commit surgery on the ring and I agree with you And I just tell you what I told you but what I'm gonna say was that You know people listen to the show and they get down on a shape of what you say But what you say is the truth and You're right and you just want people what they don't want to hear exactly and you know and I do appreciate the fight I don't get a chance to show her off the number Hey, you're never gonna hear you know on this radio station is this super jock mentality on this station This will be the last station you'll ever hear any of these sports people talk about gays in sports So in their mind it doesn't exist. It's a figment of my imagination I could name you right now 20 names Professional athletes court and recent paths which of course I can't do because their slander was and but I can name it easy Party and then that's from being from the outside looking in not having any idea really what's going on inside I'd have a trust me. I have no data from that I mean it's just a part of the indigenous part of his 80-for-part of the side Yeah, I mean you know there's only room for so many hairdressers, you know Have a great thing. Take a shirt. Okay 560 560 560 I don't understand that whole thing Well, I do understand it. It's funny that hockey thing with the NHL. Oh he made an ethnic slur and this one called Peter Warwell List and tied only said that yeah, right So let's find him and suspended him and make a big song to dance out of that But if guys are about their sparing each other if they're like a chart and you know Rippin or eyes out in their guts out. Oh that's great because that's what the crowd wants to see especially down here Talk about crap Nice going Jerry bitman you stupid little bastard just like I said a couple of weeks ago piece of turd And nice move by the way getting that scoring way up from last year really worked like a charm not Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, I'm right. I'm an American Cuban I can care less what happened And a baseball game site. Well, I think I will shit happen is that the Cuban should have taken along the Baltimore Orioles and Jesse Jackson back to the Minkuba You know with them in Cuba But Nonetheless, I you know I want whatever you want to talk about these people that are calling up and voicing their distillation about the Cuba's in South Florida Especially you know the New Yorkers and You know The bottom line with that like you said before it nothing's gonna change They're still gonna be in flux of Cubans and Latin's coming into this country, you know via South Florida and You know but one thing see I don't understand we have all these the Orioles all these Asian people. I'm sorry Asians I don't hear any of them saying they want to go back in the liberate this country You're like they have all these people from countries all over the world I don't hear any of them saying they want to go back in the free their country or go back to the I don't hear that Oh, well, hey, let me tell you I wouldn't want to go. I wouldn't want to go to Cuba So you know I was a police stuff that I wouldn't want to live there. You know just like Spain I love Spain but I wouldn't want to live there. You know so basically, you know It's gonna be the one to send my dogs to Madrid. I'll tell you that You know all the play you know over there. You know that's a good point Basically, you know to the point where these people are you know to the point where a lot of these lands are coming over and pushing all these New Yorkers right back to New York If that's what it takes Fine, I can live with them because I do agree like humans complain in bitch But you know the great thing is that I can understand half what they're saying even though I am Cuban so You know, but I only would teach them how to speak Spanish. Yeah, well But basically all these New Yorkers call it all well, you know it's like in New York things were like this things were like that You know great thing go back to New York and same thing with Cuban I hear Cuban Bitching you know about helping about you know Cuba won't go back to Cuba But you know, but like I said it's pretty bad to have all these New Yorkers saying go back to Cuba With it when they should go back to you know when New Yorkers you're talking about well, you know you had that one woman who had a pretty good call Except when she said one jacks will there are a lot of Cubans unfortunately Yeah, you know, so and it is a mentality you know some of the most somewhat of mentality here But anyway, but no, it's not just here. It's all over the world it's not a mentality here It's a mentality all over the world and then and like I've said for years everybody has to be compartmentalized and the more you become a professional Human professional the Jew or whatever professional whatever then the more I this crap goes on You gotta get rid of the labels. We don't have Cuban Americans and African Americans they're just human beings that all right I don't give a crap or anybody is from it doesn't make any of it. There either a nice person or there are a piece of crap or like an An entity in between the other quick thing Neil about the thing that happened in Colorado You have all these I'm looking at the news and you have all these please look basically going out for which I'm trying to find anybody Had any type of connection with these kids and you know this this is a I These are the same group of people that are looking for a John Bonay's or try to put John Bonay's parents I mean killers in jail You know in my opinion it seems to go with the territory. Yeah. It's just overcompensation They're just looking for me. I'll tell somebody go to Denver just go to that general or a Denver border Yeah, well, maybe OJ can move there. Yeah, hey, thank you. Thank you. Okay 567.0560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile and highly hello Yeah, I mean I think they're great this and I got I got a question there's been bugging me ever since Since the beginning of this year The students Yeah, you know they were both in the yesterday, you know and have all the same mark and that that statue will say Marty What about those welcome little ass statues of the soldiers that once a fan won here a bunch of Americans They sacrifice their life Yeah, and to liberate Cuba and now they they you know they they screw it up now to have communism and now they're crying You know, I guess they want other another our soldiers of the rough fighters again and go to Cuba and and and fight for the You know further for him because I thought 12 21 day So Cuban guy and he tells me Nobody wants to die over there. I mean you don't you you earn free and by dying You know, you don't it doesn't give you by a sort of father So almost human in higher layer wake up instead of you know crying and protests in gold and Cuba and fight You know go to a Cuban American foundation and get some money from them. They always have nice cars and nice Night houses instead of waiting money on them. I'll come you to use the money to get some weapons You know make it through the central marathon fight You know Subcrying you know keep an listen to me. They know I'm right. Okay, okay, okay You're me just five six seven. Oh, is that five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty in a mobile one. I go to central America sneak in How about going to the Bahamas sounds like you're you know stopping off point. Yeah, I'm not then you can like fly right in Don't have to get on the you know banana border the rubber rack you go to the Bahamas and then you fly right in no problem at all 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. It's 12 55 here on a wonderful Tuesday like I said this is it for me after today You'll never hear these words again I am serious. I and I can't I gotta put this to bed. I don't care how many more baseball games they play I don't care casher has a bad bowel movement. I don't want to smell it. I don't want to hear about it I just I can't take anymore. I don't care Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing great? I'm changing a little bit of the side because just getting getting bored Honduras terminal You can't you you're not you're not you're eating Yes, you were asking people you're opinion about your co-parna der George and you know what the reason that they didn't came forward Because that little dictator there It's time every time everyone call a will hang up and then and didn't let us know what I know what they're gonna say Yeah, but you knew you knew that's why you're not what is he a side doing the side I'm Joe is a one who's getting This is a world who's talking now. He doesn't want to let me talk with yesterday I get calling and you can't hang me up because he knew that we were Did you know you walked down? Yes, yes, he's boring. Yeah, boring And the same topic religion religion. Yeah, but it changed that topic. Why is that? Because he's boring like him. Yeah, okay, but okay, so thank you 560 palm 570 five 60 palm 570 your old people have turned on you. I've tell you what do you mean by that? You got a hundred different kinds of sticks down here. Well, I can't you know, he's your garden variety Speak he sounded just like a very yeah, I don't know what he is and I don't care One day, but I think he had a point too much goddamn religion five six seven oh five 60 Palm five 60 on the mobile one line. That got I never talk about that crap Who wants to talk about people in their silly superstitions? Oh God save me from the tornado. He killed all those other people, but he saved me God told me from the the shooters in the school area. He killed those other kids in the teacher, but they saved me At a boy God I'm not talking about that crap. I'm talking about important stuff like great Chinese food Like I said before the Asians they know how to make great food. God pie food Chinese food You want the best Chinese buffet in the world you don't have to go all the way to Asia I have to do is go to either one of the Emerald Coast locations here in town in sunrise and in North Miami Beach The buffet is always filled I keep it fresh and hot and delicious Unbelievable stuff out there meat dishes and chicken dishes vegetarian dishes great soups And they've got that sizzling Asian grill featuring Teriyaki chicken steak shrimp and seafood prepared just the way you like it along with handcar primary Sushi there's a salad bar featuring fresh shrimp cocktail they have a full bar with beer wine and cocktails and even a dessert bar If you can possibly save a little bit of room cram in some of that great stuff cakes pies chocolates cream puffs mounds of fresh fruit and ice cream with all the toppings blood while I love cream puffs you know I had a chocolate a clear in Colone They have the best baked goods in Germany, but anyway getting back to this Emerald Coast original one in sunrise and pine island a half-mound North of Oakland Park Boulevard or their second location on Collins Avenue In 163rd Street in North Miami Beach limited reservations accepted pick out delivery available as well Call right now great place for mutters day by the way the Sunday Emerald Coast in the sunrise called nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two In North Miami Beach called three oh five seven eight seven fifteen thirty It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon I essec over command Sitting out to my cup I'm a breath man, and I'm a breath man They all know that, look at the morning Waiting for my thing to let it look into all the blood If a breath doesn't matter, if a breath doesn't matter People are so too rain I am a breath man, take off your breath man They all know that, look at the morning Look at the moon, the moon This sexy touch of 12, I'm about to stop you Think the sugar of the moon, see how they're here Like a baby, the baby, with a touch of eyes I'm rising Jumping to the rock dance Jumping at the same spot, high Let me buzz the door, shouldn't you feel free to approach you I'm a fantasy if you're about to follow I do Fresher, secret man, I am a stretch man I need a ball of rush, go back to blue, go back to blue Look at the moon, look at the moon It's the wild three at five, 60 WCM The thing I keep playing with Tandy Fade, the media is sick and eat I didn't read this part of the story this morning About the Columbine High School in Littleton In an effort to preserve this about the kids going back to school I'm happy to preserve privacy, share a step in He's kept reporters away from chatfield, which is the school Largely standing on the far side of a busy avenue With television networks competing intensely over the story John the Stefano, president of the Jefferson County Public Schools An ounce Friday at least one news organization had supplied video cameras to students Offering to pay them surreptitiously to film inside the school In other words, they won't let the news be inside So they're going to pay the kids to think the cameras inside The inside footage Just very believable Grave robbers 5605050 on the AT&T line Here's a lady mobile in Pembroke, Pines, hello Lady mobile in Pembroke, Pines Going once Sound dead as a door nail on going 560505050 on the AT&T line Here's Oakland Park, hello Oakland Park, 2 out of 2, let's go for a try Fecta, here's Miami Hello, yes sir Hey, good afternoon, Neil Good evening, how are you? Okay, I just left the office like an hour ago I had to sub enough, you're going to hear the cars behind me Because that's forgot my phone And I really need it to call you Reefing when I'm calling you is because Secondly, an hour and five minutes ago Some guy called there, QCQ and something Speaks and things like that You're very smart to understand the political situation That's kind of here, that political game that we're going through here What is going to wear? And with all these crap of the, of the, of the, Baseful game and all these crap Also sir, there is no crap, there were 50 people Demonstrating a little of Analash Like that's cumulatively in the six hour period There were the word enough people, proxer There are more people at protest If their electric bill goes up Then they were protesting last night in a little of an hour And your standing up, go far the first people Are going to not understand what the crap is going on And it's starting from all the queue And I've been here 10 years and it really Actually made me mad at the fact of listening to this guy calling Cuban stick, this is a guy that actually, I feel sorry for him I used that word all the time sir Are you understanding? I used that because the words are meaningless No, I understand but you have the right to use it Because, well, how come he doesn't have the right to use it Because he's like out of anger If using his out of anger It's just a type of guy and let me just make my point through here That's it by the type of guy that today Just because of the situation he's calling the Cuban stick To one of who will call the black Americans And get in 10 days after tomorrow Who will go to school and shoot like Well, no, I hate to break the news here Because somebody calls somebody a name Doesn't mean that they're going to be violent and go shoot people It's a shame Well, where does that logic come from? Because you heard somebody use the word stick Right away now, the guy's going to go shoot a bunch of people Is that what I'm supposed to believe in? That's not a logic thing, I know It's just a way to predict or realize It's ludicrous What is it that he said that you disagreed with? Other than using the word stick What was it that he said? Because I don't know what you're talking about I understand he said that all this Cuban, all they do Is like complaining and complain, why don't they go back to Cuba I understand that part Do you even have talked about that in your show Why I brought that you were very smart to understand the political situation Do you already said that? What political situation? I think we have to agree and certain things with that government So we have to do things like sport Spore is the only way to get to Google land It's the only way to get to Google land to sport How do we do it? To get to what? Google land. 560560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line Let's do a mobile in Miami, hello People are president there Here's Miami, hello Yes sir In the new change of pace, I have an interesting 50 year old story About Bob Prince, if you're interested I was in high school in Pittsburgh in 1946 And then the fire is to just take a young guy For a sidekick to Rosie Rosewell They're both in Bob Prince They send him out to our high school Assembly to give a talk Right And I've never forgot what he said He talked about how to be a champion of life He said if you want to be a champion of life Like a sports champion becomes a champion of sports Because he contributes one Iota more To what he does And he said if you want to be a champion of life You just contribute one Iota for your endeavors No, I never forgot that However, it doesn't mean I did that Yeah Prince impressed me with that Talk to you, give him just a young guy at the time Yeah, you know, and his will probably like 20 Might have been 30, I'm not sure Okay, mobile check it out, thank you so much What do you say? 560560 on the AT&T Wireless line nine minutes after one And 2 AM, are you looking at? And we talk badly You're a toilet at Go-Hor, you're a toilet at Go-Hor When people have needed I would like your food Now that I'm up, so live at Go-Hor You're a toilet at Go-Hor I tell them right away I'd like a one night stage Up in the white house behind closed doors I wanna be Seriously, I wanna be Seriously With my life Maybe it's a breeze But if I was Seriously, if I was Seriously, if I was I could be a piece of his memory I'll call his type I phone Tell him I'm all alone And I'm certain by his belly A toilet at Go-Hor And if he won't have seen Then I'll act Hillary But I would rather think it all three I wanna be Seriously I wanna be Seriously With my life Waiting in the rain Because if I was Seriously Seriously, if I was Seriously I could be a piece of his memory I wanna be Seriously I wanna be Okay, what could he just try to say If he wanted to be a piece of his memory I'm gonna show you a story I'm gonna show you a story I'm gonna show you a story I'm gonna show you a story He was leaving Did you tell me that? I did tell you that When did you tell me that? While you were reading Or I wasn't paying any attention Well then if you got on to it Must you give it all the stuff away Or maybe nobody showed up Besides the cops Five six seven Five six six On the 18th year Where was I started to say I was in the Milwaukee Brewers any year No, okay, I'm sorry A lot of people came by They gave a lot of crap away Great Here's sunrise, hello How could we afford that? I guarantee you if you're free I'm free No problem I was your trip to Amsterdam Everything was great Did you run in the Mr. Goldstein over there? He's Shindya Oh, gee, anyway, you know I got some friends Went to get him He's pretty grown for him Not I went to the air in the air So friends went to the air in the air in the air in the air in the air this weekend I couldn't help but think if someone who lived on full loader They'll be there to have some relatives and co-servo And you describe it whatever And just to see the display of military arms fly by Pretty much the same planes That are bomb and their relatives On a hip hop or see what that be Okay, whatever you say Five six seven Five six six Anybody have any idea what he's talking about No, the RNC show Let's go to candle Hello Candle Here's Miami, hello Yes sir, how you doing? Okay, um Do you need a little spastic this hour? No, well, I was watching I caught the end of the game And one thing is perfectly clear The Orioles suck bad Yeah, that's I mean We didn't need them to play the Cubans to find that out No, I know I mean The thing that really pisses me off is that There's a team of $80 million pair rolls The marlins have a $17 million pair roll Yeah, and they're both about the same Yeah, the Orioles are got a little guy's one More win over the marlins, but the thing is marlins the leaser young Orioles, man, it sucks Well, what do you mean at least they're young? What do you think I got a lot of young players a lot of players that Who cares? I don't think anyone that sounds like that sounds like the propaganda from the Panthers again All the youngsters in the organization That's a substitute for having the you know for Wayne destroying the team That's that's bullcrap Okay, thank you Thanks for the bulletin Yeah, the youngsters in the organization That's the same old tire line they've been using in this town And of course with a hockey team it works because they keep showing up cry I don't know why I have no idea why Well with the baseball team are they showing up? No, not based on last night They had the 4200 people that are included in the vendors Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yes sir Hi, listen, I just wanted to find out You still keep in contact with the bill Not a long time Okay, but I mean you know if he or any of his fans I mean you still might down California Did he still there? Yeah, he's still at the KFI Okay, well, I'm just wondering like would you happen to know like this Like like if he's come out with any other CDs or anything that that's No, I don't but I call up KFI I'm sure they can tell you five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line one Get that all done. Yes, well, this is the new larger show Okay, we love Bill Henry's a great guy. Are you sure positive but he's in Los Angeles now and he has no interest in their our desire coming back And I can't say that I blame him Here's pop at OB chill. Oh, no, yes sir I'm just wondering if you are sort of squat section today We're getting about that silly baseball game about the world pressing Federation about the why world wrestling Federation going into partnership with Perfect Nadia to put up a new line of perfume. No, I didn't see that In there Huh Hey, the world wrestling Federation is to come out with perfume It's a game club you moron Evidently that's right. Okay. Thanks for text with good news Okay, okay. Oh, do I think is the one that they're going to be a song going to be hotline Okay, two calls left and aboard in the audience land. This is just beating them over to him with a goddamn baseball bat until a blood comes spreading out. It's an exercise and S&M doing a talk show in this time Five six seven. Oh five sixty rhymes with 60 pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Mobile and pop in. Oh hello Hey, Neil. I know. Okay, sir. I just want to say personal Listening to George last week I really enjoy listening to them as the change of pace Great. He definitely beats Randy Rhodes. I'll tell you that. Well, that's not the same too much. No, no Yeah Also, every time it's a tragedy It seems like the media just makes a bigger asshole out of themselves and the time before that is that true Because that's what the media has become. They're exploiters of human tragedy and misery and suffering Just like the thing with the tornadoes their last night. I mean they're all over that thing like stink on craft manager It's just unbelievable. It's like something to report the news It's another thing to go in there and exploit it and just invade people's privacy and just go crazy with it Ever since the old jay thing the media never going to be the same again. They take things and they just strangle them But don't they step back and look at themselves? No, they don't know they don't see the only thing they care about is the ratings That's believe me when I tell you that's the only interest that they have There's the stupidest question was they asked this one woman who's a daughter died in Jonesboro last year Can you tell anybody is Colorado now that it's been years? There's anything good that they can tell. I saw that. I heard that if anything promising you can tell Do you know I'm a I Yeah, no Right, no class. I saw it asshole taking it okay The media they are sick man. They're a bunch of lunatics. They're much of maniacs. They will exploit anything for fun and profit and don't let them give you a big shot And it's about how ethical they are. They're great journalists. They're a bunch of horrors. They're a bunch of great robbers lunatics 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello Yes sir. What is that? Okay. Ask you a question. The announcement for the Penguins hockey game the one of those I can't call his name. Do you have any of those days you could run a couple of times? No, no, I sure can. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Great. Good. Just one thing. Sure. You can expect this. I'm going to have a guy named show here and I'm all of the semifinals. They're running Mike Langtapes. I mean some of you people out there. You need a lot of Bottomys. Go ahead sir. I'm sorry. No problem. I'm sure pretty soon if you haven't heard already. Jesse Jackson is probably running for president this year. No, he is not. Isn't that a fact? He is not. Really? Really? I'm surprised. I don't know. You are. You lose. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We've got 197 open lines there for three-seven minutes to go. We'll never make it till two. No. Not a chance. Not a Chinaman chance and health. Maybe we've got some press conference. We can some sports press conference. We can throw that. Understand that six of the quarterbacks NFL are coming out of the closet today. So be appropriate first to carry that press conference here on a show. Here's Del Ray Beach, Ella. Hi, I'm Colleanne. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you that I agree with you on the press. I think that there are large part of the problem with the Friday today because they keep letting this crap go on and on. And second, I'm George's at a great job when you're gone. It's much better than tapes because we've all heard them. I'll leave it to you. It's really what's calling on Doug and I'm George. I love you too. And in closing, Father's Tool. Okay. 560. 560. Both are breaking in the day to give us check. That's good. Had it sitting here my wallet to let the any grass to grow on it and he lost. WQAM. Hello. Yes sir. Yes. I got a shameless request. Can you play Larry King? You saw him a bitch? No. Larry King, you son of a bitch. Is that incredible? Larry King says you son of a bitch. More Larry's voice is getting deeper by the second. Wow. I don't know Larry was in the NRA. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Oh, no. Yes sir. I've got an interesting story to tell you about. Yeah. It was unfortunate enough to get call for jewelry to do last week. And I was in a room with about 7800 people and they said anybody who doesn't re-explic English please could up to leave now. And about 300 people got up and walked out of the room. And I bet you that they're a bunch of the people who are going down with quick walk around. Everybody else was a scum room, but they don't have to go down. Well, thanks to the good news. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile and four-laterdale. When that radio away. Oh. Yes sir. How are we going? Great. I got two words for you. Okay. Great. Five six seven. I think I'll pass in your case. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Pomp five sixty on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's your field. Hello. I'm Robin Crystal's feet. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Are you doing me? Okay. I want to know how you think of the Mount Sinai dialect. What? The Mount Sinai dialect? What's that? How would I know what that is? They were talking about the dialect. Who's they? The Mount Sinai dialect. I don't go to Mount Sinai Hospital or the South Beach. I want to have my gobladder out several years ago. They didn't hear killed me at Mount Sinai. I don't know. Oh. What? I just want to know what to do to that. Let me say it again. How can I think of it when I don't know what it is? What is it? What is it? Well, I need to move it to you. No. I just tell me what it is. Can't you explain to me what it is? What it is? What is it? All right. Wait a minute. Oh. Yeah. One of mine. Old Jew bitch. That's right. One of mine. I don't at least deny it. Crazy old bitch. How about the tube steak diet? Try that one sweetheart. Coacher for pace off. God. This place, like I told you, derelict and dead people. That's what South Florida's all about. One 26th of QA. I'm Hollywood Seminole. You can tell your steak fat. ACF. He has no right to talk religion because he is a fighter and he is not what preserves of our thinking. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to talk to you. Oh. Oh. Send me too much time on eBay. This is how I've been my day. Oh. I'm just sending too much time on eBay. bidding time. I've been awake for days now. Don't care how high it goes. Coach, I have one thing to live for. Got you get that kung fu fruity I drove in. I'm sending too much time on eBay. My paycheck is flat with me. Ooh yeah, I'm sending too much time on eBay. bidding time.而已 to school. How come nobody's talking about the big Marlins game? In the fact we had all those 30 or 40 people our last night and they lost their 800th in a row. How come nobody wants to talk about that? I want to talk about some stupid ball game. It was played like a thousand miles away that nobody cares about. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I have a similar book with. Can you play a bit down there for me? No. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. And it was not a pleasure. Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Going once. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Can we wait and talk to Neil? Speaking. Oh I know you don't. I'm so sorry about that. That's okay. Nobody cares about the Marlins. They care about the Marlins. It's just a lot to that Cuban baseball game. Is that a factor? I would agree. Okay. I'm glad they have you back Neil. I love you at the kid of the bat. Like I said, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I told you it was fast to go. I could feel it like about 20 minutes ago. You could feel it. Here's a mobile and camera. There's no factor. Here's a mobile and a candle. I just want to say one thing. Okay. Great. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you aware of the one player defect that already? No, I'm not. Oh, yeah, he did. You said that Moll is concerned of now. We too. Who said that? Yeah. The Cuba State is our reporting man. Oh, great. Well, that must be true. Okay. Thank you. Let's hear it for Joe Kubas. So what's everybody bitching about it? If we got one Cuban player defect that already, that made a midst of the out of the whole deal. What are people complaining about? Now all of a sudden, what was it tragedy only hours ago? Now is he great blessing? Hallelujah. And of course, now he'll be a big hero. Here's a mobile in Miami. Okay. Line 8 screwed up again. This thing is just coming on glue here. This last 25 minutes. We just totally lost it. Who did you QAM? Hello. Yes sir. I talked to me about the red one from the head of the ranch. No. Let's do a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes sir. I watched a little bit of that game last night that sorry baseball game with Cuba. I tell you, Marlon's game, yeah. Yeah, really. I stand out on the stand. Everybody's making such a big deal about how we got our butts wiped by the Cuban. Didn't we beat them like four or five times? What do you mean we? We being American. Well, what does that mean we was the Baltimore Royals? It wasn't an American national team. It was the Baltimore Royals. It couldn't be like that. That's right. My amniots. That's one five. It's so rough. Then against us. Yeah. Well, let's leave that to them. Okay. And not us. Then against us. Crazy. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a mobile and boint in the chillout. Jerry. Archnard. Hi, Ali. Hello. And you. How you doing? Okay. I'm an American Cuban and I say American first because that's why I am. So why do we need the Cuban part? Well, because everybody wants to know what your roots are. So no, no, they don't. Okay. I don't want to know. I couldn't give a crap less about anybody's roots. Well, what does that mean? That's right. I agree. It's a good. And American. Yeah. And the Cuban. The baseball players in the Cuban mind in the Cuban. They're eyes. They brought out the Cuban flag after they. They. They won the game. So in their eyes it was a victory for Cuba. In our eyes. It was just a game. And we're assuming correctly here. You know, my eyes. It was a total wasted time and a total lack of anything that I might have even a minimal amount of interest in. Well, are the or the orials representing the new United States? No, they were not. That's right. But the Cuban state that it was a Cuba versus United States. Yeah. And that's I'm that we're seeing it through their eyes. And I think it's totally ridiculous. But it's in their mind. It's a big triumph of the US, the US, or weak now. And we're listening. They had a call on the morning show this morning on Joe and the Bigel Boys Show. Our morning show. And we had a guy who called a Cuban American or whatever. He was I did it was this was the worst thing that ever happened to the United States. And he was serious. I can't believe it. Well, believe it. I'm like, let me tell you something. If they would have played the Yankees, they would have. The fact that we got kids shooting each other in school. We just had, you know, all these kids get killed in Denver out there. That's not, you know, that's not even in the running for it. The worst thing that ever happened to the US was losing the orials. Loosen a ball game. And South Florida, that's the priority baby. Well, God bless America. Wherever it is, which ain't here. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. And you, how are you? Okay, sir. Unbelievable. Glad you're back. Uh-huh. We sure could say the same. What's that? I said it's been great. Well, I have a rough course. We're all like it. I could say a few a couple of questions if I may. About what? About this whole issue and George. About this issue and George? Yeah, well, I want to talk to you about concerning George if you don't mind. I'm listening. Yeah. Can you show it in the weekend? You know, I had a, I sure want to weekend. Was he here on a weekend? Well, no, he, he doesn't work on the weekend, but that's show on Friday with the toast sucking in the toe and all that. You've got your fireports on that, correct? What do you mean by that? Spive reports. Well, you've gotten a Spive report on George's show on Friday. Well, what does that mean? Spive report. What does that mean? Did you hear about the show? Just generally. It was unbearable. It's what it was. But that's your opinion of it. See, I don't come back and ask for Spive reports because I have full confidence in what I leave here. He's going to do a fine job and I'm sure that he did. We do like the tape. No, we don't like the tapes. Nobody likes the tapes. The tapes suck. No, they don't. Yes, they do the tapes blow. Okay. And then can we give a mobile? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Put what a jackass man. You're an absolute total imbosal. You know, you always know you're dealing with the real jackass. When the guy has to prep his whatever he wants to say about asking can he ask say whatever it is. Just say it. You know, even though it's going to be a polycrap, just say it. But sitting on the pot in the morning, okay, don't ask you what it's going to be. Just do it like Nancy Reagan says. Whoever the hell said it. Mikey, just do it. God. It's enough to make you want to sit back and light up a nice doggy now from Nick's regards. You know, how to help can we afford to be doing this show when we're running a live spots or a little cigar place? That's what that jackass and my 100 wants to know that it is that simple that the athletes put in the ass. Is that his name put in the ass? Yeah, put in the old record. That's his name. Well, I got news for you sir. Next don't get any cheap spots on his show. Neither is anybody else. And the reason that Nick's a pays a lot of money for spots on his show is because we do it from NSJ on for him and they do a great job for us. It's a marriage made in heaven. And they'll do the same for you because today be in Tuesday. Don't forget to be Tuesday and Wednesday. Nick's all you got to do is go down. And they'll give you 10% off on all the great cigars you buy all the accessories, human ors and cutters and cigar samplers. And they also have special dollar premium cigars every Tuesday and Wednesday just for listeners of this show. And of course, Nick's the largest manufacturer of premium hand roll cigar. The West. Maybe that's why they can afford to buy spots on the show. Mr. athletes foot in the ass because they're not just some little pop a mom and pop cigar store. They're let me say it again. A third generation of premium cigar craftman who build a gigantic business. Nobody is better anywhere in the universe than Nick's. And of course, they're highly rated by cigar fish. You know, that very controversial magazine that they're selling again at MIA. So if you want a great cigar and especially in affordable price because being the manufacturer they sell direct to the public head for next cigar is 71 11 West Black or a mile east of the Apollo. Or call next to 305. 266 9907. I got two windows down. Drive my car over. All right. What's that I see in it? It looks flat and it looks dead. Yeah, my eyes pop open wide. Could smell like something that there's no doubt. I'm grossed out by that. Thing on the road. It might be a rock pot. I'm a little raccoon or a skunk. What they got to come in and that they were struck. And right before that final sudden impact. Oh, man. I've probably heard the horn of the big Cadillac. So now I'm square in and I drive. Hold my nose and pull tight. She reign to pretty size. At least now it will not bite so now. It becomes obvious. From road to night is dangerous. That's why everyone has seen us. A thing in the road. You call that a peanut? 144 at 5.50 WCM. So anyway, Joe who got my hockey tickets. I guess for the last game that I didn't go to must have been the Tampa Big Game. Oh, man. Bring me some cigars. He's a S cigar guy. And of course, being a small cigar guy like that. He can't afford to buy spot like next. Okay. It's 144 at 5.50 WCM. We're solving all the problems of the world here today. This is the last time you'll ever hear the word Cuba or Castro or any of that on the show ever again. You'll never hear any more about Guaya Buraz. You'll never hear any more about media. No chase. You'll ever hear any more about horse meat. Here's a regular red. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Thanks, now, I'm going to give you all of my music. I've been listening to you since my Zeta Days in High School. Right? The reason why I called you. I've been dying to call you since about 11 this morning when I heard the one gentleman call up, and he just wakes me up. Hello, Lord. Yes, sir. And he said to you, is that to you. You know, how can you take away the rights of the Americans for putting out signs to everybody, isn't it a little convenient? How. And this hour I'm an American and next hour I'm a Cuban. Right. And this hour I'm American. I mean, you know, make up your mind. You know, the, I live down here. And this is something that the same time that they wanted to have been tried to take cigar office, you're not a office stand in my international because they don't, they don't like the fact that it's got a, uh, a little bit too flattering picture of Castro. Let's go on a Cuba as if there's somehow instant sensors over there. I wonder if they're leading to time magazine and newsweek and US news and all those other magazines over there. I sure doubt it. Don't you? Yeah, exactly. I mean, you know, it's just a little bit little extra paper you to put on your bird cage or your dartboard or whatever. I don't complain about it. You know, and the thing that really bothers me is that, uh, you know, how you say, you know, a lot of people to justify themselves saying, oh, well, I'm a Cuban American. I'm hired to that crap. I'm hired to that. But you know what? I'm tired of people who are who like compartmentalized themselves. These are like hyphenated human beings. I'm sick of that. The worst part about it is I'm, I'm a white guy down in their color. It's what am I. I'm supposed to be either a redneck or white trash or a hippie. You know what? I'm a nice guy. Yeah. That's all. Me too. I'm a nice guy too. I don't have to be some old Jew-fag. Wasp. I can just be a nice guy. Exactly. You know, I mean, you know, cry, I'm a nice guy. I might hold my mind. Right. But still I'm a nice guy. So far. And you know, and down here in Dave County, what really bothers me is, is that we elect these people in the office or they get elected. Yeah. I don't know the my vote. By the 50 old Cubans that were marching in the street last night. Exactly. Exactly. Why is it that we send representatives to government? And they're not worried about, you know, the trash that's in my neighborhood or those direct car on the side of the road or taking care of street lights. Just remember, sir, as long as the trash that's in your neighborhood is on the streets, you're in good shape. And have a great day. Exactly. Great. Yeah. That's the kind of trash you're in. And when I was that thing, and that bit that I just played about the coins of the road, something like that, I see we got the new general manager, WQM just came in with a much better suit than the old one. By the way, without the red nose in the cracked cocks is too, I think Greg Reed had one physical problem to many, one ailment to many in the head of Worship is as a. And of course, how can a guy like Greg Reed before to be running this place and pay me all this money when Fuddy says we're selling those cheap spots. Anybody want to buy any Marlon spot? No. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Doug. Great. Yeah, that guy called a couple calls ago. He said that, uh, well, the players affected, uh, it is true. I did hear it on news it. Maybe one or two players affected and maybe maybe one or two. One or two? One or two? And some of them, and probably some of the 300 delegation that came. Yeah. They might have defective. But they also reported that Brady Anderson and BJ serve up a defective secure playing baseball. Okay. Uh-huh. Right. All about your bullcraft is what it is. All of pilot crap is what it is. Such a, I mean, like I said, around the rest of the world, people are talking about stuff that's important here. They're talking about the same old, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Higher scale that Jesus, you can smell it. Well, maybe it's these cigars. Just a joke, Joe. What are you laughing about these? Look at these. These are like, uh, Opus X, Nick would be real upset to see this. Hello, I think. That is probably myself. Huh? Uh, love. How about, uh, love. How about, yeah, uh, is that correct? Sure. Sure. What? Close enough. Love and data. It doesn't have a trillion in. It doesn't have a kill day. La Habaneta. It's a trillometer when you smoke it though, and a cigar too. By the way, tomorrow's today we're going to be smoking weed in here because we have a short show so we'll be there. Yeah, nice to do that. What's the time is that ball game? Yeah, you gotta get stoned to listen to the Marlem game. Yeah, I'm on. So that's come up at 1230 to play game tomorrow. We got a short show. Or here's a Fuente, Fuente Fuente Ope's X. Why does it have Fuente under twice? There's one that's good that way. Is one of them teeth of Fuente? Puppy Compo? By the way, watch out for your Puppy Compo, baby. What seems to be playing on? Anyway, it's 149 at 5. 60, who is that guy that Greg Regis brought in here with that new GM? I think you're right. Huh? Yeah, he looked more like a business guy. He looked like a man's not like a sloppy guy we got. They're running around sick all the time. And you know, pro business, the place to go for all your eye care needs.