Yeah, yeah. Sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale presents the Neil Rossier Channel, an email called 560560 toll free. Oh my God. Howard, 45560 out of your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the measly broadcasts? Yeah, Matt now. Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 565QA. I want to bang in the front. Free drugs. Not a happy drugs. Two, two, part on take. Two, two, part on take. But the longest to highest to the small to my fellow Americans. I stand before you tonight. Part on growing. Part on expanding. Part on rising. I reach out line. Two, two, all of you. A rock solid. Part on. A hard on free drugs. Not a happy drugs. Two, two, part on take. Two, part on take. And ask that we join together in standing in the American people. Take it. So Tom Jick has says. Oh, seriously, do you have any idea what a thrill this is? I mean, open up the TV book, which nobody reads. What a tremendous thrill. It's at least on my side. That good ball headed Tom Jick. If I ever say anything bad about him? He's balled in the geek and sometimes they're right about the ratings enough. Good guy. My good buddy Tom Jicka, who never stole a freight train. Right there in this week's Sun Sentinel, which is a good thing, by the way, I did open up yesterday's Sun Sentinel. A little bit when I got home last night. Because this morning's Sun Sentinel is a soggy as a river rat. Huh? It was just, you know, you open up the plastic and just water log crap. In fact, it looks, every time that happens, it looks like it's reforming back into a tree again, you know, like the paper is kind of like the tracing its life backward. Tom Jicka says to a letterwriter, do we have anybody in plantation in like this show? No. Have we ever had a call from plantation anybody in enjoys this show? No. They hate me in plantation. And it's interesting, by the way, the arena is in sunrise, close to plantation, but officially in sunrise. The public's, that sunrise, right? Even though it's on that other side of the street, I'm pretty sure that's still sunrise. The song, whereas public's, you bet your sweet as it is. That sunrise. So I'm big in sunrise, gigantic in my main international airport, but in plantation, not too big. So here's this letter to the editor. Oh, by the way, Mel Tour May died. Oh boy. Oh my God. Keep that move back. More, more, more. I'm not going to be here now. No more. You know, leave it to the heroes. You know, you people at the hero that are such a bunch of assholes really. You're just unbelievable. Mel Tour May was on a front page, the last. Do you think? No, Tour May dying should be on the front page. No, no. Huh? I mean, he was very well known. He was fat. He was, you know, the velvet frog, which I didn't know he was Canadian. Which I got a facts from Montreal, by the way. Boy, we had a lot of stuff here from Monday. I think that's for that. So when it was on the front page of the paper, it says, Mel Tour May, who wrote, Chestnuts roasting on an open fire. I hate to break the news to you. In fact, in the same article, if you take the effort to open up to the inside page, which nobody does, it says, the Christmas song. That's the name of the song. He didn't write, I mean, that's part of that's the most famous lyric from the song. But that's not the name of the song, you idiots you. You know, I'm speechless. It's so typical in the people here. Like, well, yeah, that's the name of the song. So it's not roasting on an open fire. Yeah, that's it. Like that richie from New York that was just under again with a worse thing. Everything bad from New York has come here. It's like a disease. There are 10 million good New Yorkers. They're all still up there. Every disease, every piece of direct, if you're putting that expression. Right, Todd? Every piece of sewage, instead of sticking in the Hudson River, they are set it down here, including Richie with a lot of mower. The bagel boys. Oh, geez. See, I'm digressing now. So anyway, yesterday morning on the, I think it was on the, but what's that show that, I don't know what's on the inputters. Charles Corral used to do it now. What's his name does? The news guy Charles Osgood. Oh, come on. Sunday, CBS Sunday morning is at the name of the show. And at the end, they usually have like, all these American scenic, you know, with the sound of waterfalls, pitching and bird singing, that's always at the end of that show. CBS Sunday morning, I think. So instead of that yesterday, just got the ass end of it. Just as the closing credits were going off, and they had the music of Mel Torremaid because after all he just died. And since basically that show appeals to pseudo intellectuals anyway, and Mel Torremaid in all that jazz business is definitely a pseudo intellectual for huh? Right? It's a music for pseudo intellectuals. I'll just go to the little listen to Love 94. See the real intellectuals they listen to TMI. All three of them. But the pseudo intellectuals they listen to jazz on Love 94. It's un-music. So they were playing, and he would ever get what song he was singing, and very butchered. And then he did just about five seconds into it, and then he went off, he got moved, moved, and he had moved out like that. It's not like that, OJ thing that I play. Yeah, I thought it just like that. And I thought to myself, oh my God. And by the way, he was 73 years old. He had a stroke three and a half years ago and guess what? What did Mel Torremaid have in common with all these other people who were dying? He was fat. He was a big fat tubalard. He lost some weight there once. I remember one time he looked at almost human, and then he just ballooned up again like he was always doing right now. I come into this morning, I see default there in the out of control room, hanging out literally. He's got a putp a hanging out, I'm going to tell you, he has passed me. I walked in there and I said, Mr., you have passed me. And he looked down, couldn't see issues. And then he took his cap off and he bent down, he's got a bald spot as big as I know. He says, well, I've always admired you so much, I want to be just like you. He's better than I am. See, and not only is he, see, my fat is all in this one place, this rule. I had this rule and that's it. If I could read that rule, I wouldn't be so fat, but I can't get rid of it. But nevertheless, but he, it's like from the neck down, is getting fat. You know what I'm saying? And he's rationalizing and he's saying, oh, you know, all us dudes, you know, middle age. That's a rationalization, Mr., you're getting fat, you're going to die. Here on your fat station for the 90s, this is the fattest freaking place I have ever worked in my life. When he was in IOD was he fat? No, never, never, never even close was he chubby? No, no. He was slim, he was, you know, he was a guy. You've seen him on television on those 85 different shows he does. Was he ever fat? No, he comes to this station all of a sudden he's porking up like a cow. Inormous gigantic huge. The fat people. Just like Dom Dello we said in that movie, in Fethill. The good people are the fat people and the fat people are. Oh, the dead people, just keep that in mind, okay? All you chubby's out there, all your people are trying to rationalize. I'm not gonna get on my soapbox again Farbie from me to talk about big fat cows Huh? Nothing worse than a fat soul like me talking about other people being real real real fat Gigantic huge Like Boogshami that we try to get in here to get through that way off things so that we can settle at office pool You only problem was we don't have a meat scale What do they have those don't they have the one at public doesn't that go up to like 800 pounds Where do they have those huh? You know the ones I'm talking about where they weigh like a side of beef on it To go over to pen Dutch. Hey yeah, we could take him over to pen Dutch and hang him by a meat hook The boogster Wow haven't seen him in a while. Can you imagine when to last time we saw him about four months ago with downstairs on the second floor By now he may not be may not even be able to get him on the elevator down downstairs Maybe that's why he hasn't entered the building. Maybe he can't get into the building And some people think oh well, that's really insensitive this to know it's not You try to save people from choking on their own fat from this disease from this illness like Jeff de Flores That's why I what kind of flowers you like by the way Because you mark my words and I don't take this lightly. I wish him only the best. I really mean that But he is gonna be we're gonna be putting him in the ground. I Can smell it you can feel it you can sense it Saw them I've seen anybody go from slim to enormous to to gigantic to roll a pulley and such a short time I think last time I saw that was after Alost all-light weight cool steam every lost all-light weight for about five minutes And he went from like I don't know what 250 to like 450 it like overnight He just had a bad night and all of a sudden he woke up the next morning at meet scale I'll get back to Tom jica believe me 10-10 and all our good friends in plantation 10 past 10 at five 60 WQM here. This is Lord even loves Neil Rogers Ever wonder what happened at the British super group Oasis there are lots of people thought they'd find me from out of ways to rip off the Beatles Not even once oh, Lisa sees back with a new CD that's like nothing you've never heard before It's Oasis don't let it be Oh, Jesus don't let it be gives you a chance to listen over and over again to incredibly original songs like this I'd like to be Meet the service of the ocean and eat on secret just cultivation that's with you always I don't let it be you move It will sound you it will make John let it spin and is great And look for no gammagers new solo elf he's happy highway On snowboard All right, let's be here then the happy we'll all be Anybody think melto or maybe along on the front the page is death. Oh the hero to read the news page See one thing they don't understand is that time is kind of passing them by no one saying sometimes I feel like time is passing them by at the hero melto or me like only old farts Remember a melt or made that's number one and number two most of us old farts didn't like him in the first place And his chest that's roasting on a guy named open fire. Okay We're already sick of those old chest nuts. Okay. They're rotten. You can smell him from a million miles away already Take your chest nuts. Take him in a box and have a great the sleep. Okay. Have a great dirt and have melt or may go away. He was fat He was a good guy. You know, I guess I guess All was good friend was Yuri Lewis who it could have been too good So Tom jicker says I'll get to this Yeah, but he's my good buddy Tom By the way, that picture a Tom. I mean, I know we're all getting a little bit older and I have seen you not that long ago But that picture that's bad I'd sue the sun sent me before you get your last check. I would sue their ass for that picture Anyway question these are this is on the question answer page that Tom jicker every about every six weeks gets my name in there somehow And thank God for your time. You're the only guy left in this town That'll put my name in a paper not that does any good but nevertheless can't hurt That Terry Jackson asshole. Well, I guess he's supposed to be the TV writer over there to help memory wrote on the whammy thing and about how embarrassing that Station was and how great it was that I finally got off of there and by the way everybody in their brother the people Let's still come up everybody that I talked to saw this show on whammy everybody I'm at the airport in Toronto last night at Pearson International Airport. There's a bunch of kids and you know some adults the coaches or whatever Kid the hockey team I've 12 13 year old kids They watched the show on whammy. I mean they're like most of the time they're in school when the show was under in the daytime But they know me from whammy how do you like that? I'm a tearport going up Friday night and there's a couple of the porters worked over near port big fan to mine What happened to that TV show God we sure missed that? No, we don't we don't miss a fat show what you don't see you know I was thinking this the other day before get back to time Jicka you watch how long it takes me to milk this thing Now I was thinking well some Monday. I got a whole new tactic for Monday I was thinking the other day all these people like you have problems with and then I take the fallout like I'm a miserable son of a bitch I'm a nice guy you're a prick. Okay. Look at these people There's an example fat show Yeah, now I realized that he was in there with you farting and belching and puking and being obnoxious and sticking to join out He was a very nice guy, but very obnoxious. Yeah, and we'll keep his nose fat Yeah He's fast nice guy love to party with the guy, yeah, but as far as having him in your room. Yeah, I can all day long. No But we miss Ron Yes, Ron was a good guy. He was quiet. He was not by by by. No. He was quiet. He went about his business Did his job and miss Rob's fiance. This Stephanie lifts Rob Rob Rob's a good guy. You know, but just a little too silly from you know I'm saying kind of a silly guy Yeah, I got your lips right over here sweetheart Well, that was her rob miss David Swar. He was a good guy. He didn't he wasn't a young that pop pop You're like that We missed Danny's feet From whammy Danny from whammy and that's it. You know, he would say when it had its moments, but This listening audience they didn't want anything to do with that show They want any part of it. They already heard it the first time which goes to improve what I said about those those tapes Nobody wants to hear what a second time. Okay, they can repeat it by wrote they can repeat it the chapter in verse There's nothing like here and somebody talking about a ball game that happened six months ago. That's timely It's crap is what it is But the whammy thing was just uh, I don't know put it but on a real station with people are really new what they were doing and not many less You know that could have been could have gone over And if we could add a few brawls, few fist fights, what we needed on that show were naked people and fist fights That's what we needed. That's the secret for success and maybe you're like in a background pictures of playing cracks and stuff like that That's what you have to have sex and violence violence and sex Then it might have gone over because who the hell wanted to see some old bad Jew with the yarmac on every night for half an hour You know what I'm saying So anyway time jikas says well first here's the letter and again It's from plantation maybe today will have a call from plantation from somebody who likes to show you think so no They hate me in plantation like poison Maybe because I've lived there for the last how long have I lived there seven and a half over ten years long time Oh, but women see I I'm digressing them all over the place. It's not only fat Joe, but it's like Bob McKay I only saw the man wasn't I saw the man from from kiss program director of our sister country knows to conk He came in downstairs on a second floor his hairpiece fell off any ran out I saw him for like five seconds one day the only time ever saw the man you tell me he's an asshole I think he's a guy Which is how the little wrinkle one day. Yeah, and who else is in that category? There's somebody else that you hate like poison That I don't even know well, there was a whole series of names that came to mind I was thinking about it on a plane last night which goes to show you what a boring trip I was to come and back and you want to why I was boring because I was coming back here. Oh, God You know people ask me why you you're always running under a lot of those vagus last weekend to run of this weekend And you want to know why I have such a great play at time being in all these places because I'm not here Yeah, but what do you do there? Whatever I can't But I have a great time because I'm not here just even if I just sat in a hotel and looked out the window And open up the window and smell the stale air. Oh boy. It was hot up there yesterday was 89 and real human and made me realize You know when it's great up north like in the spring and in the fall But in the summertime man the humidity. I it's unbelievable All these snowboards that go schlepping back up there. What's the big picnic up there in June and July and August? 89 degrees it felt like a hundred nine and Today I watch in CBC this morning. She said it's gonna be 32 in Toronto and feel like 41 That's Celsius 32 is what like 93 something like that. Well, now what is that you don't know what that means? I don't have my conversion chart on me. Well 24 is 75 28 come on get with it. I can't do math It you know it is a question of doing math. It's a question of knowing the numbers on the scale There's not a mathematical progression. I don't go to Canada that zero why not to make those two You're too paced you to be going up there They don't like Cubans up there that much. They have like a a spikton up there in the Toronto About two blocks about two blocks. Now I think that's enough to be safe. He says Canada sucks. Why is that? Have you ever been there? To Toronto and you thought it's suck Based on what oh that's right. They don't like Cubans. Well what didn't you like about it? What is there? What could anybody possibly not like? What it's too clean oh it's too clean. That's right. He grew up here. He likes the schmutz He likes spil. He likes you know Wallowing and sewage up to his armpits. Great. And you're in the perfect spot for it. Two clean. Two anesthetic. The subway runs on time. It works too good You can get all around the city. No problem at all people are friendly. They speak to you You're working dollars worth oh by the way. Can I talk about the change guy there? I better not do this because I you know I keep making all these famous celebrities out of people or celebrities There's a change place up there. There's a young guy. There's a family that runs the series and being a world class city like it is all over downtown there's places to exchange currency unlike Miami which only at the airport which is a major ripoff Is there any place else can the saw grass in the airport is there any place else that you can tell me where they change currency and it's down Oh, so that shows you right there. It's not a world class city But anyway, so there's a family that this is their business is these currency exchange they've got like two or three of them downtown And they're like now see I always say Middle Eastern Pakistanis not Middle Eastern is it wouldn't you say Eastern Pakistan question huh? What are the it's not always referred to that but Indian Pakistan it's like Eastern not not Middle Eastern Middle Eastern Eastern is like your Arabs and you're Israelis and your Turks and Your Saudi Arabian like I said Arabs But anyway there's a tremendous number of Pakistanis and Indians in Toronto there people from all over the world It's a real multicultural city unlike this place which is just a bunch of people who refuse to speak English So they call it a multicultural city So anyway, they have these currency places and there's this one young guy who's I'd say about 20 years old maybe early 20s who works He's like the head he does the most of the work and any any time you go into exchange currency which haven't been to a few years He's in there Now I don't want to say that this is the best looking person I've ever seen in my life see there He goes again on this kick. Well, I'm just done. I want to make him famous. I want you when you go up to Toronto to change your currency with this guy And very friendly two by the way, he's from Milwaukee What's a guy from Pai? I don't know Pakistan in the I don't know what is back. He's dark. You know I'm saying like dark not black dark But whatever that Eastern dark. Do you know I'm talking about No, I think it's not that dark and the next time I go there what I'm gonna do is change $500 But I'm gonna do it with $10 at a time Huh? Which gives me an excuse to go in your 50 times the first day But anyway How did I get off onto that because I'm trying desperately to think of all these people that you hate and I don't really care about There's several of them because you're the hard ass. I'm just you know I'm a very easy going guy I like everybody generally speaking especially if they look good Oh geez, I got into break I'll get to that time jica thing in a minute We love Tom jica We love our friends in plantation even G E F They always put the initials of the letterwriter never the name and he's letters, you know that Tom puts in there and for obvious reasons to protect the guilty I don't know what the GE stands for I'll come up with something good, but F must stand for fart as an old fart 26 after 10 at 560 WC away I'm not gonna be around that year, I'm not gonna be around that year No matter how hard it's right Can't get further day to gather to power with you She will touch up in it Shastity I'm grieving it's too hard and believing Call the three lilies that's a fun Today the guys really hunt us I can't believe you're the last be And You must be something wrong You're gay I really don't know we're out when going You believe you're the last be And I feel I'm not here I really don't know who I went wrong Need to keep hurt something I saw help Yeah, I'm feeling the change already just thinking about that change place 1032 at 560 WC I'm sweating my Tom jikka says Well first of all GE F and plantation rights Your article on neo-rangers and Howard Stern was most enlightening I've never understood their appeal evidently a segment of the male population is never progress beyond their juvenile tendencies Just contrast ed capelin and Rogers Capital as well spoken knowledgeable positive three of racial or cultural bias informative and very entertaining Rogers is grammatically challenged uninformed Negative racially and culturally biased that appeals to the intellectually challenge that an adolescent level Our culture must reflect the audience that makes Rogers and Stern unbeatable sign GEF in plantation Answer from Tom jikka on behalf of neo-let me thank you profusely You've given them an entire program maybe a week of shows to rant that I made up this lever never and the letter never have never willy says To pay tribute to capelin It's no secret that Ed and I've become friends over the years. I almost didn't print your letter because of that However, that would be unfair too, but I'll refrain from comment on it For the record you're wrong about a lot of things you say about neo he's extremely intelligent and informed He took his program in the direction he is because list is responded with better than they did to the informative issue warrior in programs He did for many years Being a babysitter for old farts Occasionally when something major happens he beverts Either way he's one of the most entertaining people to ever work in this market Obviously he's not for everyone says my close ball friend jikka thank you Tom How do you like that and what do you mean one of Huh, how do you like that one of the most oh I guess but he wasn't gonna comment about Ed I mean I'm not in the same league with that capelin. Am I no no I mean it's a good guy boring, but he's a good guy And why is he boring because he tied see I don't know if that capelin could be interesting talking about other things But he's got a gambling show at 10 o'clock at night. He'll be on tonight after the ball game Until we hours of the morning until the last game is played. Why does he stay on till last game is over with for the gamblers? Of course He's got a sports slash gambling show which is why he does the show from a high-life and the dog track from the princess casino from the here and there and all these all these places all these things And because he talks about you know Sports obviously it can't be very interesting with all the respect of the format here at QAM sports talk is very very I mean coma inducing it's boring I think it might be interesting if we had in fact next year on April Fool's Day I got a great idea Let's let the can out of the bag right now. We'll promote it make a big deal I'll never go along with it though because they're so insecure. Oh gee you're gonna take our sports away for one day We'll ever make it How about April Fool's Day next year they come on in the morning and announce that we changed the format We're going like all serious talk and that everybody out of station on that day talks about anything and everything except sports Huh, wouldn't it was not a great concept That April Fool's Day Who would be able to accomplish that besides tank Oh, I think a cap one could probably talk about a lot of other things besides sports like maybe the track. Oh, that's right that sports The Yeah, the That is a shot, but I've heard Hank talk about the other oh Hank can talk about anything right I'd much rather Hank talk about stuff other than sports Because that's that's and by the way how come everybody was ripping Hank at ass? He was I want because I know Hank is back He'll be on tour clock today from the shoelas. I want to make sure Hank knows and I'm sure he's already heard about it It last Thursday and Friday for whatever reason after these a horrible trends came out The audience decided to blame Hank for it and just to launch into a all-out attack a verbal attack on Hank Why that is I'm not really sure I Just think that he ought to know that just and I can feel a little that you know if he doubted that he was back home Make sure he knows it because that's how they are here You could be on for a hundred years you could become the nicest guy in the world you could well, which of course he'd a lot of it The nicest guy needed a why But they just ripped him a big fat smelly ass here on Thursday and Friday on and off often on So anyway, and the headlines says neo-roggies entertains atomic train didn't and because the second letter is about Tom's skating review of the atomic train mini series on NBC and here's a picture of Rob blow and does he ever? And Tom basically said the series sucks and this letter read is very upset neo-roggies entertains the atomic train didn't which is why it's history is the headline here. I've gone Tom. Thank God for Tom jika And thank God for my late personal friend Bill Cosford from the hero there was a guy that appreciated that my show because he was bright enough to understand it to know what was all about And he had some nerve dying at how old was he like he wasn't even a 40 wasn't Like right around boy, what a good guy he was What was he doing wasting his time in this town and now seeing most of the people are writing the newspaper's here Like oh John Grogan to read his going away calm in there in the a son sent a list morning sucked Really weak okay, so enough to make me say even though about once every six months you wrote something that made sense and took a little bit of balls Good luck to you John wherever you're going pretty weak pretty lame Like here we have the bell on to the big charismatic story and the Chris Antley story in a Wayne Lucas story And everything that went along with it on Saturday at tragedy and what is Eddie Pope right about another stupid Jimmy Johnson story Just what we need is another stupid goddamn Jimmy Johnson story Eddie the Pope rhymes with dope Sepulchio supposed to be a major sports writer And he's right now out of some stupid Jimmy Johnson story the first we can June after the Bellman stakes and all the other stuff that went along with it So typical of this town just so it's definitive right there What you see right there is what this place is all about so what do you know like my idea? Haven't him do all serious talk on that day. How about you Joe Rose could talk about something besides sports huh he could talk about something besides sports I love the Amanda chonir talking about stuff. You know like All in by the way he said Tits again on Friday when he didn't pronounce it that way. Yeah. I just got Jimmy. Oh, yeah I never I mean somewhere in the FCC Bi laws there must be a thing though that if you were a dumb joc if you were like an ex-joc or like if you're doing a sports show You can say all of these things that the other these perverts like Neil Rogers they can't say those words But if you're doing a sports show you can say all of these things as many times as you want like Tits and whatever else you said 21 before 11 at 560 WQ anyone I'm 60 WQ am as no shame Starting this Monday. It's the OJ Simpson Glenhill and Superday good free initial All right the JNAM Monday through Friday only on sports fat radio WQ Yeah Algo Four years ago you gave me your nominated be by the presence I've been watching you through that And if I could have your silence of參 spotlight The algorithm Moderator Turning the Mocha When you are alarm goes off in the morning, not the rain. And one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit. Locker rain. Locker rain. Locker rain. Locker rain. Locker rain. 10. 45. It's 5. 60. I want to tell you one of the most disgusting things I've ever seen in my life. I thought that they would redo it. Now it's obvious to me that they didn't intentionally. The thing in the Britney Spears video, where the girl is standing in the front of the car on the hood. She's sitting in front of the car and there's like two chicks sitting on the hood of the car. One on each side. And the one is picking her crotch. That part where she reaches in and her shorts are like the concied. You didn't see that? I must have missed it. How could you know, you didn't see the video then? You haven't seen the Britney Spears video. But I must have been looking away during the crotch. Picking us. I saw it the one time. I didn't see the crotch. Well, I'm sure that if you watch that video again, you'll notice very carefully that you didn't. I don't usually miss things like you wouldn't miss this. Talk about a sexist world it is. Well, if a guy was like rearranging his privates, would they show that? No, first not. It wouldn't put that on a video. Well, that's coming next week. Actually, what they had they have Ricky Martin looking for his privates. And of course, with no success searching. Don't get started on a Ricky Martin. Don't get started. He's you know, he's hotter than a pistol. A matter where you're going to world. Everywhere you go, there he is. Ricky Martin. You can't think for a sh**. But they don't make any difference to anybody. Here's the fact that his melt where mate was an arrogant asshole. Other phony pain in the ass. Like all the stuff that'll come out about that jackass Bob Hope was never ever said anything. Funny in his life. Absolutely correct. As a complete piece of crap and his one foot in the grave already is only what a hundred and eighty five. You're right. War height. Bob Hope. No talent. No humor. No comedy. Never said anything. Funny in his whole goddamn life. All these old fossils. And melt where mate was one of them. You're absolutely right. I'll tell you another one who's been dead a long time and deserve to be was Peter Lofford. There's another piece of crap. We just hung around because he was married to one of the Kennedy's. And you used to, you know, get the JFK and Bobby lead all the time like with Merlin Monroe, etc. And what about Peter Lofford's involvement there in Merlin's death? Anybody got any opinions on it? No. Not that I want to talk about it. Oh, and by the way, there's a book that came out. What's down, listen to me? But I was reading the review yesterday and one of the Toronto papers. And by Joseph Bonano Jr., you know, Joe Bonanas from the mob, the old man who's still alive, by the way. And this is like an expose. I don't understand that. Based on what I read. Which I have to get that book immediately. Maybe somebody out there knows the name of that book. Okay, by Joe Bonano Jr. Not that the Italians were ever involved in the mob. No. No. This is Syrians. Josh Friedman. There's another example of somebody you hate that I don't have any feelings about one way. The other. Not that I want to see him. Don't get me wrong. He's setting your chair contemptuously also. What do you mean by that? What does that mean? Contempt to one when I ask how do you isolate? How do you sit in a chair contemptuously? How do you do that? When I expressed our desire that he not sit in either one of these chairs. He went in immediately and put his fat ass in the side of it. See there? I'm sitting on it. I'm not breaking it in your chair. Yeah. You know, I'm not going to be a tough person. Well, I might suppose to hate him for doing that. And then to me when I left him a little note in the comments. See, I'm under Smell them. He's oh. See, I'm a cool around smelling people, which evidently you do. But I've never smelled him. I've never smelled the fat too. It's not. Or have you spent a significant amount of time around him. Thank God. And I don't know what to do like that. There it is. No. See, and I'm not one of those people. And just like, you know, my good friend, Rimmer. Who I grant you was a tough, tough person to find. You know, he's tough. But once you get to know him, he's a good guy. He means well, even though he's annoying at best. And extremely annoying at worst, but nevertheless, and you hate him like poison. No, I don't hate him. Yes, you don't stop. Now that the audiences like to do that wonderful. They're doing belly flops. They're doing a collective belly flop. Laughing their ass off because they know you're full of crap. All right. They hate him like poison. I don't hate him anymore than anybody else in this building does. Yeah. I mean, it's pretty widespread. I don't think the word hate is so much as paranoia. Like default. Default doesn't hate him. He just paranoid and hates him. But that's the reason why. Because default being so insecure and fat in his old age, always has had this psychotic paranoia that I'm, you know, going to go out to try to get my friends jobs. Do I try to get my friends jobs? I gave that up years ago. I made bad bad mistakes with Bill Carter and Stan Major. Bill Carter was a talent. Stan Major was just generally a pain in the ass. Don't forget, last summer. He wasn't a friend of mine. Well, you got him a job. I got him a job because at the time he was, he was doing a good job on GBS. You know, you weren't even around in those days. I had a temple thing. We called him on the air. He was on the beach and doesn't pull. Yeah. And he still, he's still on F. See, and I had to go and mention him. Jesus Christ, which I do hate him like poison. Can't stand him. No talent. Fat, pompous piece of turd. Terminal and depressing. That's one thing I've always said about him. Just the sound of his voice could put you into a coma or make you want to blow your brains out. But don't start. You see you're starting to digress now. You're starting to get off into people and I don't even hear anymore. I did how about the bird you heard the loud encounter. You hate him. I hate him on the show. And he was obnoxious by the way. That's why everyone around. I don't know if you noticed that. It was never obnoxious to me. Oh, no kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Every one of you hated him. You don't even know if he's still alive. Who was in the eye? No, we don't hear him. We don't have a lot of fun. We don't have a lot of fun. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That comes across is so insincere. You wish him nothing but the very best. What does that mean? I mean, that I wanted to grow. And I hope that he has a pleasant life. But I don't want to hear him on the air. Yeah. All the female co-workers couldn't stand him there. Because he was on latch. He was a latch. And he would like fall on people and purps. Right. And that's totally absurd. At least that's what they said. I'm just going by it. Oh, it was. So if he wasn't with one of the men. I don't have a play yet, a game. Oh. He just excuse me. He could clear a hallway. I've learned how to do that on Queen's Day and Amsterdam. 400,000 beautiful young people out there. I kept sliding and falling and getting the squeeze. I was squeezing it. Well, hey, the pressure of human flesh, you know. You got to move somewhere. But we could make a long list of all these people that you have spies had had been hated. crap. Not that I really care. See, I don't care if people think I'm an asshole or what they think I never have cared and I never will, but it's just, I don't mind getting blamed for, you know, what is my thing? Well, I think it blamed for your thing. Then I, well, you don't think it goes the other way. Like 10 times as much like what? Every time you rip somebody, I get beat. I have to hear about it. I have to either cry or yell, I rip somebody like who? Who? Whoever? Whoever? Who? And the heck will you be? Who will hear in the afternoon? Who will you have my ever drink? How do you hear from that bitch? You don't hear from me. No, not anymore. See, I did. I had those two or three calls at home from my best post personal talent. Who latched onto me like some kind of a blood sucker, like a leech. See, when you've had a certain amount of success, there's the all these people who want to like latch on, just like those, remember they used to use leeches back in the 20s and 30s to cure illnesses? The suck at out of you, so to speak. A lot of blood suckers in the physical level of blood. Call on the upper home like my antichrist. It's my own fault for giving out my number. Why do I, or maybe it was on the list of the station? That's probably it. Call on me up like I wanted to talk to her. Like she like she belongs in his business. Oh, the only reason I came down here was because of you. Yeah, right. I like how I'm supposed to feel guilty about that. I guess I do. I feel real guilty. Like it's my fault that she's got no talent and that she's unlisted and is a real poor man's Randy Rhodes. I mean, saying a poor, and that would be like being a poor man's melt for me, you know, being a poor man's Randy Rhodes. And I mean, yeah, how's Jim doing by the way? So I can't believe you haven't seen the Britney Spears picking her cracked video. That's embarrassing. Something for you to really work on. Oh, I just, I'm never going to get through all this stuff today. You people on the phone, you wait, wait, you know, we had a lady from Indiana on there on her dime. I'm sorry, but I got a lot of stuff to talk about today, which doesn't happen very often. But I have a lot of crap I have to get with. Try the mobile and high, Leah. Hello. Yeah, I'm from there and I really missed a place. I got to get back there. But anyway, listen, the book is called bound by honor, right? And it's written by Bill Bonano, the son of Joe bananas. And it doesn't really, you know, kind of show the quotes to mob and then I really, yeah, sugar quotes mob a bit. And at the end that has this thing regarding the Kennedy's, how the mob till the Kennedy is actually revealed the shooter and so on and so forth. So it's okay. Maybe I'll just go in the store and sit sit around and have a cup of tea and read it. You know, and then put it back on the shelf. Yeah, I want to buy it. I mean, if you like mob stories and obviously I think you do, it's, it's going to leave you hanging. Uh-huh. And the book too. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I'll see it at the Eaton Center. All right. Before they go out of business. Okay. So there we go. There's a load on that bound by honor by Bill Bonano, who is the son of Joe, up in NSW 94 years old and still alive. By the way, they hit him with five shots that he's still alive this morning on CNBC. They were doing, um, Joe Kurnan and what's it then? They were, they were doing quotes from the godfather. It was great. Somebody was named the CEO of some company or assistant CEO and I said he's going to be the subsidiary and we don't all these lines from the godfather. It was great. Anybody would taste loves the godfather. If you haven't seen the godfather, you don't even, you haven't even begun to discover life yet. Okay. Just stop and think of all the lines, all the scenes, all the material. Just forget about two and three. Just from godfather one. They shot some of the other causeway. I mean, I could, I might, I might just do that one day. Maybe I'll do that next April 1st. Remember somebody, I've got to at home. Somebody sent me the whole dialogue, the script of the godfather. I might just read the whole thing on the ear next April 1. We'll make copies and do parts. We'll get some people in. Yeah, that's a good idea. I have a great idea who can play Luca Brotti. Depot. Oh yeah, by next April 1st, easily. Yeah, we got to get to the god business too. Larry Johnson scored a winning basket for the next in all odd. Did it, which I didn't see that because I pay no attention to that scope all. But all odd. Didn't, of course, poor Chris Antley and that charismatic story. What is disaster on Saturday? Is that yesterday at the Belmont? Chris Antley's possibly saved the horse from maybe even worse life threatening injuries and certainly saved them from worsensry by holding his foot there in the stretch. But then he's got to go on TV and I understand he's destroyed and he's emotional and I have no problem with that. But if god would have wanted us to win today, we would have won. See, there's a lesson for all you gamblers out there. God doesn't bet eight to five. Okay? God don't take eight to five shots. Four minutes before 11 at five, 60, W. 2M. Indonesia pewne. a cream bar. Sense and poparet, death and etc. Robert doesn't know play. Try a minute, acusalix, no dos team, no problems, not a secret. Stahomotry, no train, raising it, tag a net, play, text, tag a net, stick, tag, as I can. Nighttime, I let her see the color, charit, also, why isn't she, but set, oh, least young, nightgirl, try a minute, fix and fail. By the term I see, then bad just says. There, there's a god of the evolution, and all we shall walk on is with the names of the baby, give me two to black kids. Today, take it slow, ha, bro. Very beautiful names at the drugstore. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Why do they think they dislike to give a kid to some names? With double names at tell five days. That's a cool, double, double, double, double, three. Two, one, two, three, four, where, though, we meet up and pull up the fancy. It's 11.03 at 5.60 W to Q.A.M. Yeah, that god crap again, weird, it's ugly head over the weekend. First of the basketball game with Larry Johnson, he gets the four point there, miraculously at the end of the game to a Titan and win it with a free throw. Four point into win the game, and of course, ah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, Bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah. And a great story out there there are other ways here's a live playing, that we'll after I run for more than or more than a break at arm, again,han and some of you're. pleasure. On many, many other ways inside of you on the shower, and by the will have you taught at the seventies or five other going out to stud and that's that are in so on. But why, you know, here's Chelsea candy on there, 940 year old Chelsea candy, never so afraid train we'll ever, and she gets him on a year and tears are rolling down his cheeks and he's going through the thing, well, if God would have wanted us to win today. See, that's why we can't get that goddamn world over in Yugoslavia. That's why we can't stop the bombing in Ireland. That's why the Pakistani and the Indians are dropping bombs on each other and by the way, keep in mind, they got the nuclear weapons over there now. Well, because God doesn't have time for that crap. Don't you understand, don't you get it? God can't be bothered with little crap like that. That's why God didn't interfere in Colorado with Columba High School. He can't be bothered with stuff like that. That's why when that girl had martyr when she said, oh, yes, I believe it got a similar crap away. Okay, because God didn't have time for Cassie, whatever her name was, Bruno. What that her name? Something like that. You have time for that. He's busy worrying about ball games. And of course, Greg Reed says, all right, that's the way it should be because that's our mentality around here. I'm going to tell you, it's the only time I ever worked at the radio station with the general manager comes to work with a joxdrap on every day. Is that embarrassing and part of our sales staff, too? Yeah, where's the joxdrap? Yes, go ahead. I think she wears one. Big one. No, not a joxdrap. Kind of like, what did you, why do you keep hiding that? Hey, keep moving around. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I still was playing with it last time I saw it. How about the plastic one? He was running all around the building chasing people around. Yeah, what is big plastic? Yeah, he only wish a big black. Yeah, his big black thing. I heard the joxdrap sounded like a butterfly, by the way. I heard all the growth went to the nose is what I heard, but I get to the Italian way. You know, so anyway, speaking of growth, they had this, they have it, they had it's going on still. What? I'm having trouble with it. You want to know what? Because I got off that plane. Jade days less controversy. It says right there on the front of the sun sent on. Here's the picture of these screaming queens on there. And you know something see I used to be one of those people for all up until today is a matter of fact, but I'm doing a quick turnaround so to speak. I was always opposed to this crap. All these gate pride parades and all these gate days that Disney, which is kind of like an oxymoron, you know, or as it redundant, something like that. Every day is gate day, it Disney. But I was always against that because I thought this, you know, just reinforces the ugly stereotype of all these silly, swishy, menacing queens, you know, but you know something now I like it because it pisses off the glam. That's why I like it. It pisses off all these funny, balloony, in a closet, pseudo intellectual right wing Christians, okay? Or probably busy drilling glory holes right now. That's right. They're doing it for all glory. Hallelujah. It says the event began eight years ago, simply with a note posted on a computer message board at first only a smattering of people turned out for it, but as a bonus, locks, boycups of Disney and organized protests against it, the event continued to grow even at fact, the arraggers like it now. How do you like that is what it says? Now it encompasses four amusement parks in Orlando, it lasts for five days. Organizers say it draws to many, the hundred thousand people. And you want to know the name of the guy who started gay days at Disney? Wait to hear this. You better sit down and folks, I'm telling you right now. I learned this myself. I almost, I almost spit my coffee at a foreign, I don't even drink coffee. I almost spit it out. It's annoying that someone is unable to just let people have a good time, says, Doug, swallow. Oh my god. Organizer of gay days. Are you ready for this? No, I didn't think you would be. Exactly. You know my motto went and doubt spit it out, but not Doug. His name is Doug Swallow. That has to be here to make that up, didn't he? It really is taking on a life of its own, Swallow said. There's just something about that. I'm sorry, I just, uh, I don't know. It rubs me the wrong way so to speak. Gay day organizer, Doug Swallow. Man. And that goes on. I'll get the thing about the bitch there from where was she from from Boston? Yeah, from Boston. Came out of Boston with her kids. She was all bent on the shape. Two beds, we'd heart. Okay. Get used to it. Get with it. We'll see you on church street in Toronto. We'll see you in like any real city in the world. Where the guys are walking around holding hands. We'll see it on the right side. Beach. I bet they're holding it on South Beach. I'll bet you they are. They're holding it right now. Nine minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQML. God. Yeah, they did. Yeah. Yeah, they did. What did I play, Chad? Oh, I just get your man. Oh, gay guys got your back. Remember that? Because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked back. It's better to help by me and they cheat. I got lots of facial hair, then a lousy. So don't make fun. Don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy lifestyle. I chose. So if you're a joke, you start being fine with it. You might get a taste of homosexual violence. We don't play your butt, my target like a dog in a territory. You're smart. You're smart. But when you see us with a rabent bomb, we're just dying the past. Everyone in our hands on. We're the F.A.J. S.T.R. Who? Who's up with the train? I don't you forget it. You're the F.A.J. Really awesome. Had a hard of swallow. Let me see you just France with me. Just France with me. Now slide. Ooh right there. Let me see you do some white bend. Perfect. I make frizz lips. That's this baby. Now look at your lens. Oh, I got a white device. You're the F.A.J. Oh, Jesus, this everywhere. Show them to you. Does anybody have a white towel at it? We are the F.A.J. Okay, love us. Cut the crap out. You're no beauty girl. So does those swallow or what? Do you think those swallow? Anyway, it's 11.15 at 5.60. WCM the handgover sure from Shulis State 2 at 2 o'clock. We got talking baseball with Donald Z. Brennan at 6. Pre-game show at 6.30. Orioles at the Marlins. The Marlins are right hot. They won 5 in a row. Is there any? No. You can almost feel the interest building, can't you? Joe Costello wants free tickets for the Yankee games this weekend. Walking around here with his Yankee jersey on. Pretty embarrassing, Joe. So anyway, going back to this gate A thing in Orlando says in the week before gate A is a coalition of conservative groups was rebuffed and it's a tent that your anti-gay advertisements on local television stations, declaring that homosexuality is learned behavior that can be changed to religious faith. Here we go again with a crazy religious. The advertisements ran on four Christian stations instead talking about preaching to the choir. On Saturday, two twin engines planes spotted through the blue sky about the pointy spires of Cinderella's cattle with dueling messages hoping to grab the attention to the throngs below. And it goes on about the 10 year brown, frowning at the small groups of men and women dressed in red and holding hands are kissing. She had come from Boston to Disney World of a 3 children ages 8 9 and 11. We planned this is a special experience for the kids. She said, they're spending the whole time asking me, mommy, why are those men doing that? And probably mommy ought to say, none of your guy damn business. Let's go, uh, you know, and the a little world there. What do they call that thing? That little, that little, that little little small boy. Yeah, small. See this, it's small. Well, I bet you the glory hole consistent. The real busy up there this week. Uh oh, man. Can you see that? Those gigantic drilling sounds here all around the Orlando area up there. Or here's a call from Orlando right now. Hello. Hello, Dale. Yes, sir. This is Doug's Orlando. This isn't Doug's swallow is it? Oh, yes, it is. All right. Here's Doug's swallow. Oh, I deal. I just want to call him. Thank you for your support of our event. I think it's great. I hope you've pissed all these Graham off big time. Well, recently decided that you gave days was because of uh, right in the middle of the park, you may have seen there's a big silver ball. We just love it. This is great. Yeah. And we're all wearing red. And uh, we're crowding the local areas. We brought a lot of business to the Orlando area. And they love this here. Of course. And uh, that'll tell their pack and we're packing them. I bet you are. You're packing it. We're going to hold it next year. We're going to hold it every year. And you're going to hold it. Yeah. We're going to hold it. So let me ask you the question that all America's wondering right now does Doug swallow? Oh, it's swallow. Yes. Ha ha ha ha ha. No. Sure he does. But the interesting part of the end of the article, this is in the Sun Sentinel down here this morning. It says in 1998, doesn't the protestors line the access road to the park condemning the event. But on Saturday, except for the banner on one that one airplane, open protest at the park seem to have vanished. Well, that's because we killed all the heteros up here. Ha ha ha. There you go. You can't beat him. You're doing it. You're moving to work. Game bashing. It's reverse. Game bashing. Okay Doug. Well, listen, they're tracing the number and they'll be up to get you in about a half an hour. Oh, yeah. We love you. Okay. Yeah. That's Doug swallow. What? From a calling all away from Orlando. He was checking it out. He's seen that swallow too. By the way, what? He swallows. Okay. He's one of those guys that swallows and you like anal sex and the audio. I'm very I'm on old part. Okay. I'm from the old school. I take whatever I can get. 560, 50560, on the AT&T wireless line and you'd be shocked. Yes. So here we are. God is worried about the Belmont Stakes and he's worried about the next series. They're the basketball games. And OJ coaxed with notoriety and isolation isn't that a shame. Look, here it is on the front page again. Wasn't bad enough. We had to read Mel Tormec croaked on the front page of the year old. Is if anybody really cared very much. But we also got to have this, uh, this obnoxious, this anxious one on the front page of our newspaper with that look in our face with that arrogant smug look on his post. Simpson coaxed with notoriety isolation. Who was it that was in here this morning talking about the a laws in Florida? Who was that? Does. Was it bluff? No. Adam. Oh, is Adam from ourselves, the prominent. It's a little too cerebral for Duff. Yeah, I was the Adam and talking about the fact that a lot of these Florida laws, of course, make it easier for dead beats like OJ to come down here to avoid the habit of pay the court judgment, you know, to the Goldmanz and the Browns. A lot of dead beats come down here to Florida. That's one of the reasons that so many people come here first. We have no state in compaction number two. There are a lot of laws that let you wriggle off the hook. What it comes to all of these things that you're supposed to be paying. So that's why a lot of losers come to Florida. Worked for me. Here's Miami. Hello. Anya Good Morning. Yes, sir. A quick thing. We have some on you or uh, property of the church or whatever their name or brothers. Uh, my girlfriend Jeff Pauke with. Here we go. Here we go. Pauke which one has the Tony? Uh, don't know, but uh, last week in my girlfriend I went to Daedlan Mall and uh, basically we happened to walk by a ever-come-in threats and I said, hold on home because we're a listen to your program and there you are as soon as you walk in, they're right there. They, they post their blam sitting together and let me tell you, um, straight guy. I'm very comfortable with what I am. Very secure. And let me tell you they're very good looking guys. Yes, they are. If I were Doug Swallow, I would do it. And so we fall too. Oh, and she agreed. See you, Greed. They're a great one. I'm not a Swallow. I still would do them both. Yeah. So hopefully the same time. You have their good taste. Okay. Good bless you, sir. Yep. And we believe you. No problem. Okay. Bye. See you in the afternoon. Bring out any pictures. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Yeah. Always worry about those guys that always have to oh, yeah, see here's the picture. Here's my girlfriend. Here's my other four five other girlfriend. Here's my fiancee. Here's my, and it turns out he's a guy from my own family with 10 kids and got eight sisters. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Just remember one thing. Real men don't have to prove it to anybody. Just keep that in mind. Okay. They look at him here in the morning and they say now there's a real something. Here's Virginia Beach. Hello. Hey, I'm going. How you doing? Pretty good, sir. I have survived the gate ages weekend again. Although I ended up with a magic kingdom because it was absolutely filled with capacity by 11 a.m. Yeah, which is I guess record for Disney only beaten by 888, 6 and get days four. How do you like that? And the going was stop protesting. How do you like that? They came up. Probably they're setting up stands and filling the pink triangle. There's something. I saw them last year. It was a so much about this and they were lying this one of street as you were entering the park and they were holding up all their wonderful signs and and you were just screaming back up anyway. So it was funny because they actually had one of the largest courses and did the history. So they did the obviously never going to stop doing this. Of course not. Why should they stop doing it? It's good for business. Right. We went to our house. We see these good Christians are always threatening. They're going to boycott this place and are going to boycott Disney and are going to get Howard off the air and are going to get me off here in the meantime. Everybody all of the above are making more money than ever before. And it's just a handful of lunatics were farting in a windstorm. It's funny because I mentioned this to you before my mother and father were both heavily in the evangelical movement. In fact, I didn't really know the grand and it's funny because when my mother was young the only thing I know about my mother's youth was my grandfather once told me that she was a party girl. It's amazing wonder if she went guilty and flipped out and freaked out and that's going again. I don't know. But anyway I just brought a colon saying hello and it wasn't it was it was it was it's it's it's pretty shocking hearing from Doug Swallow wasn't it? Yeah, we were. You know my only grivel with part of it is you know these guys are running around and in fact I think I'm almost reading something for you and in what we take one call from Doug Swallow and the next call is the guy with a Jeff Poppill which poster. And all ties fits right in together. You only gripe I have is there's some of the some of the guys and some of those these over there were doing stuff out that you know was that really just good point and you I don't care anymore. I don't care anymore. I use a lot of the others here. I want to take my if I want to take is a game man. I want to take my net use. I don't want to have these our souls around you know making a couple of things. I think we're going to have a big big email. Yeah. Yeah. And anyway so uh oh and well like I'm a venture because everything just got a million glory holds in it. Okay thanks for the good news. Oh god 567 I understand that they cause uh loony tones was where what he would pick or come from I understand they borrowed them for the week 567 560 pound 560 on the 18 don't say loony tones because then Rose let it cardle get all upset again. Isn't this the week we're supposed to be uh learning about crazy people something like that? Huh? Yeah they had a big thing on a different gore I think. Yeah they want to big that and we're uh crazy people because she used to be and we're supposed to better. Oh she she's better how can we tell she stopped trying to get all the music out of the record. No she's taking her man. Oh and guess what they showed again by the way speaking of crazy people and reformadness and all these other and about the uh excuses that people make the skate goats in a society? I've seen it about 50 million times. But what's the series that they're doing on CNN which is very interesting by the way but who now can ever figure out what it's on perspective there's something where they're doing this whole rundown of the 20th century you know what I'm talking about? And so they showed again that they're in the 50s now and they showed the thing with Elvis and Mudrock and Roll and Hobbit and how they were breaking records that were taken actual physical records and smashing them and talking about this degeneracy and about the end of the world and that never stops everything bad that ever happened it's because of music and it got you son or he says well there's no question that this is a conspiracy to get to white man to uh adopt the taste of the nigger he actually used the uh inward as a matter of fact back then this is back in the 50s all I guess it was okay to say nigger in the 50s oh yeah how do you like that? So the same old song and here we are 40 some years later and they're still oh it's uh Marilyn Mansion and it's those video games and Bubba's up there how can I try to go to the same thing which you probably know that from the island tip or two? What now when how how do we make that slogan you know tip tip you can do in Tyler too I can see this forming on the tip of my tongue this slogan you know if you're both around you get tip or two something like that which is the sad part because that's a good guy but always is boring his dog crap but she she's a crazy bitch in fact she ought to be talking about minimal the most because she's an expert that would be like Ed Kaplan doing a show on compulsive gambling on sorry the uh suit intellectual ed Kaplan who's so much brighter than I am and so much more articulate is what it done said see I want I want to talk to the level of the average smuck out there okay GE up and by the way did we get a call from plantation yet oh somebody that listens and likes this show in plantation oh no 10 years I live in plantation every call every letter from plantation negative including that cheap a police that hates me like poison oh you know about him that mums are bastard yeah every time somebody's speeding in plantation it's my fault somehow I had some to do with it 26 past 11 560 WQM or two it can't keep the hacker in his hand does you have direction problems then you need BDIP that's the black man's diagnostic in the galactic penis instance to own on and own to the break of dawn and the beats don't stop debuff debuff debuff debuff debuff you don't stop yes BDIP the black man's instagram like the penis has to do sometimes you want to go long and strong and you want to get the friction oh listen up my brothers in this millennia service if you can't get your talent to a worker if you can't get your up jumps above you to book if you book it you bang bang go right now told 31100 my penis that's born 800 mwp you're in a jax and you're giving out a new need BDIP now call today I'll allow my later my style of neck roll just one goes out to all of the whole so what does that mean he's not there talk about him on the area might be listening oh Jeff come I look at uh he's not there don't want lunch maybe too long well if he doesn't call it next five minutes we're gonna get lunch from someplace else and then he won't get those great people and we always give Jeff coming to the pizza law we don't have time to patch you around here okay I mean uh you know he's supposed to be on call he's probably I'll get in late here's Miami hello hello yes sir are you doing this to the on yeah okay yeah so I didn't get a chance to watch the news is more in but I was listening to your show and you was talking about the lesions and the bag it's I would like to know why do you why or what are you doing at Disney World what are they doing they're having a good time just like everybody else no purpose for the purpose what are are they doing or are they what is they are relevant why they are they relative right yeah they're all related and they're all related they're all kind of got to miss Poffa yeah you know what my input on that what is that I don't I don't know no no thanks to the old friends that are factored in the legend but damn I could you feel comfortable with the same sex that you're stupid yeah not that I'm religious or whatever but they but are you okay you just don't get it doing that you don't get it you are all right thank you very much listen some of us don't get enough either okay he just don't get it because he'd be you know out of the loop so to speak he's out of the fruit loop he don't get it see I always look at this way who gives a crack five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teardust line and maybe he don't get it because maybe he'd be ugly you know that could be it here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah hello Neil yes sir I was up there this weekend with the kids in the while we're just overrun with Orlando stuff here today all the stuff I talked about for an hour and a quarter and all I want to talk about is banged they did the well yes sir well I've got to tell you we got up there on 13 didn't even know anything was happening until Saturday right and I wasn't even until Saturday night it was a great weekend ago all the rides empty you know it was great it was great for the kids and nobody cared I thought the rides were empty it well it wasn't long the the weights were short got to tell you it was a good weekend to go it just just ignore the rest you know it was it was good just want to let you know who really care thank you okay who gives a crap as long as everybody's having a good time everybody had a good time no signs no problems there was it was a great time lovely thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you so he had a good time no big deal no big song at a dance note no even protesting anymore see that's the way you do it in the beginning the glam career on and do a big song and then and then we'll find a bigger and better stuff but I want calling a board when I didn't want to take any calls when I was on that roller for an hour there were eight million calls on their on and often they wouldn't wait and now well it's Monday you know that's why we're on for an hour and a quarter because I had good stuff you guys you got nothing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line like I said you get off that plane and MIA and you walk through that jetway and oh all of a sudden the sick nauseous feeling over comes you and you say oh no this can't possibly be happening to me especially last night thank comes in a 10 30 from Toronto and you go from gate G 12 there which is where that the plane always takes off and leaves from the same gate and you have that long long walk past the past the kizolee's pizza stand that nobody is ever manning by the way which that's not to be a kizolee's pizza anyway that's the blows past the desolate everything has closed up now can you even begin to conjure up in your mind what's going on out there with that effort at that hour tonight at 10 30 11 o'clock in night can you even begin in your wildest dreams could even out goalstein begin to imagine what's going on at MIA in the wee hours of the morning 11 11 30 two in the morning I mean there everything is nailed shut the concession stand the magazine rack everything is closed up you only things that are open I guess are like the tea rooms here's sunrise hello hey yes sir are you done great yeah you need about a San Francisco I think they're going to open up the bad houses for the homeowner there for the homeowner oh yeah where you going you want to San Francisco I'm just telling you so you get the hell out of here you complain so much uh I'm not going I'm staying here just to keep you happy to listen to this anyway you'd be so I can't get far left wouldn't you admitted a friend of mine took his family of there is wife in his kids is there where uh this isn't any way to uh and mine to get on a ride yeah and you got on a ride and what was there it was two homeowner's going on yeah look like you enjoy it was me and jerks he's a club in home all he knows is he? wasn't human he's human he can't help it I think what about you are you in the closet you're coming out no you're stepping on two out no I think it's a natural stick that stick you're safe okay okay thank you up in other man's spectrum that it's oh that must have been the editor in new times yeah thanks very much for the great uh did just the excellent timing too by the way the good stereotypes it's good although I'll be honest with you after I hear all this anal stuff that I hear from all these straight guys it's all they want is back to me that's it that's all they want is that big brown eye remember even Van Morrison had remember that brown eye girl you know what that song was about now back in those days we were naive now we know what was all about it's a big brown eye I'm not going to waste my time with a more that we did what we did a 700 parts series on that and all these head of a sexual guys that want to do their girlfriends their wives or both in the vacuum and it just grossed my S.O. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in-port waterdale hello and Neil God yes sir speaking uh that is a little dead-sville baby dead fill this town is so freaking dead man it's a good thing I killed that hour and a quarter got only knows what I'm going to do that guess go ahead you're not lying my girlfriend and I were up in Disney World this week as well and I'll tell you what I'll take I'll take 100,000 sages and lesbians uh over a 100,000 snowy germ in any day of the week right and that's that's my input for you're giving you warning when crowd days come and by the way that's I think in the middle of July all right okay and when spoke they come and two by the way oh look out you get spoke down those rides wait because we already had a couple of dark and plugged listeners who are just upset you know what I'm saying about black people are obsessed with homosexuality they're just uh oh god huh they never got over a little Richard I think that was the hard tough cross with them to bear they couldn't bear it drugs and rock and roll mate him get them is that what it was that's what he said until he found the Lord 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T wildest line now we want your calls now we're trying to build a little moment to me run a phone and they got anything oh all they got is a bunch of fags roughing Orlando well good for them is what I say oh the fags okay we're coming out and if you don't like it's blown out your ass okay like Sally would say all right because you seem to be obsessed with that anyway obsessed with that evil disease breeding brown eye I mean you talk about calling the the podcast the kettle puze man oh from there where where you go to my home every time you ask to use the phone and listen to you get that backed big We're here to deliver all the tanks in the air. What you're called for a courtesy of the twins. Yet it's full of fun when it comes to the Mississippi. You're not buried, you're dying on the sea. You should give up the far, the far, the far, the far, the far, the far, the far, the far, the far. There's not a community ever this time. I'm sorry, 16 till noon at 5.50, WQM. Now watch the start. We talked to our good close personal friend Brad and get lunch today because like I was just telling our protege here, that's what it's all about. Three lunch, three food. That's what being an interradio business is all about. If you can't get paid a lot, at least eat a lot of free food. 5.60, 50.50, 50.50, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? Great. Good, listen, I got a problem. I want to complain about gaiters and all the less. It's so ugly, man. What's going on over there? Yeah, you're right. The dikes are pretty ugly, man. Yeah, yeah, so ugly, the horrendous what's going on with that. Yeah, I never thought about that. I don't pay too much attention to it. Really? I don't pay attention. I'm not thinking to trust your average. Yeah, I mean, what the hell is this? I mean, I'm going to try to bless you and for my amin. I was about to say, you know, get a date of day. You know, maybe get lucky and subscribe. Drop drive is all over the place. Oh, God, diesel bikes. Diesel bikes, thank you. Okay, I think if you check out the LPGH tournament next weekend, I think you might get a bit better. I think so. I thought a whole and one. Okay, so we'd all good luck. Uh-huh, 5.670560. We got two calls on the board. It's a deadly Monday. Like I said, thank God. Thank God for that hour and a quarter monologue. Well, I haven't done that in a long time. I'm going to start doing that every Monday. I'll come in with four hours with a crap. I even got to the guy with the French fries in the mayonnaise yet. The article from Montreal at somebody's back, I'll get to that, obviously. Here is my amin. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, hi, Neil. Yeah, I'd like to complain about this idiot, Bill Clement. Uh, yesterday they had to, they were showing on the classic sports show with Stanley Kapaki games. And they were showing the Pittsburgh Chicago game for 92, right? Which by the way, has she played with a glove or? Right. Which was really interesting. It was obviously game with British Chicago Stadium. And at least 10 times, he would say, well, let's go back to the Higlu now, where Chicago is playing Pittsburgh. I mean, it was just unbelievable. Yeah. He was sitting there with that goofball Brian Englum. Oh, another figure. Yeah. Another idiot. And you know, last week, I know that, you know, you think that the stars are, it's like boring watching them. They are. It didn't end. It's true because they just played great game. And I didn't see that landscape, but boy, I guess I looked out. I was on a plane Friday and that's what I didn't see it. Man, I read all about that. And actually in the Toronto papers, they just carved them both on that. I will say that that Madonna, open people, hockey. Yeah. Both ways, too. I mean, all of a sudden, both ways. Yeah. I heard. So you're going to loop for Buffalo or? I know something. I'm very anxious for them to get it over with it. As far as I'm concerned, it's all over. Get it over with. I can't loop for Buffalo. You know, it's funny because Buffalo is my fourth favorite team. You know, the least the Panthers, the Penguins. And then Buffalo, I got to like Buffalo because I enjoy a brick general red. Because they got an ice team, you know, a lot of X Panthers on there. But this Hoshik, man, would have acting routine in his, that he didn't leave series. I know some people think it's our grapes, but his overracking. I mean, it's got you to be doing 20 years for overracking. I can't stand it. A time game, I guess, with 10 feet of him. He's throwing his gloves up in the air and he's falling down. You know, I, you know, guy, that's got his talent. Doesn't need to do that crap. That's true. Well, like it's go stars. I say, you're getting it over with force. Force three. Good luck. I'm off the guy, damn I get him out of here. One call off the board. Boys, a good thing I got that music. You know, yeah, it's a good thing I got that ready to go because it's going to be a long 2 hours and 12 minutes. Greg Reed got a good haircut today by the way. And his wife says she doesn't like poison. You see, people don't understand. This is a radio show. A summer spit called here one day last week starts a song in a dance about Greg likes you, but his wife hates you. And so I, you know, run with it a little bit. I don't understand. You get a little mileage out of it. And right away, she's nervous and paranoid. I know she doesn't hate me. Why should she hate me? Just because I said her husband doesn't know crap and is a good guy. But, you know, he has a good guy. He just doesn't know anything about this business. We all know that. And just because I want you to work with Chris with him anymore. I don't know. I'm just funny about that. I'll buy my own meals at Ruth's Chris. You know what I'm saying? If I don't want him to, does that make me a bad guy? No. See? 560, 50560, 1050, on the AT&T world of slime. I'm not going to say anything to get a bunch of calls on her. I'm not. I got 200 now which I could take right now. But I had, we had a lot of momentum building that a full what I didn't want it to be. I didn't want them to be calling. In other words, I hadn't given the number up. I hadn't given the signal. And do we have one? See what I tell you about plantation was I right? I was I right. I don't have one person in plantation. How many people in plantation? Two 300,000 at least. Pretty big city. I think next to Fort Laterdale Plantations probably the one. Biggest city in the Broward. Hollywood maybe, maybe Hollywood's number two. Which is bigger. Hollywood or plants? Well, at least the people in plantation most of us are still alive. Hollywood's got a lot, you know, numbers but most of them are dead. Sorry, ma. I mean, you know, dead people in Hollywood. And are all those people in plantation is there one that likes this show? No. That will take the time to call and say, you're wrong. GEF and Tom Jick is thinking the Sun Sentinel yesterday doesn't represent plant. I think he does. I think the chief over there has got him all brainwashed. I think he's made it illegal to listen to the new around your show in plantation. Is what I think. Look at that. Nothing. Is that it? Is that a plantation call? I'm waiting. Well, that's from candle. That's not even close. Mobile in in. I'm waiting. I'm launching the screen here to see where this is going to be. This is this is a shocker to me. I don't have to move, you know. I don't have to get him out moving. I'm over to a place where they like me like sunrise. Not that far. It's not a long move. And I can tell you one thing in sunrise. They're hell of a lot more lenient like I'm satellite. This isn't stuff like that. They don't ruin your life like they do in plantation with all those codes and all those other. Oh, mobile and plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm calling. I am now in plantation. Yeah, I live in a plantation. So you do live in plantation. Yes. And I live in a plantation. You're all day, every day. And yes, I like your show. And I did see the article. I was going to call you this morning. But now I had a call. Right. And I agree with the article that, yeah, you're a guide of listen to. You're a Tom Jicker. Yeah. Well, frankly disagree with the person who wrote the. He, yes. It's finally the power. Talk to him. I'm going to get that name from Tom Jicker. And we're going to go hunt and down at their house in the grill and for about two three hours. Talk about plantation. I got to ask you something. Did you see that the city of plantation is holding the four such a live parties and Parades on July 3rd because July 4th is a Sunday. No. They're doing the parade on Saturday morning and the fireworks on Saturday night because the city of plantations doesn't do anything on Sundays. Really? Is that amazing? Why is that? Because they've all got amazing. It's a non-Jewish religious day, you know? Everybody else doesn't matter. The guy in the matter, they're at it. Oh, yeah. Well, the Goi and run plantation, you know that. Well, if you don't do the old man got out of there, that it was going to change a little bit. But you know if you can plantations because you and I are the only Jews in plantation. Don't you know that? I don't know about that. There seems to be an awful lot. Yeah. But, and let's see my old neighbor. Let's see. The Tesla is there. I'm going to tell you, sir. I'm going to tell you right now. Next, pay so we're closing the city down. We're going to have a guy then parade all over plantation. There you go. Right in front of the hall. Exactly. This for equal time. Okay. Got to ask you until the chief is a piece of crap. By the way, the plantation chief. He's going to condition us to drive and save. Yeah. Condition this. Okay. You jack. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Got to ask you until the chief is a piece of crap. By the way, the plantation chief. He's going to condition us to drive and save. Yes. What is their name? The Dennis. I can't think of that. That's embarrassing. So there's a call from plantation. Nice. Go on, sir. I believe you'll be a little bit better. See if we had any audience in plantation. He's going to be wherever you're lying. What a little bit up. You know. One. There was one. And that was it. And he. Oh, it's Jewish. I want to hear from a guy in plantation. That's what I want to hear from a Gentile. A nun Jew. Now, this is really pushing it. Okay. I'll get it. QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Mr. from plantation. Are you a Gentile? Actually, I'm a reformed Jew. Oh, well. Oh, no. It's a concept of things. That's close. Now we're getting close. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. Okay. There's one. Why are they slowing plantation? They are so slow. These lines should be smoking, smootering. I think the ratings were right. I think we're FOMB. Whatever that means. I think we're out of business. WQAM. That was a line checker. WQAM. Hi. I'm a go-in plantation. All right. Are you sure? I'm positive. Did you check? I'm not in plantation right now. But that's where I live. But you live in plantation. Yeah, sir. And you listen to this show. Whenever I'm working, yep. God bless you, sir. Thank you so much. Anything else I can do for you? I can do for you. I think that'll do it. All right, sir. And maybe a couple of donuts to go. Have a great day. YouTube. Okay. There you go. See how simple that was? I don't know. You know what? It took me 20 minutes to do that. That goes to show you the power of this radio station. Power of this show that we used to have. Thank God for our buddy Brad over at Tony's. That we're at least getting one last three lunch today. Thank God for that. And by the way, you're welcome, Kimba. Just giving him a welcome for that free lunch. You got from our good friend to the sub center for a good buddy. Over there. Chuck. Any excuse I got to give Chuck a plug in the sub center. I always give him because he's been great to us. Right. The whole station here at the, you know, what do you, GBS, whatever this is? Well, see, I saw Greg in here this morning. It confused. Because he's always got that confused look on his face. Got like one thing when there's no one in his back. Don't know. Like, you know, it's fact every time I see Greg, I think. Yeah. That's immediately what comes about. Good guy. But. Yeah. I mean, if you worked up Greg reading the dictionary, you would see. Yeah. Right next to it. Good guy. But a little, I don't know what the word is. I'll think of it. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Okay. First of all, I want to start off by saying I'm a very big fan of you. Listen to you every day and half a year. Great. God bless you, sir. Yes. I just have one issue to bring up with me. Okay. I'm asking that my girlfriend asked me this week and I said, you know what? I got asked. Okay. I think you have everybody do and I'd be honest with you. I agree with you. I got a lot of your issues. I'm a lot of you answer legend. I've just again people using it as a weapon. You can believe either. I've done people. Right. Don't shut it down. People's throws are no serious. Okay. Then why should homo sexuality be shut down people's throw. So to speak. Who's shoving it down your throat? Well, let's say gay they why why should people that are straight. I want to take their children to Disneyworld. Yeah. You subjected to having homo sexuality shut down. Well, who's shoving it down there throw to they physically shoving it down or throw like it kill boss on me. What what does that mean? Well, what I'm saying is because it's a bunch of things. Well, it's someone comes from Boston. Yeah, and brings their fans. I don't know. There's no facts in Boston. Sir, believe me. I lived there for years. I think I did that. There's no facts in Boston. Oh, yeah, right. That's why they had to close down the combat zone. It was just a little bit out of hand. So to speak. And my second question, whether would this jump off with that? But that's what she said to me. And I didn't have an answer. But you said let's jump off of that, okay. Okay. Yeah. I sort of speak. I caused you when I got back from Vegas because you wanted to know about the news. And I ran and I went ahead and I called you real quick. And I thought that I walked in, but the pool wasn't ready enough. Did you get a chance to see it? I just drove by, but I didn't get chance to go in. Did you see Bilazio? I've already been in there. I was there while you didn't know. What did you think? I thought it was, you know, it was a little too cold. I don't, yeah. I didn't have any personality that's all. I mean, it's pretty. But like I said, when I was there, you could you stand in the middle of that place and you look around and it was generic. I mean, you know, I guess when you go back into paintings, if you're into the art and all of that stuff. But if you're in the middle of a casino, you look around. It could be any place. You know, just there are too many places there like the same now. I hear, yeah. You know, I read a story something about that Donald Trump was trying to block the guy that build the Bilazio to build the place in Atlantic City. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was in a computer game. It's just hotels. You win. Yeah. Yeah. All right. You mean, you know, don't you wish you had their problems, huh? Yeah. I know. Donald Trump is best. I mean, the guy's, I talk about an eagle. I mean, Jesus is guy, you know, he's show him landing at the race track at the moment this weekend. You know, he landed in his helicopter or Donald Trump has arrived like now the race can begin. You know, you know, you have a smell right over the TV. Okay. How old are you? Can I call somebody a douche pack please? Go ahead. Mario, two odd, getting to the spec. Okay. You almost like I said, it's 1157 to 560 W to Q.A.M. Or is the air working in here or what? Or is that like bugs in my head? It's not working. I feel like my hair is warm this morning, which, uh, I know. It's during warm up again. It's not working too. But I should have told Greg that when he was in here. As soon as he came in here and I said, the air in working to get he went, if you want to take control of your future, why don't you get out of that job on a road to nowhere and train yourself for a career or real one? I'm not going to get out of the way. I'm not going to get out of the way. I'm not going to get out of the way. I'm not going to get out of the way. I'm not going to get out of the way. What would it do if I had normal bugs with the two of us on out and find my CD? Who you get wrong when I greet out of fun to cut out my sight thing? I keep keep keep keep on my head by within plants in my grass. Oh, I can't die with him plants in my grass. Oh, I don't have to try with him plants in my grass. And you know this shot for me, but I only had to pull my panties down. Oh, there's a tree in your body. You got an outcome as can where I could find now. I'm not going to tell you this. I have to stop at the middle. I can't let it finish because I'm so distraught or what you just told me. You know, it's not bad enough. I guess when you're in arrogant prick, I guess when you're in arrogant prick like Sam who's, you know, got the naked pictures of the boss and can basically do whatever you want. You can walk around with that kind of a goddamn attitude. That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life. That's the worst. If they were dropping nuclear weapons on Syracuse right now, it wouldn't be as bad as what you just told me. We order lunch from our good friend Brad over at Tony's, okay? Because Jeff Cohen is out getting laid somewhere, pizza lofts off the list today, okay? And Chuck was just here on Friday, which we don't want to overdo it with him, because he helped out Kimba Boe Kamper on the Saturday and, you know, the whole deal has been great to us. So that's not overdo it. Don't push a good thing too far. We get our friend, the Brad over at Tony's, it's sent us a nice lunch today, okay? Peaches and whatever else we want, they got great subs and soup. It's a good place. I just ordered a bunch of pizza. Yeah, enough for everybody. So Sam, sticks is nose in here. Sam, the award winner of the What did I do for this paycheck contest? Any payday you're picked by the way, he's still a winner. Any sticks is heading the door here? I thought he would head something like about promotions going on. I thought maybe he was doing some work. He said those lovely blue and yellow bumper stickers by the way. That's suck. Any answer to our Joe, what do you guys got anything coming for lunch? He was hoping for Chuck's. Here's one for you. Okay, Chuck, all over your desk, all over your puky body, okay? Mr. Hotchat and by the way, if in Rickay's listening, don't tell us guy anything, okay? Because he's just a storyteller. Loostlips, thingships, just keep that in mind, and Rickay. This guy, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, you know, try to impress everybody. I suppose I shouldn't say that the nephew is also right on in there. Yes, you should. You should, okay? They're both in their suck in it, okay? And so George tells him we got all these pizzas coming from Tonies enough for everybody. Oh, first he, the straw that it's not from Chuck's, that's number one. And number two, where are you getting it from? How about if we haven't, like, tested and certified as a door before we bring it to see if it's up to your standards, Mr. How's that? Huh? T, see if it's up to your highfalutin standards. Maybe, maybe the boss can take those to the Roots Chris, okay, for a free meal. Although I hope at least, maybe the nephew might bathe and clean up his act a little bit before they would let him in there. So to make a long story short, what we got coming today, he turns his nose up at it. Like, eh, it ain't up to their exacting standards. Well, you know what, that's good for us because that means more for us and less for you. You know what I'm saying, Sam, you piece of crap. Go back to Venezuela and by the way, the guys on a plane say you're full of crap and they hate you like poison. The guys that got hassled by the authorities down there, they say you're full of crap. And just because you kept throwing around in Reke's name down there and Ricky Martin or whatever is your faggy friend and Ricky Martin. Who's still looking a lot pingo look. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me ask you this. Are we ever given lunch to him again those two in there? Are they ever getting lunch again for my sake? No. No. What? What? What? I wouldn't be surprised that they're sucking our free water, too, from the Coligan man, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, that wouldn't shock me either. Free loading, doing nothings. How about going out there and doing an in a van again and doing another one of those great hit nearly hit whatever they call that? Yeah. We're the given away crap that nobody wants so they can please them, you know, make up for promises that made the people that they have nobody's this promising. Chris Reed has stomach problems. That's why he's got stomach problems. I got stomach problems. The thing about this story. Okay. I mean, you talk about football man. What are you got coming for lunch today? Is it free and where is it from and is it up to our standard? Wait, does he have a lot of cuts by God? Man, arrogant prick. Okay. That's you, Sam. arrogant obnoxious prick. One of the untouchables of course. See, one thing about the untouchables. Who we got? And I'm a Gary Sarner. I'm going to leave out because actually Gary is not all that bad. Once you get to understand him, he can't help himself. He's a loser. But he's okay. But you got Sam and the nephew and screw in there. Okay. The untouchable. Oh, yeah. I know you got something in your stomach. Okay. That's what happens when you keep bending down on a floor and Sam keeps to sneak it up behind you. You might have put something in your stomach. A miracle, a modern science we got here. That's right. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. What is it? Oh, there he is. I can barely hear this guy. Maybe because I got this fan turn up so loud. Can you hear me now? Yeah, here you go. Hey, I'm calling you a while. But I want to ask you a question. I don't like to show out workly gay and everything. I'm outwardly gay. No, no. No. Your gay, you don't make any of you much any words about this. It was leaders. I don't mean snorkeling. It load with your gay. But when you're like out like in your social life, there's like just a celebrity status. Does it get you like laid more? Oh, yeah. I can almost sexual like, oh, yeah. I mean, it's at work like the heterosexual world. You're sure. I got guys right now. Just the laughing in my feet. Just waiting for me to go here. No, no. No. Not at all. No. Come on. No. No. I can't believe that. Well, okay. Then yes, it's like I've just got, I just got done twice in last 15 minutes while I'm sitting here during the commercial breaks. You feel better now? Very good. All these people that are so worried about everybody else's knob, man. It's just it's unbelievable. It's incredible. Also worried about our, you get in this. And the only people who are worried about stuff like that are guys who aren't getting any of themselves. I've always said that and you know something. Absolutely correct. I don't question about it. I don't give a crap how much you're actually anybody else is getting. Couldn't care less. 560560, pound 560, unimobile one line. First pot you have to go. It's great. Sorry, they're not getting your good luck. And they stand by the way. Shit, yeah. What about your hand? It was on the back end of this video. They curse my name. Yeah. If I farted in heaven. Would I stand this thing? If I farted in heaven. Listen to what your panaaaa not asked. I've got the kick nationwide. The head? This guy, he's not a woman. Or maybe that's the same? Maybe it's doesn't have self. Why will I mind noritos compiling? I guess I may not understand. You can die. Music Just get back to the same thing What? Doesn't linger in heaven? Yes. And you be safe To pull my finger in heaven I'm the only thing When the fat lady sings Because I'll be the warm new brain Cheers to heaven Tell me time, no, I'll be warm Oh! Perfectly in the 560 WQM Just amazing to me how obsessed and preoccupied the audiences With the homosexuality Like a bulletin, just a landed on a planet Like something new and they don't understand it They don't get it And am I getting a lot? Am I doing this one? And on... I mean, just tragic Said nice going dog swallow I'll just keep it up Drive all those other assholes right out of there We'll just take the whole place over As if we already haven't Hey, somebody they may actually have to hire a straight guy Up in that Disney, you know? Hello, I doubt it, not too soon 560, 50560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's Sunny Isles, hello There's no fags that he were old Yeah Okay, great Mobile and tempered pine, hello Yeah, how are you doing now? I was going to go up to Disney World with my family But you know, I've got two boys, one-fourteen and one-sixteen And I know how the homosexuals vector over a young boys Oh yeah And I raised the delivery religious And I don't think, you know, hobnob and put your home as sex wolves Yeah, like your priest right, like the family priest It's true So that's one of the reasons we didn't go up there Yeah, good, they don't want no straight assholes like you up there anyway No, I don't want to hang around with a bunch of fags like you up there either Right You know? Good I'm glad you know your place, good, stay there 560, 560, 560, 560, on a mobile one line Probably a pedophile, sounds like it to me Here's a mobile implantation, hello Hey, the L, I can't believe these people today But there are a few Gentiles up there in plantation I'm a 50 A lot of Gentiles in plantation Yeah, I'm going to be going Yeah, I'm a 50-two-year-old even circumcised Gentile implantation Yeah, I'm from Western Kentucky All right How about that? Anyway, I just want to call in and let you know There are a few of us up here Okay, great, have a great whatever it is It's fine Okay, too Okay, there you go, a guy from plantation Let's hear it 560, 560, pound 560, on the mobile one line Faggot, Faggot, Faggot, Faggot I mean, talk about a one-pony time And as soon as they heard that the fags were having a good time of a Disney World And nobody was having a never-spraked on And even the guy more protesting anymore All of a sudden destroyed their whole week Not just their day, it ruined their whole week And then when Doug Swallow called in That was just pushed them over the edge That was a little more than they could handle If you pardon that expression When they heard Doug Swallow Like that Yeah 560, 50560, pound 560, on the mobile one line What about all this other stuff? Does anybody care about that dumb amount? No, does anybody care about that stuff? No, that stuff And about how God see there you go again with that God stuff If God would have wanted us to win today How can people say these things? Just like that girl last week And at business about she took a bullet for Jesus I mean, the stuff that people say Because they're conditioned like I said Like I hit it right on the goddamn head A week ago Friday right here on a show I hit it right on the head What's in the brains of most people in this country Somebody else put it there Not something that they come to They conclusion of because they give some careful thought And investigation and study for like five seconds or longer Because somebody else told him so So, okay, whatever you say She took a bullet for Jesus And if God would have wanted us to win the race We would have won the race Because God likes the favors There's some crap like that Maybe he was betting Keynland at the time We didn't have his eye on Belmont Maybe that was the problem Maybe God took a harness racing instead Because God we need a prayer Here's a book Hello Hey Neil, it's a veggie from Boca Oh God Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, six, six, six, five Are we desperate today or what? I'll talk about scraping the bottle of the bottle of your thing Vegee from Boca, am I going to talk to him? No way No way, who's saying if I had no calls The whole four hours I would sit here before I would talk to Vegee I would talk to Andy from Hollywood Before I'd talk to Vegee from Boca And I'd rather be dead before I'd talk to Andy from Hollywood Here's a mobile and pepper prime, hello Hello Neil Yes sir How you doing sir? Great Hey when ABC asked Humper is fixed for the Belmont Didn't you not skirt the issue? No, he did not, he picked charismatic Are you really? I thought he was kind of like plain it off You know, because he was so close on his other two picks Yeah Let me ask you, do you pick Lemon Drop Kid? Hey, actually I added a dry back to what I didn't have the right thing I like Scotty's show up And Jose Fantas is a real good judge Yeah, right, that's so easy to say Now you know, Cantis almost a good doctor Jockey through his horse wasn't anywhere Very Bailey's a good horse too And she's a pukeener guts out the village Yeah, that's Billy, we're on out too fast Yeah, I know Yeah, that was a good race With Chris Anthony, who was really rewarding I mean people really said that the one who had a good race I thought it was a terrible race And I think what it shows that people don't want to talk about Is how mediocre the Acropolis 3 year olds were this year They were all crats Well, that's what everybody's saying But it was five wide coming down the stretch And I didn't know who had it and after the fact You know, that was it Yeah, can I call for me a douche bag I don't know John Roberts and any Elvis impersonators They're bunch of douche bags Okay, take it easy Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line So our lunch is not to the standards for Sam today So Sam's walking around it with his nose up in the air Mr. Pampered sport like some kind of a rotten Brad kid Sam Like I said who along with about a half of those Now that people in this building got naked pictures of the boss I shouldn't have said that right at lunchtime Here's the geobals, hello What's up Neil? Yes sir Are you great Just the employee on vacation in the geobals Uh-huh And I'll tell you something that wasn't for those pillowbiders out there No one would be spending money That's right And I want to give a shout out to Wayne Lucas for breaking down another horse Hey, he's just he's an expert at it Nobody can break him down like Wayne Nobody can my friend Yeah Put it down on paper and take a look at who's done it he's done it the horse But just keep wanting in mind if the Lord would have wanted the horse not to break down he wouldn't have broke down And uh, all right my man Okay, like they say to track watch your backside Okay Yeah, we heard from Doug Swallow today and boy the head of our sexual's are rattling their spirits They're rattling their cages, they're looking at their ladies Right, I mean they're just a psychotic now They're getting all whipped up about the big brown eye What's about time you stopped spreading that propaganda? That's nothing but a breeder of disease Okay, why do you think that everything from that part of the body is outgoing? You understand? Outgoing? Not in going? Outgoing? Okay, just keep that in mind just keep in mind it all fact like me told you that I take all the crap for that and the meantime, surrounded by a bunch of brown eyes Different head of our sexual's here All they know about I said sniffers, I didn't even say the right the worst part Okay, I didn't even get the my liction on the other part of it It's like a penny Yeah, uh-huh And smells like crap 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's for a waterdale, hello Hi, God. Yes sir, speaking Are you going to let your girlfriend pack you with the step on? Yes Really? Uh-huh Well Okay, welcome to the club See it did me tomorrow See it's crushed See it fantasy land I mean what kind of a suffering-speciting guy? Let's a girl strap on on, huh? Especially a big black one like that when we got up there and that one keeps moving around two by the way All by itself It's very popular Yeah, it's getting a lot of action around here We heard that Joe Costello was uh, using it this morning I don't want to say how or where, but course he's Italian 560, 50560, which is right next to Greece And pound 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Yeah Yes sir What's that hell happened to me? What happened to one? Anaphe Met anaphe Yeah And he was a little running And you know something packed day at your good point What happened to a packed day? Of course he's got the direct bat line to God He couldn't win any of the three races Most of that called a wrong number 560, 50560 was a crappy race And all these people are trying to make it interesting Was nothing interesting about it It was tragedy And of course Hank was there And he was on until a cast I'm sure he'll be interested in the audience And to a clock from the shoulders I'm sure he'll be there And the Corey Savings starts today Right? And for Myers? Corey's first day today on Channel 4, 4 Myers And of course we know what time But of course we don't Doing the news over there And singles in the real world of what's really going on And as opposed to this sports fantasy That this station is obsessed with Like some kind of a neurotic illness Here's a mobile in Carl Springs Hello Hey Neil Yes sir Yeah, why don't you do a like veggie from Boca Meaning what? Are you his agent? No A discreased why don't you like He just chronic he was a chronic for about 100 years And we finally got rid of him And I want to make it come back Oh really? Cause that he's been a long time-lister Are you really like him? We like him as a listener We just don't like him as a collar But talk to him he's very very very Talk to him are you are you his agent? Are you his boyfriend? Yes a wife you know? Yeah I know he's So what's going on with you? No him, huh? I don't know why Yeah I know very well Yeah, well give my message for me Okay Tom do buzz off Is this incredible? We have collars who have agents Collars who have friends representing them Calling us begging us to talk to them Are we going to talk to them? No no Well she's not about the best veggie with your fruit stand Or whatever you got going you and your lovely wife If you have a wife you know We still don't care okay we don't want to talk to you 56050560 pound 560 on the mobile one line Let's do something citrating like man Did you know I love man? Did you ever have to tell you that? And he actually even made it coming about Tommy Brady Being hung like a moose or something on Friday That was going out the door for my benefits But to show you how desperate things are Mad dog there's a thing there which I got a facts about this morning For once the chronic facts are right Four hours on people that you've got an autograph Stormer got the shine on autographs At least I mean you, is that desperate? Is that, uh huh? Is that telling how desperate this audience is from material? Is that the kind of thing we have to resort to All the way did say teach several times That was good I enjoyed that How come, how come he can say it the way he says And I got to say teach what is that all about? Huh? I think it must be something in the FCC must be anti-Somantic Uh huh that must be it 26 past noon is 560 WQAM Oh god Neil You, I'm King and I record He's that next can you well from that taco bell commercial Singing like you've never heard him before Which of course you haven't heard him sing like this before Because this is the first time he's ever sung Today's hot hit Licking my butt and taking a nap Oh, this is the thing The Taco Bell dog sings today's hot hit Can you all the big hit you love Suck by a little dog you can put up with most of the time I like the bark So here I go again I'm going to the bark and send a neighbor's call I like to bark So here I go again I'm gonna try to hot stay well That little Taco Bell dog has many wounds And you'll hear him express them all right here Walking time Starts about the time That my bladder can't hold me anymore Well, we gotta be walking time To better find the leash before I cut those Right on your floor Oh, I just hold myself Don't hold it long That's it My ears are so strong You're just a bit of a beat But Taco Bell dog sings today he's hot hit It's guaranteed to be hotter than that last big beat For real, you ordered it to dry through Okay, it's 1231 at 560 WCM Sam is on our list by the way he's out You know, it comes to future meals I want to make sure I don't want anybody This building will allow him to have like even a crumb Anything The next few he's okay We don't we don't dislike the next few he's already He can't help himself He just smells bad But Sam that's another story This is a man he just drove a bagger through his own heart today He there was an act of self-immolation I'm telling him W2QAM Hello Yes sir Can I say something to Neil George is busy sticking pins into our Sam douche bag go booted off go ahead sir Speaking Hi, hey, don't yell great Hey, I just want to make a comment I've never heard such a stupid question Is that guy before asking if my girlfriend sticks a A dough though up my hand Yeah Yeah, am I gay? Come on, but you're right on the verge You might as well be doing predorique down at your local hair salon He's over the edge You know, I mean that's a stupid question And as far as the question The best part of it is his girlfriend's name is Harry Yeah, I bet I bet it is And then the best thing is just you know getting on with all this God stuff to go on You know what a real disgrace is to me What is that? Is watching all of these football players after they scored touchdown And down on one knee made it in the father's son Holy Spirit Right, you know, and they're out blowing at four or five grams up There knows four hours later I think it's just a disgrace God only knows what they're blowing You know, okay God bless you for having a great day Yeah, he's right, and all these, you know, like I've always told you The more religious they claim to be the Reggie White to the world All these professional bigots Oh, yeah, the Lord told me this and Lord told me that Lord told me to retire Well, I guess maybe one more year because I've been eating the money But the Lord, yeah Just cut the crap already, okay Just if you want to get on your knees do some praying Okay instead of whatever else you're doing cut the crap You're not fooling anybody There's like a like a past I'm like we have a whole segment of this society a professional goody goody I'll only do a spent all their time telling us how wonderful they are And how all the rest of us are going to burn in hell God, it's going to be so busy down there Man It's going to be crowded as hell 560 maybe that's where the expression came from you I think that might be it 560, 560 is we continue searching for the caller today That's got the relancer of the musical question One of these people going to grow up. Do you think they're ever going to grow up? No, no And you want to know why they're not going to grow up because that's not the American effin way man Just being juvenile and living in the stone age and acting like What's that all about? That's American way Especially all you darkies out there. What is it with you guys? What is it? You embarrassed the fact that you got all these fags in the NFL that we all know about them Like they're one year that the redskins had more fags in the team than they had And that's when they were good to by the way That's what certain core backs you need to tell you one have a good team You got to have enough those pickle puffers on here That's what they said Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello Lady in Bokeh Oh hi Yes man I'm the daughter of your Dutch admirer Yes And I was waiting with the chief fondue for you when you were an Amsterdam But you never came by Oh okay sorry about that Did you find some nice restaurants? No I'm the midst I gave you No, I will check it out this year Oh we're going back soon Okay, will you be there in August? Uh, the end yeah Okay, because at the beginning we have a day parade the first week in August I don't want to be there for that now There's enough gay people there on any ordinary day with not going for the parade Okay I was there on Queen's day this, you know, in April I was just I would never do it again Just too many people Yeah, but it's fun A lot of nice people there A lot of one There's a lot of nice people I think there's a lot of white people Yeah, there's a lot of white people Yeah, there's a lot of white people And nice And nice, yeah A lot of nice white people Well, have fun you go next time Okay, thank you Bye Knockabout There's nothing like Amsterdam baby That's where you have a good time And like I said, there are a lot of nice white people Five sig just like going to the MGM grand A lot of nice white people And then of course my god would have changed there From the form of a river is that we'd ever decide about that Pakistanis Indians, what do we call them? Easterners, barbarians Now there are actually very nice people Those people from Pakistan They drive a hell of a camp too Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one On our pool question today is whether if you get in the cab at the airport Would you rather have the driver be a Pakistani or a Haitian? Here's plantation, rhymes with Haitian, hello Any other idea? Pretty good sir? Terrific Anyway, I wanted to find out why And I thought I should put this You know, I can't understand only these homophobic bastards out here Yeah I mean, it's a pain in the air I mean, I'm straight enough to roll with people who are gay or lesbian I never have problem with it at all Yeah You know what I looked at in the eights? You know, we all got one It gives a crap Why are these people so obsessed? I just mentioned the thing it did the world I went to call from that dog swallow guy Which I do find that to be a peculiar name But nevertheless, I mean, I see it after why do you lose your patience I can't wait I'm not going to wait the rest of my life for these people to get with it You know, to get with the 20th century Because it's almost over with, you know I know what you mean there now In fact, one of those colonists Like, colon, human about half hour ago I was looking for a peace center Like a real homophobic bastard to me Yeah Probably just got out of church Yeah, sounds like a real prick Probably just got off his knees Okay, so you're having a great day Okay So he sounded like a real prick By the way, this fan Thanks again to Maddie Bell and John Girer It's because this fan works really great But Bluff of course See Bluff is not an exit part of me He's not really too technical oriented So we didn't realize it's got like various speeds So when he brought it in here last week When the air was out Thursday, whatever they know The air was just pitching from that fan But now that you like crank it up like on If you put it on a high setting, it really blows in here, man Doug Swallow might just lose it He might lose control if he were in here Without thing on high setting Man, you talk about heavy blowing But I got to like on the second time And it makes a little less squeaky noise back there But who cares? You can't hear it, can't hear it No And it is blowing some heavy duty Wonderful air in here, thank God Oh, those guys Because they're air conditioning system sucks The contractors that built this crap up here on the third floor I'm going to tell you if there is a God He's going to make sure that you guys rotten hill, okay? You're going to be there a long, long time Burning and hill paying for the job that you did up here Because it sucks Heavy duty, unadulterated pure 100% That is what it is And that guy that wrote the article Let the letter to Tom Jick, I think you got a point Okay, I think you'd be having a point The grammar sucks on a show It's crude, it's rude And too bad, too bad for you, okay? And thanks for listening to 560 QA in by the way Because I know you're listening right now Probably squeezing it Slawingings will never be his day Starting this Monday It's those few wacky guys in the morning Rod and Rod From 6 to 10 a.m. Monday through Friday Only on 560 W.Q.A.L. You're going to end our race To start done today Have yourself from down the prison fun Well, your friends away We'll back you all We'll back you all We'll back you all We'll back you all We'll back you all When you think you're all We'll benefit you're getting Life will be sweeter When you touch your heater Carry your life Since to be deadly Come on and go And you'll be proud to say You're a federal attorney To be alive today It's the American way To be a member of the MRA In order to check As always, in order to head Is the Urega best Show him your skills You feel more of time We'll be there To send your life to powder Come on and die today And you'll be proud to say You're a member of the MRA And all our parents It's not 445-60 QM. Can we repeat that story that Joe castello just told us no, can we tell us sorry? That is the grossest thing. I have ever heard in my life. All right, seriously have heard. I've been around a block a few times. I've been all over the world I have never ever ever heard anything so gross in my life in Riki So does it work Asked Joe 560.560. What do you know how impressionable he is first with a feet and then with the you know whatever scored score 560.560.560 on a mobile one line although you know she does look a lot younger than they did last try Here's a mobile and sunrise hello He has got over to call this line and then when I'm on a material that you would never hang up on me Uh-huh I guess I'm out of the theory. Okay That God he tells more bull crap more than in mekay. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't son great What a guy. What a place. What a time. I got to tell you this story. Uh-huh in 1955 my hope it's more appetizing than why I just hear it. Yes, go ahead. Well, perhaps it is in 1955 my family moved to my Emma Yeah, my my daddy worked for the flagler a flagler Uh Yeah, I was on big then we moved down to and then he worked for the fountain blue vote up and then and 55 the The Eden Rock was going up right and in order to the Eden Rock See the family that owned the Millenaker wherever they wanted to buy the The property next to the fountain blue they wouldn't sell it. So what they did was they built the Eden Rock and they built it higher So that they couldn't see the That's what the shadow right there'll be a shadow over there or the report Yeah, they did it intentionally to be aggravating right exactly in order story. Yes, I do What a great story and that's why they he said well, I wouldn't say it's a great story, but yeah Well, it's a great story because they they you talk about arrogance where they didn't want to the people at the pool to have Have a son at a certain time That's right I got about your real preach to me. I think so and I remember and and well, I don't remember my granddad He came down 1911. Oh, yeah, let's talk about that. That'll be good. Well, here's another start. Okay He worked for a he worked for Flagler and he was a railroad man right now 30 32 or 36 It catch the guys that were down in the in the keys and they were they were working on a railroad and they were a World War one Veterans and the the the the railroad went down there and It caught the Caught the guy the hurricane caught these guys and what's incredible The hurricane this is the hurricane season and this is a great thing for everybody to remember. Yeah This railroad was a big heavy train and it lifted When the hurricane the 35 It lifted Crane so much yeah, even the saw grass wasn't disturbed Well, thanks a lot in the song. They're pretty disturbed the saw grass right now 56705 what did he say? I was that taking a little nap 5670560 something about Henry Flagler and about the dogs and pond 560 on a mobile one line Here's a mobile in Boker hello Yes, sir you got someone a wacky call as me I see listen to the sports dates. He's up in Avdonia. It's a great freaking show man. Yes, it is it's the greatest freaking show in history mankind You're right listen. I got one I mean you just found a show by accident sir is that were you saying in spite of our great promotional department that we got? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm gonna listen to some here on out up from the Yorkin I have been yet the final great station down here. Oh, right It's unbelievable anyway Listen, I got one thing. We said well first of all I'd rather have a Haitian Because I hate the smell of curry. Yeah, that's never one. Yeah, and number two is I don't care of a football play It takes it in the air or he gets on his knees as long as he can fat guy 15 times a year But don't afford thousand yards. There you go What he does is no time is his own way go go L. T Okay, that's right God bless you sir I think I'd already clickman get out of here go back to here 560 560 palm 560 there's a guy of high principal man. He don't give a crap of his ball players Belize these be in honest as opposed to most of you who lie to your teeth He don't care of his athletes are all a bunch of criminals if they're a wack and broads if they're you know doing the lines He doesn't care what they'll they do, okay? As long as they can go out there and run fast and jump high like Brian blade That's all he cares about He's honest enough to tell us that way, okay as opposed to all you other goody two shoes for a full of crap 567 how Shane Burton doing by the way? All straight now Where we going? Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood. Hello Look at us man hello. I just want to make a comment. Uh-huh I just wanted to say that you're disgusting and repulsive and you're going straight to hell Oh, thanks for listening to 560 QA Okay, great, and I'll see you there sweetheart. I'll see you there with bells on my nose and rings on my toes I'm filthy and disgusting. I'm going straight to hell, but she's listening and she'll continue listening She's listening right now in fact. You know that scene in the video I was talking about that Britney Spears video where she's reaching into her crush that was she's doing right now better watch those sharp fingernails sweetheart 560 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. I'm disgusting and I'm grotesque But rather than turning to a show that you might like being the good religious person that you are once again Thank you so much for making the effort unlike most of the people out there that won't even dial us seven digits Thank you for making the effort to dial the number and calling it express your displeasure and condemn me to burn in a turtle hell Thank you so much sweetheart for caring enough to send you very words like most people of your Mental frame of mind is in crazier than a freaking bed bug you crazy obnoxious bitch you Yeah, you got a bird in hell. It is good thing Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a lifetime member of the NRA and I don't understand what what's your problem with guns? What does that mean? What's my problem with guns? I mean why do you want to be walking around with guns? You think you're responsible people ought to be walking around with guns? You think you're not on the first of all You had no you asked me a question you asked me a question Okay, but you're trying to put this into everybody's head, okay? It's what you want me to worry that I'm gonna convert to mankind. I hate to break the news to you, sir The overwhelming majority of people in this country are in favor of gun control and opposed to crazy gun suckers like you sir They're opposed to that. No, no, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay go read to the stats. Okay. Just call them the show It takes none on on on on on that don't take revenge anybody, okay? Don't confuse you with the fact is that what you say and sir, I don't confuse you. I wouldn't waste my time Try to have a conversation with somebody like you Go suck on a barely your gun and have a great day 567560 on your friendly station and pound 560 on a mobile one line a headglover show from Shulu's a two We got Donnie a B talking baseball Marlins are red hot. Oh anybody care or else in Marlins We got the interlink play this week anybody care no, you'll cost Delo does he wants three tickets? Here's a mobile an Oakland park hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You got both you got the lady the pelagén and she's gonna You're gonna go to hell the no no no, okay? Why they call you? They love it. They love you. I think we all love you. That's why we call you They couldn't turn it off if their lives depend on especially the bitch They've called about how disgusting this is I'm gonna burn and help she's hanging on every minute. I guarantee you She's got her corn cob out right now You're the best. I mean I call you off then you're the best and we love you in here Every fire hydrant in this town is in danger for the next 60 minutes Yeah, there is because we love you Okay, thank you so much. Okay, you're terminal 567560 we love you Neil Here's the food from our buddy Tony's thank you Brad your great American and we'll eat all of it Sam Dusk bag don't have to eat one drop of it. It fact he is allowed to eat any of it In fact, you know what he can't eat a couple angles They're money. You got him you can afford it. Okay. I didn't know if I had it When it's in double with his double barrel though carbony you're here and you're asking me for a couple of singles boy You'll tell you one thing one thing about this little Cuban boy You have a lot of cook five. Yes 567560 we're hearing from all the unhappy people that are there any happy people out there Anybody that likes the way things are going in the world. Nobody but it's got a life anybody that you know doesn't have some kind of a complaint See they all got started with that thing with Tom Jika What am I gonna eat this what is that? No, I want you to talk about them. Oh Brad wants me to give them a plug Well of course we'll give them a plug there at 1.93 29 North West second Avenue It's on 93rd and second Avenue in Miami Tony's cafe and pizza and we love Tony's they got great pizza and they got all kinds of side dishes and sandwiches and dinners chicken promise And sausage and peppers and lasagna all kinds of salads and cool sandwiches and hot sandwiches They do great catering and they got all kinds of good stuff and we love their pizza all right Brad We do we love your pizza, Brad Well, you did I say that then I said that pony tail better beyond the best behavior because Tony's is giving them a real run for his money And I did say that and I meant it not just because it was for free, but because it was good because if it wasn't good I'd be the first one to tell you 567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got to you're gonna burn and hell crowd going strong today and the NRA guy, which is you know, all related same same crowd Here's for a lot of deal hello Well, yes, sir. Hi, you know, they did a great article in yesterday Sunson with a letter to the editor It's about the negative negative negativity of Robert Flynn far will and Kennedy they're intolerant That breeds Fosters prejudice and It ends with how can they make a good bucket list? They can foster some hate everything have scapegoats It ends with saying that hands that help are far better than looks that prey Amen, that's what Dr. Swallon said Okay, thanks for the good news here. Okay, whatever you said Okay, we got the pizza now from Tony's I'm gonna eat the crust too. You know, I don't give her crap What nothing too bad, okay, oh my god, okay I'll guarantee it dying. I guarantee default has a has a massive some I don't wish it on him I wish I'm not the best got to lose some weight default your gigantic your enormous He's ballooning a boy. This is great pizza, you know Hmm With meatballs in the pepperoni Nice going bread excellent 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We got 600 open lines. We got an hour to kill I don't think we're gonna have a Chinaman chance to make it. I'm gonna have to give this awful story about this guy who went to Montreal To eat the french fries. Well, why not let any person and this is a guy from down here. So I guess that explains it A lawyer no less Fred Robbins Who went to Montreal to check out their great french fries in Garlic mayonnaise sauce. Oh my god Oh my god, I'll wait ever tell you what they put under french fries and I'm still in Just act John be bold to help tell you Don't don't even say don't get yourself started. Okay, there people elected again because somebody told on that it was like a real and had a cough following and was really a brilliant movie and yati And so this oh yeah, that's great. That's really cool 1256 at 560 Q a m Remember that right now that's what they're telling us we're all gonna burn in hell and have a great time Being there okay Do you with some I was gonna say living in breathing people 560 560 pound 560 on the mobile one line. How are we gonna tell that story by the way do I have to clean that up? Afterwards I Don't want to hit that I want to alienate him okay. He's a big fan of this show. Okay, maybe he'll love to come rich in famous Something oh he already is why would he think that that's a bad thing if you were telling that story apparently he didn't think was bad enough to tell it to dinner table to tell any money any mix Tom mix Who now is Any Money any mix who is that he's one of the guys Oh, I want to do that thing during the year yeah any any mix Okay, so let me ask you does Doug's while on does Eddie mix And what does don't know I don't know. No fine WQ a m I go speak the nail speaking sir Yeah, yes, I don't know if this was a rerun or if you got the chance to see it last week or not, but there was a program With John Stossell on TV called the power of beliefs. Did you see that no? It was excellent. It was an expose on all religions Really all the stuff and all the basically said in the end is that all these people they believe it So to them it's real what is the power of faith? There was a guy there that had a million dollars for anybody who can prove that any of the stuff is real And no one's taken it up on I mean they had like all these people that could do this spiritual healing stuff and all this kind of stuff Any expose them to be nothing out of pilot crap right but you might go to know what what was this on It's maybe Tuesday or Wednesday What channel was it on what network? Which one is John Stossell does any do this 16 and not 16 minutes? 20. I don't know whatever 20 20 thing but I don't think it was that it was like a special on just that with just him I thought that maybe it was a rerun that had been on like a you know a couple months before But it was called something like the power of belief great. I got that I have to check that out Yeah, they had the guy who um He used to be like a big magician and He's kind of like doing like kudini is going around and he's exposing all these people for fraud and all this stuff And he's got an outstanding offer of a million dollars Anybody can prove that any of this faith? Tealing or this any of this new wave Powers of healing and all this religion stuff if anybody can actually prove any of it other than just by their strict faith alone I think it actually prove it to exist He will pay them a million dollars and they proved that even has the money sitting there ready to give out No takers. Yeah, no Okay, thanks for the good news pal. Check it out. Bye Okay, maybe somebody knows a winner John going beyond again or when it was on or how can you hold it five six seven Oh five six the pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line and See it's just people like that bitch that called before about 10 15 minutes ago when people ask me Well, why do you keep talking about this stuff? That's why Because that's the kind of crap that it breeds in tolerance hateful obnoxious people That's why they're killing each other in Yugoslavia. That's why an Indian Pakistan their drario drop in a bombs on each other That's why it's going on over the world and We have these simple minded idiotic people because somebody planted a seed of crap in their brain They can't smell the force for the trees. Okay. They can't smear it on their face Oh, did I start telling that story? I'm not telling that story See first on my hurt you want to turn me against anybody first time you heard what you never heard the and Reke say that no Yeah, there's spoken one Reke before I heard we're heard when in Talking about that about Schmerin on their face. Yes. Yeah Has something to do with the enzymes in the protein and I think it makes them look young The enzymes eat all the dead skin and the proteins revitalizes the how much of they smear it on their back What happens then? Maybe you read it some of that silly you think that might work? I got an idea. Let's start bottling it and selling it So they already have that Let's move on 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line I just happened to have my little jug over here here is a mobile and four-later deal hello How you doing Neil great? I know I have a question how much stock broker I pull a lot of down yeah Sure I want to jail over a small financial matter When I got there There was this this guy had to be a whole seven feet big black guy Standing at the cell and it take me to the cell And after walking me to the cell that the security guard there is smiling at the what's going on below we're taking it to the special cell All right get to the cell that they block I just me Hey, I won't skirt because it's a bad word, but he called me a mother whatever The grandmother whatever mother right for you Yeah, you want to be mine. Why for my hot? Okay good 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line 567 Did I just get through Santa give me again real slowly? Here's Boker hello Yes My name is Nancy and I have a question for you. Yes Nancy How come you don't like safety from Boker Do you like come on out? Yeah, I love me is my best friend's matter fact. We're having an affair Me and bed is a great guy. Yeah, I work for you do what I work for let me ask you this You think that maybe the reason that we don't like to monitor shows because of what's happened here today the fact that he called and I really didn't want to talk to him and I'll have a sudden you're the second person that he's put up to calling here and Ask why I don't want to talk to him you think that might have something into with a Nancy In other words pain in the ashes that's been looking for I'm trying to be delicate Little things like that get yeah, oh, they now they don't get to me at all you know why because I just punched the button and move on Oh, she gone. I think she's gone poor Nancy. She's gone too See you wonder about what did I always tell you about chronic colors okay? They need help every single one of them the chronic colors are they mental cases Who in their right mind ever heard of Ever heard of a thing were because you don't want to talk to somebody all of a sudden we got a campaign going on here now From people and listen to this not a her voice. You don't sound a day over 110. She she sound like maybe 125 on a good day But that's right. She would look a lot younger if he keeps smear it on our push And the worst part of that story you told me was that Greg read told a story That's the worst part Which why it bad? I'll admit just not that kind of stuff. I mean he's a well, you know you're right in his case What the dude you want to tell you that totally classless anyway? I don't know just the general manager of the radio station It would be like running into the GM at it like a swing club or something you Oh I'm sorry Did I say what you think they're with you? Did I say the wrong thing again? Is usual I don't know. I just don't that you got to have a little bit of respect for somebody you work for and of course here We don't but I mean how how do you get it when the boss is running around tell the stories like that About smear and you're face to look younger, you know and it's and I think he's probably the one that made it up and then he You know, so everything in this building gets it's related to in Riki they have it in Riki's finish in this building We got one guy in here. We're working like in Riki. We got another guy that claims to be his best friend We got a guy that bought his house They're obsessed with him Anyone in a line because they're all jealous because then Riki's obsessed with me. That's why they're all jealous Let me wipe off my face and continue 9 minutes after one at 5 60 WQA Amit just rub it what do you have nice of an lying on the beach rubbing son 10 oil on your body lying on the beach rubbing son 10 oil on someone else's body That's why there's new oil of a lady Gee, Betty you don't want to get sunburn. Let me put some motion on those Our jury places I'm so sweaty how fuck oh boy that's a great song you wearing I Yes, helping out with the sun tan locians a great way to cop a cheap for you That's why oil balay is formulated to be thin and running it comes right off in just minutes you'll have to apply more In the candy oh my pleasure boy. That's really a great song How come when we sunday do always lie on your studies? Boy, you're a little bit nice 14 is 5 60 WQA. We got 200 open lines 5 6 70 5 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a lady mobile in bokeh hello hello yes, man. No, I am a first-time caller Where you're not a friend of edgy from bokeh are you? I don't even know it I live in bokeh so he's not too important. Thank God. I'm a closet listener Huh, and I know my husband's listening to me and I'm probably gonna be dead tonight for calling you But I have to call and tell you I'm happy But you said who is happy out there? I am so happy I can't say this is the most miserable goddamn place to Stunners more unhappy people And not only are they unhappy but they want to share with the rest of us right you're right I think we should just run them over and keep going Uh-huh. Okay I just want to say I'm happy. Okay, and I love your show and have a great day. Thank you. Bye There's a happy camper right there. Oh, for her. Okay 560 505060 pound five 60 on the 18 T a wireless line Two calls left and then we can go to the music. Okay, and I can need to rest in my lunch and peace And we can work on that experiment Here's a parkland hopes down wherever this is hopes down hello, mister Yeah, does the girl that travels to Italy that wants to talk to you? Yeah, hold on here. She is Is this a lot of man? It's like the 20th time we've tried this. Yeah, yeah, yes, hold on here. She's still ain't gonna talk. Yeah I'm a mister Rogers Well, I'm first of all. Yeah, I can tell you I 95 is suck Yeah, say hey And I can okay Italy is just and so the ghost is you want to talk about them and see what I'm talking about Rome Yeah, oh No, please No, that's what you want to go and you the tire No, that's not even talk about Let's not even talk about that idiot that's called all what's his name and then your artisans take it Yeah, I can't even that's not even go about politics Yeah, that's not even done not a Hillary court No, I forgot no Not that much of all you are Senate right really this is getting ridiculous. Yeah, yeah Is getting ridiculous yeah Tell me actually what do you stare about 930 this morning? No I want to bring OGA up again, but what time you had to do? Oh, okay Let me tell you guys There you go. That's your about O.J. We have to live in a man my neighborhood Hello, he's gone to chorus Frank. Yeah, what do you think I'll back to freaking California exactly We're freaking here wrongs right freaking out That's story right because you know what nobody wants him in California They're women They'll become a mother yeah Lays exactly pullies well listen have a couple pops more for us Okay, that was beautiful. Let's see she she couldn't handle a phone in the big-ends way at a call because she had one of these 10 560 560 pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line on a Monday unless we got grandma boon today We had the Doug swallowing it and we got the veggie from Boca and his got clan his old core Wow, what the market you want Who says this is in the fun place to live? Here's Parfland hello I mean, how you doing okay, so first time call right with and I got to have you a couple questions You don't know veggie from Boca do you? No, I don't know you lucky. Okay, what a piece of crap here I got a couple questions back here. I heard some rumors about the Ron and Ron show coming to a 2 a.m in the morning. Monday morning. Yeah. Oh good This coming with those guys, huh and Could you play the Chinese Charlie the Chinese chicken? Charlie the Chinese chicken. Okay. We'll go find them 560 pound 560 on the 18-T wireless line Mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Oh, yes. Oh, I mean, oh great. Hey about the one and Ron show is it still both Like remember that one Ron left the show he's coming back to you. He's got a facelift. Okay. Yeah, hey a meal We're something like that. How about the bridge tender man? Come on. Yeah, how about him? 560. Oh five 60. You see how it works when these people have no more material and we start with all the requests and I know that we're not gonna play any of this crap 560 on the 18-T line Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Leave it finally to my Lots of English for good. Yeah, move it Get another cello. Yeah, and I'm happy is compete Yeah, yeah Yeah, I'm not drunk. I'm talking to you and I can't wait to get out there live there full time forever You'll ask about two months. Oh, yeah, you'll be broken two months. I don't gamble You don't gamble. Nope. Then why do you want to live there? I've been out there. I've said human air Taking me three years and eleven months. I got two houses out there and I'm finally getting out of here Got all my stuff sold I am well, but what is it that you like about there that you would want to live there? Well down here. It's not a man anymore out there. It's nice to be people. There's a lot of Mexicans running around out there. You're better watching They all work. Yeah, lots Better than here lots of jams too, by the way. Yeah, lots of jams millions. I know I love it out there. Can't wait to get there. I'll be there in four days. Right Okay, we'll see you in about two months. Okay. Good luck buddy. Come be back in two months You don't gamble, but you he's going to Vegas five six seven over that's like saying I'm going to century Evela gem only 110, but I'm moving in the century village Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line them the good juice must have come in on a weekend I don't know about the the man himself All we got that big story on a front page. He's all been out of shape Where's that thing about oh yeah, he's he was at Star Wars he was able to take his children to see Star Wars Prequil at a local theater in the LA he signed about a hundred autographs. He says people were hugging me They were very nice except for one guy who yelled something but he couldn't make out what it was like you're murdering side of a bitch like something like that you could make it out Hundred people asked him for autographs. They must have been listening to the manager on Friday. They must have been it About the autographs got you know I love your mad dog, but that was so frickin terminal Did you hear that Four hours about uh guys getting autographs are asking for autographs from jocks? Oh, yeah, so it's so was great. He's excited and so he was a son of a bitch. Yeah, and and for hours Nice going mad dog. Yeah, he's no fool. He knows that's a kind of thing that'll make the phone ring Terminal calls. I mean the worst the end of the world And he's on their going oh no guest on their show no guys just big teach you know, but no guest that is show He must have said teach like six hundred times Do you hear that? I love it Here's a mobile and pop-in. Oh hello Yes, sir the best show ever I thank no cheer great what was that this show? You're show today the best show ever. Yeah, this was the all time that especially veggie and his two buddies Especially Yeah, especially the bottle lady They started the only the bottle lady's on top of it. Yeah, okay, as far as okay. Oh, Jay goes they had a thing on HBO Love you salt the lady that was in the investigation send the cold head We told the bad work like a pen dispenser. Yeah, that was last week. We talked about them That's all there. I'll stand to get out of there. Great show Neil That's okay. Yeah, is that okay? Yeah, that's that's it. I'm gonna get out of the we heat you And if we want to in rich history as we'll go to Greg Reed will get the real story As opposed to all these other closeted stories that you manufacture for us, okay? We want the real story behind a story. We don't want this stuff that's yeah, you know, he kind of fine tunes and adjusted for my Benefit before he gives us the real story. You're not fooling us, Sam, okay? WQAM Yes, sir. Yeah, Hollywood is a mobile. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood on a mobile. Hello Hey, Neil what's up? How you doing sir? I just want to say today show is great This is coming from a former listener of the midday guy too and I don't know how big guys you mean the booster Posting when I Cristina Moron and right out of town with a tail between her legs. Let me tell you something When it first came on and then I never heard you show before it. I was wrong Yeah, and I have to say Once a minute when I'm wrong and I was wrong. I guess you're so big man who admit that he was full of cram That's nothing the fair thing. Are you sure you don't fully pull a crap that's right now I look at the hand or the man dog went to law for my little bit of sports, but I look at you about Dally issues that can turn all of it. That's right. It's like that's a Disney. Well, that's the important stuff Like this as well I call him up before I miss I miss some of it. He won't have a biggest pretty good gamble. Yeah That was a McKinney He likes it because they speak English out there is what he said Yeah, why why don't you move why doesn't he move to Geneva in New York? They you know they speak English there too What does that mean he's over the Vegas because they speak English? That's nothing we really think of her wait till those Mexicans get a hold of his ass man Okay, have a good time with it. All right. Have a great day, Phil Yeah Moving the Vegas. Well, like I said before I love Vegas two or three days at a time Max that's it three days max top that's it But the idea of living in Las Vegas I mean yeah, if I had like fifty billion dollars You know something if you have fifty billion dollars Well, do you need to gamble for you know what I'm saying? I mean slippers like us we go to Vegas hoping to win a six million and if we want a six million we move the Vegas No, or it's not what are you gonna move it out for it to be out of your mind Oh, but then you can go to the cheap buffet is it really great isn't that great? That's what my life is all about eating a cheap buffet Maybe we could even get fat rich to steal the the tickets off the other tables and stick it on our table And make it look like we paid for me a lot. We just ripped off we could take him along with this But I don't think we get a four-defeat him for more than two or three weeks Here's Hollywood. Hello Neil sir. Yes, sir speaking first time color last time listening Faggot okay, thanks. Uh-huh. He'll be the he's on there right now. He's stroking it By in fact he's gonna be doing a facial in a second five six seven oh five sixty pound five seven himself pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line Great material sir. How long you been working on it huh? Till it's raw no doubt. Here's coral springs. Hello. Hi, no. Yes, sir. I saw that special of a power of belief It was on Thursday night instead of 2020 and it was excellent and what the man it's called The man the fair to tell you about the best part. Okay first of all, they they talk about these touch therapists They're touching it. Yeah, you know they don't they run their hands over people and heal them I don't know Girl did a science project where she asked these touch therapists to come in and expect their hands through a Barrier, you know there are two holes last in right hand and she would put her hand down and they and they would tell her which hand Of hers they were touching and in every case they got it wrong Right, oh yeah, and the amazing thing is when ABC confronted people who went to the therapist and told them what it happened They still didn't care they still went to the team. Oh, yeah, that's right And then you know what's like it's like these phony psychic lines like our friend spoke Griffin from Paul 96 has got going she must be making about 30 million here from that crack crap. She's running But the most interesting thing about it was that the beginning of the show they showed a researcher who brought in Little kids kindergarten aged kids Who had really no you know they were in their form of the years. Yeah, and they put a box in the room and they said to these kids now We're telling you a story and there's a fox in the story. But there's no fox in that box There's no mom in the box Then a fox yeah, okay, and they left the room and the kids would talk to each other They would be paired up and they would talk to each other and say Are you gonna look in the box and they say no? I'm not gonna look there's a fox in there and So the assistant comes back in and says you know there's nothing in the box You can you're free to look in here because there's no fox in here. Yeah, but they had been given this This idea right which they formed a belief Yeah, I'm going to try to get you back and Regardless of the fact that they showed them there was no fox in the box. They still thought there was a fox in the box. Yeah, so it Good thing they have a bunch of research in there tell her is locks in the box We're trying a little kids we formed these These believe so in other words, this is not something I'm gonna be able to see again as I would you tell me? I'm not sure Dammit, I thought like it wanted again, and I'd also possible that I know somebody that may have got it on case Please I worry about you the one thing is the guy mentioned to guy he talked that was a million dollars as James Randy You know James Randy amazing Randy. Oh, yeah, it's a lot of right and And they didn't acknowledge that but he was reading a letter from four lawyers. Oh, here's one from four lawyers. I have about that, you know But I here's to be a magician and right Finally decided he was gonna expose all the Charlottes. I think he does good work myself Okay, well listen try and find it for me. I certainly do thanks five five six seven 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless mine. How come finally? You have for no long-up boy No My extra we we you only have one museum All right, I'm so no you're only supposed to have one is daddy the for no He has two we we no son. He only has one believe me mommy no No, oh And a great big one he brushes the baby center. She's with okay 132 at five 60 wc Way and have I got I got a couple of things in the mail what's his Tampa to us all of a sudden? We never get this much mail in a month in this place I'll tell you a month and we used to get more mail at I See in one day then we get here like in a year, you know Maybe it's the tough address or maybe just that the sports they're just can't spell the name Well, if you look at the way this thing is sealed up look at that Maybe somebody opened it, huh and retaped it. No, I don't think so and isn't ironic I'll give it to you in a minute and letter two Isn't ironic that I was just trying to think of Shawn's last name a little while ago and he's a Father the dentist the plantation But of course the letter was sent from Evanston where he's go to school in North Western So that's my close personal friend Sean who's a great guy, but even maybe the most important of all and what is this? We listen to your show from freeport in the Bahamas John and we enjoy your show. We thought you enjoyed this pamphlet that we had out to religious people that bother us Dear believer Oh, this is great this is great. It's a whole thing The bunking this is beautiful. Thank you so much, man. This is fantastic Has it got an address for we can get I don't know more than I'll hold on to that get them out of the throne Chat catty Meadows I can't read this because it's some Jamaican from our mom and there's some weedon here two by the way And here's this long long letter wow look at that with an article from the whole thing I'll have to say that for after the show put a close to my heart. Thank you Sean But the most important of all Is my perverted one of my many perverted listeners out there sends me a list perfect time I bet you you can watch the swallow after you hear this hard List of Florida's glory holes Now what is this? I don't know it says check out our glory holes website and it's got a website on here oh no It says the heat you endure in your sunny state isn't anything compared to the hot times metro Experienced in his latest trip to Florida Metro himself is our company's kinkyist and most outrageous glory holes correspond on these Vendue them all now he supplied all of the juice and gossip about Florida's hothold. I bet he's got a good complexion Remarkably he doesn't have that bin there done that attitude however he's very well-versed in glory holes Detection and Metro is quite possibly the most preoccupied due to the America or the world when it comes to sniffing out glory holes on a regional basis We don't know there's just something about Metro read on and you'll be his hooked on the phenomenon as he said it and it's got a whole list Of all the glory holes in swell maybe not all of them, but all of them that he's discovered in Florida Like the one here in the T-room that somebody drove with that dramatic thrill over the weekend while we were out of town Metro drove to Northeast and Florida and right along US Highway 231 just inside the Florida state line between Dothan, Alabama and Mariana Florida There's a truck stop which has been abandoned and its busiest times are Thursday and Friday nights in all day Saturday Part to the right side of the building and you're going to attract men like flies on paper. It says They want you to Them off in the worst way If you're a top man you'll find more than enough suckers will take your They were so hot for our correspondent that he got more than enough action seven times and one evening it says good luck And it goes on This is even better than the those cruising sites that we had last year remember that We got we got him one better than that. We got the glory holes baby Who he even sent Tim Russer's wife out to check somebody's up and all of you other straight assholes that never saw glory hole Yeah, just an eye looking back Still never seen one like I said it's just one eye looking back at you I don't get up to those truck stops very often that buddy ought to start Here's a lady in Campbell hello. Hi you. Yes, man. I knew did you read the hell this morning On Jones freshman's column John freshman now all right if you were asking about him about About why can we borrow oh? Henry borrow young yeah Well, it's in there. You know what he's doing now what is he doing? He is working for gardener's story Of all four of them and the new gig a wine sales consultant. Oh, he's doing a wine testing He does that very well He always did by a lot of practice. He sure did. I think it was for free Yeah, so it's there if you want to look at it. Okay. Thanks. I wasn't. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. Okay. I also watched the bill month I was very disappointed I'm glad nobody got hurt, but I was disappointed because it wanted to see a triple crown winner right and I thought that horse might do it and Hauntiff was a Well a lot of the veterinarian said that he and watching the tapes he thought the injury might have happened at the top of the stretch with it Which of it did that would explain what happened? Oh, yeah a lot of people you know screaming about the way Christianity wrote the horse into the two places of the pace. I don't know about that. I mean, you know, he seemed to be running comfortably all the way around and then You know what Neil? I did not like a couple of the riders saying that to and Buffett the trainer Yeah, the idea was there was no speed in the race The horse The horse comes from behind really and there was no speed so he was in the post position here nothing else The horse he let the horse go yet. Right. What's it gonna do stand up and pull the horse Exactly, so I mean, no roll. I thought they were wrong. I tell you one thing I've been going to the track for 30 some years almost 40 years and after after every race I've ever seen everybody's an expert That's the truth Yeah, but I wanted to see it and I was sorry that he didn't win and and I thought I thought he wrote a great race Okay, okay, I have a great day And don't forget if God would have wanted to win the race I would have won a freaking race. Okay, just keep that in mind. That's what Chris Antley said If God would have wanted us to win today, we'd have won a god damn race. That's what he said And Charles he can't he looked at right knee eye and said F and A sweetheart. Which I thought was cute Five and she said don't cry a national TV again. Okay. It's not good for your image Chris. He said okay Five six seven oh five six the pound five six the only 18 T wireless lines. We got the glory holes. I got a long long ponderist letter here about You ripping the crap out of you. Who is this from this hand right and looks very familiar? Yeah, phony Mitchell Baron this ain't from no Mitchell Baron. This is from one of our chronic Factors chronic not only we got chronics out there, but we got chronics who will make up names Just to try to try to hide the true identity of how full of crap that they are. Okay. That's what we got no lives I and I change what I said the guy that's moved to Vegas more power to you sir Maybe you're not really a gambler. It'll be paradise or maybe you just buy the paradise and get lucky with them Speaking of gambling your brains out how about Hollywood similar getting where people been winning those big six bigger jackpot slightly you got to be there to have a chance Exactly About that You You I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. Yeah, welcome all Jay. It's a 143 at 5. 560 WKM. This is unbelievable. There's Timothy Boomer, I want to feature a little bit of Paul Boomer. From the Crapitation Contest, Timothy Boomer, Roseville and Michigan goes on trial Monday for violating 102-year-old Michigan law that fans cursing within earshot or women and children. It looked like I'd just munged up a piece of sausage on the effect. Okay. Boomer, 24, was canoeing with Friend's Last Dog. It's when his craft flip, and he was tossed into the rifle river, witnessed a city on Least the string of obscenities. he was ticketed by a deputy who saw that a local canoeist was something in the same that's not easy to read. In the same area with her husband and two small children she was canoeing in the same area. If he's found guilty, boomerker get 90 days in jail or a fine up to $100 a hundred bucks, he's getting free legal advice on the ACLU which claims the state is trying to criminalize speech that's heard every day on TV and in the movies got damaged. How do you like that? Paul Boomeralli did was cut a bad one and judge his face. Wait, this, you're not ready for this. Just slicing you a big ass. Page after page. And again, it's the same chronic handwriting from a chronic long time. I mean, like some kind of a moron, you could put any name in a whirl on here. In addition to which, take a look at that. The first name has been changed, okay? It was like, why did it out? They decided on a different name. Yeah, that's not too much of a giveaway. Is it? They had like retraced the name, the first name, and the second name now I see two. Because they weren't quite too sure what it was the first time. Ripping and ripping and ripping and shredding and tearing poor Georgian ass, okay? Probably some is really. Probably a right probably some. Oh, really fast, okay. I want to go over there and knock the herbs in to the sea. You're not a bad idea why you're at it. So we ever figured out what we call the Indians as Pakistanis. We said, can't drivers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll guarantee a man those Pakistanis. They could drive a mean cab up there in Toronto. They could drive my cab. I'll do it. The week with all do we expect to our Haitian friends. Do we have any Haitian friends? No. No. Oh, wait a minute. Here's a call from Orlando. Probably knows Doug Swallow. Hello. Orlando. 17 minutes. 51 seconds on their dime and they've trapped out. How do you like that? Probably given a facial to Doug. Here's the four-laterdys. Hello. Bag it. Okay. Thank you. Oh, that was Doug. Here's four-laterdys. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Okay. We are on Neil. Sounds like you, yes. Yes. How are you? Okay. Okay. You're sounding now. What if you speak about God? You speak about him all the time? Oh, God. Yes. And you know, you keep saying that everybody in South Florida is brain dead. You know, finally you got a guy that's not brain dead because sometimes somebody even pays me to talk. Believe it or not. No, I don't believe it. Yeah, believe it. Now, let me ask you a question. No, no, no. There's no God. How could you be making the kind of money you're making? How could you be doing a show that you have? And how could you have that great voice? You've got to voice that can go for four hours. That's not, you know that? I thought I thought I'd just want to thank God. You just thought she was bad. And I'll put her talking. Yeah. Now, let me ask you another question. What's the point, sir? What the mind you don't want to let you off my mind. Let me tell you something. If you weren't another state, believe it or not. If you weren't another state, you would probably be in jail. Yeah. No. Because the world doesn't have to know what glory holds is. I did a little survey. I did a little survey. Are you the guy that did the survey and ever? All right. Let me finish. Come on. I do this. Yeah, you do it. You put people to sleep. Okay, this guy must be Britannics brother. He's a hypnotist. I do this. This is probably one of the guys from SRF. This is probably Jerry Marks brother, a marquee. Jack Mark, whatever the asshole's name is over there. Oh, and you know that. I don't want to give that yet. I'll wait to win today. The other one. He used to work at that place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, this has been great. We've had more people than they do in Al Kelly. We did. If they said anything, we got them. No. Let me do this. This guy wants to do a sit down and we're comedy routine. Get your own show. You jackass. Speaking of that, let's get rid of Dave the comp. Hello. Don't you? Okay. Perfect segue with the last guy and some of the collars. Let me just read some real quick. It's real short. I've always tried to show that the devil we blame are atrocities on. He's really just each one of us. So don't expect the end of the world to come one day out of the blue. It's been happening every day for a long time. Also goes on to stay if a kid is old enough to drive a car by a gun. He's new old enough to be personally responsible for what he does with that car. You get a chance to read the recent Rolling Stones article on Marlin Manson. Okay. That's how the guy was a pot. This guy speaks to truth. He knows what he's talking about. He hits every nerve that you've been hitting. Unbelievable. He holds no prisoners on all this. Amazing. He's right on the money with all. It's just like you're talking about with all these hypocrites and all this nonsense that goes on in this country. Right. Wonderful article. Okay. And aside from that, Cardinal still sucks. They do you write. They have a good one on the card. They have the copies of Sethwood at St. Louis, Crabman. He just can't cut the cord. He can't slice it. Yeah. That guy was beautiful. And if you were to pick one call today, there was the best call today. This would be tough. This would be difficult. There have been so many. I mean, each one. And I personally figured Doug Swallow. The Drunken Lady was good. And then double talking guy was good. But Doug Swallow, it's hard to top that. Five, six, seven, five, six. And then the guy that called before that was given himself the facial. He was pretty good. Don't forget the lady that was sending you to hell. And then the short and sweet, right? You're just thinking you got to burn it out. I love it. Keep it up. That bitch. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park, hello. Open what? Okay. Like I said, short but sweet. That was good. The let me tell you something guy was going to show what from SRS. What did I just tell you? I tell you, I know boy, am I sharp today or what? Yes, sharp as a much of all man. I'm not trying to get a little cross-talk. Yeah, oh yeah, this guy who thought I was going to promote that piece of Grabwood's final, like Craig Warding is stuck on there, which more power to him. He's the only real broadcaster on that make-believe radio station. And he's a desperate. You know, he needs a job. But other than that, I mean, this guy who keeps calling here and trying to get us to put him on a year, because he knows that nobody's listening on that piece of Grabwood's final. What is it like, 1790 off the end of your dial or something like that? If you keep, if you turn your dial all the way to your right, you ran dial and then keep twisting it like another 200 kph. Maybe you'll pick up this guy the station, okay? That this sure wouldn't the forest is in. Piece of crap. You idiot, you disgusting. Hey, I do this. I do this. Yeah, right. So did Georgie Jessal, why he's been dead for 30 years, okay? You jackass man. I think it's time for me to con that with a nice big stoge in my posts is what it's time for me to do for our friends at next.