4th radio 560 WQAM by Amiport Latterdale presents the Neo Rodgers show. We're talking the old call 567-0560 pole 3 for David Brown or Pound 560 on your cell call. Yeah, the opinions of Neo is guest-polar's. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beesley, we've acquisition. No, no, no, no. You've been broadcasting. Now, Neo Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QAL. Neo YAH. Short and thin and thin and swiftly. The girl we've asked to see him like he's smoking. On Wednesday, she's asked if she's lipped for us in those. When she's smoke she's like he's in need. The truth's the clouds and flats so messy that when she passes, she passes gas and goes. Yeah. Oh, but she wants to quit that lead. Caught, fined up, big junkie longer. Yeah, she won't keep them buckledy. But it's a mess, she has to go pee. She's pissed on the can and I'd free. Short and thin and safely. The girl with and she's seen my go smoking. And when she passes she's lipped. We pee, yellow peep. Oh, but she ruined so smoking. Oh, hey. Oh, got you the way she's going. Oh, so good. Oh, what? Oh, boy. Oh, got you the way she's going. Yeah, she won't keep them buckledy. But it's a mess, she has to go pee. She's pissed on the can and I'd free. Short and thin and thin and safely. The girl with and she's seen my go smoking. And then she flashes that smile. We big yellow peep. And then comes the knees. She just cannot breathe. Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Can I have a life at least? No. What's the angle on that? Oh, you got to see. There's no doubt. Oh, dry. Yeah. Oh. Oh, I don't think you're gonna stop the ride. Oh, dry. Oh, dry. Oh, there you go. There you go. Oh, deep looking up the bed. It's done deep. He's trying to knife them over. Sleepy. It's done like that, right? It's done deep. Her large shoe. Oh, finally, we're on. Like, put your shot. Oh, my. There's something in your pocket. It's bad. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm trying to get fired up for that chicken. I'm going to fire it up. No. I'm trying to get my confidence back. No. That's the way. It's a 10.5 and 5. It's 60 WQ. I'm got to get almost speak today. I think I like that. Well, I sure like it. You know, yesterday was like an out of body experience. When you can't speak, when like your, you know what I'm saying? Like when you're like everything is happening inside. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No. That was seriously like, like your viewing. What's going on on the outside? And you're not like a part of it. In fact, that's how I felt during part of that show yesterday. I was viewing. So what was going on the outside? And I wasn't a part of it or only prayed that I was. But that's beside the point. So anyway, where the hell do we start? The reason I played that girl from with infosimething is because I don't know about Jews. But man, oh man, I'm gagging on it. And the smoke too. Jesus Christ. You know, I get it. When it was, it was the last night that I went outside. Let the dogs down. I go out on the patio. And it's like, like, just gagging and puking smoke. A thickest piece, super. Was it this morning, maybe? I guess this morning. And then my, my newspaper informs me, Everglades fire, Cas smoky Paul. And I thought, oh, what a bulletin, huh? Gray Hayes spreads from Broward to Fort Pierce. It's a purple Hayes. When I'm the patio this morning, and Jimmy Henry's was at the bottom of my pool. God. And then I drive in the work and brutally all the way in here. There was like, you know, it gets a little bit better for their east to go. Not that we're all that far east. And I'm sitting here in a building and all of a sudden I realize that we're gagging on it inside. Now in my house, I wasn't gagging on it. But here in the building, we're gagging on it inside. It's the QANF at way, baby. No wonder they were polishing for water there on the morning show. And then those guys were like whining this morning. Gildy and Default coming in here whining for free water. Hey, colleague and man, better get our friends at colleague and while they're still on the air. By the way, before Todd direct the stories that it can't, I think he's already done it. I think it's hopeless. You're good close personal best friend Todd Drek who left a disgusting, or was Colin on the intercom yesterday. Making all kinds of disgusting comments. What an asshole he is, you know? Really seriously. And I'm sure all of you, those of you who work over the years, you've worked with Samantha Asls. And I worked with nice people I work with and I kept to it before in different people. And I work with some people who are real serious Asls. But Todd direct. He's an asshole. He'll look up asshole in the dictionary. His picture's right next to it. He is just a brutal. So, colleague and man, we need some water because the morning team were whining. And we don't have a lot of give away all our good expenses. Soly water those guys, especially Default. Guilty I don't mind because I got religion from Guilty. I'm laying off for him entirely now. In fact, I might recommend him for a new panthers announcer. Oh, seriously, I got religion thanks to Guilty. But at any rate, it's I don't know about where you are, but this is unacceptable. We should be doing with gas masks. Can you imagine all those paranoid Asls out there waiting for the Armageddon and the Millennium and Allista? And you wake up in the morning and they see all of these people walking around with gas masks. Anybody know where there's a good Army Surplus store? Right at the road 441 actually. Yeah, they're figures. That's why I said that. No, you know, they have those, you see those old gans of those Army Surplus gas masks? That's what we ought to have to be doing the show in here today. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Hey, listen, I don't care. I don't care. So I'll sound like I did yesterday. Like I got that heavy cold again. What's how to like here? At least maybe we might be able to breathe. This is unbelievable. Inside, I'm not making it a sub inside this building. It's a smokey as sitting right in the middle of a goddamn forest fire. You can smell it. It's in your lungs. In fact, you know something class action lawsuit comes to mind. Doesn't that sound good? Big lawsuit? Uh-huh. Because obviously the ventilation in this building, you can't complain about it because we don't have any. And we're not near any windows. It's coming through the vents. Gagging on it. And Greg reads running around. Hey, look at these numbers. There we got great numbers. All these sports stations in America. One of the top sports stations. And we got those big numbers in midday. In meantime, here we're talking about a gagging that's hooking on it. That's Greg. Always oblivious. Ha ha ha ha ha. Always oblivious to what's really just going on around him. He's amazing. But he says he promises he's getting a haircut today. And I go on Greg. Where's my goddamn check? Nine minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQM on the rear. What was it doing if I had normal boobs to do without out him by my CD? No. Who you get wrong when I freak out of the sun? The sky down my side. Think off your CD. On my get by with his plants in my grass. Oh, I just die with his plants in my front. I don't have to try with his plants in my grass. And you all did shot for his body. I only had to pull my panties down. Oh, thank you, please. You all bought him. I'm not convinced and where I could find no. Tell him to succeed by just spreading your life. Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a thriller it's going. I'll go with him, switch and jump to the CD. Tell him to stop until I'm out of rehab 35. I get by with my plants in my grass. I get y'all with his plants in my grass. I don't have to try with his plants in my grass. Please, you all that bitch for me. He left through me by cherries. By cherries. You're the one who's all about love. So then this is the most important thing. On my get by with his plants in my grass. On that print and he's sure can't sing, but he looks pretty thin. Well, I stepped on the other one. I stepped on a breast. Sorry, Brittany. I stepped on a breast and it popped like a balloon. 10 16 at 5 60 WQM. We got the ankle over show it two in studio today. Mark that on the counter. We got you mad dog mad at 6 to 7 30 again. And then we got the marlins and the cubs. You know, I never watched baseball anymore. Very, really. It's boring. Especially the marlins. And just as luck would have it. The hockey game was over. Pretty entertaining game last night. By the way, Dallas tied up the series with Colorado. Pretty good game. And I flip it on the channel surfing a little bit. We show what to come across that 2020 piece. We're talking about. What do I come across the marlin game is on it. So now if I'm sitting there down 5 3 and all of a sudden here's this Shlump I never heard of in my life. I like to be on inside the park home run. And they go ahead and they win the game. Must have been the luck of Neil turning the landing on the marlin game. That won the game last night. They paid me by the inning. Would I watch it again? No. So anyway, thank you very much, Murray. I'm God bless you sweetheart. There's my check. Now maybe we'll see what I was going to be my bonus check. Bonus for what? For the ratings. I'm like, you're as true. I already got my bonus a long time ago, Mr. Oh, and by the way speaking to that, I was thinking about that this morning. Employee of the month has vanished. Maybe times are getting tough. When's the last time we had an employee of the month? Maybe they're just not telling us. No, he puts out a big memo and makes a big song today. And it's usually one of his ass sucking buddies. You know, like a Sam. When's the last time we had it? And who was it? The last time we had an employee of the month. Maybe it was Todd Drek. Asked all of a month. I think after that great rating that we had, I think I ought to be the employee of the month again for the second time. I'm sure you're used that 200 bucks. You know, I'm going to take the pin this time. No, I didn't take it the first time, which is why we'll not be employed the month again. Everglades fire casts smoky, Paul smoke from an Everglades fire, but a great film over skies and proud up to four pierces on Monday, prompting a barrage of emergency calls, and I'll rekindling fear that the wildfire sees this still full of spark. You see all of these things. You fit them together. The year 2000 Armageddon. I was thinking that this morning, you know, these people, what kind of a mental case do you have to be? To believe in a God. But, you know, and they come up with this crap about, well, you know, good works a long, well, one kid in the kingdom of heaven. No, you have to believe what we believe. That's the only way they can pedal you their religion. You could be the greatest person on the face of the earth. You don't believe these ridiculous, unacceptable fairy tales, then you're going to burn and hell forever. That's a pleasant thought. God, I'm really depressed that I just can't be strong enough to believe in a God like that. That would have your soul twisting and pain for eternity. Just because you don't believe a series of ridiculous, lunar crazy nonsense, lunacy. That's nice. And you wonder why the world is as screwed up as it is. But seriously, they're can't possibly really be people out there who believe it. Are they okay there? Huh? Burning and hell. And the devil with a pitchfork? That's smoke that's out there. It's right inside the building right now. I'm telling you, we better change our ways, Mr. We better repent right now. Because I said here in this chair yesterday, and I will confess just like Jimmy Carter. I had a lust in my parts. Oh, he didn't work in today. Oh, thank God. He gives me a chance to like, you know, come. I brains back down. Isn't that where your brains are? Both of them. Here's a mobile and camera. Hello. I'm here to save you. Oh, life. Welcome our show buildings have fresh air in takes. Get your maintenance people to close the fresh air ducts. The first air ducts. Right. In other words, your house, you just re-circulate the air. I hope he also got this great new machine. We're even like, you can broil two ducts at the same time. We're going to use a duct. You're going to do that. If they don't mechanically close them, all they have to do is put a big hunk of cardboard or a big giant piece of plastic. But somewhere in the exterior of the building, there's a fresh air in here. You can have a little hunk over our duct. I'll seal the duct up. In your house, you re-circulate your air. That's why you breathe that. I don't want to get in there. Let me tell you, the air in my house is absolutely smoke-free. You can be outside of it. I walk outside of the patio and you could get in the house. I'm going to get in the patio and you could gag to death. By the way, out in West Broward, where I am, but inside, no problem at all. But here in the irony of it is, because we're further east here, the smoke outside this building isn't nearly as bad as by my house. But inside, I can smell it. I can feel it. I'm just getting over my cold and I am gagging on it. Right. And they're bringing in fresh air. Because this is the cold. It's the law. They have to let in a certain amount of fresh air. Cool it off and then exiles. You can't get around. But they've got to seal it up on a temporary basis so that you can do a show. And you can't even get in the barn. You really believe that that's going to happen here? No. I thought I'd mention it to you. I'm trying to say, be like, I appreciate that. All right. I will be here tomorrow. All right. Good luck to you. Okay, guys. See, I'll be here tomorrow because the PJ is working on a hang show tomorrow. Do I check this? Huh? Gay P. Same difference. Okay. The McCain difference. These guys with the initials, you know? All these guys with the initials. Like we had JC member him. I wanted it. Yeah. JC and CT. All these people with initials. What is that? JT snow. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. So George was telling me about this date line show last night, which ties right in with the Atkins died. You know, I did that congested day with only a little bit about just a moderation. You know, those little dove. What are the colors things? You know, dove bars? But we did the little hook. Talked out, talked with chunks that have different flavors of ice cream inside. Oh, the ice cream ones. Yeah, the ice cream dove things. Like cherry and the double fudge. Huh? Well, they're small. Of course they're 15 in a box. Huh? And how many do you eat? Well, let's see. The first box is gone. And then about four or five out of the second box. And then I threw the rest of my at this morning. I threw them out. Well, no, that was my modification on the Atkins and I gained two puns on a scale, but never or less. But anyway, so George is telling me this day. And this is not new. I wish I could think of the name of that book. Somebody will call in and we're all free. First, my memory. About the caveman died. That's not what the name of the book is. But it's very similar to that. What the hell is it? It's a real thin book. And it goes back to the fact that throughout the history of man, man has been a prime, a meat eater and a vegetable and fruit eater. In other words, if it occurs in nature, man eats it, which is why man is got teeth that are like partly carnivore, like a part of a carnivore and partly not. We're on nivorous. Exactly. We eat it all. But anyway, see you keep taking me back to yesterday and we got to move forward, not backward. But and, of course, that ties right in with the Atkins. All these process and refined food and grains, grains, which make you fat, starts, starts and sugar, have only been introduced in the last few thousand years. Maybe just maybe that's one of the main reasons why we have all of these cancers, heart disease, etc. That were unknown for the most part. For the most part, I say, because they have found like Egyptian mummies with tumors. But it was very rare. So they tell us. So the good book says. So all you people out there that want to keep eating your crap, eating all that pasta. Now, of course, the attack doesn't accept it because it's in your genes. It's genetic. And if it eating that for a long, long time for a thousands of years and so they've adapted to it evidently. We, on the other hand, we diabetics, Westerners, we have not. And as a result, it makes you big and fat and really poorly. And sick and makes all kinds of evil nasty things happening. So if you take away all that garbage and you go back to what they were talking about, which is primarily the Atkins, meat and cheese and a little bit of vegetables, not too much food, especially if you diabetic cut the fruit. And that's healthy for it. And you will lose weight. And spread to that nutritionist, bitch, you were telling me about that was under last night. See, as soon as they have on these shows, somebody called either a dietitian or nutritionist, you'll know beyond a shadow of a doubt that they're absolutely full of crap. That's fucking bitch. Exactly. They haven't got an eye. They haven't got a Chinaman's clue what they're talking about. Nutritionist and dietitians, they know nothing. They know even less than doctors, which is less than nothing about nutrition. So that's like should be an inspiration. Meat and cheese, like I've said, there's nothing wrong with that. Can all these people that get all freaked out about it? Oh, gee, that flies in the face. You have flies in the face. I'm looking around seeing all these goddamn fat people. And all these phony pills that they keep peddling it. You know, I'm going to tell you something. Sunday, every day is bad on TV as far as peddling crap. But Sundays are the worst. If they're not peddling some bull crap religion, they're peddling these info mercels with these crack diet pills. Now, my favorite one, take an asshole like Steve Garvey. Okay? He's an asshole. Former Dodger first baseman with a personality like a dead man. He makes Al Gore look like a Mexican jumping being that's how exciting Steve Garvey is. And he's peddling the informa system. Have you seen that one yet? I told you about this. And there are two different pills you take. And the labels, I could print in my basement. I don't even have a basement. But I could print if I had one in my basement. More exciting looking packaging than this. Here's the one bottle and it says exercise in a bottle. And the other one is fat burner. So this is perfect. You're lazy. You don't want to exercise. Oh, you don't have to do that. Exercise in a bottle. This pill will change your metabolism. Just like you were exercising. And the other one is the fat burner. Again, appealing to that side, just the closest idea of the dietary fat makes you fat. Doesn't ... No. Of course not. And we must have. What? Twenty five thousand. The microscope shan and all these other ones. It's all water. And it's like the low fat garbage they were peddling in the storage with their arguments low fat sonas. Eat forty or fifty of a day. And see how skinny it again, right? No. God! One thing you can me sure of, if you see it on television, on the odds are overwhelming. overwhelming it's a polycrap. And that's said, 26 after 10 and 5 60 WQA M if you anybody have a heart or a liver? No. You think of all the benefits you're getting, like we'll be sweeter and when you touch your heater, carry a license to be deadly, come on and join today. Let's see, are there a good way? Oh, you're not running anymore. Yeah, man. Oh, wow. 52 at 5 60 WQA M, we should go ahead and have a camera and a couple of minutes you go. During the break, I don't know what it was. I had a mouthful of my delicious, solei sparkling water. Thank you, Sal. And just as I was about to swing it down in the water to George says, we're talking about the smoke in here. And he says, I feel like I'm about to swim in just the way just the way you said that. I don't know, something about it. I just all over the place. It was like a fountain, man. Even even at the, at the, what's the place in Vegas now? The new casino out there. Even that water pushing out there is nothing compared to this. I think part of that solei is in another county by now. I think you get some of the glass. I drifted all the way to God damn on roll counting. I think God. Oh, that was unbelievable. But be that as a man. We have to keep plotting along here because we're here to grind out the money. I got my check today by the way. I'm not very much very happy with living. Now I can probably, you know, we'd a little bit, uh, till I'm, that's my resolution now. Seriously, along with taking a whole different attitude about things. Notice how much better everybody is feeling out of it. We don't care about things like, you know, the sales department being a bunch of assholes and not servicing their accounts and a cop. They don't just don't care. You know, we don't want our clients to feel bad about it. I mean, it's only your livelihood, but we just don't care. You know, too bad. You go out of business. Stop crap. We don't care. Doesn't affect us. We got a whole bunch of other suckers lined up out there. Okay. You guys go out of business. Well, listen, there's a suckerboard every minute. We'll put somebody else on here. You are Jaggy and Pookie. And I was feeling great. I had my voice back. I'm finally over to his head cool. And now we got more crap in here. No matter, no, that's life. That's this God. You people got every time you get what are one nightmare. Another piece of crap comes down to pike. Get up this morning. Here's all his heavy smoke in a year. Here's windwood. Hello, fact. I'm not even put it on here. This guy that's that's a medley of your material. How long did he wait for about 10 hours? He waited until it is since yesterday. He was on hold since two o'clock yesterday for that. Boring. You're really boring, sir. You know what? Those assholes out there with no material, but no life boring. In fact, why are joining in, are you? I'll tell you, I'm too convinced to decide. Okay, right away fully loaded. 567. 560. Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. In fact, I'm going to do the reverse. You've heard about these guys on here that talk people out of killing themselves. If this guy calls back again someday, I'll talk him into killing himself and do everybody a public service. What is it? What is number? What is number? Okay. Jackass 305 305 306 306 306 7575 7575. 32675 7575. Yeah, column up. He's evidently looking for some guy to date him. Okay. Jackass 306 7575 column up and come to blow his brains up. Make him an offer. He can't refuse. 567 05 60 pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. I'm going to pay up until that first answer. Call her. I'm going to leave a book. What a jackass. I'm telling you something else. I don't call it. Tell you to reset your computer clock yesterday to make it compatible for the year to the thousand with the check for it. Yeah, I did check. Well, there's an animal line. There's a one. There's an animal on. If you want to go and check your computer, you have to go to Microsoft.com slash white to K. You can download. It takes about 20 seconds. You'll be amazed that even Windows 9 is not compatible. Really? Yeah. Not all these programs. I don't understand. It's not compatible. How come I put it in a date yesterday on a check? I wrote a check for a dollar. Well, I can't sell it. But I put over check for it. It's not really just about the date. It's the way to interact with other programs. The number 99 needs delete in many programs. Many computers. So when they sell their computer these days, the computer itself is ready for the year to thousand. Yeah. That's not. If you actually go to Microsoft.com slash white to white, you're not responding to what I just said. I put in a road of check yesterday and a year, 2000 or a year, oh, oh, and there was no problem with it. Didn't change anything. But did you try any of the Microsoft programs? Once they kick once they turn in like a mailing program like your Microsoft mail. I'll put it express. I don't do any of that stuff in that crap. Now I'm not going to put any of that garbage. They're also being thrown. Even Windows 90 itself is not fully compatible. They'll give you patches that we fix about six hours to balance. Yeah. And then another thing, a lot of 30 pounds without consent. There you go. Three months, three months took and I lost 30,000. And I bet you feel great too. You guys, but everybody in all of your is everybody tell you they scare you. You're all right. You tell those people to drop dead. Okay, and believe me, they'll drop that a lot sooner than you will. Okay, you're going to hell a lot healthier than they are. Yeah, it's great. And we're going to have to be on your program. I'm going to answer them next month. God bless you, sir. I'll take the hour. I'll still believe. Okay. One call I've done a board here today. We got a bunch of deadheads again. They got my voice back. Does it make a difference with this crowd? No, no. They got nothing to say about anything. Much of deadheads. Did we even get some call in tummy? What's the name of that book was about the caveman? I think that was the name of it. The caveman died. It's a very thin book. It's an old book. And it talks about exactly what you were telling me about the data and thing last night. About ancient man being a meat eater and a vegetarian. And you know, usually whatever grew from the ground, you know, fruits and vegetables stuff like that. Not processed food, of course, because they didn't have the ability to do that. And certainly not grains. When they go to fat and up cattle, what do they feed cattle? They feed them corn and grains, boys and girls. That's what they feed cattle to fat and them up. So they're ready to slice their heads off in the seven markets so you can eat them. Okay. And they can make a lot of money peddling. You want to be fat. Eat a lot of grains. And a lot of refined, phony foods. And you'll be as fat as a cow. Like most of us walk it around, whaddling around in this fat sick country of ours. So thank God there was a period too, but I didn't see it last time. Twenty two before 11th. And obviously none of you did either because like I said, these people have got nothing to say about anything. You're dead at a door nail man. Yesterday I had a beating with a god damn whip. They like it. They like it and beaten with a whip. They like it and whip in slides related. Now I don't give a crap. Because like I said before, that's our new attitude here. We don't care. Believe me, we don't give a fly in that attestation. We just keep going along. Got a nice big fat paycheck in my pocket today. If they want to talk to me, find if they don't want to talk to me, F.M. That's what I say, F.M. F. F. F. That's what I say. Just keep taking it away in the back and depositing it. There you go. You're all a movie I love was famed. Remember when he was playing the he put the speakers on top of the taxi and was playing his kids music, you know, out in the streets in New York. And then the guy they're all hunk and a horn, and he's going to splat like this. He was great. That just came to mind. And he said, who wants to go to F.M. They're going to F.M. Day in school anyway. Lee Roy. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. If you're 5. 60 WQA, you represent as the pussy. Your chance to speak directly to the program director of WQA. Hello. Time's a pussy. Let's go right to the phones. Oh, just here on the air. Oh, yeah. I had a WQA. I'm dream up those phenomenal bumper stickers. Well, it's funny you should ask because I just so happened to have a tape of that promotion's meeting right here. So you can hear for yourself. Any ideas for that new bumper sticker? Yeah, how about 5. 60 WQM with yellow letters and blue background. And ideas. Oh, yeah. Right. Right. Right. Right. And spread your language. That's it. No. Don't much your language there. Watch out for the language. Yeah. And that's how it happened. If you have another question, caller. Yeah. Do you think the marlin they're going to win this over? I'm afraid that something you'll have to ask our sports experts in the morning. But thanks so much for calling WQA. And since you're the only caller we got, please, please call again. We'll be back in a moment with more as the pussy. See, we would understand how come there's such a lack of creativity in the promotions department if we realize that Sam is busy programming power on you six. But be that as it may? Well, he got that Jordan night record on there. You know, he played this and he played that and he played with himself and played with Jordan a little bit and he got a Rolex watch and out to big hit. Oh, I'm saying. Two letters to the editor this morning in the one with papers. I don't know which, which, what's your ever, what makes no difference? Right on target two by the way. Headline incentive dragging dead charges and pro football dreams may 12. What a stupid. I'm carrying headline. You imply that the dead woman, either Morrell was too old to have a dream or a life. The whole lead story by three staff writers is planted to get together sympathy for the young killers. Imagine how our family feels after you're reading, you're crappy disgusting obnoxious unacceptable piece of crap story from Ruth Gordon and Boca. Adder at a girl, Ruth's right on. And Helen Lombardy and Hollywood about the same piece of a crap says, you're a criminal with not victim. Ray your story on May 12 death, Ranging charges and pro football dreams shame on you for portraying the perpetrator of the crime as a victim. This article seconds me. Nausee, it's me. Makes me want to get on the ground and puke says Helen. You should save your soft heart for the family of item or rail. She deserves a page one story about her life who are compliments. Her dreams are character in her family and how she's dead God, them it's because of these scumbags punks and all you care about is somebody's God, then pro football career is rude just like that girl. Okay, her basketball career is right. What a bunch of pussy's man. All these, and she's not just, it's not just adult athletes that they worship even potential kids that maybe someday might have been great athletes. Oh my God, we don't care what scumbags they are. They deserve a 500 chance like Mike Tyson who got out again yesterday for the 10,000 times. I wanted to get on my hands and he's in puke when I saw that he was a wide, wide lunatic jail again. So we can do his bum of the month routine again and a lot of you suckers out there will go. Don't be just get out. Shut up your 50 or 60 or 80 bucks and watch another piece of crap. Man, a country that admires scumbags the lowest form of slime and we wonder how come everything's all upside down in this society. The more aberrant they are, the more people that they butcher and beat up and whatever they do, the more everybody just can't get enough of them and speaking to that by the way, talking about channel surfing. Come across channel four news last night. I missed a very first part of it, but I got just enough wind of it to find out. And I wonder what. Roll. Think about this story. He's probably responsible for it. Guess who's thinking about moving the soft floor of the boys and girls. Wait until you hear. Let me give you a clue. A clue in the cold. That's a little clue. Okay. There's a three word clue for you. I'm going to tell you right now. Over our dead bodies should we let this piece of crap move to this town. Oh, and interestingly enough, I was going to talk about a protest isn't an amazing isn't it ironic for some of you right wing lunatics out there who can't smell the coffee for the of a fourth fire. That it was the ACSU that intervened on behalf of the Sanchez guy that everybody was going to like disrupt the whole city over his stupid goddamn boat. And it took the ACSU to intervene and guess what? He's getting his vote back. I don't know. Did you see his middle name is Saul? Yeah, Saul Sanchez. He's probably related to Jose Maria. Solomon. Yeah, that kid in the country's Georgia by the way. His name was Solomon. Did you see that? And that's all like a Jewish name to you. I've noticed nobody's talking about that and that's good because we got enough problems already. JT Solomon. There's another guy that had initials. JTJPJCT. Watch out for those guys. Tony. But getting back to the important stuff. How do you like this? How do you feel about this murdering son of a bitch moving into our town? How do you feel about that? Of course I know some people of this station probably have an authority about that. I said they were probably out of house hunting with this guy. Or maybe head hunting. Are you going to be that button? But let me get back and finish the thing about see. You try to throw me off course. They're about the ACSU. See all these people, the right wing Cubans, which is a majority. They're always on the ACSU. Come on. You still come on. You're about to eat. But I'm all right. But all of a sudden they intervene on behalf of this guy. They get this guy his vote back. They're a great guy. He's all of a sudden now the ACSU at FNU. 560, 560, POM 560 on the mobile one line. What do you say? Should we let OJ move back in and then we'll all like, you know, get together? And form like a little posse. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. First off, what's the little OJ? Second off. I went to night after this argument all the time about the guy to shoot. And I'm going to tell you, if there was such a wonderful guy out there, don't you think you would spread one more to everybody in the whole damn world and not have separate little guys everywhere? Yeah. It's said to have an emergency, very shrub on a set of a bank building. There would be a big message on time square. You know, right there, I knew E.R.Z. For the whole world of sea. A message from God. Yeah. All the miracles happen thousands of years ago. Unfortunately, we don't see him anymore. Did you ever see that towards Clown, Special on HBO? Yeah. Oh, man, that was great when he started going off on that stuff. You have a wonderful guy that doesn't like to work on Sundays, but he needs your money. And if you don't happen to believe a certain amount, or we're going to be the greatest person that ever lived. And if you don't believe a certain bunch of fairy tales, your soul is going to burn in hell forever. Isn't that exactly? Whatever you see, set something about it in hell. Which probably really smells bad. Oh, can you imagine if you wind up and help with somebody with bad gasses? Oh, that's hell. That would be like getting stuck in a crowded elevator with a whole bunch of people with... You're a bad gas for the rest of your life. Can you imagine that? That would be like worse than being here today with all those smoke coming in. Five, six, seven, a certain thing. What are we going to do about this OJ business? Okay. Are you people going to just sit back as usual, sit to your such a bunch of deadheads? And let this bastard, this piece of crap that nobody anywhere else in the world wants anywhere near their community. You're going to let him move here into the grove? Or any other goddamn place? Is that what you're telling me? You're just going to sit back and you don't care? Yes. As if we don't have enough scumbags and quirks and murderers here already? Yes. God, are you people pathetic? Here's plantation, hello. Hey, any eye to the man? Okay, sir. I held all that time. I thought I was going to get you to call my friend. I mean, I don't know if you talked about the given boat during your first segment. No. It was, it was, it's a government gave it back. Whatever reason. Does that mean they were wrong for taking in the first place? Let me ask you this, who gives a crap? Who cares? Well, no, I can't. I can't. Because about all that like unpassed civil disobedience, though, that one on. Well, yeah, I got to hear about that because that's not acceptable. Because this guy, I didn't get his, you know, maybe there was some injustice. Maybe there wasn't. You can debate that, but the idea that they're going to tie up the whole goddamn community for one guy and have a little boat. And that's a person that's going to be repeated more and more frequently. Yeah, it's an accurate. Yeah. And there are people who wonder why we have such polarization in this community. Is that the only thing that they understand that? Oh, it's beyond. But is that the only 22 foot boat available to these people? Yes. What's that with that? And if the OTA moves to Florida, I guarantee you can become the minister. Okay. I'll be going. And I know who the first personals are being. Oh, I'll be there if I had to list with two others of our boat's ozone is building. We're shipping at the Shrine of OJ. I mean, don't we have any shame at all on this town? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. People who suck the ass of murderers and why should I be surprised? Ted Bundy, all these other scumbags, David Berkowitz, they go to jail. And they get the they get marriage proposals in the mail from these desperate old people. The same women by the way that go down and stick their nose on a glass at the hockey games. You know, before the game when the players are coming out to practice, they're same fat porters that couldn't get laid in a pickle patch. Those are the ones. Crazy people. The same ones that ran out there to see Ricky Martin of the day. Thousands of them and George tells me this morning they said the ward is they started lining up four o'clock in the morning. Couldn't get laid in a cucumber factory these bras. So again, and guess what? Also I ain't going to get laid at Ricky's house. Believe me what I tell you that. Unless maybe you want to tie one on. Here's a mobile and store it. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Good. A couple things. First thing is I guess better you than that. O.J. was rumored to be moving the movie or a beach a couple years ago. Yeah. Kind of like fell by the wayside. Now you're looking to move to Miami's first I've heard of it. That's the last set on channel for news last night so it must be true. Too bad. The reason why I'm calling is I have a question about my wife's kind of a skeptic regarding the acting was I at. Well, why is that? Well, she can't understand how you can eat all this fat and eat no fat of a higher. Sure. Let me say it again because there are a lot of stupid people out there. They don't understand the difference between dietary fat and fat on your body. They don't get it. Dietary fat has got nothing to do with making you fat. Unless you eat a lot of dietary fat along with refined carbohydrates, then it makes you real fat. And that's what most of us do. Okay. Let me say it again. Refined carbohydrates kill. They are poison. And yes, we love them and we like them and I eat all this crap. But I'm addicted to sugar and on the first one to admit it. But that's what's killing all of us is refined carbohydrates. Sugar, starch, cookies, cakes, pasta, pies, pastries. That's what's killing us all. Donuts. All sorry, don't get donuts, man. Oh, by the way, that's the minute brought in that they were very good. Say, you don't have to get sick from them. They can bring it that good thing like they brought me with the sausages and the bacon and the cheese. That was delicious. So there are alternatives almost no matter where you go to eating these disgusting fat and nauseating things. It's got nothing to do with what man is supposed to be. It's got to do with making people a lot of money. So if you want to be a guinea pig, if you want to sacrifice your health and your life, if you want to be a sacrificial lamb for the people at Intemns or whoever's manufacturing the crap that you're putting in your body, be my guest. It's a free country. If you want to kill yourself because you, you know, for the Ben and Jerry's people and I love their ice cream. But if you want to give up your body and give up your life and your health for them, be my guest. So they can make a lot of money and kill you with the same time and send your blood sugar. Blood sugar is skyrocketing to astronomical levels that will be off the end of the meter. That's right. Your meter will go, oh, tilt. Was it Neanderthened? I think that might be it. Yeah, sounds like it. Great book. Thank you very much, by the way. I'm going to bring it in tomorrow. And yet, kids book too for Duff who I know. Well, what does he need the actons for? He don't look like he's overweight to me. I hear a spend a lot of time at that gym. 1056 at five. What's it called? That are bottoms? 1056 at five. 60 WQM. If you want to say that you have five. That's a huge, huge way. I'm going to have a four-star day. Now, surely, didn't I see it in a not too far away? Star Wars. The Phantom Men. Starring somebody's little kid. Discover the true power of Hollywood favoritism that leaves professionally seasoned actors on the beach. You won't believe you for Duffer and other eight dollars to preside a means for George Lucas to do weird favors for his friends. Once you'll be proud of this little boy and his parents, I'm soon there very proud. Inside of the Faki ruins are whole movie. And trivialize that great film concept. Gee, I hope he doesn't hear this. You think I made him cry? Perhaps you're better off waiting for Star Wars 7. It's important. A tack of the yeast infection. Starring the whole suit and twins. It's 11, I wonder, for a Jimmy's one. Those 11, 100, 150, 150 QM. So I mentioned yesterday's Steve Bosch's column. An excellent column, by the way, about that goddamn right wing governor of ours. Jeff Bush. Hi, I'm Lou. And this two-life crafty's license plates that the state is going to make now. As of last Friday, just a few days ago, Bush's office had logs 48 letters in support of the tag, and 1121 against. How do you like that? In spite of the fact that we have all these crazy right-to-life people and they generally are much more vocal and vociferous and calling and writing, et cetera, 48 in favor, 1121 against. It says in the state with bumper to bumper traffic, the tag is certain to become a very visible symbol of the state injecting itself into the most personal and divisive political issue of our time. Nice going, Steve Bosch, going on sweetheart. About somebody had the balls to tell it like it is beside yours. Truly what a fascist goddamn governor we got injecting a partisan political thing into the state where it's got absolutely no place on our license plates. Choose life. How about choose shutting your mouth? How's that? How about choose my your own goddamn business? How does that sound? Choose tolerance. Not bigotry. Not imposing your bull crap, your stone age crap on everybody else. I wouldn't be surprised next year I'll come out with one that says shoot an abortion doctor for Christ. There you go. Why not? That's his mentality. See every family has got like a bad seed. He was the one. Because daddy and the brother, I mean, you know, not that they're great, but they're like moderate compared to him. He's like the fascist in the family. That maybe even Hitler's folks couldn't have been all that bad, you know. Oh, there were. There's a lady in color red, Chela. I know. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I'm a couple of things I want to talk to you about. Yeah. Never one was from with those J.D. and a love, never found for her. If I understand correctly, he was found not guilty. And he was also found responsible in the civil trial for the death of two people which me need done it. Well, no, that does. You know, you well, yeah. You'll be saying it again. Well, yes. You know, a lot of people want to be seen. Let me ask you this question. Are you black by any channel? I'm a man. Uh-huh. I want to know. Oh, J. We're white. Would you give a flying crap about him then? Would he be innocent then if he were white? Of course he would be. Uh-huh. It's a thing. What about you? What about a 10-foot? What about the guys that the cops that killed McDuffy and allowed to come back here. And they live comfortably. Nobody said anything about that. I sure, I sure, as hell did for 15 years, screamed and holler to about it. What? They were allowed to come back here. They were quitting and I said, I said, I said, then the back to Tampa where they belong with all the redness. That's where they were. But it didn't happen that way. So in other words, because the mistake was made there, you want to have a murder or a guy who murdered two people, two young people, and called blood. Uh, you want to have a move of our community. Meal, it's no way to prevent it. In law says, and these are cops. There's no way to prevent it. How about when he was going to move to viral beats like the guys said a little while ago. And the people up there said, just try it. Good ball. Well, someplace is a cab of meals. You can't keep him out no more than you do a pedophile around yourself. Yeah. Okay. Well, let him move in. Okay. So we don't. We got a real, we got a real welcoming party waiting for him. Well, you know, I think all Jay learned that. But the next day. Yeah. He's where he's where he's left. And there he goes. Yeah. He's, he's learned his lesson. Most people in all that golf that got him to message. Well, they go to the government. They stripped him of everything. Yeah. Okay. Go stripped this. Okay. My share to Lady Go Shrip. Just strip this. Isn't that amazing? Just like back when the OG thing was going on. No. I'm not saying that because we had many black people calling in saying fry is ass. Thank God for them. But all of a sudden it becomes a racial issue because he was black. You think Ted Bundy should have been saved because he was white? No. Anybody want Ted Bundy moving in town if he were still alive? No. John Wayne Gacy. No. David Berkowitz. No. No. No. Almost there all dead. There all dead. Maybe that might be the solution. Right, OJ? That might be the answer. I'm telling you right now, I would be the first online to pull the switch. They stuck his ass, his fat ass in the chair. I'd be up there and raford so fast and start floored. I'd be there in a heartbeat. I would, I'd, I'd, we'd get the concord. You'd have to race me to get there to pull the guy down switch. And admiring son of a bitch. 560, 560, 560, on the 18th. What's wrong with OJ moving in? Let him move in with Roy. Roy, Roy. There are a couple of ass sucking buddies. Maybe that's why Roy's got that bloody oozing stool. Here's a Western. Hello. Hey, Daniel how you doing? Okay, sir. Listen, why lie's on the actors diet. Yeah. And she lost a lot of weight and she looked beautiful. Yeah. and I wanted to pay a over public to sell these diet at can bars they said all the yeah but she loved the peanut butter let me say it against her they suck to the most grotesque tasting swill in the history of the human race but she like them well i can't get somebody does well look at she may reduce or what is that that bad taste five six seven oh five sixty i mean anybody that would honestly tell me that they like those atkins barzaded a whole i like maybe two shows on it here a couple months ago that is the worst the violest tasting smart and if you look on the label by the way here's mister my good friend doctor bob also did that seminar with julian wittaker by the way which is embarrassing at best i mean i like doctor bob don't get me wrong okay but always advocating health and the nutrients and vitamins and is that and you look on the label on those doctor atkins bars and it's loaded with with crap crap gee and that's right that was one of the head giannets and i said gee was man is that bad for you that's one of the things that kills you that god damn gee my decarbonne with Dallas last night that's what colorado is saying is killing us sound good anyway but any any no what you know what it tasted like it had that it tasted like a penny to me yeah it did it tasted like giving you meaning to the term badass oh god his wife likes him seriously anybody after that if you really like the atkins bars will have the institution lies in no time in fact we'll get a twin a twin cell you would oh jay side by side for real sucky atric exam to eleven away to five sixty wqm is what the cool all right don't on the new year and you're here to take a few days to deliver we're all new carbo and you are never here to take a few days to deliver we're all new carbo that's what we're upgrading friends like all black people do but why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool on the new year and you're here to deliver we're all new carbo now the big and tackle five and the other words to you if you could be real bad but now it's okay when that's written on that right can address themselves that way on a new year and you're here to deliver she's nowhere on a carbo no longer the vernacular voracious of you if you could be that of an anything to say but now it's been neat all about my black folks every day keer ok Oh and oh oh I'll be grandma, who's who? I'll be wishing my thing. Lay in with my refuge. I'll be wishing it. I got a reason. I'll stay at this bridge with the lotion in the bath. I finally got this discussion and she should call about that. Yesterday when my blood started boiling and curdling, when I saw my tystine just gotten out, I was a waltzine in that car and being a escorted off, so we can make millions more dollars for being a jackass and a social path. I thought to myself, when I think of the word nigger, there are two people that come to mind. One of them is my tyson and the other one is a kill in the coal. Oh Jay, that's the definition of nigger right there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, we're searching, we're scouring again here today. Really desperate. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Yes, good afternoon. How are you doing? Good morning. Just a couple of questions for you to bring up an interesting situation with calm by and I'm sure you're enough about it. The topic is knowing a crime. These two kids who have the names and have been interviewed and been in custody twice of knowing of what was going to happen. They signed that to school and our prior to the incident taking place and it denone to have been good colleagues with the two students. How do you treat and how do you prosecute the how do you handle the two students? You ask me like it's going to make any difference with how I think about it. Oh, I think it's interesting. Top two kids. You prosecute and just familiar. Of course. Absolutely. Fry their ass. That's what I say. Okay, fry all our at teach them all a good lesson. Oh, I like you a brook or a blake or whatever that one kid's name. I like you. Yeah, get out of here right now. Yeah, we believe that. Do we believe it? No. And this has turned out to be another giant. They have a real problem with justice out there in a state of Colorado, whether it's Boulder, whether it's Denver, whether it's Wilson, and that it where it is, they just can't seem to get their act together. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Just like with Nixon, what did he know and when did he know it? Remember that? Of course not. Who's Nixon? Here's Hylia. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what if Chris like a penny mean? That's your question, sir. That's your call. That's your contribution to the human race. We're talking about that a little earlier. I just I didn't know what it was like. I'm like a penny. Did he ever taste a penny? No. You never tell me what I was pulling in. You stick one in your mouth and this you would taste like. Okay. And there's that dull metallic taste to it. dull and metallic. Take a penny right now, sir. Stick it and you want to take to him. Stick one in your mouth. One in your right. This take one. I'm going to stick it in your right. First and then put in your mouth. And then I think you'll have the answer. God. That's like how many weeks did we go through the thing where they were asking. It works the lotion in the basket. What do you want to do? What does that mean? What does that mean? I saw that movie, but what does that mean? Oh, man. Next thing they're going to want to start about that. When the what year does the next millennium start again? Yeah, they're going to start that again. 600 open lines here today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. OJ is moving into your neighborhood. Are you going to sit still for it? Is that it? No. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. I wanted to have that lady to call the little bit back about her perspective on a certain thing that always pissed me off about six months ago. You had some white garbage and Texas dragon. It was a black man behind the pickup truck. But about a month ago, we had a black kid dragon old lady about a half a mile from born in Beach after snatching her purse. Which one did you have to say? And what are you saying by the way about his pro football career, his aspirations being rolling? Exactly. Which one made national media? Which one was like a blurb on the local page? Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't see the comparison. First of all, one was a lynching. And the second one was an accident. Even though it was a grotesque, it was a murder. But nevertheless, I don't see the comparison. Well, I see the comparison only because of the fact that they were both very heinous crimes. Yes. I really believe my point being that I think that one of them got national attention because the victim was black. Is that it? That's it. Well, didn't the coal get national attention to coal and Ron Goldman, get national attention and vote for the name of the white? I understand that. And we're all the victims of Ted Bundy white and the international attention, so have a nice day, sir. Whatever you say. Oh. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, let's roll. Calm down today. Oh, I'm not going to say anything because you don't show me. Okay. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I finally got my voice back in a little bit. These people have got no material, so you know. Come down. Go ahead, sir. You just alluded to the fact that you're two role models for the N-word. Well, sir, it's not the N-word. The word is nigger. It's a word. It's not the N-word. That's right. If we can say, hike and hike, and spick in all these other words, then we can say nigger, okay? See, n-word, my ass. What is the white equivalent? What is the Hispanic equivalent? And who are your role models in those two different classes? That's not what we're talking about today, sir. We're talking about niggers. No, no, no, no. We're talking about OJS, and what we're talking about. What we were talking about is people that want to move to this town who are murderers who are cold blood or something. We're talking about society. Is that right? Yes. I mean, who wouldn't you say that is the definition of the word of the N-word? See, you won't say it. Here's a guy that's got so many balls. He won't even say the word. That's how condition this man is. You're like a bunch of little puppets. I mean, we're talking to yesterday about the godfather, you know, and the puppet on the spring. You're like a little bunch of puppets. Where is bird-tiltram and Fran Allison when you need them, you know? So conditionally, you know, you're like a little bit of a bunch of puppets. Where is bird-tiltram and Fran Allison when you need them, you know? So condition you can't even say the word, can you? Can you say that sir? No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm a faggot smoke and kishka eating. Godfather, fashirado, how you doing? Okay. You know, the new format should be all godfather all the time. Okay. Come in when your show starts. And maybe we'll listen sometime, but I doubt it because the godfather is like an old old man. 560, see here's another guy with no material. The new format should be, you know, a faggot in the black, the new format. I got your new format right over here, you know, what's called sir a dial tone. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's a lady mobile in Pinecres, hello. Hello. Yes, man. I guess Neil, I wanted to comment to the woman. I don't quite person who was here in the night-duffy killing. And I was outraged. And I hated the cops that killed him. And I protested and wrote letters and did everything. And I'm very offended that my black fellow human being, artist outrage, that OJ, since and killed two people. I wonder if she was equally outraged. All the kids that got murdered by the writing people here in Liberty City. And the aftermath of the McDuffee verdict. I wonder if she was outraged about that. But all the innocent fight matters that happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. It got their brains gouged out with broken bottles. I wonder if that upset her or not. I doubt it. And as a liberal, I am so offended that I stand up for what I believe in. And then if it's black, I'm on white people. Yeah. That's okay. And I'm out there. And I hate how children say, and I'll do anything to keep them out. Okay. Thank God for your food. There's one. I got finally one person. She's pissed off enough. She'll sign a petition. She'll do anything to keep that piece of crap out of this town. Anybody else? No. No. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. I hope he comes here. I hope he moves in right next door to you. Whoever you are, if you're indifferent, I hope he moves in right next door to you. To teach you a lesson. And I hope he, I hope he like Puts. I hope he plays Putspud Golf in the goddamn front lawn every day. And he stands out there sharpening his machete with an evil looking as I. And he's spared time. Just because you don't give a crap about anything. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes. One thing I didn't never found out last week. He, now that you mentioned OJ, was a significant subsist meeting with Roy down in, whenever there were bugs. They're good pals. I was just in a meeting. They went to dinner together. They're good buddies. Little suck festers. They were sucking. That's right. Heavy duty suction. Two X Jocks. Okay. They're part of the fraternity bro. Okay. You got to be, you got to be part of the club. That's right. They're part of the club. That's right. Listen. Just real quick. I'm talking about OJ club because he handles the handles of me. And as long as it's not sharp. Anyway. Last week I saw a, you've seen that the rules to go has a new television addout. Okay. I saw that caught it last week. Okay. The better than the one from on our Dodge. Yeah. I don't think it's like, the significance of it is the first, the lead line in the TV ad is the guy is staying there with a, with a, with a fine thing. January 1st 2001. Yeah. And there's what's the significance of this day. He says it's the start of the new millennium. That's right. I saw that. He's across the room. Yeah. Not most thing. Okay. I just didn't know, you know, because there's, you know, everyone seems to, not be able to figure out when the new millennium started. I'm not going to go back in that again. I was only kidding. I'm not going to waste one more second on it. It's very clear. Anybody with a brain bigger than a, then a ball, a ball bearing knows that it's a new millennium start January 1st 2001. It's, there's no point in rehashing it. Anybody knows that except dumb people, which we have a lot of. Yeah. I just figured that, you know, a lot of it seems like the lot of the mainstream media don't seem to get it either. I don't seem to, you know, it doesn't care about the fact that care about the hype. They're making it a bit. It's a happening man. It's an event. It's a very interesting thing. It's something they can hype and get a lot of interest about to make a lot of money from. And they don't care. And everyone has to goose step into line and just follow along like playing the... Not us, not us, man. Are you stepping in the other direction? Keep it over the good work now. Okay. We're gooseing in the other direction. Yeah. That's right. Why not let O.J. move in. I mean, what he do that was so bad. What's wrong with O.J.? A country that admires that, that not only admires, but that loves. That worships scumb. Trash. Garbage. Mike Tyson gets out of jail again. Yesterday there should have been people marching in the streets protesting. How many aberrant crimes? How much violence does this man act to perpetrate? How many rapes does he have to commit? Before he shows me on a shed over now, he needs to be put away for a long, long, epic, freaking time. Here's the question. Here's a mobile inform lawyer, Dale. Hello. Hi. Hello, are you? Okay, sir. You know, my point is, okay, what's the future of the nigger? I tell you, what's the future of the nigger? And you're going to have a riot. And then my point is, I tell you, I may be a word, Drash. But I have my friend last week, you got kicked out by five miggers walking down the street. He was going home, I couldn't know more guy. And take up, saw a flower there out of those miggers. And the crime's going to go down like almost zero. Yeah. I tell you, it's crazy, it's crazy because the go to school and the kill themselves school and the, I tell you this, so nigger, the kill, the kill, the kill, it will end up going to kill himself. Because his eyes shend because his jamekin and because his panic and because he's white and the, I tell you. You're making me stand alone. Okay, that'll decrease the surplus population anyways. So whatever you just said, he said, nigger about 200 times anybody else. Nobody said, no, no, he just said nigger several times. Well, he feels better now. Please see he had the ball to say it anyway. That guy got the n word. He couldn't say it. He just couldn't say it. He's been conditioned by watching that stupid OJ trial again. The n word. See this, Christ, how about the a word? You know what that word mean? He's an asshole. That's the a word. How's it going, A? 1126 and 560 WQM. QM, like you'll look old. I am your kid. What the hell? I got angry. I killed the call. Here I am on the sand. I will tell it all. About a man who knows the tent. He's playing, ro-foot ball. And we're well. People's death. He jends everyday. You've turned, say, see me. On TV. And I give them say. Hey, you didn't hide that. Love OJ. Hey, you didn't hide that. Love OJ. Just if I, I won't lie. I killed, chalent. His defense makes no sense. That's by Johnny Chakwire. Now I see the joe of death. Look at DNA. Gather round all the brown. Let me give them say. Hey, you didn't hide that. Love OJ. Hey, you didn't hide that. Love OJ. I think it would have been cool to eat in the future. Love OJ. I'm 33 at 5. If you don't do it, I think we'll work for a two-jim-man. If you stick to the marbles of the cubs. What do you say? He said, I'm over the next year that bitch had called before. I'm making a list now. People I don't want in my neighborhood. OJ and Mike Tyson are number one and two. Robert Downey, Jr. and Ollie North are number three and four. That even stood out two wood dark guys and two white guys. Four assholes. This could be a long list. People you don't want in the neighborhood. 5-6705 Joe nasty. 5-670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boiton Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I just think about the word, Nick, and the reason why they get so objectionable to a lot of people as opposed to like a stick or a honky or anything. Because that's what black people are called by the clan when they will be in on trees. Which happened in this country not too long ago. So, you know, unless you, you know, no, I don't know. I don't know. Of course, you don't know. Because you won't know any of your family members. I don't know. How come so many black people call each other nigger if it's objectionable? That's their business. Oh, that's their business. Are you black? Are you black? Are you black? No. I don't even sound like it. I don't get so many more makes you an expert. Okay. That's their business. Mill of it. Go back to New York. Okay. With your mill of it in God damn disgusting attitude and your big mouth. 5-670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe he's telling us from experience in his days in the clan. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are they going? Okay. I know why the guy called the guy who said he couldn't say nigger. Well, he asked a very serious question. He asked, uh, what he called white people and what he called Hispanic. He comes Hispanic. He comes big. What he called white people he called crackers. And those words have been used very, very, very often. You know, it really doesn't matter if they want to say nigger. Yeah. I just want to say that. Okay. Whatever you said. Okay. You know, no. 5-6 that there's nothing we're talking about. But we did that as a mail. Okay. Maybe they got waxed and build up to them. Maybe it's all that smoke in here. They think that might be it. 5-670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Oakland Park. Hello. Hey, Neil. Okay. Just want to make a comment about where should OJ and Mike Tyson and them. Top of people go. I feel that, you know, we're wasting textures money by having these presents filled up. And everything. I think we should get a private island. We can put all these people there. Just throw an atomic bomb and get it out. There's no one I said last week. I think that's the best thing. One of those I love Dr. Alaska. Let's take all the admirons and the unscivilized people that have no respect for human life and put them on an island somewhere far away from everybody else. And if they want to kill each other, fine. Okay. But leave the rest of us alone. That's what I say. There you go. And I just wanted to ask you if you're having time. I want to listen to that song. My prison bitch. I heard it a long time ago. And we listen to you all the time. We just have time to call because we have a family. They care. I've been work all the time. Okay. Thank you. See you. Have a great day. I think once this year would be good. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and top of the bill. Shall I? Yeah. A couple of people I'd like to add to the list of next door. Like how about the cat? First John Hinckler. For her. What is it? Speak up, sir. Okay. Oh, my God. That. Good. You're. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Oh, my God. Here's the X none. Hi there. How are you? Okay. One thing about that guy that we're talking about. I don't want to say to all I start taking these idiotic calls. I don't want to say about that too. I wanted to. I got a first-year in basalt. Yes. They were also saying no cheese. No dairy products. No dairy. No dairy whatsoever. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I didn't have dairy. Yeah. So that was. That was. You're the hear no there. I want to talk about OJ. I just want to say that for all the OJ apologies out. There are one of those who's moving into a black neighborhood. I'm sorry. Okay. How does he more than he's going with a black chick? Okay. I think those songs start between 800 and a million. Eight hundred thousand and a million. Yeah. Okay. Maybe our good friend. Roll. The kitchen to help us. Who loaned some money for this? Where did he get the money? The kitchen. He should be living in a tenement project somewhere. Where is the IRS? He's got out of the building over to the family and the Goldman family. There you go. Where is the IRS and all this? It's me. Okay. That's all. Maybe there's the auction. Maybe there's the auction. Maybe there's the auction. All righty. Okay. Have a happy. You too. 560, 550, 550, 550 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't try to be honest. They say our love is taboo. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. It's because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. Okay. Where is that? Us but then why? But I cherish each moment with you. It's time to so glad you get my life. Your my prison bitch. My prison bitch. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell When life goes out at 10 I can't clear through a field Now that you'll feel bright As long as I am going through I don't mind doing time Call through my prison bitch My prison bitch And I have no regrets I got you for a tini-boss And a pack of cigarettes A jacket for two hours of this But now you're all my friends I knew that I would kiss you in the end Yeah I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I can't bear to touch you I know prison bitch You're prison bitch And you're a physician I only have a request How about some of these assholes Yeah I'm tired of this This is the death I've been a tool I've had enough of it The sins can save you You're seven years, not seven times a day I'm not busy with nothing good You're in fall, may me have to hear I'm really hasty markers that can tell you Not that, I thought that I could break away But now I'm losing hope But I don't mind the pattern of the soul You're a prince of bitch You're a prince of bitch You're going out to the light that I can't argue with you You're a prince of bitch When I get out, I'm ready, you're so afraid You know my prison bitch, my prison bitch I'll never break a bite, you're not like nobody I'll never do better than two times On the second stop, I feel that pain If you want to kill Your prison bitch is never leaving you If you're from the fraction, I'm still me But now you're my s  No thats my familycept that's freedom You want the freedom when you're the Michael polka Lena L  Well hold on, let's do it Room to be lucky not only should we like as a community get together and send out a very loud and queer or message and that is hey OJ if you want to move here number one we're pissed off about if we don't want to hear number two your safety might be very much in doubt if I don't want to say you see yeah because there are a lot of angry people who don't forget that fast who will never forget here's candle hello hello yes sir are you doing there okay yeah i got a something to my being interested in i've got the neocin media research five booklets for the television yeah wondering what's uh what's this what program that you might recommend talk to me about the anneals and talk to you about what the neocin these reading what would we talk to you about what does that mean well i've heard you say on the uh thing you know you've got the neocin they've got a lot of clouds yeah well whatever you watch whatever you like put it down have a good time and have a great day five six seven oh five sixty talk to him about the neocin's okay talk to me about that young florida gator team that went up there and you know what is it what is that talk to him about the neocins five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t wireless one god here's mommy lake silo you know yes sir uh i was crying about the okay case uh i think you'll be fine you're living here my house was that he's been here all on the north isn't that no difference playing over wherever he hasn't been living here now well he's been here in fact a couple of times he talked he was looking for houses or he was put about maybe wanted to move here and there was a very hostile and negative reaction well i'm about to go cold and talking about what do you want him here uh no it's not about the mean i don't think he took those people you don't think he killed those people oh he would be in prison now in other words nobody who's guilty ever gets acquitted is that what you're saying no that's not one of the civil trial where they said he did kill him what about that trial was that we just throw that out but just look at the fact how can we sir are you gonna respond to that or just forget about that trial you just pick whichever trial you'd like to verdict uh okay have a nice day sir okay like i said just exactly what happened before exactly carbon copy man black apologist oh jay he's our hero he'd be a brother and therefore he didn't kill him people no of course not anybody with a brain knows that he killed those people anybody anybody even the slightest bit objective i couldn't give a flying crap a lot about or until james since i couldn't care less he was you know moderately uh irritating and his in our ticket away thank you geore soly for whatever he just bought us from Roth office appliances to the uh uh expo well frito frisco sorry next but well frito friday and flip you got your mind or what oh it must be looking for a plug on this yes pain in the end what he's got a better uh pamphlet's wait no that's not a better pamphlet it's not good enough over in here Jesus Christ the expo al fresco hollywood's ultimate networking party or i hate that word networking party i can't stand people i use words like i'm networking and food tasting it step again so one admission price gourmet food tasting beverages entertainment hollywood's best and biggest business trade fair when they may 26 that's tomorrow 539 30 p.m. of all kinds of restaurants participating in the city of hollywood and a son sentinel and planet which we hate like poison because they're owned by uh by the other company queer channel don't stand around their waiting for more if they want information call 9234000 god is the opinion the yes 9234000 we like to free stuff but that's as far as it goes geocates a one way street man 10 till noon at 560 wq a much here from 10,000 black people out there who think oh jay didn't do it okay that'll be very chitillating radio very surprising to me want to surprise me oh here's a mobile in my any hello yes sir what's up my nigga what do we do for your sir long time listener yeah i just want to touch on the other day thing touch you i don't know think you'll move you i don't think you said stupid and uh even if he does we'll just relax from the death that's run a matter town let it move in get comfortable spin all kinds of money right and it's run a matter town i think we ought to go on a fart on his lawn for the first you know where i'm here sir i'll go on a fart in his face i think you only play so be safe in any state is if there's a street it says dot to martin with king boobard i think he'd be good in the last guy think he great right you know okay i don't know sir joe juo know alaska five six seven oh five six eight you know he killed two people by the way and pound five six to you on the uh he didn't he wireless line i don't think he killed the people because uh yeah i don't know uh yeah that's right it was all just extending circumstances the dog done it that's what it was maybe he killed all done it here's a lady in Miami hello i'm calling and two the last call it that you say you don't think he will move here i will love if oj move here and i will one hand the move here because i feel if y'all start or whoever started around to him all that would start all over is a racial conflict once again just like you said a racial conflict what difference is to make what racie is it that's what you're trying to make it out of because he's black no it's not he's a lot of where why me is he where he actually is not what knows people get when those two people got murdered what difference did it make what car he's okay it that's what i'm trying to say so what oh you see what's the god of the day he's not convenient he's not in in there he's free he's a free man so let him let him be free you letting me free someplace else why what's wrong here we don't want to we don't want cold blood man we are you speaking we we don't want to be the people that it's a medicated the proposition we don't like scumbags we don't want to get here we don't want to ask you we don't care if it's you care because we don't want to get white as white as the fallen snow we don't give a flying crap we don't want to ask here so what about the police and that beat up right in king do y'all harass them and we're about what are they here so they live here it doesn't matter it doesn't matter did you make a big issue out of that yes i didn't know i listen to you every day and i didn't hear anything that how i didn't i can't tell you about the capital of the europe at bus that's stuck the god damn plunger up the Haitian guys asked that's the cop just changes please today by the way how about them did i scream and how are about that and police brutality but you only hear what you want to hear sweet art so have a nice life it open up your ears same with every other god damn minority in this country they only hear what they want here because they got a professional chip on their freaking shoulder and i'm sick of it it makes me nauseous it's new on a puke come on go ahead god i feel better now maybe it's a smoke in the air did i say this and i say that you bet your sweet ass i did but you got nothing to say about that but if a guy who happens to be black kills two god damn white people then it's like i don't know what it is it's payback time or whatever when you're dead you're dead whoever pulled the trigger stuck the guy damn knife and you're thrown it doesn't make any difference what color their skin was okay sweetheart we don't want scumbags here and that's what he is he's a professional god damn scumbag who's got a real smug arrogant attitude like he got away with it nobody knows okay like his stuff don't stink because we got a few people in this building that suck his ass you know i'm talking about raw right here's a mobile and west palm hello hey how are you doing okay sir this should not go black couple of colors about the oj thing i mean it's it's really pointless to try to discuss it with them because no matter what you tell them i need to fight playing handball it begins to hurt i mean you're not gonna win with them and they don't understand they really i don't know if i'm gonna express my opinion sir that's my opinion i'm gonna stick with it and i'm not gonna see her and pussy off like somebody's other pussy's out there that's my opinion yeah but i don't want him in his community we got enough scumbags in here we don't need to invite murderers to come and he will live in our midst i agree with making it a celebrity again so a bunch of people can go there and and gravel at his feet and suckerman for an autograph like sand dufrag well i mean i cannot get away with those people because and they're mind the true we believe you and i said have a nice day sir just keep repeating the same thing over and over again don't care whether i win with those people or not five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile in busking park hello yes sir hey this is Tony from busking park i'm up and it's doing on the mobile how you doing okay Tony well i think i just may say your day for you know why why is that because i'm because as you know i'm definitely a sportser yes i also practice criminal defense and i say oj is guilty of hell and when you guys when he comes down here let us know where the picket line is forming i'm signing up around i'm right Tony and i will tell you i will share with you a uh a saying that comes to mind we've added on our side of the track for quite a few years but whenever oj's name comes to mind it pops right in i'd like to share it with you yes you can take a nigger out of the geto but you can't take the geto out of a nigger that's my opinion of oj's left okay Tony and in closing yes on another subject yes is there any likelihood that we're going to get my going as the path is announced or how could you comment on that until we see what happens with the Pittsburgh franchise and that's what we're putting the car way before the horse i saw that very jackass put that in the paper a few days ago but uh how could i i didn't want to attribute it but yeah sure would be right yeah what a love mic amen okay hang in there you can't tell me where you are but there if you are beside here who do believe in the truth don't say hang it's uh bad word yeah you let it okay it's a bad word for our kind Tony love him 57 he's been playing she all watching mom and dad he's been playing tech my bear on the bed from you turbo these as a bill of work daddy 10 mommy 10 was poppin jom was got with wasch i don't know what she was drink but you got a note must dash it's been through the evil and show what i see what our short is like in more information on tv mommy and dad were hooked together what night went in wrong what a nice work something like that mama's yellow at the door dad was breathing heavy mama's on her knees you have to add up we'll go she's just a wealthy team he's been told to keep all watching mom and dad making turn he oh the most on the ever had only watched those little longer a nice thought if you get sick if daddy's name is Albert why mom asked for a gift daddy's grown in his life oh back mommy okay 12 or two five sixty w two a m on a real boring two day while boring to me because this audience is in a coma as usual nothing gets them worked up to a frenzy of course the only people are called in and the people making these ridiculous statements trying to well you know they get all that out of shape when they hear the truth they can't stand it i guarantee they're going to burn in hell five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line that's right you can start with oj you're going to burn in hell forever all how you're that right now you'll have bloody oozing stools in the afterlife here's howling would hello yes hey yeah maybe should that's George to um to screen some of the brothers and sisters they call up and say that uh why is that no he's not on a screen I don't know that's not but that's a you be in he be in y'all you know we don't want to hear that okay we don't want to hear you okay asshole five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line you'll get a brain okay call us back when you get a brain here's a mobile in Miami hello you'll you yes sir how you okay i'm a 32 year old black man that thinks oj did it yeah i mean you don't think he did it you know he did it well exactly what is the brain knows he did it okay but that's not what i call it i want to address the song the question is the why we call each other's nigger yes sir because we will talk to decepticize the word i'm saying it so much as you would say i think you'll know you're learning from me right well no not really it was it would mean anything however when someone of another race call let me do this what do you like better bojangles or churches i don't need to i like circuit fry can't you fry now we're talking about that's the guy when we're next door here like i said when someone of another race called or one of us a nigger it's done how to racial malice you know it's done out of fight that's why you know that because every time i've ever been called one it was in a confrontation of situation yeah now you know i can't speak like ever well now all the pens that who's doing a speaking if i say that my Tyson is a disgusting nigger it's not that because he's just because he's black it's because of what he is okay but why what you call in that meal because that's what he represents to me he's the whole he's a black person who's a stereotype who's a stereotype who's a stereotype because scumbag he's right i'm not going to agree with that you know but you can i say something i don't want to make a social commentary but i have a face to far i had make a social commentary and then if you're upon the last two calls we have you had on the radio we have a long way to go out of the fighting meal yes we do what is all this in we're going to tell us i hate to say it the next millennial yeah and we still can't get over over race i don't understand can't get along that's right i don't understand all i did was mention that we had a murderer coming in town one right here is there was oj and all of a sudden we started a lot of whole racial thing that's right okay i have far less concerned if you like and put it look at it but you still a lot of your phone just died okay call him back in Kentucky fried tell those ingress sandwiches ain't too bad no sir said Ted Bundy were still alive is there anybody in the right mind black white indifference in his town oh of course not but why is it that if we bring up somebody who's black like my Tyson or like oj Simpson they're right what we have to bring the race card into it again did we already use the race card Christ and you know which card it was two by the way you know which card it was George with the ace of spades it's right we think that expression came from that's what johnic cockling told me here's a mobile in pombie chillo hi now yes man let's go back to your ago sly bailie who said he couldn't pay the government tax who on something that he owed that's going to house yeah for the house in the now a pan yeah and then let it out to the people here in pombie he bought it for oj and his kids well that's sort of the clamor and the people the bit right of the island we have a meeting with the officials of pombie and uh they pop off the letter to sly bailie that said we don't have anything against someone of color coming but we had a problem not in pombie yeah we don't know we don't but we don't have but the problem is there's a deal with my little the problem is is having a criminal uh live here and uh and so he's in you know hunting around for those reans but we his buddies are gonna buy him a house but you know we don't want oj and we don't want a mic Tyson unfortunately they are color but if they were white we don't want criminals yeah we don't want attorneys like white black who defend these criminals come back yeah we just don't want it we don't need it and uh that's that okay so we so I've my votes against him coming when it's out keep him up okay okay okay okay okay wait what I just said it was very direct I wonder if he's can do a tie direct there you know probably you think so but very direct and we had Alan uh they're sure douchewitz and Bob Shapiro so we had three Jews and then the ones far to their were johnny cockering they'll leave anybody out under the fence thing flee oh yeah he's just a little drunk you don't okay all Irish drunk you don't come so buddy thankfully that's fucking bad he's upset about the color are you just drunk again oh god I saw a thing on a and a or one of those few days maybe it was over the weekend about the Boston Stranger Albert de Salvo oh you know that's isn't that interesting the way things in life fit together I was at Walgreens picking up a prescription last night and there was a guy wearing a de Salvo's um t-shirt in there remember many many many many years ago I think before your time there were a sponsor mine back when they were good about 100 years ago before they started expanding and I looked at them and I saw his de Salvo's saying he looked at me kind of like with a knowing look what would like a dirty look and like you know and didn't say a word and I thought yeah I wonder if he's upset over the fact that I mentioned I've since they expanded that I wouldn't send my dogs dirty to think that might be it well I was just a little bit of Albert de Salvo who got killed in prison by the way and they're still as some doubt as to whether he was really the Boston Stranger or not what do you think have really what's that fucking bitch nine minutes past noon at five sixty wqm everyone of bang here in the butt honey. in a lot of places they're literally not just much on much of a stresses and free so let's say and you may be sure okay enough of that crap. 1215 is five sixty wqa and we have a couple of open lines if you want to get in with your first vacation observations on why everybody in this country hates each other we don't hate anybody we just don't want to come back to the zero okay we're trying to get rid of those come back we don't want no one to go to do we do we want no one's no god damn right we don't have a name man. Spend enough we got those friends Canadians coming down here three four months a year. Here's a mobile informa today hello. hey don't okay sir. you know what this might take on that hole like minority thing something someone here where you think after I speak okay I think a lot of my minorities not all of them not ever all the people the minorities but a lot of course not take those most of them but I'm not going to take those I want to take time. I don't think it's most right I think they've got 50 percent overwhelming majority of those think it rotten minorities yeah. yeah let me just let me just just I just don't think they look at things and it objective manner everything you really even every one of them yeah. It doesn't so subject everything to them all you know like they don't but the words you're looking for a professional fill in a blank professional human professional Jews professional spartors professional faggot professional youth fill in a blank they walk around a big fact ship under sure and they observe everything with a jaded view. was it was it just being thinking and breathing human being. I just want to say one thing like I'm Jewish but I don't look at everything and hate of all every German right but he's like they did a study I don't know but you don't have too many Arab friends though. I actually have one I do have one Arab but he's from from my ran but I'm here every judge everyone on an interview. I saw him last week I ran but uh because son of a bitch. Let me just say something though. Yeah they did a study and ended up showing that black in general or eight times more racist than whites and people leave that time. How do you like that? If you say this out in the public you're deemed as a racist it's just because it's not politically correct. What do you mean that in public? Who are talking to with publics? I said in public. I'm a stranger. Oh in public I think you're talking to public. If you're out of the clocked up part you say this you're gonna be deemed as a racist but it's a truth and people can't deal with the truth. That's for damn sure man. I mean we live in the country at damn politically correct. That's why that's why they can't say the word nigger because if it could be all you just don't say that in public company why don't you not. What's wrong with that? Yeah I mean they say in the last of the guy said before the more you say these things you decents it I said they accept on a year so you can't say what you want. Guys said crap. Now I noticed they said that on a much music last night on you know but that's in Toronto that's in Canada they say crap on the year and it's all right. Can you say it here? No. No because that's you American effin' way man because we got a bunch of old fight stuff in Washington who just made it up as they went along not for any particular reason. Oh here's the list of the things you can't say based on what. Oh uh don't ask questions we just made it up like excritory activity. Why not? That's part of life isn't it? Yeah but you can't say that on the air. Don't ask questions okay we told you just don't say it. It's still legal to take a crap you just can't say the word. Here's homestead hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey how you doing okay. I have this few points first of all we live here in Florida. I think we already got enough OJ we don't need no more. We got enough scumbags here already that's right. Yeah and uh secondly did you know if you call them channel 10 News last they were uh over at the house that he supposedly looked at and the great that the gavels. I thought it was in the grove. I heard the grove that's yeah and they had his neighbor together would be his neighbor on there and they asked somebody thought about it. I didn't see that what he's saying. He's like oh I thought it would be great I love OJ I don't I always love OJ. Oh no oh no I'm not lost it all but dinner came up. How are you serious? It's where the god and uh one last thing and closing if he moved in next to me man then be riding the de Everglades in my white Bronco and I bring him against soonass. Okay all right bye. How do you like that the guy that he wants to move in next door to oh I love OJ I ride. Probably sand goosebag probably no sand. Another celebrity liquor. You go OJ you go boy. I'm I'm serious the people in this country are they the you water about these kids shooting each other up in school like it's a surprise that we have mentally ill kids where do you think mentally adults uh mentally ill adults came from? We have so much mental illness. Remember when Reagan let everybody out of the not houses? Uh back at it early 80s because we didn't have the money for it so we just put everybody out on the street. Now we have an epidemic of crazy people running around don't say uh crazy people because then Rosalind Carter get on your case that bitch. That loony tunes. 560 560 pound 560 how do you like that? So so I say if the guy wants to of course you have to ask all the neighbors I guess not just one but if the people in that hood want OJ move in more power to him okay more power to him just make sure give every happy address. Here's a mobile in Parkland hello. Hey you know we ought to do what the you French did and you know I'm that big lover of the French but when I ride horn I ride horn is ostracized in his little village that he's hiding out in France. He can't walk outside and get a newspaper he can't go to the store. Yeah people won't talk to him they think he's disgusting if OJ moves in. I had a lot of people who was coming back to Philadelphia for uh there's no unfortunately not yet. There's still an arguing it out in court but the meantime the village that he's hiding out in this murdering coward. Yeah I saw him. Yeah people will not talk to him they will not give him the time of day and that's what we ought to do with OJ. Of course when a French don't talk to you they're doing your favor. I understand so I was of course but remember Neil that not only did he kill a young man but he's severed that head of this woman. Yeah it's going to be like I mean he is a bad bad guy and if anybody if anybody still has doubts about it on June 1st on HBO. Yeah one of the chores in the civil trial is she's coming public and she's going to come pop up with a whole trial and she's going to tell exactly what happened and she's going to talk about how horrible this man really is. Okay I urge everyone to watch it. June 1st on HBO. Yes sir okay. Oh my god it's a severed head. Yes severed head the new fab it's sweeping the nation everyone who's anyone has got a severed head and if you think it's not for you then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer. Okay that makes 623 dollars for all your Halloween candy. 623 dollars isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well it's our finest mixture. You do get the caramel cornballs to tap the orchestra your daddies and the juice filled wax bump gifts. Well I guess it is a good deal. Except for the severed head of the middle of the Zagnut Bar sweet but geez I'm so sorry please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You'd better. Yes a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts and freebies worldwide so pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead it's not severed head. 22 past noted 560 WQAM. Where we going let's do a lady in my me lakes hello. Hello new I love you baby. Uh huh. But anyway um be that as a me. Be yeah be that as a me. Was it okay acquitted? In the criminal trial. Okay. Not in the civil trial. Okay now now he's paying for what they're saying he they think he did. Yeah except for the NFL pension money all that big books that's done. I have nothing to do with it. You know a jury of his peers acquitted him. In one trial. In one trial. He came back again in the civil trial. And they accused him that he didn't accuse him that convicted him. It was impossible for their death. Okay. Means he done it. In the civil trial they say he did it. Yes. These are all his peers. One Google peers that they don't believe he knew. No they weren't all his peers. The people in the criminal trial weren't all his peers. They were bunch of slippers. They were more of a decrypt with the civil trial. They were his peers. Yeah. Yeah that doesn't make any sense. Some of them weren't some of them weren't. See the thing about it. What do you mean is it make whether they were his peers or not? You must saw the criminal trial. You saw the games that they played in there. They played their race cards. He could have killed three people in front of the goddamn jury. And he's still wouldn't have not killed me. And given him the black car suit. What the defendant lawyers was supposed to do. It's supposed to bring out every car they can to get him off. And they did it. So what does that mean? So they got off. So they played a game to get him off. But he still is a murderer. What evidence do they make it be got off or not? So another word. What you're saying if Ted Bundy would have gotten off you might have been living next door to you. No my point is I don't want to take move next to me. I don't. I think the guy did it. So so then what's the point? My point is he was acquitted. Yeah. And we're not supposed to sit around here and be judged in jury to everything that's going on when we set up a point. And you have nothing to say about the people you want moving into your neighborhood. Is that what you're telling me? No I don't have. If somebody is convicted pedophile would you want him living in your neighborhood molesting your kids? No. So then what are we talking about? But who say he will move in my neighborhood? And he won't move in your neighborhood. So you're easy for you to talk because he ain't moving anywhere near you honey. My mom and I. No way. He's going on the white side of the tracks in the Grove. He don't want to be too close to your kind. Oh it is terrible. He likes the white kind. But you know what? You know I like that little guy. Like complicated blondes. You know I can call and this other bitch he's got now. I'll see. You know I'm not a woman. I don't know what I can tell this man would live. And if he buys property in anyone's neighborhood. So what if he moved next door to you and you would find that okay? It wouldn't be that I would find it okay. If you saw him sharpening up his against suit knife said I don't know this front lawn one day with the golf club in one arm and I'm gonna go. Yeah there you go. Okay. All right. I just told you man. I'm not. I totally disagree with a lot of stuff you say and then I agree with with some. But this is America. Yeah. And if you are a quitted of a crime you should be left alone. Right. He can you live in Alaska. I think you ought to be left alone. It's a good place for me. Maybe more to code one. Maybe we want to go to the field. I do good up there in Idaho. I was white supremacist up there. He's fitted real good with them for a moment. All of Neil Rogers type people to go and live wherever we sit. Neil Rogers isn't a murderer okay? I'm not a threat to anybody. I'm not a murderer anybody. Why is that? Because of your of your sexual assault. Because I'm a phag is that it? No I wouldn't call. I'm a threat to anybody. I also got inspired. Honey you got plenty of facts right. Right in your neighborhood right now. And that can inform a couple of young people. A lot of it. You know that. I know what. I'm a station every day and criticize you for your sexuality. I couldn't hear less. Okay. Well. And that doesn't mean that I'm not. I don't mean I'm harming anybody else. There's no to understand the difference. Don't you think I don't understand the difference? So what are we talking about? It sounds to me that I can spite of all the denial on your part that you want to make an apology for a goddamn mirror. I don't. Okay. That was great. Took a long time to get to it but she said the F-word. All right. And you're right sweetheart. It's an F-word a lot of time. Club 26 in 560 WQM on the road. Holy makin' on this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. All right. For 31 he's going to be moving into your neighborhood. Make no mistake about it. Whether he'd be white or black or purple or green or whatever he'd be. He's a hell of a guy. 560 50 50 50 50 and I'm a little more of my get-in-worked up. He ain't moving anywhere in your me. What do I care? You want to buy you? No. Yeah. Yeah. Power to you. He ain't moving by me. Believe me. Okay. He ain't moving out there in plantation makers. I can guarantee you. I bet dines to donuts. I'll bet to the check in my pocket against 50 cents that he ain't moving nowhere nearby me. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hi, you'll see. There's so much food you can't eat at all. Really? Well, send some over here today. I'm on a knee. It can. Oh, really? What the heck are they now? I'll give you the money. No, okay. 560 50 50 50 60 on mobile one line. Here's my okay. Great. Thank you. 567. I see you in the one bitch. Do it now. All of a sudden it's like an epidemic. It's under risk in 560 50 50 50 60 on a mobile one line. And out of control now, they're just losing it rapidly. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, Doc. Okay. Oh, Jay's bad news. I like to say I just got back from Amsterdam. It raised a go over to the, what the hell? Hang on a second. Yeah, I'm here. I'll wait. Yeah. We got nothing but time. Anyway, I just got back from Amsterdam. Great time over there. Yeah. I'm going to start the Accance back up. Uh-huh. And I just say I have to move then. I hope it doesn't last long. Uh, let's not know. I know she played the, uh, the old prison bitch song. Yeah. Uh, I was wondering if maybe, uh, since you're an old time thing maybe we could get that, that bridge in the song. Oh, yeah. 560 50 50 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and water hill. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, on you. Uh, you know, here. I know the number. Okay. You wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Slow down. What, what did you learn when you're speaking? I said, here's an America. When you black or white, whatever, if you get the money to put the lawyer, if you get the money, if you get money, if you get money, like, hold your sentence and have. Right. You can get away from everything. You know, just like, you know, just like that. It's just like that. Bundy, you know, and the old days, you didn't have the lawyers like today. You got evaluated. You know, I'm saying, you got educated. And they know how to get how the criminals are to be, you know, it's crazy now today. If you get the money, you can get away from everything. So, then you have the money. Yeah. So, today you have the money. So, you get away with it. Yes. That's right. You want to be in white or black, whatever. You add the money. But I tell you, you cost him a lot. You cost him a lot. Well, what about the two people that he murdered? You think he caused them a lot, sir? Oh, yes. I got to get a lawyer because it cost him a lot. I mean, the way you say that, I don't know what he means by that cost him a lot. That's it's got them a lot of lawyers. But I think it's it's going to replace life with money. Yeah. Those parents there, they lost the two kids. You know, they're the kids, whatever. You know, and they lost a family. But I tell you, you were maybe black. I tell you, you were black. Okay. I don't have to call him. Tell me some other time. I'll tell you. He's threatening to tell me. You don't want to tell me. Anybody understand what he was talking about? Oh, no. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the mobile one line. They're off. They're off of plastic. Now, baby, they're tongue tied. They're so worked up about this. All I did was say, in passing, I saw a piece on channel for news last night that this murdering son of a bitch is talking about moving into our town here. And our people pissed off about it like I am. That's all I said in passing. This murdering son of a bitch. And all of a sudden, but I hope they're like, uh, filming it tomorrow. You have to think of you. What I thought I said the year, uh, 2000 is the beginning of the next millennium or something I'll read just like that. That's how psychotic they're getting about this. Here's Liberty City. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Yes. I don't, yeah. If I am black, and I can handle the truth now, I would listen to a call that I call a few minutes like a 10 minutes ago about how black people is eight times racist. Then why? That's a bunch of bulls. Crap. Oh, crap. What is it like six and a half? So was that three three times? I mean, how can anybody come up with a study like that? Anyway, what if where do you come up with a number like that? I don't know. And you're talking about OJ. Let me ask you a question, Neil. I'll be on his eye. Are you racial against black people? No. I just don't like murderers. Do you? No. What, what, what, what, what difference does it make? What do these black are now? What's that guy to do? You're doing the same thing they didn't the trial. All I did was say we don't want OJ move in here because he's a murdering son of a bitch and all of a sudden we got every guy damn black. If I get two calls a week from black people on this show, it's a miracle. And this guy hangs up on me. This guy hangs up the phone. That's a kind of conversation with tears. And I would have what? 680 to call from black people since noon. Because I mentioned OJ. I said the magic word. OJ. We don't care whether he's black. There's plenty of black people living in everybody's neighborhood. Who aren't murderers. Nobody would have brain cares. People who care about their quality of life don't want some murdering scumbags son of a bitch living in their neighborhood. When are you people? There you go. You people like Ross Perola would say, when you get to go over this professional smart thing that you got going. When you go to transcend that, when you go to grow a brain, nobody cares that OJ is black. He was a millionaire. He was, he was idolized by white people, black people, by millions of people were in the juxtapes. Okay. He was a hero of America. And all those buffalo bill fans and 49er fans and USC fans, they didn't give a crap that he was black or what he was. He could run fact in winball games for their team. That's all they cared. And then he turned out to be a murdering scumbag. Okay. And all of a sudden they didn't like him so much anymore. And they don't want them. They civilized people don't want his kind. Living in their neighborhood. Not because he's black. Can't you get back? Can't you understand that? No. Christ. And I have to go through a whole grilling here about him. I prejudiced against black people. I don't want murderers living in my neighborhood. Is that something difficult to understand? Will come to your house and draw you a diagram. Okay. God. This is worse than the year 2000 thing. This is a thousand times worse. I brought this up. I thought I have unanimity here. I thought that any decent people doesn't want a murderer living in their goddamn neighborhood. And instead the whole thing. Let's turn the tables. You're a racist now. And we'll have a contest which group is more racist than the other. This is America for your baby. You know, that's the American. Right. Instead of doing some common sense. The N8. That's all you got to think about. You want to be surrounded by people who do no harm. Clark murderers and robbers in our son. And they'll, you know, do harm. Not an America though because everybody's too busy categorizing and hitting everybody else. That's the American F in way. And I resent bitterly deeply the idea that I got a sense that here in justify my own attitudes about life. I like decent people. I don't give a crap if they're black. If they're white. If they're Cuban. If they're Jews. If they're fags. If they're I don't give a crap about any of that. Now yes, I do like some people better than others. All depending on how they look. Right, JP. Is that right? Oh, there you go. Just perfect. What? Hey, so what about it? So I got a weakness for good looking young guys. Is there something wrong with that? Huh? No. F and A. There's not. What's wrong with sitting around looking at somebody that looks good? Soking in the vision of somebody that looks really good in erotic and hot and young and hung. Stuff like that. Huh? And full of fun. 21 before one at five, 60 WQM here. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. My A. This. I kid. Your like good little sinkers. Uh-huh. That fun little sound becomes right out of you. Think I'm gonna call me. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid for writing little songs about approval? My brains all go. I'll try to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which bite through what I'm going to fart on. Dr. Dreas. You'll manage your pastures. Hey, I'm no. What do I smell as? And you look like. Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell a bunch of dripping gases and juices was pretty swear. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard to get to my underwent backwards. Like Chris Crosse. And every night I'm like, oh, get her mad. Then, put up my ass, pass it off. Fat, fat, fat, you, ass you fat. Smell this honey. You'll get away to my own girl. So I don't give a big fuck. God said we'd take the world off. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. My ain't it. I think it's easy to want to meet kids. Outback in junior high. Said the problem was some. I crawled out my ass and died. I shot them in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Walking his trick club, my test was fulfilled. Moons of Bob Tennis took a dump in a kid. Went over to a dad to head a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. He died in 19th, and my life I would lie to. I just found out my mom got all kids and I'd do it. I told her I'd throw up to be his famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. They'd all look grapple. You know you was dirt when the women rushed to lead. You'd drive the whole back, but you must need to relieve the sky. Why can't I have some sense? Pretty cool. But I had to go. I dropped the kids off and threw my hand in my hand. My hand is my hand. My hand is my hand. My hand is my hand. My hand is my hand. My hand is my hand. My hand is my hand is my hand. My hand is my hand is my hand. My hand is my hand. I've been to the other many more English English than OJU. There's a fact from Jim and Sunrise he said with this place South Florida ass backwards or what he asked. A known murderer intends to move the South Florida. No one races a voice in protest. He had a Cuban who knowingly defined the law and has had his boats these days. He has an army of protestors at his beckon call. Something is terribly wrong with his picture. Says Jim. During my law enforcement career, South Florida was known as the fleeing fellow in capital of America. OJU has intended to move here to nothing but dispute that. I can't take it anymore. My job search is now strictly out of state. My Florida loving wife says she may not go with me. Oh well, I guess I'm a sir. Warning to Cuban protest is blocking traffic and slow old OJ. My knees are killing me man. Please don't step in front of my vehicle. My breaking reflex isn't what it used to be. Oh, sir Jim and Sunrise. How do you like that? You like it? Huh? 560-505-60, pound-560 on a mobile one line. Everything is a big racial issue, a big religious issue, a big divisive issue. We're asking you on a murderer to come here and live here. A brutal goddamn cold-blooded drug addict murderer to come in 11-10. Anybody with a brain should immediately be saying, Oh, of course not. And is that what we get? No. We get a whole convoluted song to that. A whole big lesson on race relations here. And if that has got anything to do with it, which of course it does not. Even though the trial did. Here's homestead, hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. You're all want to tell you, um, people gets from prison every day, right? So how do you know from murder listeners, daughter you and not? And we also got a lot of people with four letter words, okay? If you can't call a show and talk like a civilized human being, which I mean, you know, maybe push in a little bit, uh, then don't bother wasting time, okay? It's not going to get on the air. That's about the fourth one already, with the F-word. I realized that in some neighborhoods, mother is only half a word, but the F-CC don't let us do that, okay? You got it. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five, 60 on a mobile one line. And when you say who gives a crap, anybody with a brain doesn't want a murder or live in their store to them? I thought that is that difficult to figure out, but it's amazing to me how kind of alluded, how far you're willing to stretch this because you want to be an opologist for this guy, because he happens to be black. If a what about Ted Bundy, he'd be screaming, bloody murder. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, he's Neil, I'm going to ask you that. I know you're before you could talk about this film. What's the difference? Very little. I mean, it's the same thing. No, it's not the same thing. The Atkins Dot has more fat still, and you limited all the fat. You had a really neat and very limited amount of stuff, and it was just, uh, I mean, it works, but it was terminally boring. But on the Atkins, you can still eat the fat, right? You can one? He's the salad. A little bit, very, very small. I would suggest buying the book with the good idea. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Yeah, I hope, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil, listen, uh, you know, the, the, the trial over in the, in the California, the civil trial. I mean, you know, let's face it. That was a white man's, uh, which, which on? Uh-huh, which on, yeah. And then you know, that night, no, yeah. No, it was not. It was a film with chunk, is all of it. Uh-huh. And what's that? But I mean, you know, what did these people, I'm not blowing out your ass? 560, 560, like I said, forgetting about the civil trial all together, if you want. Anybody that watched the criminal trial and doesn't know that he did it, he's got to be an imbicill. But thanks for trying to stir the pot. Okay, now go smoke it, maybe, and maybe your brains will, uh, relax. If you can find any. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and Fort Myers, hello. Mobile and Fort Myers. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. All right. How are you explaining the blood all over that card? I'm not a worker. After, uh, and learn, have a nice day, we're not going to retry the case. Okay. Everybody like I said with the brain, knows he did it. We're not going to retry the OJK. So I mean, talk about, uh, Jesus Christ, how about the revolutionary war? You want to fight that again? Uh-huh. I don't know if they want to fight that one, I think they want to fight the civil war, what they want to fight. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. All right, you said something earlier that really upset me. Really? And I just, you know, it's okay to generalize sometimes. You can't step on the 49er fans and say that we'd like OJC. Because there's a lot of things to do. So let me tell you something, when OJC Simpson was playing with the 49ers, they loved OJC Simpson, even though he was at the end of his career, he was a camp, and we always told him he was like, okay, Graham, I'm pretty real happy for you. Okay, call one of the sports shows, okay? My sports nerd friend, we're not talking about ball games now. 560, 550, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line, but you do have a good point. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Like I said, the bill's fans love them in USC, yes. Yeah, hey, it seems like OJC's people are making a, uh, making things like, like, you're making a racial issue with your, which you're not. Yeah. Um, first thing, I think that is all these on religious, uh, people. Yeah, okay. Here's a mobile and four-later Dale, hello. Mobile and four-later Dale. Yeah, hi, Neil, how you doing? Okay, I'm doing. Uh, well, I want to know what seems to be a problem with OJC coming down to South Florida. What more didn't understand? What? Then he's a murderer, we don't want the murderer to just come into the list. Hey, the guy he's executed, man. What was he, he's a lot? He's a lot. He's a killer, everybody. He's everything is gone by. What is the problem with it? Everything is what? But like, would you be speaking, sir? What more are coming out of your mouth? Um, I'm speaking English to you, OJC. Well, what? Tell me again. What's the word? I'm speaking English to you. Yes, and he is a what? I think everything is gone. He's a cutie. He's a cutie. He's a cutie. He's a cutie. Yeah. Oh, he's a cutie. Yeah. He knows who he's been to me. He looks, uh, especially on a cover time magazine. Look, we're all agree. 560, 50560, PAN560 on a mobile one line. How about John Hinkley when they let him out? Well, you like John Hinkley moving in your neighborhood? Uh-huh. They'll let him out someday. He's out on, uh, he's letting him go out and the wonder around every now and then. Yeah. Maybe he'll go visit Jerry Bower one of these days soon. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, man. He's a cutie. Yeah. He's a cutie. Yeah. He's a real cutie. Come on, Neil. He's a cutie. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good name. Come on. You don't want him in your neighborhood? No. Come on. Do you want him in your hood? Where's your hood? We want him in your neighborhood, sir. Are you Neil? Neil. Are you kidding me if that piece of direct came in my neighborhood? Okay. Anybody that says direct, okay? Right off the bed. I know that you go back to Schroel, okay? Learn how to say the word right. You don't say direct. He's done a sound like a Jackie Mason now. Go do your sit down routine somewhere else. Go sit, shivby somewhere for that material you got. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile invoitant V, Chilo. Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Listen, since we're on the topic of murders. I don't know if you have much interest in this building. This is the whole thing of the... The... The Trel's Free Well Commercial for Anne One. Sports shoes? Haven't seen it. Okay. You can't tell. Yeah. I have heard the people on this radio station in the morning by the way. Raven about what a great basketball player he is. Isn't it amazing? He's a great basketball player. But he almost killed his coach, Carliscia Moel last year. Yeah. And some... He wanted to try to... He only choked him twice. Choked him twice. He had great marks around his back there. And we know. At any time, there's a commercial on Gourmet NBA Playhouse with a National Anthem being played in the background. But it's primitual. And they're calling him the American Dream. Uh-huh. Are you kidding me? Memorial Day is coming up. And our gutterians are out there. Is it a star-spangled banner? That's the American. It was a great game. And you better get with it, man. You better get with the program. Okay. Mike Tyson, O.J. and Latrine, Speedwell. That's the American F&M. And you better... We thank your whole position on this. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T Wireless. The two Latter 2 Latter. Two Jordan today. Have your stuff down on Christian's Fund. Oh, right. Oh, your friends away. We'll back you all. We'll back you. And then we'll be your right. We're on a gun. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, like we'll be sweeter. When you pack your heater, you carry a license to be deadly. Come on and join today. Let's see our American Way to be a member of the Gannara. Boom, the train will be gonna be long. Come on inside and you'll be from the day you're a member of the Earth. Oh, right. 101 and 560WQA are big one and two are you know the irony of all this. What this has evolved into, which it usually does the same old crap. I need to break the news to you all you professional lesbarches out there today. Oh, Jay don't want to live in your hood. He wasn't living in Watts. He was living in Bramwood with a in a very very affluent, really white neighborhood. With a very little white blonde wife. And now he's got his very white blonde hit a girlfriend who looks just like the white wife that he murdered already. He don't want nothing to do with you. And all of a sudden he's a black icon. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Talk about stupid. He's an awful time is what he is. And yet because this skin color happens to be black, some of you are so freaking stupid that therefore, oh, what's right? He didn't do it. Yeah. He don't want nothing to do with you. Okay. You got it? You understand? No. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T Wallace Long. Can't we just narrow it down to the fact that we're talking about a murdering son of a bitch? No, can't we just narrow that down? No. Here's a lady in Miami Lake. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, I feel he is a murderer and he's discussing and he's a complete doop bag. Yeah. And regards to the lady that called before that, a very irritating. Okay. There's number five for the F word. Oh, it's a dirt. Oh, he's on the F. Okay, calm down. Like I said, mother is just half a word, but it's a radio show. Okay. I mean, if you see up there in Washington, it's very upset about this. They get psychotic. I have to keep bleeping these things out. I don't doubt we'd put out. But you have a good point. Five, six, seven. What I almost spelled it. I did five, six, seven. F you. Oh, five, six, the and Tom five, six, the on the 18T, well, if you can't say it, at least spell it for Christ, six, you know. God. See, don't say the F word. Every single one of them man on and on, if this and F that come on, be a little more civilized. Speak, you know, like a more cultured person like me. Here's a mobile and pompino. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I want to talk to about this old J thing. And I want you to hang up on me. But, you know, what does that mean? Well, I mean, you know, he got us found. He wasn't guilty, but everybody knows he's guilty. Yeah. Okay. So, I mean, why if it's obvious you so much if he's going to move down here, I mean, what about you? I mean, you were found. You played guilty. Oh, yeah. I mean, you'll be to what? Did I murder somebody, sir? No. I didn't murder anybody. You're right. You're right. I didn't. I didn't murder anybody and you're a jackass. Okay. What an idiot. What a moron. How is it possible to be so stupid? Man. Always got some kind of excuse for every goddamn cock I'd add a two to you got. That's right. I'm a hardened threat to the neighborhood. You should only have neighbors like me, pal. You jackass. Go and hang up on me, but 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Oh, how's it going? How are you doing? I'm a reliable man. You're an ardent something or rather talk about a bunch of convoluted lunatics we got here today. I'll tell you what. I agree with you. 189 percent. I cannot stand OG. He's a he's nothing but a motor. And just because he was adjudicated in the criminal trial. And then this guy gets through saying everybody knows that he did it. Okay. So the fact that he's a murderer, how how to how can I talk about that? Because that's your all look what a threat to society I am. Just because he was adjudicated that not making not a motor. Yeah. He's a motor even though even though he fooled a whole bunch of people. Sure. I'm living in. I said that two hours ago, okay. Everybody with a brain accepts that the man killed two people. Okay. Period. And now we've gotten since then, it's a lecture on race relations. What are we studying? Oh, please. The hardened criminal. I really wish that the little out of the African American deal would just take that damn chip off their shoulder. Yeah. They can't do it. And like I said, a minute ago, he'll want to live with them. He's going to live with them. He's not going to live with them. He's going to do nothing for them. He doesn't give a crap about them or what happens to them. He's a guy who happens to have escaped the ghetto and made millions of dollars and become a big celebrity. As far as he's concerned in his mind, he's white. He's not black. He's a guy that lives the big, richy white life. He's not interested in anything that has to do with being black. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. But you're dealing with such a high degree of racial paranoia here. Man, try to have a rational discussion with some of these people. It's like an effin' impossible thing. Underline the effin' part. Here's a mobile informe, as hell. Yeah, like, why can't there be a good people of America, I suppose. Every time we speak out about certain things, we get, I think more people should have a voice about this issue. Neil? Yeah. I just can't believe. Yeah, meaning why. We're not screening any of these things. Exactly. Anybody who wants to get that? Exactly. Yeah. We should stand that. We don't want this friggin' murder or living around that fair. Right. I mean, that's fair. So it's like how he cleaned up. Yes. And God bless you, sir. Whatever you say. That's right. That's very simple. We don't want him here, okay? You want him in your neighborhood. If you want him in Liberty City, is he gonna move there? No. You want him in overtime? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. He wants to be on a white side. Because like I said, he's an unculton. He was still getting his big NFL pension and is still having his ass sucked. I all kinds of people. And it's like our buddy's sandwiched. You know, I just said the George Jordan and break. I finally figured out about sandwich bag our promotions guy. He's a celebrity stalker. He's a wannabe. So he latches on. Whether it's getting OJ's autograph. Whether it's sucking around with the old What's his name? Joey. Whatever the guy's name is. What's his name? Jordan Knight. Jordan Knight. Yeah. From the old kids on the block. Who's what? Was he 75 now? Jordan Knight. Uh-huh. Yeah. They were at the early board. Sam and Jordan Knight. Jordan had his teeth in a glass. Celebrity stalker. Yeah. Just the sniffing. The finass. I mean, here's a guy that told me within a one month period told me that in Ricae, Glysis has a smaller penis than Jordan Knight. And I said, well, how do you know that? He ran out of here like a bad out of hell. And with that today, I showed him the picture of the dead Andrew Koonannan. And he felt like he was looking in the mirror. He also ran out of here like a bad out of hell on that day. And you know something? If Andrew Koonannan were still alive today, he'd probably be looking for his autograph. Oh, my God. What are we going to do about this? I'm damn fat. I can't stand it. And look, and that he moved in here. But Lisa is the favorite blowman. It's a... Exactly. Thank you, Andrew. Eight minutes after one and five sixty WQMs. Take any bulls. Fuck them. Oh, yeah. They're blessing them. Because, you know, they're about three, about four. You know, they're not like that. They're like, I can't fool that at the moment. I don't know a crazy. They're like, I didn't do that. I wasn't like that. They're like, I'm just a little bit of a man. And he's selling the bull. You know, they're going to go to the... You know, they're going to go to the... You know, mum and she said, they don't want to... They said, I didn't do that at all. They said, they don't want to. They said, they made a whole nation. They're going to start doing this. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. They're going to be so awesome. Thank you. 114. It's 560WQAM 560560. I'm going to be on the 18TWL slide. I want to join our tremendously intellectual conversation that we're having here today. Very difficult topic. This one even tops the year 2000 business. We've got to go. And then the guy calls me, well, if you don't know if your next door neighbor is a murder or see in this case, we do know, say. And if you find out that your next door neighbor was a murder work, then you might want to try to get him out of the neighborhood and maybe you want to study your house. Like when he's finding one of these Nazi work criminals that's been hiding. Now, all of us are in the neighborhood starts petitioning the government and screaming and yelling. And let's get him deported and let's have him convicted in the audio. Yeah, it happens all the time. Because civilized people don't want to live around butchers. Oh, what a concept. Here's a Western. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is it true that juice is on the way from South Florida? He wants to. He wants to go to the ocean by or if you can clean up the neighborhood. The pilot on the government is Barry track and pot track related. Okay, 560 50 50 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T Wattles line. At least this guy's consistent. No material. Here's Miramar. Hello. I don't know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I wanted to to the contrary what you might think. I'm African American and I'm not old. I'm not old. I'm not old. Yeah. And personally, I think he's done it. My personal opinion. But the thing is he used the system that was given to him. We had verdicts that we didn't like on like the top of the Mac Duff. We started out with 12 cops and it came down to one and all of a sudden he got off the hook. Then he applied for a job and he wanted to give it to you. You want him living in your neighborhood? No, I wouldn't. But he applied for a job at Norby Village and they hired him. Yeah. So it was almost like a double slap in the face. So I don't man you jumping on old J because if you kill those people he's wrong. But the bottom line is I hope the train is big enough to put all of them in there. Just don't put old J in there. Let's put them all in there. It's when I said I was making a list and there were plenty of white people on it too. Exactly. That killed black people and nobody says anything about it. That's only from my hair. That never happened. Absolutely wrong when you say nobody says anything about it. When Mac Duffie got murdered, I was on the air here sir. Back in 1980, don't tell me nobody said anything about it. I call those cops murderers. That's exactly what they were. But nobody says anything about it. If you did, I'm not going to say you didn't do it. But if you did, if you want to have a few. Okay. If I did it. 560, 50560 on the 18 again again. Again, come back to the same thing and to race. I don't give a crap. What is color? Don't you understand? Can't you get it? No. No. God, almighty, when somebody kills you dead, you're just as dead whether they're 14 years old, whether they're 80 years old, whether they're white, whether they're black, whether they are believe in Buddha, it doesn't make any difference. It's unacceptable to a civilized society, which most of you know nothing about by the way, because you're not living in one. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Very new. Yes. How you doing? Okay. What's been the date? Violence breeds violence. And there would be a little sheerless white side of town. Yeah. You know, what's the date? I mean, you wouldn't want to murder a living next to you. I wouldn't want to murder that living next to my plan. I thought it was like a troll way. I just brought it up and now everybody's getting all bent on the shape. Like there's something there. There's a debate. Like you. Okay. There is no debate. Thank you sir. We've finally got a guy that narrowed it down to a very simple answer. There is no guy named debate unless you're a moron. Unless you're a mentally effective. Unless you're a massacre. Unless you're a scumbad sucker. Like some of the people in this building. That worship scumb. I've said you want things. Don't waste your money. You know, that stuff. High-licks and all of those stuff that's pretty stuff. Don't waste your money by an ad to clean up like your bathtub. We got scumb suckers right here in the building. They love suckers. They'll come to your house and just stick their tongue out. Think your whole tub, your shower, your drain. Whatever you got. The more scumb the better they'll look. They never found scumb that they wouldn't look in their lives. I have nothing but the greatest content. I can't even find the words to tell you. To describe you. The content I have for people who admire and worship scumbags. Just because they wore our celebrities. And I don't give a crap whether it's Robert Downey, Junior, I don't care who it is. Scumb, sobhuman swill. And like I said before, every one of these mass murders. Bundy, a burqawats, they all got proposals of marriage in a mail when they were in jail. They'd know difference. As long as we have scumb, we'll have scumb worshipers in America. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, how are you doing, New York? Yeah, I'm doing it to only probably black metal. It blew through 100%. Yeah, besides phone, we had Tony before. You're number two. On number two, okay. On number two of them. Yeah, I lived in Miami for many years. And I lived in a criminal. And he tried to stay in court last year trying to move down to the house. And he'd be like, hey, you can spend your money. You can stay as long as you want this within two weeks. But when you finish shopping at butt back to Buffalo. Right, amen. And I believe you 100%. Thank you, sir. God bless you. That's right. He's he. This is like a lot like when you go to the pool. You know, in your stick you're toe in there to test the temperature. Or like sticking your finger out the window to see which way the wind is blowing. That's what he keeps doing. And that's why I'm talking about it. I want to make sure that publicly people have a chance to say, we know he's a piece of crap. We don't want him here. And anybody that will crawl here and say otherwise, it would be like if my or landscape were still alive walking as little dog on my me beat some columns Avenue. And if I came on here just because he was Jewish and I'm Jewish and say, wow, he never stole a freight train. And he's a good neighbor to all those old Jewish ladies up. I mean, I'd be laughed off the air. And is there really so? Who gives a crap? What his religion was? His skin color is when are you people going to grow up? And the answer is never. Never. Because this country is all about one thing. That's the American fucking way. Hate. That's what it's about. Hate. Just like Tom Lears' man, the white people hate the black people in the Jews hate the glam and vice versa and you name it. That's all about. That's what the whole guy named World is about. Just like that story about the Orthodox Jews through and whatever they held they were through on Choskis at the lesser of the rest. Because the men in the women were praying together at the wailing wall. They were wailing on it. Bible says you can't do that. Yeah, it says the Bible says. Written by a bunch of people, Dumbledans saw us. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a lot of day of lake, Sillow. Hey, white power if I get... Okay, thank you so much. Whatever you say. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T Line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Going once. Going twice. Kendall, I hear I'm a babbling in the background. It must be plain grab ass, maybe with themselves. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, Nina, how you doing? Okay. All right. I've never heard more of a cannabis show in my life. More of a year. Wow, it's really great. It's great. No, wow. It's a good show. I mean, it's not a great topic, but it's really... It really gets you a... Yeah, the flavor of this town really about. Oh, yeah, right. It's a few of these colors. I'm not sure. After here, I didn't even know he was moving down here. When he was not definitely moving down, he's like I said. He was on his newer line of trial balloon. He's looking, he's thinking, and we're all saying, most of us are saying, oh, stay the hell away. Go move some hostels. Go move to Tempe, Arizona. Think about maybe starting up a hunger strike in my throat. Oh, right. There you go. Let's get the ACLU in our RB-Head. And I just had one thing and then I'll go. And I just want to believe it, which is about this... of the black thing. I agree with you 100%. And my view on this. On the fact that we'll accept just about anything. And when it's enough, as enough as never enough. I mean, we'll just keep letting everybody... Every piece that's come float on the shore. I mean, it doesn't matter. This come out open-heart. And we'll find a place for you. But what next on the whole will never care about any... Murder, another murder coming down here. But what is the kind of a statement is that? Blacks on the whole. How do you know? Are you taking a survey? Well, we have a hint. I can't talk today. It's not riotable enough. Oh, Jesus. Go back on... Call under the sheet. Will you please? Go back and stick your hood on the quarrel of the sheet. What a meany of. What a lunatic. What an asshole. God. In fact, you know something? I would trade him for O.J. I'd rather have O.J. Come and let's get O.J. in and send this asshole out. Man, are you an idiot? Christ. If... If we're brains, man, you'd be loaded. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say, I don't know why anybody's got up. An opinion on O.J. Moving down here. I mean, we'll want some murder next to you. I mean, you're not going to be a murder. I mean, we'll want some murder next to you. I mean, move it into your neighborhood. Yeah. We've got safe, nothing's changed. Seems pretty simple, don't it? Hey, you're... it is to me. I got a plate for him to go. I'm going to Cuba. Okay. For that, that's a good trifecta by the way. Mike Tyson, O.J. in Fidel. There's three guys. Does anybody want them in their neighborhood? No. No. Not that I know of. 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. This is a great exercise today. This is... like I said, this is the... the two... Year 2000 thing. I mean, that pales into what's significance compared to this. This is a masterful piece, a masterful demonstration of the attitudes of the populace's off-floor. I mean, if... if... Naval Lint, Naval Lint, rocket science, compared to the mentality of the people... Most of the people we've talked to today, including that guy, two calls ago. The hooded freak. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hi, God. Mr. O.J. is in my will. Yeah. This is what I'm doing quite well. I've got to take a little... I've got to take an off-bition rate of in time, so... And... They're fine with that. Okay, thanks. Whatever you say, okay, get the crap out of your mouth next time you call. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Sounded like Enes Dupina Shira with 20 pounds of corn cobs in this post. Here's my mebe, Chilla. Miami Beach. Going once. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Speaking. Yes, sir. Just to get off the old date thing, what about... Given Quentin's $400,000 a year, what's up with that? I think I really should've gotten... Yeah, okay. Whatever you say, pal. Glad that you're really civically involved, okay? Glad that you're a rocket scientist. Go back to New York, all right? We have enough of your kind here already. Go back to New York with your goddamn accent and your crappy attitude. We're not talking about Bubba today, okay? Final life. President of the country's making $200,000 a year, and this guy's worried about... Maybe they want to give them a little bit more, because they don't think it's enough. Jackass. In basul. Subhuman. Tird. 26 after one at 5. 60 WDC, I feel great today. You know how really do I feel fantastic. In sticking. For all of you who loved our pop-up wipes or babies, here's a new pop-up wipe just for a dose. Hey, yes, white. You talking to me? Yes, pop-in to you. Play you one. And ask white. You got one? Sure, here you go. Hey, babe. When you're on the go, you don't always have time to wipe really with toilet paper. If at all, that's when you use new ass wipes. The moist towel at an conde in pop-up container. Conning you're squirming in your chair. You didn't wipe properly, did you? Well, I was so darn busy today. I just didn't have the time. Here, you need an ass wipe. So I ever asked white so especially formulated to handle even the most stubborn, fecal fiascos. And they're said it. They give you that fresh, just white feeling. Say, though, that ass wipe you let me today was a real life-saver. I don't want it that bad. I'm your surat good. Yeah, I was pitching that new client, and I just couldn't stop thinking and scratching. In there. But that ass wipe left me clean as a whistle. And at mid-D-Fresh feeling, getting the confidence, I've even to land the account. Ass wipes available in your grocery. Things to wipe your butt with, fec. 1131 at 5.60, I figured that fit in real well with the conversation today. Here's a facts from a lady lawyer in Miami who says, Isn't it ironic that OJ State is what is he could prior to the murders? He would then have given, he wouldn't have given most of your black cars the time of the day. Then when he needed the most his blackness emerged. And not only that, let's say a once-to-a-ferther, after we got off the hook at a criminal trial, then all of a sudden he came white again. He didn't need to play the raceguard, and what it could be, he's like a comedian. Some days he's black, but most of the days he's white. See, if I would have said, you know, Brad Gumball's coming down to the soft floor, and wants to move in. And I can't stand him, not because he's black. He's all like almost white anyway. He's just barely black. He's just an asshole, no talent piece of crap. But if I said, Brad Gumball wants to move in and grow. But anybody care? Of course not. Nobody cares? Very simple point. And you know something what we had, the kids in Columbine High School out there, in Littleton, Colorado, killing each other. And what we had the episode up there in Atlanta, did we have any black colors calling it about that? No. He wanted to know why, because it was white kids, shooting out the white kids. So, you know, nobody gave a crap about that. But because this scumbag piece of direct happens to be black, all of a sudden that they what we have, 1623 by actual counts, calls from black listeners, making a big song in advance, and turning it into a racial thing again. Talk about neurotic friction repetition, man. And stop saying the fricking, by the way. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Any else? Yes, sir. You're under school or just how racially divided people are in this issue. I happen to work with a elected state official. What happens to be black? Very well educated, nice family man. On the day of the verdict was red. I was sitting in my office. He was in my boss's office. TV was on and there. I didn't want to go in there if I had this terrible sickening feeling that it was going to be a not guilty verdict. Soon as the verdict was red, he leapt up into the air, scream, yeah, yeah, he's free. He's not. I mean, I was so spicking by that. I can't even begin to tell you. I mean, it just made me sick that somebody like him, who I never, who would be the last person I would think who would put race before common sense. But he did. And then it's that just goes to show you. The race issue knows no boundaries. I mean, it's just incredible. And in his mind, he's a white guy. He's not even a real black guy other than just in our look at him. He's a white person. He's part of white society. Exactly. I mean, he, all the black people are called that he wouldn't live in your neighborhood. If you gave him a free house and fed him for free for next 30 years, he wouldn't live anywhere near you. You got that right. It's just terrible. I'll tell you what. And then, you know, I've got to get all the stuff to be moved down here. Okay, pal. Thank you. Teen jailed and stabbing it school by the way. I forgot that. That's the one Hollywood yesterday. We had a call about that. But of course, I couldn't verify it. Since we have news, the Department of MS radio station. Unless it's ball scores, we don't know anything. It's going on in the world. Which is pretty embarrassing. I mean, you know, we got CNN here. So if they're murdering each other someplace else out of town, it'll be on CNN. But if it's happening here, is there any chance we're going to know about it? No. And ongoing fight between two teenagers moved from their neighborhood streets to the hallways of AddX middle school and Hollywood yesterday. When a seventh-grader stabbed an eighth grader in the shoulder with a steak knife out of the way to the home room. Marcus couch 15 was taken in Memorial Regional Hospital where he was in stable condition. The suspect who was 13 years old and plays on the school's backs to ball team, which charged with attempted first to remover police. That is not being published because he's a juvenile, unfortunately. Unfortunately, that is named as being published because it should be. Because when somebody 13 tries to kill you, you're just as possibly dead as if he was 25. So at least we're not dealing with guns anymore. We're dealing with steak knives. Here's a mobile and a game. Shall I? Yeah. Yes, sir. I've spoken with a lot of people regarding this old Jason. What about this cover? When you talk to white people tend to be on the racist side, they're passionate and angry. When you talk to blacks, they sympathize with the racist part of it. Right? The blacks I know that believe me. What if the race have to do with somebody that murdered two people and called blood? What does race have to do with it? Okay. Black people are sensitive to the racial issue because it's a murder of a... Sir, what is the racial issue? What's the racial issue? Okay. When you hear people who are passionate and angry with OJ, you pick up that anger and act in for killing a white woman. They wouldn't just crap if she was black. Absolutely not true. I'm listening to people and I'm definitely not sure that there are people who are like that but the fact is that I mean, his wife could, his first wife was black. The victims could just as easily have been black. It just happened that they were white. He was married to a white chick. Exactly. I believe he did it. And I believe he should have been in jail. Right? But when I listen to some people, your anger isn't about a murderer killing another human being. Your anger is that a black man murdered a white woman and got away with it. And that's why some black people don't get behind OJ because they're not backing the murder back in the black man. They're seeing that these people are angry at black man. Sir, let me tell you something. Well, both groups of people that you're talking about are full of crap. Okay. Same rational people don't defend murderers. I mean, well, well, what kind of a conversation is this? I feel like, you know, I feel like I'm sitting here picking my nose, picking my eyeballs on, picking seeds out of my mouth. I don't know what kind of an exercise is this? Like, these are complicated issues. Man, oh man, like, this is difficult. Yeah, we got people who look at everything from my racial point of view. Okay. But the overwhelming majority of sane, rational people don't look at things that way. And the only reason that this story got so much attention wasn't because he murdered two white people because he was a big celebrity. That's why I got a lot of attention. Is that difficult to figure out? I guess it must be. Because it was OJ. There he go. OJ. You go OJ. You go, boy. Oh, don't say boy. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, 10th, 10th, 10th, 10th. And even the guy he had lived in the house, his house guy there. K-R-O, even he was white. There was, I'm not sure the pool guy that was probably a white kid too. There was nobody black and Brent would argue that. I bet you whoever picked up the garbage outside, they were probably white. That's how Luley white that part of LA is, okay. But he's a black hero. Okay, whatever you say. 22 before or two, with 560, WQA and Boz. Media is set or meet salt-downly. In the year 2000, oh did I say 3000, is that when everyone's supposed to die? In the year 2000, play the sound. We're gonna be more confused, but you'll allow despite the very deals it's good today. And I call them, they should go and say, Like, yeah, 28, 28, you're gonna go around and find that nothing has changed. Outside of Canada, they would say, Is due, by chance, their way of the crossing through the pool. In the year 3000, there's the young world having to kiss again. Baby, yo, as we know it will be dead. Will it be due to yesterday's death? In the year 3000, there's the sky's scattered. Will be so high, you won't want to drive. Thought we'll only keep you prime time, start to leave. And the president will be a huge world. Oh, right. In a million years, how about that? We're still right here. Go find something else to do. Your predictions will come true. And when you find the lies, perhaps you'll realize that all those years away. It's just another day. It's the year 5000, and I, who we go through this again. And here you are, we will be able to watch these days. I'm actually afraid to learn my gross off. I'm afraid to get the world. I'm sure that's been here more than that. You know, the people who often majority of the people who call it even the ones that are stuck in his ass, they start out to call by saying, well, you know, I know that he did it. I'm pretty sure he did it. But 145 at 5.60, WQAM. I also discovered another oxymoron, American intelligence. Here's Boka, hello. Hey, Neil, I got a little different take on this thing. I'm guaranteed you if you had maybe 50 black men and women in a room and you asked each one of them if they have either themselves been or they know someone who has been harassed by the police. Yeah. I would think that the majority of those people would probably say that they do. Yeah. And I think that's what you mean. Well, they're just, you know, they're so conditioned to expect the criminal justice system to, you know, target them. Yeah. It's just, it's just where is me on. I think we only got 15 minutes left. There's nothing complicated about this conversation. All I did was say, I saw a piece on a news last night that this murdering son of a bitch is looking to maybe move here again. And he's talking about buying a house in the grove and do you want him in a murderer living in South Florida? And we don't have to go through a whole long sociological examination of people's attitudes and the history of why they're anti-copyre, why they're perinoids. And you want a murderer living in the next door to that. So all the very simple thing is nothing complicated about this. Well, I can answer that. Very straightforward. Yes. I think the guy is guilty. I think he should have fried. Yeah. I think the entire cast of characters that were involved in that trial were probably the most authentic group of people that America could have assembled. Yeah. Starting with Johnny Cockron, Marsha Clark, Chris Darden, Bob Shapiro. I mean, how do you do she with you? Everywhere. Do you know, I mean, I know you know all of the people that were involved in that trial have, I would say, 90% have gone on to like, you know, a statement from the same in Portuguese. I mean, because the argument was on some, you know, 90% clock sitcom. I don't give a shit anymore. And I mean, it was just pathetic. The whole thing was just a big show. But the reason that I called, I wanted to call yesterday. Yes, sir. I want to know how in the world we got a governor like Jeff Bush elected him. Because a lot of stupid people went and he voted for him. That's why. It is pathetic. Is he the biggest puppet you've ever seen in your life? Yeah. He's a puppet of the right wing of the fanatic or right wing lunatic friends. That's correct. I know you read the thing yesterday, where he's trying to pass the reform on the, you know, the corporate, liabilities. Yeah. I've got another thing that I saw in the back of the paper about a week ago. I didn't get one call today about the, a choose life thing. I read it from Steve Bosch Gays column. He's gotten 48 letters of support in 1121 against on the choose life for license plates. I'm trying to put right wing political slogans on license plates to the state. And there's nobody this audience cares about that. Well, I mean, I know a lot of people that care. They may not be calling in, but they care. But I just know, I want the people of Florida to realize that the person that they elected is not the person that, you know, sitting up there and tell half that you've just got a bunch of, you know, big, court. They had no reason not to know. They all the information was there. All the evidence was there. And especially from the last time he ran four years ago, it was very clear that he was a puppet of the far right. And anybody didn't know that had to be a moron, but if you've been listening to that, you know, yeah, there's a lot of them. Yeah, there's that's the problem. We've got a lot of moron. That's how he got elected. I just wanted to tell the people out there that I read about a week ago, small part on the back of the page, pay for running this, you know, this keypast legislation making golf memberships. Tax deductible. Great. Now, you know, I'm fortunate enough to belong to a private golf club, but I don't want to, you know, make it a tax deduction. I mean, you know, I'm happy that I can do that. Well, a lot of multi-repl<|ja|> is like tax deductions for playing golf, so just demand your own business. Well, but that's how, you know, that's how they get such a, you know, a bad name, because they're doing well to start with, okay? And then they want to rub people's faces and it is a, not only are we doing well, but we're going to, you know, you had a knuckle under and get with the program sir or before it's too late. Let's do some change it out there. Have a great day. Okay. Let's do some change. And you got four long years, baby, four long years. You better start saying those denominational prayers, baby. Rubber was a rosary beat. Also, that's a Catholics. I don't know what those, uh, that's just do. What do they do? They speak in tongues. They decide each other. Are they tongue in each other? I'll tell you one thing, they sure gave it to the state of Florida, right in the old. 10, before two at five, 60, WQM.