S gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh Gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh gh ghивается in the cold cough's bomb of karma of three whor three whor Both in first quarrel were killing the those of WQAS, these these acquisition board that easily broadcast groups now, these old Rogers are support radio 560, 2A-TAM. And now it's time for our longest syndicatism. It's from Jody and he wants to hear how you all are living around Hacoberg. And you've been to several places for spring train I know but I remember I go back a long way to the one Yankees first came down here and they had trained all those years in St. Puzberg and what culture shock it was for them to leave St. Puzberg and come to Fort Lorodale with it which at that time was where spring break was happening you know and St. Puzberg you know what's happening there well because you've been to spring train and that's it it was nothing there right. Well I was in poor Charlotte for five years. When you were with the did you ever go to St. Puzberg Nope for spring train never did? Nope nope but 90s before that I was in Arizona Yeah right with the giants. How is it coming over to the American League you looking forward to it? Uh been in the American League five years now. Yeah so I'm not uh I'm not unfamiliar with it I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team here. Choosing a doctor is difficult enough but when you practice an alternative lifestyle it becomes a major challenge. I know and I spread my cheeks from I quarterly physical so on a physician will be gentle and take his time probing my well you know. So if you want a doctor who is well let's say light in the loafers you need to call 1-800-50. I mean who else will understand your fascination with your to Garland really? Call today. Okay. 10 out to the 560 WQM happy at Tuesday 2 a.m. Well this overhead sounds really strange today every day everything's a little bit different but I just discovered since we're now like you know our second week in these great new studios which are original best it all. I mean it's got new paint new walls and everything that's in and there's basically a bunch of direct even one of our sales people is well several of our sales people including the one that's partying people's faces. How do you like to have a big fat guy? I don't want to mention rhymes with Jeff high. Who like farce in people's faces and things that it's fine. Huh? Are you did you make that up this because you hate it like poison? What what do you think we all hate everyone hates it because he's obnoxious? Pally and shifty and dangerous. He's perfect and overbearing and full of crap. We don't like you Jeff. Stay away. We can't stand you. We're nauseated by you but the idea that I mean this guy weighs what 7800 pounds he's the idea that he's farting in people's faces around the building brings back memory of that story we're talking about the a theorem episode but we're still out of the second fourth I got. We've got talk about my cup on it over with love. Woo. Yeah, it goes in there and somebody haven't had any of you know stuff to tell it with with too much toilet paper and you know there was over flooded just jammed up jammed up in jelly tight wasn't that the name of the song. And he and somebody courses occupied the other stall while I guess he had to go so bad when you weigh 900 pounds you know when you're full of it can't hold it in. What are you going to do do you're going to do do do do do do do do do do do. By the way, the good news is I don't have to buy stuff a desk oh yeah there you go just like the satellite dish that they got over there in the sports nerds now the other side of the hall there and see the way it works here is this is that we got a bunch of pushies around here who won't see anything. Not to the big cheese they won't open up their mouth because they're for their job. So all the promises are made and nothing happens. Then I go on the year and I am bearous to God with a bad haircut in the mono, which I sure as hell I hope he stays out here today with his mononucleosis. That's how dumb he is, okay? Our general manager is so stupid. He's got mono and he's walking around the building yesterday, leading on people. Exactly what we need, right? Oh, somebody would like a highly infectious, like if he walked in and said, my doctor said I got leprosy, but I don't feel that bad so I came in today, you know? Yeah, let me reach out and put someone. Absolutely unbelievable. So, you know, the thing happened with the satellite dish, remember I was going to buy it? I was going to pay for it. And then all of a sudden, miraculously one showed up there and they stuck that in there. And now the same thing with dust desk, which I was going to pay for from our friend Joe Resoli at Rothoff's office, apply, which I can never remember. Well, he don't look Jewish to me. And never less, so you know, I was going to do that enough is in here this morning, who is a nice guy that's a biggest limp I've ever met. And maybe that's why, does it start at the top and I'll kind of run down to the rest of the rub's off? I've never worked with such a bunch of wimpy guys and this is supposed to be the Macho sports station. They're all a bunch of proceeds. We're like, we had to get the water thing in there from our friend. They call it a man, we had to get that thing in there, because they're terrified to go down a hall to the water not to be coaxial, bit your mouth. You know, because she's so goddamn important. Another thing is all of a sudden, oh yeah, Greg decided he's ordered dust, a desk for a duck it's on a way. He had ordered a desk for a duck like my name is on her phone, okay? But now that I've embarrassed him into what again, you know, there's, it's one thing to be cheap. It's another thing to be niggardly. And Greg, you and your beastly boys, the guys at Lali asleep in the dumpster overnight, you are the most niggardly people in the history of this business. Now I'll give you an example. Now we have, remember we moved in these great new studios a week ago yesterday and the deal was, oh, now it's said that one crappy old car machine that we had downstairs, which worked okay, by the way. Finally, after they got rid of that other piece of crap, we had one. And how many carts do we play? Not too many are obsolete pretty much. Now we got a triple deck here. All right, only problem is, wait till you hear what it sounds like. How do you like that? And of course, is it going to stop? Is it going to queue up? No. You'll see. I buy it on the floor. What's with that? Sounds like most of the commercials on this station. Like it's coming through a hundred pounds of mush. I buy it on the floor. Oh, oh. And I saw this morning, I'm sitting here, fiddler with these things, wondering what the hell is going on? Because I had some old jingles, I was going to play. And I realized these carts are old, so I thought maybe it was the cart, then I'd try another cart, and it also sounds like crap. That's dragging the things going to run through by the way. It's still running. Of course, it's not about a two and a half minute cart. It's an old Roger Magdalene thing. By the way, Henry Bear on Roger, off. Oh, I'm waxing. I got a waxing fire report. How do you like that? Yeah, I won't. Well, is it going to stop? No. That would run forever. Good timing that. Yeah, it was good. I'll give you a better one. I'll give you a real good one. Okay, if I can just put this in here, let her run all day. Oh, god. Yeah, in cart machine number two. And they'll just go, just go, just go, just go like an endless loop all day. Mad dog going. Oh, right. Come on. One more time for the West Coast. Come on, Jim. Mad dog. One more time. Good. Oh, god. Good. Thank you. So there isn't one of these. Do you remember you said two out of the three work? All I can say is wrong. None of the work. So this morning I look in the machines, where you stick the carts in, and I look at the heads. The heads are all scratched up This, you know, something they must have found this cart deck in the same dumpster that they sleep in the beeswaves. In my lifetime, I've never, I've worked in about six million radio stations over the last 2000 years. I've never seen a cart deck or a cart machine that had heads that were so it's like somebody took a goddamn sludge hammer like OJ, you know, couldn't find anybody else to slice. So we just took his wrath and anger out on a head done this cart machine. He used to slice an up head. So we figured why to hell not. I mean, if you look at these, you'd like puked. And if you think I'm exaggerating about how cheap this outfit is, then we get a builder's morning from Direct TV. This is, this is the best. And one bother me except that it's in my name allots in the arages with serenostral person, but nevertheless, past do not, how do you like the ways that big big letters pass through from Direct TV? We got our own satellite dish. We got our own TV. We got our own VCR inside the TV. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and thanks to our friends that digital world satellite. Digital world satellite. That's for them. We love them. But we got, you know, we, so what do we get, what do we pay for? We, we, we, we have a, we pay for basic, the bare minimum, the bare minimum. And that's what they're paying. Do we have like the extra sports packages? No. Do we have like any option packages or any movie things? No. No, nothing. Just a bare, basic bare bones, the as you get. So here's a bill from Direct TV. Do immediately pass, do 82, 90 cents. Your account is passed. Do pre-cent payment of me, mail the wasp, which they're supposed to be playing in the back there. Do they pay their bills in a shoe height? No. And it's just amazing. It's, it's niggerly. That guy up there in DC, when that episode happened a few weeks ago, he must have been thinking about this place because it's one thing to be cheap. Everybody out there knows people are cheap. These people are way beyond cheap. These people are cheap to the point of absurdity of being obnoxiously cheap. And they're not even, you know, the audio stereotypes. Here's a guy that's this cheap. Okay? The bees, they're all glam. All can say that is. Oh, come on, it's active. Tenant, your cheap station five 60 QAM. By the way, really enjoy Hank out there at that ballgame yesterday. I was a fun experience. Had so much fun to give, but you've found me the psychotic. The drink of bigger garbage. But the good news is that cheap new or self-aware, but everybody knows that it's LA. They lecturers walk every day. And now the last of her eyes, thanks to your psychophage why, who had a cheap estate life? A new radio was a lame show except that two were there. And some character from his kids, some long, some long, some more that they saw life with that last and long, but she left too no choice. Good night, Troy, they've flown that you may know from such. Bill said that, I'm a dynamic murderer of all kinds of guns. And honey, I just blew your head off. Now, line up, I can't get rid of. What are you saying? I'm telling you, said anyway. Now they're saying I'm falling for the is it okay to set the reason you left anyway? And it's just that you die so don't your psychotic rise with a cheap estate life? And the difference will be the same again. No. And I thought, right, your psychotic estate, please just sign. It's a good thing you said for now they've passed the fence. That bitch you had for a while. See, I felt that's 17 at 5.50. WQA, I'm happy Tuesday, Troy. Go on, I've got a whole new outlook on life today. By the way, on my home scale this morning, I hate this scale, by the way, you know what the problem is? No, seriously, when I take my vitamins and my medication on my crap and morning I drink a lot of water. Well, of course, if you're like fat all your life, you learn the little tricks of the trade. You don't get on the scale after you've been bived anything. You understand what I'm saying? You pee your brains out. Then you get on the scale and you say, yeah, one 99 on the real scale, not to make believe scale this morning, but on the real, because I have two side by side, depending on which mood I'm in. And lately, I haven't been in the mood for the real scale. One 99 on the real scale. It's the first time I've slipped under 200 needle long, long, long time. And all these sales assholes out there don't be bringing any food in here, okay? Under penalty of Philharmon the disease. Get in sick and tired of making myself sick and tired from a bunch of sales holes. They want to keep up for a speeding. I love my friends dependant Jerry's, but save her all away. I want to say how to a Deborah and my good buddy, Frankie of it, or a public yell, embarrassing. I go to public's lines tonight to pick up a few things. And I'm online there. Why is it in Florida? We say online. Is that a juicing online? Anyway, so I'm standing in line. And some other people are front of me who are also listeners of mine. They nod and he, you know, whatever. And the girl Deborah was in the name I made special notice. I said, I'm going to mention you on the ear to my Deborah, your nice young girl. But, uh, uh, oh yeah. Where do I know you from? In the meantime, these other people are got their groceries going. And she's like not paying an awful lot of attention to cash in the mountain. I'm starting to feel like you're like, stop talking to me Deborah. And I'm saying like some inane things. They're like whammy sucks. And I was embarrassed to be on here. And I'm on a radio about, I said, you don't listen to AM. Do you see girls, especially women in general, but young women don't listen to AM radio. No. In fact, most people don't listen to AM radio. Nobody with a brainless is the AM radio. No. Except to this show. And why did they send handcuffs there yesterday that ballgame? He had to slap all the way up there to Viera, which is somewhere in Yenemisville. And they send him up there and there's a ballgame, a monogame, a background that nobody cares about. And every now and then you hear, get on. I realize the final score was like 100 to 99 or something like that. But nobody cares. But every now and then handcuffs him. And you just, uh, fumble the ball and center field. That's going to be a two-way area. And then we go back to whatever he was talking about. I mean, what's the point? Why did they go through? There is more make work, make busy kind of stuff. You know what I'm talking about that goes on here? And of course, the more that crappy do, the more likelihood that you're going to have all kinds of technical disasters and dead air and people getting cut off at a middle of a show, which we have on a regular basis here, because they're always trying to do stuff. They're really for the most part, isn't necessary. All of you straight. That's right. I mean, they have enough trouble just putting a car machine in here that works. You know, that would have been sound too bad. I did it. Not too good. Well, that's the error run through anyway. That's got no luck in it. Oh, God. So anyway, Deborah, and, uh, she's going on and on and that course, she finally says, well, you know, I listen to FM, I listen to Howard Stern. And my buddy Frankie, you came rushing over a course because you wanted to well, you know, engraved you himself. You're a good guy, Frankie. Do something about those bits. But, uh, and take my groceries out for me. Uh, he got like kind of a sour look on his face when she like, Deborah, I'm not really interested. Okay. And Howard's burned. I'm not interested. She, she, she, she had seen me evidently on whammy somewhere along the line and made such a big to do about it. And he's poor other people. I'm thinking, just cash them out, put their stuff, you know, get this stuff. I get them out of here. And stop making them feel because I'm the one that looks like the asshole because she's making a big song that ends about me. By the way, speaking of public slice, that I found a great product. And, you know, you people out there, you audience talk about letting us down. I realize that listening to Hank yesterday when Hank starts begging for calls. Is there anybody interested in anything he's going to, then I know it's just the audience has died and we'll have to wait for a rebirth someday that ever happens. I sat here for an hour this morning. I saw two lines lit up on the year for the morning guys. So the phone is dead. You know, we got one on their now, they can wait or not. I don't care. But you've let us down because first of all, if you're going to try to lose weight on the rankings, every time somebody finds a great product, that's got almost no carbs. We ought to be hearing about it. The most important thing I should have heard about is the MTV summer break thing. They were talking about it on the morning show this morning, driving in and they were talking about summer break on him. TV, nobody told me anything about that until now. So now this morning, I'm sitting here and I'm channel surfing all over the guy in place. Is it on today? Oh, I don't see it. Spring, and I say summer break, spring break on MTV where they're all these basically naked, young college students running around and in some cases actually naked would like a shaving cream on, right? Or they check or board out the, yeah, but I hear in some of the scenes, they were like actually running around like basically naked as a jibble, a little shaving cream on their whatever parts. Huh? Now, all people in the world that want to see that, do I want to see that? Yeah, FNA baby. No spy reports on that. But I found a great product at publics yesterday for those people who are like on the rankings, or any of those diets, a current carbohydrates, which makes all of a sense in the world. Don't become no fat grams or calories, because that's a bunch of bull crab. Team Marzetti's salad dressings. That's an aim. There's a whole line of, I don't know how many carbs in the other ones because I like blue cheese myself. Team Marzetti's chunky blue cheese. It is so delicious. You'll just, you'll have, you'll be cutting from it. Two tablespoons, one gram of carbohydrates. Two tablespoons, one gram. How do you like that? And it is great. It is unbelievable. It's not watery. Like there's some other ones that are like almost no, well this has almost none. But it's like got real big chunks of blue cheese in there. It's delicious. Or those you were like big chunks? Man, that could stop. Team Marzetti's chunky blue cheese salad dressing. I will admit, I actually stuck my finger in the thing and a little bit of, not in the store at home. I'm not one of those slabs that eat stuff in the store, which you all see that all the time, by the way. Well, you've never seen that? Oh, yeah. Trailer trash. Sure. Trailer trash. They open stuff up and their kids are eating stuff, you know, and they got the empty candy wrappers. If they're honest, which usually they're not, they got the empty candy wrappers in the shopping cart and they just stick those on account of other groceries with their KY jelly and whatever else they got. Speaking of KY jelly, by the way. And, you know, this is another one of these things that just makes my blood boil. I'm so sick and tired of hearing this. And I'm sick and tired of people who admire scumbags. And this radio station, by the way, is basically 20 hours a day, a scumbag, a slicking station. And by the way, Joe, to Maggio, was an asshole. Are you aware of the fact, I thought somebody made that up, you know, right there when he died a couple weeks ago that business about, after he retired, every event, every ball game, every event that he ever went to when he announced, you know, a bunch of celebrities, the mayor, this former player, he insisted that he had to be announced last and he had to be announced as the greatest living baseball player in history, greatest living baseball. That was part of the deal where he wouldn't show up. And he was supposed to be humble, Joe, he had an ego bigger than his uh, that's what Marilyn said. That's why she never had the big, uh, good Joe, the big old with Joe. I'm telling you, you remember that's thing I bet on the other day, it must have been a news week, it must have been true, right? So he was in a way kind of an asshole. I'm not putting him in a league with these other people. I don't think he ran around uh, impregnating women all, of course he was a Italian guy. Well, it must be a cultural thing, huh? Because now the new deal is that Gary Sheffield is accused. It's alleged to be a daddy again. And I'm reading the article here about this mirror, Marwoman, Wandra Kerry, a language teacher, mommy, data, lunchroom school, astral, they've paternity suit against the multi-millionaire ball player. Gary Sheffield. He's an asshole. We know that. The 38-year-old Kerry alleges that she and Sheffield, 31, had an affair last spring. They broke up with you. You got pregnant Kerry claims just before Sheffield traded to the Dodgers. And it goes on about this and about that and he don't want to care about her. You don't care about the kid and he don't want to support it. He's thought to have made by the way, 17 and a half million dollars last year. Kerry makes $2,862 and 16 sent a month. Pronto servers handed Sheffield the lawsuit when the Dodgers played the Oreos at 4 Lauderdale Stadium on the March 8th. He hasn't till this weekend to respond. And I'm reading this stuff and of course it's kind of like her word against his until you get to the last paragraph of Jose de Lambe, Disapplote insider, his columnist on sent a lemon. You get to this. You start believing her word because it says, if Gary is Sheff's kid, Sheff. I love the way we have to you know, Sheff because he's a jug. Like you know, Steve Shapiro, Sheffield. Hey, Sheffield. How you doing, Sheffield? They all got to know it's another fact thing, you know, slap each other on the old uh... And hold hands. It's Garrett Ishaev's kid. He would be Sheff's fourth child with four different women. Trying to catch up to that event or holy moly Fee. Baby, none of whom he's married to. I'm here for Gary Fee and Jeffy. He's written the seed baby. Planning it. It's a cultural thing. Huh? That's our poll question today is, how come so many shfarts here's are making babies that they're not married to the mother? Huh? Which is only half a word and Detroit. Mother. That's our poll question. I'm serious. I'm sick and tired of it, man. I'm sick and tired of people making millions of dollars for being scumbags, whether it's Mike Tyson, the by the way, he's got to spend at least another month in jail. For that. tired of it. I'm turning you assholes out there who suck up and pay money to subsidize this so crap. In fact, what we ought to have, you have them start doing a sending money to all these mothers. Instead of sending the money on a paper view for those bogus fights, like with Holy Field, that bogus fight that he was sending the money to all these mothers that are trying to support these kids with no daddy running around. You're a jack. Come on everybody. We don't want to play a game. We be picking kids around. Can he find a community? You take the money to the poor. It must be stupid to make it right. Check out what I've been kicking. You have it down and don't. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let me do. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. No. This be as an engineer. You have to pay the money to pay the money to pay the money. Oh, right. Who's that old? Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. You be coded. You don't need to pay the money to pay the money. You're locked behind the typhoon. His heart's beating is30. He is using the chest drum. I don't think I can do that. I don't think I can do that. I think I can do that. How can we do it, sir? Come on. We're talking to some of you. Yeah, it's like putting a pig in a mint coat. That's what it reminds me. It's still a pig. And all the excuses that people make you know, here's somebody that's making $17 million last year and he's running around making babies, okay? Oh, but it's a cultural thing, you know, right? I want to hear one guy damn excuse from somebody in this audience of all this irresponsibility. Maybe they all want to be on a jury spring or show. I think that's what it's all about. Got just trailer trash. We got more guy damn trash running around here. No wonder we got all that dumpster's popping up here. Everyone here looked. There's another big guy damn dumpster. And usually you see one of the bee's leaves head crawling over the top. So anyway, I'm a little spirey for it on Waxy this morning. Did I hear Henry Beard? Oh, no. Or Roger Mug, a maggot? No, didn't hear either one of them. Because I guess Henry Beard has just retired. Spide of those big numbers that they had on here. The worst person was telling us about. Maybe that's what put them over the edge, you know, when I read those numbers on your last Friday. Oh, I guess we got nobody listening. Kind of our, like, how's here on QAN? So they got a kid and I do mean kid. They must have got this kid like out of elementary school somewhere. You know, radio wannabe. Oh, those of us who wanted to be in this business when we were kids. We used to sit and, you know, announce ball games on watching the TV and sit and read the news out of the newspaper. And I like who were newscasters. And that's what I was doing this morning, pretending to be a newscaster. He made Lenin Martez sound like watercrunker. Seriously, he made guilty sound like Westbrook van Voorhees. Like Edward Armero. That's what he made guilty sound like. And then he's going on, he's, I mean, bumbling and funding can't get five words straight. And he goes out about the American dollar. I was a strong against the European series. But down against the Japanese yen. And when he said, Japanese yen, I just have dropped a load in my pants in my pantalones. The Japanese yen. I had a yen to just put my fist right through that speaker, you know. But hey, it's Waxy, baby. They got some nice jingles on there, though. That's why that's why I was jinglery at the this morning. Because I thought, well, I heard some, they got some old, which are the original Waxy jingles I guess from the old, the Waxy FM. Does anybody remember that? Those days? Oh, no. And Ricky Tickie was on air and the Budel. Remember Waxy? You know what it was and all that was like on FM and like a real radio station? See, that's criminal. They should never allow that to be done. Kind of the end. It was a great station. But it was a pretty good station. They played pretty good music. And Spiderman Shaw, net the stalagver, a smelly cap. And then they let them take those letters and put it on the AM station as Jefferson Pile, which is the worst piece of garbage. And by the way, speaking of bad stuff. Because I'm desperate in the morning and I got my beautiful new car, by the way, which is you see that. Huh? By the way, Greg Nelson is God at Lou Bacro. There is the, you know, I'm always talking about how most sales people are ransacked. There is the sales guy they should make in a ward too. He's a great guy. I was there like 35 minutes yesterday. Bingo. But I'm eating out of both sign this. Here you go. Here's the keys have a nice life. What a great guy. And Lou Bacro Chirvalier from Pompano Beach. Greg Nelson for president. Oh. Good guy. What was I just saying before I interrupt their myself? See, I got somewhere in the morning. I am desperate in the morning in desperate at night and desperate in the afternoon. Most seriously, I mean there's just nothing to listen to. And I'm not going to listen to these guys. I mean there are good guys at least two of them anyway in our morning show. Am I going to listen to that? Oh, of course not. Not interested in hearing about how Robby need him. I was banging Nicky in this way. I don't care. It's old news. Okay. It's boring. I want to even Greg Regis came in and it was his model. No, Cleosis breathing on me. It's tell me that he saw Sunday the thing on MTV on Springbreak. And the guys were there long so swingin' in a breeze with the was shaving cream on it. Huh? Well, I mean those things when you're naked, they don't just stay like stationary unless you've got a lot like a tie down. Like, or horse you have a tie down. Unless you've got a strap to your thigh, they tend to flop around a little bit with your movement. You know, if they're big enough, mine you never notice. It's kind of like stationary like a button mushroom. But I mean, you know, and evidently we're talking college kids, you know what I'm saying? Write up my territory. Write in my, yeah. And then he's a depot made some kind of, I did hear that part. That's what I heard. That's why I got desperate. About some, some retard who was sitting in the audience at him to 50 year old guy. What's wrong with that? What 50 year old guys do want to see a bunch of naked college students. Female, male, maybe both, whatever. Maybe maybe a dead 50 year old guy. And how old are you? Two, by the way, default, what were you watching for? You old pervert? So I missed out on that. I'm really pissed off about. I'm foaming at the mouth. I'm just, I missed my chance. All the way, I was during the break. When Greg Reed was in here, I should have put that in queue and played that. So here you go, Greg. And by the way, we handed him the direct TV bill. I said, hey, tell your redneck partners to pay their bills. Ascle, seriously. And you know, now I got to see, now I got to go out. I don't have to go to Ruth Chris with Gregory for doing it because he's got Mono. I'm not going to say, you imagine sitting at a table or a whole family of people that's got Mono, imagine that? No, no. But rumors taken us this weekend. And guess who's pan? I know. I don't believe it. Rumor is pan for dinner this weekend. How are you? And when he says, pull me that yesterday, mark this down in your book. All you panther people. Everybody had connected with the organization. Rimmer promises to pay for dinner at Ruth's quest this weekend. I see probably what he did. He called the manager that nicely gave you that. Loves me to a surprise for a new Rogers. I'm bringing Neil Rogers this weekend. You remember Neil Rogers, you know, waiting for them to bring another one of those cards to the table. That's as always wonderful to have you. Please accept this meal. I want to make sure they don't bring one of those cards this weekend. I want Rimmer digging deep down into his pocket for all those still musty credit cards that haven't come out in in years. Can you imagine what those things must have smell like? They start. Yeah. You were in a thing being in moth balls. Jesus, God Almighty. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQA. Maybe I'll even get a facem doctor mark today. I had a message on my machine yesterday from him. I wish to visit my new car. I don't give it. More. We're looking at hand inches. Oh, right. Hello. Hello. Hello. My name is Alex. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. My name is Alex. You call that a clip? Well, now he's going to court here in England. And the jewelry will give them a chance. By the only thing that you can't prove is the evidence inside the same. You feel like we have reached, okay? No. Does he stand up real close in the can? Or like this we have for conspiracy. Don't be chuffed to avoid me in England. And proud of love. And he's my size in life. And proud of love. And his size in life. And proud of love. And his name is Alex. That's what he fired the five six year. How long is my size in sentence that's what we wanted. Well, when they're in the throwaway to God damn key, okay? And save all these idiots out there. More on their 50 or 60 or 70 bucks that they keep paying for their fight of the mud. They're out fixed fights. One of the month club. And by the way, speaking of you, Vander Holy Moe, I'm the father of the company. I thought George Washington was the father of our country. Come to find out. You guys with much darker compressions than George Washington. You've had your holy molyfield Gary Sheffield. They're the fathers of our country. Investigators say a million dollars bet on Holyfield before the fight. And by the way, that bitch that judge. Oh, she couldn't see nothing. Yeah, she had an obstructed view scene. She couldn't see nothing. That's why she scooted all up. A late flood of money, perhaps more than a million dollars was bet on a vendor. Holy molyfield, the father of our country. Just before he stepped into the ring with Lennox Lewis and another or a phony fight, drawing the attention of investigators. The Nevada gaming control board confirmed Monday. Then it's looking into the best made a number of Las Vegas sports books in the hours before the Maristar team fight and Madison Square Garden. Almost all of them on the ended up being refunded to better when the fight was ruled of draw. They're probed by gambling regulators comes on top of investigations by Manhattan Grand jury, a state Senate committee, and the New York state athletic commission area go. But you smucks out there, keeps spending your heart earned money so you can get sucked in again. You can play it about OG. We was robbed. That was yeah. What a surprise. You know, it's like ordering a steak of Denny's. OG, sure what is what I expected. What do you think of people like Ode Denny's in order to restate? You know what? It's like people that go in the 7-11 to do their shopping. Do you know what I'm talking about? Have you ever been a convenience store? I don't see it very often. But once in a while, you're going to get a soda or whatever candy bar. Pack of faggots. And you go in there and you're staying together and the person in front of you is shopping and a convenience store where everything is like at least 50% more than it is in a supermarket. Now that is a cultural thing. Here's a candle. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Have you gotten a chance to re-davage a new article before you're in the house? About one. About the Panthers. No. You got right to huge article. It takes about half the page. And not one. Does he put the word Caroline in there? They have a better chance or not. Catching Caroline in there. Good chance. Caroline is Caroline is 10 years old. They're on a spot like my leased. They've got the pounded last night by St. Louis. And there were only 5 points ahead of the Panthers. More accurately. That's what people ought to be talking about. Is the Panthers actually if Brewery ever gets his ass back? They could wind up on the third seed by winning the division. They got two games in hand on Caroline. Right? Caroline is falling like a tumbling rock. Exactly. And David, Jamie, you know, what do you expect? No, one. In fact, you only think I did see. You know, I got glancing there to see if I can eat trades because it is a trading deadline. By the way, are we going to get an information about that here? No. About the last minute trades. I'll see if clock is the trading deadline. In fact, I don't know. I'm glad you mentioned him. But I turn on the ESPN news. Yes. They can be a huge day. Yeah, it is because there are being 8 million trades. The islanders, everyone on their teams gone capital. Right. And the caps are out there out of the playoffs. What do you think we'll do? Yeah. Nothing. Oh, maybe now they're saying maybe we'll get Boris Miran off from Chicago. Yeah. I wanted to make the deal with Edmund. Let's get Boris Miran off. Wow. Real defense. Many good defense. Many good offensive defensemen. There's somebody we could really use on his team. Very true. Right. Everyone still talks about, oh, we can't catch Boston. Who cares? I mean, Boston is on a roll. They do that. They do that. They do that. Obviously, if you add your choice, you'd rather catch Caroline. Oh, because then you got home advantage. You number three. I don't know what's sending the David J. News. Look at that. Yeah, what he's trying to do. He's too busy for anybody's uniform. Have a great day, pal. Talkie call. How do you like that? You like that? No. Rembers taken us to dinner this weekend, by the way. Be sure to tell the whole team. They'll laugh. 5.6705. 60. Pomp 5. 60 on the mobile one line. We're talking today about people that make illegitimate babies by a whole bunch of different women. Does anybody care about that? No. Is it a cultural thing? No. Is that what it is? Is that the excuse that we have all these goofballs that are making an and they're the best part. I can understand, you know, some shruck, some piece of crap, some uneducated, well, sorry, some idiotic piece of garbage. Who's making like, maybe doesn't even have a job. Who just, you know, a horny bastard running around the school and everything with a dress on. And he just, you know, leave in town and go a drift or a folder. But guys that have got money, guys that are multi-millionaires. The event or holy moly feels the Gary Sheffields of this world. Then they are running around and preignating women. Like this is some kind of a cultural thing. Like we're supposed to be reproducing like cockroaches. Here's a mobile and dear field beach. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I want to just change, change, shift a little bit. What do you mean by that? Well, I want to just talk about bringing important stuff here for 15 minutes. See, this goes right in line with what I'm talking about. I'm doing a show here. Now, what do you want to talk about? Okay, I just thought, um, I mentioned something in reference to, you know. I got this other guy. I mean, he's a good guy. But nobody cares about hockey in this town. They don't know anything about the, they know a Boris Miranoff or Boris Kalloff. He, yeah, here you go. Oh, by the way. From the beginning, Chris Rich. Congratulations on your new car. Thanks. What type of car do you get? What do you mean what type of car do I get? Well, what type of car do you buy? What do you think I bought? Is that? Of course. Oh, good. See, see. Can't do one. Okay, now what did you want to talk about? Okay, let me, all right. Let me just talk about the phone this week. This is the week that the phone just died on QAM on every show, every year from pillar to post. Really? And I think you may be adding another new bubble. See, I'll give you the benefit of the dot, go ahead. Okay. Basically, you know, when you purchase a new car, they give you, you know, all the information as far as warranties, everything else, and they suggest that you do regular maintenance on it. Yeah. I purchased a car about probably about a year and a half ago. Yeah. I purchased a Hyundai and a Hyundai. Why did you do that? I don't know why did that. I didn't do that. I guess I must take it away. It's a baby car. That's a car for children for like 10 year old kids. Yeah. That's like a learner's car. I hear you. I hear you. But I was all eating car. I hear you. But anyway, my point is this is you know how they tell you that you need to do regular maintenance. So I like come in for like a 20,000 mile check and just check and all this stuff. But the thing is, I'm looking at the price this year and I'm saying like for, for let's say a 27,000 mile check, they check, you know, your oil, they check your tires, you check your brakes, they take your brake pads. Wait, wait, wait. Tell me you're going to go 27,000 miles before get the oil changed. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. My point is this. What is your point? My point is that when you see the prices that that they charge it all, see what it's you do like I do. Don't keep your car 20,000 miles. Only slupperes do that. Okay. Well, my car's no, my car's gone. My car's gone. My car's gone. In fact, this car I just traded in at 13,000 miles. I said, that's an unlucky number. I'm trading this thing in. Really? That's right. Let me actually just do believe that because say, they turn around. They're dirty. When they when they say that, you know, you need to do regular maintenance on it. And they want you to come back and bring it in. I mean, these maintenance checks that they do cost you anywhere from $200. And higher $200 to do one. To do. So, I don't think you get the extended every dealer has got some kind of a for a few bucks. And it almost makes no difference in your payment. Everybody's stick right in your payment. For a few extra bucks, they do the extended maintenance thing. And you go in and all of that stuff is free. Why don't you do that? Yeah. I didn't take any extra. Should have done that. You want that. So get rid of that piece of crap and go get a real car and do it to right away. That's my advice, you sir. Take it from a guy that knows from a guy that buys a new car every few months when he's in the right mood. Like yesterday. Let me say it again. Greg Nelson. There's a good guy. See, if I meet somebody in this town that knows what they're doing. That's a good person that treats you right. I'll be the first one to come on here and say it. I can't help it that we have a lot of incompetent assholes around here. And I'm mostly in this business, by the way, but not exclusively. And by the way, don't buy this book. If you already did I apologize. I'm not going to give you a refund. Just three months fee for book by Gary Indiana. With a finish now. First two thirds of the book. Very well written. Brilliantly written. There's a lot of really funny stuff. Very provocative stuff. Great. Okay. The last three of the book. It's kind of like the dusty springfield wreckage. You know, wherever I said they held a gun to her head and the, or the band leader. And you got like, with the stopwatch. You got to finish before you're at a two minutes comes up. And so the song is like about a minute and 48. They made sure they were. You can hear it during the song. They're speeding up and singing so fast. It's like they're on a helium. Well, they must have done the same thing during Indiana because all of a sudden he starts writing in a course. What he gets to the part where everybody's just about dead except Coonanne. And it's all, and even before that part where they were like in the David, Madden Department, it's all made up because there are no witnesses to any of it. So the whole last three of the book with except a couple of police reports, which are pretty boring by the way, it's all made up. It's all his imagination. And very poorly. I mean, I have never read a book before where like two thirds of it was so interesting and so fast dating and so I really got into it. And then the last three was like, hey, this guy must have just had a brain form. That's okay. I'm done. And 25 bucks for a book like this. 25 bucks for a book that's 250 pages. There's to think that I'd like have to charge you by the page. That's an awful lot of money for a book that's two thirds of a book and is only 250 pages. But it does have the new picture of Coonanne and looking just like Sam the sham. Haven't seen him lately, by the way. Thank God. Now if we can just get rid of Greg Reed till he heals up on that mono. Seriously, isn't that irresponsible? If you have mono nucleosis, should you be in the office running around exposing other people to a highly infectious disease, which by the way makes you really very sick. I had it once before in Kendall many years ago. I had moved every time I moved I get sick. And I've just gone through a move and slept at all kinds of stuff around and I was like, just, then on my ass, head mono, which by the way, they didn't diagnose him. The Baptist hospital down there in Kendall, the hospital where the schmutz was falling out of the ceiling out of the vents over my head. No, my carapractor had to come in and say, oh, did you do a mono spot test? Oh, no. And they did that guess what I had mono. Of course, being as much as I am, I know all about that mono mono stuff. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Hello. Yes. I was calling me home because I think it's just totally appalling. I'm a woman and these people. Speak up, I could barely hear you. I'm sorry. These guys who are have these millions. Yes. And can't pay. That's horrible. Right. There ought to be in jail. They should. In plus. In plus. I got a friend of works for Child Support in the state of Florida. I'm going to talk to him about Gary Sheffield and we're going to nail his hands. Good. Right to the wall. Oh, for also, I had to show about that. But I'm not blaming the woman. But some of these women are just having these one night's hands. Yeah. And they know these guys. They're just baby making machines. Right. So why don't you even get up? Why is it? I mean, I realize you sound like you made me a little dark and plugged it. Yeah. Why is it so much goes on in the black community if there is such a thing? Why is this such a black thing? I think it's the lower class. Yeah. Because I'm not. But I'm just going to emphasize that it's the lower class. So in other words, even if a guy got out with $17 million from one year, he still could be lower class. Yeah. Right. Like I said, a pig in a, you know, mint coat. Yeah. Excellent point. Okay. God bless you. Okay. God. Thank God. Somebody cared. I think it's a nice black lady there to respond to my plea. But all this scum. And of course, it's usually it's the, it's the guys. The women don't admire any of these guys. It's the guys. It's a guy thing. It's a sports thing. Oh, yeah. He's, they, they great. Like, and Kaplan comes on his statement says he would pay the price of admission. Just go out to the ballpark and see Gary Sheffield played baseball. They would, they could pay me $1,000. I would go if he was playing next door. If he was playing the tilling length next door. And I wouldn't go. And that's what I have a great deal of problem. But even though I do like him, Kaplan, he's a good guy. But maybe he's got a bet on a game he figures a gorilla hit one on the ballpark. And when I'm the bet, that must be it. Because that he couldn't possibly be that dumb. That he admire scum and trash like Gary Sheffield. That's running around making babies and pregnant women and then just kind of like walking away. Because he only made 17 and a half million last year. Larry, get this. I was just in the men's room and I just finished, well, you know, pleasureing myself, so to speak. So I'm cleaning up and who walks in but Alicia's silverstone followed by six supermiles. Well, as you can imagine, I was pretty drained. But Alicia tells me they're ready to go and a looking for a guy man enough to take them all on. So I popped my roll aggra, instantly pop wood and completely satisfy each one of them. There was no downtime and I held out until all six of them were completely weak in the need. You want me to believe that roll aggra helped you pop wood that fast? I don't think so. It's 1103 at 56 to WQM happy Tuesday. I got 207 on here now. I got ESPN news, the ESPN news channel. So that in case there's any hockey trades with him, sure there'll be loads and loads and loads. Scorts court between on the deadline for your clock will pass him along to you. Because I mean, are we going to get any from the sports department? Oh, let me ask you this seriously. I mean, we're in this room and these two rooms. And totally isolated from the rest of what's going on up here on this floor. What is happening like in the control room? Is there just a pot open in the other room? Is there anybody in there? Is there correct? No one in there open pot. Just an open pot. So if somebody should come along and go in there and just happen hit like the wrong thing or like, if they're elbow on something, we could like be off here in a heartbeat. Like that. And I mean, are there people like doing stuff? I mean, doing sports. I think of the talk studio. Like, you know, they use that big table to clip out newspapers and stuff. They're flipping out coupon. The update guys and yeah, thanks producers, you know, do show prep in there and whatnot. In the talk studio. In other words, they're playing the gin romikas who wins the knockers. The stands give it away, is in it. Since there's a shortage of working telephone, they're sure they use their hotline to you know. They can make dates, right? But there's people, you know, Miller. But what I'm saying is this sort of, if something like the Panthers made a big trade or the Leafs or something that any of us might care about, there, I mean, and if something came over to sportswear, it's unlikely that we would get it. And that would you try to say, ah, right. We could make arrangements. I got ESPN to this right here. I mean, as long as they still haven't shut our direct TV off yet, they haven't shut it off yet Greg. Get those cheap pastures over there and enables to pay their bills. $82.90, we get a past-do thing. There is no shame in this company. I'll tell you that. By the way, speaking of athletes that you admire so much. Here's an article. I mean, every, you read the article about your shift, the old was in the gossip column there on the local section. Now you turn to the, you're living today of the TV section. Here's Stephanie Loutis who's got to be some kind of like a 15 year old intern at the rights about TV for the Harold. Because they can't afford it. See, every other major market, so called they have a real person that writes about a radio and a different real person that writes about TV also. It's like real newspapers. Do we have a real newspaper here? No. No. Time, jick has got some silly article about satellite disioners because he's all been under shape because he's got a big dish. So he writes it in the business section today. Which is who cares? See, you got to do both time. You got to get you a big dish and a small dish too. Like I do. Because the big dish I hate to say because I love my big dish, but it's becoming obsolete. I hate to say that time. I will. I will. Can I say. Calls floodws. TV following on air rift over Oreos game and speaking of ESPN. By the way, they're going to be televising that game in Cuba. Oh, no. They're not going to be John Miller is going to be going up down there, is he? Huh? Oh my god. John Miller and Joel Morgan, the dark and collected Joel Morgan. He's going down there too. Yeah. To televised that game with those communists. Soft Florida TV viewers never shy. Will write call or email local stations about reporters to raise their delivery even their hear cuts. And that goes down about well, here's the thing about Merlin, missile and some stupid diets. They're, see, I wouldn't email Merlin, missile about a diet store. ID mail her about those eyes. You know. I mean, she does not belong on the air unless you get to get to get to those cat eyes. Right? She's the, the freakyest looking silliest looking thing ever seen in my life. She's even more cross-eyed than the bitch he used to do those informers. If you don't talk about it about it. Then. So anyway, last week viewers rallied in the support of WSCV channel 51's Nerolyce Janos after deciding Florida Marlins pitcher Leigh von Hernandez had been roved to her. Janos had asked to form a world series camp to comment on the controversy over the Baltimore Orioles upcoming game in Cuba when he ignored her. The two wound up in an angry exchange that the station aired on March 16. Why we show it to see that? Man. What do Leigh von have to say about it? That's fucking bitch. Hundreds of viewers call the station most of them to complain about Hernandez behavior. According to Channel 51, though, some did defend Leigh von. And that's the end of that story. So I'm sure there's much more to it than that. Of course, nobody watches Channel 51, right? Except about 20 or 30 old sticks. Here's more Latterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And respond to all the illegitimate kids. What is that all about? Well, it seems to me that it doesn't matter how rich you are. And even if you leave your environment, it doesn't mean that it's obvious that it doesn't change the individual. You can take this scumbag out of the ghetto, but you can't take this scumb out of the whatever that goes. Yeah, that's the basic. I mean, that's how I believe it's happening. I mean, whatever the reason with their beat. I don't know. I mean, of course we need this in Hollywood a lot too. You know, this one has got a baby by that one. I mean, you know, and this is, it's just, I'm acceptable to me. I'm one of the biggest purverts that was ever born, but even me, I can't relate to this business of people running around just making babies and then just kind of walk it away. Or like, Jody Fox, she's got a baby. Does she have a father? No. Do we know how she made the baby? No, but, you know, there you go. Everybody's making babies. And not only that, whatever happened to the thing I'm just taking responsibility for your ass. Right. Of course goes thrown out the window. It's almost as if I've got the money. I might as well just do whatever it takes to do what I wanted to do. And the, and these asshole sports nerds and sports writers and sports castes who continue agulating these people because they can hit a ball far or something like that. I've, I think it's about kind of some of them stuff. But then I guess what? Here he's, you know, he's got to be able to scumbag period. School of, you know, not only that. On another subject, the media. I love you've heard about the, the horrendous crime happened out at, you know, you have a national course. Yeah, of course. You got to scumbag. Yeah, I read the paper. Right. They had an interview with the law enforcement agent's last night. And every time they would say, well, we can't divulge. Yeah, I saw that. So they press conference. Right. And, you know, doesn't the media have a clue that when somebody said, No, no, they don't care. It's ridiculous. It's like, let's try. Like when somebody's son or daughter gets murdered and they walk up to them and they stick to Mike interface. And, well, how do you feel now? You know, what do they expect them to see? We're having a party. We're dancing. We're going to go out party tonight. What do they expect? And they're like the same. They were asked. They kept asking the parents of the, the two, you know, the bodies they found out they, the women, they're asking them, well, how are you holding up now? Well, I'm supposed to say, oh, we're doing great. We're going to get over this in a couple of days. We're going to go on with our lives. What were kind of a question is that how are you holding up? I could tell that my reaction would be. Yeah. I take them out. I do violence on them. Right. I mean, I would literally just, I would just, I would just put it in my brain. I see how you're holding up now. With that and the one question that really earned me was, why can't you tell us what the cause of death is? I don't want to know about the cause of death. Right. I know that the client is not only that, but how many different times did he have to say it? I mean, again, they made the kept trying 15 different way to make the guy answer the question and he said, guess what? We're not answering that. I'm going to let the client was committed. Fine. I found out that the client was committed. Now get back. I mean, when you catch the SOBs who did it. Yeah, I'm surprised they didn't want to see pictures. And they kept trying. Can't you release pictures? Exactly. And can't you give me an autopsy? The media is set and they've talked to us. God bless you, sir. Thank God for us. Thank God for us. No than American people. No, I mean, Northern European. Whatever the hell we are. Are we North American? That's what I mean. I mean, once you get south of Texas and even that ain't too good. Oh, Neil, my queen. God. Attention football fans. In the past, you've had the opportunity to show off your keen spirit with team logo credit cards. Team logo jewelry. And even team logo dinnerware. Well, you got all that. And now you want to show the viewer the ultimate football fan. So for the rest of this NFL season, a official NFL tattoo artist will be touring the country. Looking for a few brave souls to have their favorite NFL team logo tattooed. On their ass show it off in the locker room. Wow, what a fan. Or it works. I'll lock your pants, football, break, or through the hardcore NFL couples. Your girlfriend can have your favorite team rival tattooed on her ass. That way before the big game each year, you can do more than just say, them you can actually do it. NFL team logo are you a real fan, then fill that blank fanty. Let's see the final 60 WQM Hankle be at the Lippon. Today, are we going to hear the sounds of the tennis tournament going on in the background? Is that why we make these guys keep going out of these stupid events? Is that what it's all about? Well, Hank, I'm going to slap all of the way up there to the viewer yesterday. And then pretending you like going up there with a stupid exhibition baseball game going on in the background. And now he's going to be up there for some stupid tennis tournament today at the Lippon. And then we got to Booget 6 o'clock. He's going to be eating for four hours on here. And Ed Kapplem and I who's going to be a raving about jury shipfield as the father of our country from 10 to load the hours of the morning. Dennis Rodman, by the way, whistled for kiss. That's right. Technical foul on Dennis Rodman at piece of crap. He found a new way to get a technical foul. So what kiss that he posted bench and the Lakers stayed unbeaten with him in the lineup. As he finally came back from Vegas when he straightened out his personal problems at the Hard Rock FA. Rodman got his strange technical in the third period after making a foul shot. He blew a kiss at the Mavra's bench. Wherefore he can't mower hit Rodman with a technical foul. Lakers coach Kurt Ramis was incredulous. How can he get a technical just for blowing a kiss? How do you like that? See, the games themselves are for the most part so boring. Now all these events, all these things. So there has to be some kind of a side show. So that's what it's all about. Dennis would be here with a make up with a drag or a blow and a kiss. That's what it's all about. Lighthouse point, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I need a lot of you this morning, okay? I have a little bit of a beat. I listen to you every day. Yes. And I've listened to you for several years. But I didn't stay up for the hockey games Sunday night. I was kind of late by time and end and I had to go to bed around ten. So I put on the morning show on Monday morning to get the final result. I hear it wasn't guilty because I don't think he did the morning report. But it was some guy came on. He goes, the panthers and a nice come from behind when with four, four, four, four goals. Yeah. And I said, wait a second. I thought hockey was played in the center. Hey, I'm on the watch as he says. I think he's on the other side. He's on the other side. He's on the other side. I'm not talking about hockey when you want. So that wasn't bad. I called the station and I said, how are you expecting people to work? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Why would you call the station about something? You know that there's nobody except me on the station or anything about hockey. Why would you call the station? It just bothered me. Why? Because I'll get a life. Get out of here. Get a life. Well, seriously, somebody says something like that. I mean, don't you need a life if you have time to call a radio station because somebody said something stupid like that. Then you've got a problem. So you need second entry counseling. You need to get a search party to find you a life. We, in fact, we ought to make an announcement. We ought to have like a disclaimer other than guilty. Who sucks around with the team. And that fat Neil and midday who's a hockey, maybe even for 40 years. Other than that, nobody on the station knows from that stuff. Okay. That's all. This isn't a sports station. This is a, I don't know what it is. It's, it's an ego trip for the boss. Okay. Who did you think at least we'll get a haircut? Now that he's got all these gains under. We're getting you with him sports. We're getting the, I think we're going to have the soccer. You indoor arena football. We're getting the a mad at horse. If we can't keep them going. I mean, you name it. We're going to put it on here. 25 hours a day. Bullying is going to be on a radio. Go off. We're going to be doing golf tournaments on a radio. Joe Costello's going to be doing, you know, the in the 500 on the radio. That's right. There goes again. There goes. There goes. Here he comes. There he goes. Yeah. But I mean, it disturbs me that and, and you know, all the whole station, the last, the, it started last week. It started, it's, it started, it's a little bit. I remember commenting on. And then this week, it's like we went over to brick wall. Like now I got two calls on there. I'm not going to let it disturb me because I realize that the people are, something's happening here in town. They're very busy. They're making out their taxes. They're all going to jail. Something's going on. I don't know. They're making little legitimate babies. I don't know what it is. I can live with it. I've lived with it a million times in this town for 100 years. But here's the guy that takes, he, not only did he take the trouble to call those stations to complain that our mind will made him a stake and said quarter instead of here. Now he makes the, he takes the trouble to call me to tell me about it. How do you like that? I mean, that's just incredible. I mean, you think that somebody important, like maybe my doctor would call and give me some good information. Wow. Yeah. That was fast. Well, I'm not going to make somebody important like you will wait. Maybe you'd be saving somebody's life. Actually, I was just calling to tell George that almost everything's back in. Remember, when I was there on Friday, you told me to run every test that was appropriate. So appropriate. And, and I said, every test that's ever been invented. No, yeah, but you know, I wouldn't do that to you. That'd be like we're pretty often that would, I came to a million times. I came to a million test. So I showed you the whole compendium with like 4,000 tests that would be totally wrong. Well, I thought the loop of test that you mentioned, not so much as loopous, but that it's an indicator for certain times, certain kinds of drug reactions. I went ahead and ran that. Yeah. And that was that came back negative. No, if you're not have loopous, you don't have a whole 90% of the usual kind of drug reactions. But you know, that looks at one branch of the immune system. The immune system is almost as complicated as there are stars in the sky. Yeah. And I'm not claiming to have a hundred percent understanding of astronomy either. Anyway, what I want that elevated protein. Okay. Well, that's that is almost done. That came back. What is that going to show? Well, that's what I was wanting to talk to you about, in fact, because again, I can't tell you exactly what the charge is or I know money is no limit or no object, but no limits. Only fair to tell you, I don't exactly know and I can have a zelucle back and let you know what it costs. Yeah. What happens is what they take the protein and then we fractionate it with some electrical method and it shows peaks and curves which the peaks and curves haven't come back if but you have what's called a polyclonal gamma elevation. It means something important. Okay. It means something at your own. Some kind of inflammation. But by the time we're done sort of running it down, working it up, I'll have a better idea what it means if anything. Yeah. Last information of one. Well, it doesn't tell you that. You can make inferences from it, but it doesn't tell you specifically what inflammation is. Now that could go along with your rash, but it's going to turn out if you're if I'm right, it's just going to turn out to be an indicator of the fact that the rash was inflammatory and as opposed to a base of dilatory drug reaction from the outlet. I'm sorry to blather. I'm sorry to sound like that guy to Cleveland clad. Yeah, except that I know you follow me because I know that you know exactly what I'm talking about. Listen, I want to tell you how sharp I'm getting even though I still look like crap. Yeah. I am off of my, uh, glinese, the micro nasi. I'm off of it. Two days now my blotcher was 100 this morning. I'm eating almost no carbohydrate. Guys, uh, I'm doing so and then down on my real scale, the 199 when I saw you last that way, 213 in your office. Yeah. So I'm serious about this. And number two, and in fact, that's when I put you on, uh, where how they do it? I got my Walgreens number here, George. And when I get done, I'm going to put Mark on a hole because I'm going to need see the other doctor, which I don't want to rip him behind his back, but of course he's forgotten about me anyway because he's got important people like Paul Velberry to worry about. He puts me on 50 milligrams, the hydrochlorothitis, that is why I heard that way. That will high. That's, uh, that's the anti-quay of doing it. I don't need to have a blood pressure of 78 or 50. It's a little bit too low to make me happy, even though I do like it low. So I've been experimenting because I did read and write in the Merckman 12 and a half, they do make it if you might get me a prescription 12 and a half. Then I won't have to keep two things up and chop them down. And my blood pressure is sensational. I've cut my low tension in less than a half now than it was before. And for whatever reason, I guess because now I'm starting to eat right, and stop it with all the bullcred. It's amazing. And my goal is within six months to throw all the medicine out. Well, I just have to repeat this every time I see you, I say the same thing. Remember, I've been telling you for years, your personal blood pressure control method that drugs that you use is very non-standard. Not only is low tension or rather unusual drug. But let me ask you this though, seriously, because you know that most people are so non-conciences that they don't care if they don't take their own. They don't even have one of those cuffs like I do. I picked them blood pressure. So you can imagine if my pressure is 78 over 54 and I'm not taking it. Well, I don't want it to be the same when you if you had been taking it. Oh, no, that's when I was taking the full 50 milligrams. Okay. And then I take it three o'clock, another low tension, which I usually would do. I would pass out, I would faint. Right? Surprisingly, you can spin out while you're driving. But luckily, because I take it at that point, I say, well, I'm not going to... So in other words, what I've been telling you is true. I religiously, three times a day take my blood pressure. When I get up in the morning, three and a half, and then we'll be far go to bed tonight. And if I need to take any of the medication I take, and if not, I don't take it. Because what's the point of taking a pill when your pressure is 98 over 60? Well, let me ask you a historical question. Is the other doctor, again, we're not knocking them because we can take it. Here you are. No, no, no, not collage. And it doesn't mean bad. I'm not an important enough for them. I'm not a hockey player. You know, they only care about the big shots. Well, remember, you had a lot to do with... Well, I know that you had a lot to do with... Put in hockey players on the map. But anyway, is he an older guy? No. Same age as me more or less? Younger. Wow. Same as the one gotten to a different school. Because school of thought that is. Also, now that I've cut the HCT way down, I don't have to worry about the elevated blood sugars. I'm going to cut out the micro-nays of glyne. Right. And I'm able to do that because as you know, the HCT. So, I mean, how can you give 50 milligrams to a person that's diabetic? Well, you can. You're supposed to... I'm not right. Just push the monitor. Not good. Okay. Well, I'm not gonna... You're the last guy I want to argue with. And that never gets me anywhere. Yeah. But I agree with you because you start... Start low-ghost, low-resistional rule. And what about this cigarette? This 11 on the sidere. What normal... I forget it normal. Less than 20 is... Yeah. And then the bun, now in the Merc manual, I look at this up on my very own. I was taking the HCT. Also, makes her elevated readings in the blood... Anyway, let me explain that now. That's one of those problems. Look, you and I both know that if I... If I... If I... If you sit with a book and you look at your results, you'll get 90% of it. But that's one of those little items that you probably wouldn't get without somebody giving you some perspective. Right. The B-U-N, the... What's really important is in the B-U-N alone, blood-urion oxygen, or the creatine, which is the real marker for kidney function. Yeah. What's important is the ratio between the two. And they don't really begin to change unless you get actually dehydrated. Or actually start to have some kidney damage. Yours was negligible. Yours was right. I wouldn't even worry about that misleadest. Now again, I'm not saying that because you say, well, I blow stuff off. I'm a minimalist. I'm doing nothing. But yeah, you know. I know you feel about that. But at least what you say you feel about that. But sometimes you've got to have the big picture. And that is that ratio was not important. You weren't even having any changes at all. And what's the normal ratio was fine? Yeah. To make the whole thing start to change. You really got a force drug and dehydrate the patient, or give a kidney stone, or a typhoid or arteries or something. Dramatic has to happen. And then you'll see a dramatic change of the span of a couple days. That's the context for when that information is useful. It's got a dramatic... You're a dramatic, but your kidneys are not. Thank God. That's like saying, I tell people all the time, your problem is common. Look at them and go, well, that doesn't mean you're common, but you're profit is common. I'm most of your patients are. Everybody is so much. So I'm doing better. Again, thanks for coming up last Wednesday because that, you know. Well, I had a good time. Without you, no, but without these numbers, I need like most people. I need to go to scare every now and then. You know, not that these were that alarming range. But I need to go to scare. You're a cholesterol was up. You can't keep screwing around. And by the way, that you act into this great, but it doesn't mean you have to be keep going all that fatty meat all the time. That's not the way to go. We have food works very well too. Exactly. Okay, if you're hanging on, I give a Georgia's got my number for Walgreens. I need to 12 and a half, HCT. Right. And God bless you. Tuna. And thank you so much. Bye. Okay, he's on somewhere, ever. Here you go. Neil with a doctor. That was great. Oh, I shouldn't have had him hold on for Greg's mono. That's what I should have done. Maybe you could have fixed you up, huh? Oh, he likes people who pay their bills. It's 1128 at 5. 60. What is that? Doug Doug, the greaseman was on his knees. Tears streaming Sunday morning at Springfield Virginia. Church as the Ash James Bird Junior System. To forgive his honor, Mark about birds dragging death. At least I feel I expressed my sorrow for what I said. Tract told WJLA TV. A church member said track was received with low. He attempts to disappear for a while. He's a small bow's over and come back and say all those things again. How about we drag his ass behind a truck? Oh, you 100 yards huh? Did you start in the church? Is your bag looking and dining you to death? Just say F-U. That's where bank changes it today in every three months. Just say F-U. Does the teller ask for ID every time you want to cash a check? Just say F-U. That's right. F-U. The bank that knows where your business belongs. F-U. F-U. To J2M on our way to F-U. So if you're looking for good old fashion service, courtesy, and I hear a thing from your bank. Well, F-U. F-U bank. Remember if I don't really underwriting corporate cuts? Yeah, just like the end of this era business guy. You have the day. What a story that was. He goes into his F-U bank. He goes into the drive to the cash a 3500 dollar check. And all of a sudden they come from all over. Enter or put in the handcuffs on him. You're under arrest. Why? Well, not your business. And the best part of the whole deal. Not that he needs the money. Because this guy's got some bucks. Like most of those A-Rams. He's got some serious bucks. He's still an Iran. And by the way, to get the best part about my new car. See, the other car that I just traded the red one. That was finance through. It was a lease car through F-U bank. Remember all the problems I had with them. That I nearly got a stroke dealing with them. That they kept losing checks and losing paperwork. And every time I talk to somebody up there, they didn't know they're asked from their armpits. And if you banked the same bank that arrested this guy, they didn't mistake an identity. Calls the cops. Has this guy arrested. Because he looked like somebody that had been passing bad checks. And then they give the guy a hundred dollar certificate for publics. And he says, Get that up there. Yeah. Goes and gets his lawyer and sues their ass. I hope it gets ten million dollars from F-U bank. I took that payment book in there to my buddy Greg Nelson, back where I yesterday. And I said, here, I don't have a bonfire. Burn is out in the front there. Don't ever want to deal with these people again. They haven't got a clue what's going on up there. And there are big big institutions up there. Yeah, they ought to be in an institution. Clueless. See, this is the kind of country this is now. You go to the bank to take some money out. You're ready to check. Not only do they have to have 18 different kinds of ID and check. Your shoe size and penis life, but also hey, you're ready to rest. Why? Well, not your business. I hope he gets fifty million dollars from F-U bank. And send us a check over here. So we can pay our direct TV bill. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless money. I'm sure a lot of you are bored here in Dr. Mark on here doing my personal. But you know something too bad. That just goes with the territory like I said. Getting the free meals. You know, you have to play the role of a big shot. You go into public. You know, you try to buy a couple of items. And here's poor Deborah there. Oh my God, you're on TV. Yeah, right. Deborah, are you a sweet little girl? Okay, you're nice. You're very nice. Even if you do listen to Howard. A lot of my people listen to Howard. That's fine. Even though quite Frank. You know, I'm coming to work this morning. I'm so desperate. This is the third time since he's been on this market. I punched over to that station. Because quite frankly, by the time I turned on, if they just went to a commercial break, I'm back. I'm the work already by the 10 to break ends. I just don't have that kind of time. And they went through a thing about stuff on the internet about the women. Uh, peeing, you know, about guys watching women taking a leak. And it was about as funny as if I said, you know, yeah, that's funny. Seriously, then what they were talking about. And after about three or four minutes, I just gave up. I mean, you know, he's doing great. He's legendary. He's got the hype machine behind him. And I just must not be for me, you know, I just don't get it. What the attraction was, but Deborah like I said, okay, take care of the paying customers Please, even Frankie was getting embarrassed. And I stopped by the way, Frankie is not to spend it in school as we work that on your cannot yet, solely a two day. I'm telling you, I'm a superstar in public, you know, I really am. I'm a legendary. If I would just hang out there all the time. Here's Kendall. Hello. You're the morning. Yes, sir. What are you doing? Was it the whole we feel that they said was the father of our country? Yes. I think maybe you're trying to father his own country as well. And now Gary Sheffield wants to be partners with him, I guess. He wants the little, the action and the form stuff. He's got Gary Sheffield. He's got four kids by four different women to, not a homie's married to. A ton of ton of ton on the home he's married. That's really crazy. I don't know what the family is. He likes that. And where it starts, and I don't know where it's cut-and is. It's a damn problem. I don't know idea. Anyway, what does that mean? What do you mean where it starts? It starts with people that are admiring scum and people who are the sports nerds, pretending that these people just because they can hit a ball or do some athletic things that these are wonderful people, that these are people that kids ought to be admiring and bind baseball cards and crap from getting their autographs, paying them for an autograph. Well, then where it started since the beginning? I mean, the very first, you know, one to go off and have all these legitimate kids and that, you know, part of it was all that's being getting that went on in that good book and that evil book all of it was going on that pair on the ground. Yeah, they were being getting it all right. Last night, I wanted those new shows. I thought Maria Shriver is not even a member of the name, but they just caught the tail end of the story. I found it was. Did she find a get a chin or what? I see the quite a bizarre look and what I think. Anyway, I also said she gives good chin. I had this story on about this really rare syndrome called Alien Hand Syndrome. I think was an A over your herd of this. Alien Hand Syndrome? Yeah, it's like, well, one hand just better get the doctor back on the phone. One hand one. It's just like a one hand. It has kind of no, it has like a mind of its own. Oh, like Michael Keen. Yes, like where was the name of that movie, the hand? Right. We're actually what they think it is. It's just kind of like a theory that once out of your brain, remember that kind of a person novel of the, for those people like their stick wear, the filet hand. Right. And where once out of your brain is a conflict with the other, and they actually had one guy on there, his hand tried to choke himself. And he was trying to choke it with one hand and the other hand was pulling it off. Right. And it wouldn't stop. It's like it wouldn't give up the ghost, you know what I mean? I said back and I'm thinking about this and I'm going, how many people out there right now are saying that it's not a syndrome. It's actually like the hand is possessed by a demon. I'm stuck and can't get off. Yeah. You know, I'm just, I was just, you know, just kind of thinking that it does sound like an action. Doesn't it sound like an act of the devil to you? It does. Right now, I mean, there should have been a priest. There probably was some priest call on the folks and I can cure that guy. I can cure him. You know, I've got the exorcism right. Right. Kind of stuff. I just thought that that was kind of bizarre. Well, maybe we can get an exorcism on here and cure everybody else got that out. I'd love to. I'm a crazy cop. Yeah, let's do it. Oh, and in the middle of the mar, while we're smoking, some of that, gone to here on here. In closing, I heard the Rick and Seth this morning. Yeah. And I did die touched over there for a few seconds, too, but it just didn't hold me for some reasons. Did you hear him talking about, remember the, I guess, was filled birthday if you were to get a baby. One thing I, my number, I just moved out to another station. And they put the frozen cat in the refrigerator. Right. I thought that that was great. It was kind of reminiscent of the old, you know, I, of the days of kind of like a flash back kind of thing. When we did it again, no, they just had talked about it. I think what they ought to do is freeze peat, bulls you're in, show his acid of refrigerated. Well, I guarantee you to be more parties this time. I've ever raped a pal. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the 18 to you wireless line. No waiting a week this week. All the shows on a station. Like I said yesterday, when Hank is desperate for calls, you know, the rest of us forget it. Because he gets calls, you know, he, not good calls necessarily. He gets the calls. This little gambler, this sports nerd. What is your opinion? Yeah. But it's just, you know, you guys have got something going on. You won't let us in on. Maybe they're why, maybe they taped that stuff off of MTV, huh? The spring breaks stuff with all those young, uh, new biobodies. Mayl female, some you read a can tell, but who cares? 20, 20, 20, no, it's 5, 60, WQM. Let me tell you about a great place. Pizza law. By the way, I got a note this morning said Jeff Cohen loves you talking about his wild sex life. Maybe he'll get late even more, which I don't think is possible. Seriously, do you think that there's anybody getting his much action to see is, is there anybody who looks like that that's getting late that much? I don't it. Because he don't look too good. Anyway, it's getting real close. It's that time of the year again. Once we get to what is the Passover, is that on your calendar? What is pace off start? Is there a ways off? He needs to go on to the list of me. It's 45 at 5, 60, WQM. We got hangover from the lippen. The lippen. Just a sound of that. And I heard deep old bitch in about the security guy over there when Nassaule he is at the end of their show this morning. The lippen. Oh, it makes me nauseous. Yeah, the lippen, the Honda. Yeah. Another hot job. They had a thing on the news last night. I channeled four. I got a suggestion for you. Mind your own goddamn business. They're complaining about on the, as you drive it on the interstate on the highways around town. In date County, they've got these posters. These, these like cloth, what do they call those things? You know, on the, on the poles, on the light poles. You know, these like little banners on the side, promoting the lipton or whatever is going on and telling they got some for a dinghy a high lie. And they're, you know, they desperately needed to. The upper mucials are all on death store. Okay. Yeah, Bill. 1, 2, 1 and 2 do the exact same thing for. So what's most important 2 does four, sticking those in there, bringing the attention of this state. You know governor, walkin' lot in the rot the fact that they had tomorrow was advertising auto racism. Something, so walkin' lot in the course was in Goody Tsu shoes. Wait for him to do good anymore. He, um, achieved you that they stopped that. We don't want to be promoting cigarettes there on theング banners because little kids might be out there. Seeing those banners, while they bein' rather driving up in down the highway. While they're driving their hundays opened down the highway. crack down on this thing and make sure and what's the big deal with that to me quite frankly they look good it actually looks like a place where there's some stuff going on for change instead of the usual sterile landscape that they must love over their channel for but we're working for you we're working for you nobody's watching us but we're working for you and an angel array still makes me sick to my son she just she's going more and more to that silly goose routine you know she's always just cackling and laughing and puking got a murder story on here she's laughing a rasa and get that thing off here's a mobile in my and he hello yes sir I called you before my wife's going to teach in the tally and out of the cc and i gave a campus yeah really disappointed you haven't come in a flight come to class come to class for one to learn Italian why is that well because i know you want to tell you i got doctor jack is my Italian teacher when i'm good and ready to uh... a resume doctor jack i'll let you know okay well i'm probably about the professional dead beat uh... dad if i don't know if you ever got a chance to read the sports illustrated article last year about them yeah if you want to a real laugh about how many of them i father numerous kids in the same year with different life uh... sterling sharp um... chan and sharp in name a few black uh... three three kids from three different women in the same year yeah and family maybe it's a family yeah but did you know that mark messier all that a child out of wedlock white and he had a uh... attorney to uh... involved in that as well yeah there's one and i guess one or two uh... hockey player and the other way i'm a little bit of a wich i did on this uh... there was Larry bird also but that was some of the different situation Larry we bird is reproducing oh my god his child was during uh... college years with his college sweetheart uh... but apparently he's never recognized her so it happened occasionally yeah which others we got two white guys in the five hundred black guys doing but that's not why it's primarily a black thing and you're not supposed to say that because uh... people get all of the other ship will you say those things i don't get a crap i'm sick and tear it i'm sick and tear it a pretending to admire people who are scum who are trash you're right uh... and whether it's mark messy or says a sterling sharp or uh... gary ship field uh... i say school all of them including the protection yes including the call someone to be back go ahead any year to speak okay any one of these you are back okay five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen two levels like i said we got about twenty five thousand open lines there for you see this whole thing with the grease man it goes back again to depending on what part of the country and which at the groups it just like the thing with a baseball game in Cuba if we were living in uh... a Pittsburgh god forbid nobody would even be talking about that nobody cares about it whether the orials are playing in Cuba in uh... televised in uh... mascoe or another another nobody cares and that's why the grease man got fired as far as i'm concerned and i'll be fed the grease man i mean he's okay another high job as far as i'm concerned but nevertheless he's got some funny stuff but he got screwed because in dc of course they got a very much it's like that thing with the guy who said niggardly and gets fired because we got a little bit people i don't even understand what the word means if you look up niggardly in the dictionary there's Greg Reen the beastly is their pictures are right next to it that's what niggardly means it means so cheap that it's embarrassing so cheap you have to live in a high-rise in halloween mail that's right that's what niggardly is but you know it's like and and you know we're all supposed to be intimidated you're supposed to keep your mouth shut and don't say this because then it makes you a racist i'm all crap it just makes you honest and whether it's the right trash on a jury springer show or it's the black getaways mentality that's uh... you know this totally responsibility of everybody let's make a whole bunch of babies even if we ain't got no money coming in this is a big part of the american fn problem alternative right now but you're not supposed to be sent because we don't want to be a friend anyone sensibilities and is that interesting thank god they only person really talked about this was that black lady that called and she knows what i'm talking about she knows it's a bunch of crap that's why we have all these uh... kids with no parents i mean that's the that's the new statistic in america by the way kids with uh... one parent not because of a divorce not because one of them died but because they just uh... they only ever had one parent like jodie foster for example there you go what is that all about and we're supposed to be happy for her we're supposed to be a thrill for her we're supposed to be crumbling for her that somehow some way she made a baby i would be surprised in microjansions wife is making those babies the same way here's a mobile in hollywood hello hello maybe she's got a talent of a yes sir the problem is not only with the gary sheffield as you just mentioned the problem is all the other fathers who are fathering children and walking away from the responsibility yeah very sheffield you know she can get a lawyer to go after him and she already got a bucks exactly right got the bucks to pay right these other guys are having our fathering the children walking away in nobody's making them take you can't switch wrong yeah the state's picking up and we're picking up the problem because nobody nobody's more than you know what i'm afraid to mind two words that i keep saying i'm a show for years and years and everybody is kind of chuckle's what i said forced sterilization those are the two words that come to my mind there's a lot to be set forth right okay good luck to us pal so he sounds depressed don't be depressed there's only two days i'm doing great might i know what did my doctor say by the way can you interpreted for me to say anything of no i don't know what he said i think i told him more than he told me when he came right down with don't you think so i think i gave him a bit of a five six seven he's a good guy but i'm the expert five six seven oh five sixty pong five sixty on the eighteen teawallus line here's a lady in medley hello hello yes man yes how are you doing great my brother listen to your show every day right and i think it's kind of corrupted him why is that well we can carry a normal conversation and all the sudden you'll sit there and say wreck them and um plus he's having a real fetters about women sitting on his face uh it's very thing that you think i can help them do with this problem yeah grossed it on his face five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty on the eighteen teawallus line she sounded like what's his name is boyfriend a girlfriend here's a mobile in my email oh you know how you doing to that okay sir um did you happen to watch the mission stay came out of the so i did not know so you didn't see the size of the team please this looks no okay i just thought i throw that out didn't see it shameless request yes Michigan state fight song don't got it that that that that that that that that that that five six seven got one call after the board could be a short show we got a short show on Thursday because we got an exhibition marlow game twelve fifty on Thursday see that this is what kills me remember last week those people calling in bitch and we had two back to back Thursday and Friday all those people carrying on all my god they're stealing your you know and then we are here the full of full four hours yesterday full four hours today if we can make it and we got no calls you're like a bunch of spoiled little breads you don't know what you want we put on a great exhibition marlins game there nobody in a right mind could possibly do that you don't like that but i'm here feeding out some really great stuff here to sink your teeth and do and it's the same with our jacrath i'm gonna i guess have to be the one to whip these bastards back into shape or i'll just go out and do the uh well i'm supposed to show them are from a ballgame somewhere we'll hear the noise in the background oh jay just fun to ball of third base there's another air sloppy play you know i'm at well what was that going on here yesterday what is this station thinking about are they thinking oh i mean is it like mandatory i i thought that they used to do all these outside outside shows because they hated that building over there in chardonnay now we got these new uh somewhat sterile but at least cleaner surroundings and it's still a lot of being as building maybe they're afraid to use that restroom down there since uh your buddy stole the lice all that i want to mention Josh Friedman that big fat smelly thing yeah fat and smelly that you know something that seems to be the uh thing here in his place fat and smelly we got fat boy we got uh and then we got the what's his name what do we call it the the bullies here's bokeh hello yes sir okay well a shuckle he had a quote of the years so i know what that sir well he had mentioned that if it wasn't for his contract he had paying him twelve million dollars a year he's a man so yeah so we're talking about him having a shave his uh shave his mustache that he was going to retire if it wasn't for the 12 million a year he was making and uh that was the uh course and that's another thing with Jerry Sheffield and that is that in every other way besides fathering all these illegitimate kids he's also when i'm told everybody knows that and always has been yeah and they couldn't they couldn't wait till they could find a way to unload him and his ten million dollars salary out of here soon enough okay and and you'll you'll appoint that i have a lot of money so one of these people come on the air and he sports writers and and they they're always sucking up to these guys what is that about how can you admire somebody such a piece of crap wow but they suck up the gerry well sure they do is how and the point that i wanted to actually fully brought about this last subduct i i've covered a found hockey for like forty years when the room becomes so important where you're going to have a lot of that just an all media thing you know that that's the excuse for a guy who can't play all but he's good in the room okay what does that mean i mean he's got a long tongue i guess i don't know if i'm okay he's good in the room maybe tore eight men's good in the room you know i'm talking about they have an open line on the board in case you want to join us which we doubt five six seven hey you know either way makes no difference to me yesterday i got psychotic then i realized that it was the whole guy damn radio station i do take these things personally to believe me no i don't it just the something oh i like the wheelie and glad you're not in a life and now another exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for the peanut's gang's birthday on october second did you know that snoopy used to have genitals find out what happened in this lost television special it's a Charlie Brown mutering what are you doing with that night Charlie Brown oh are Lucy i'm getting ready to fix snoopy Charlie Brown you're such a blackhead you have to get a running star i do here you come running up and at the last minute i'll pull his penis up out of the way so you can lock off in technical well i guess i can trust you you always pull the football out of the way ready okay here i come you didn't pull his penis away i only pull away pink skin not for skin the missing peanut special featuring snoopy's missing genitals yours for just nineteen ninety five in local video stores video treasure chest we've got rooms of this crap come on it's past known as five six minutes of a question by the way if you do it is you don't have to be circumcised why not see i don't understand you got that jewish account that crazy crazy david that uh... lunatic the orthodox with the days land that the philonies were in the tallest in the yaramica i mean sky is stone age would be in an upgrade for him that would be an understanding and yet you got the uh... footspot i mean i realize your own personal situation you couldn't help but to try to uh... promote this idea of uh... circumcision being barbaric clung this is next to godliness so it's what i'm just yeah if you don't paid like uh... fat boy who could you just can you imagine and how about a few if if if you are circumcised and you still don't be like Josh Friedman can you imagine what his f*** must be like um... right in the middle of lunch you're doing a sorry saloonia roger's diet here's a mobile integral hello hey new yes sir i just had a nice footrock his burger please keep the uh... just we mean talk okay sorry you know uh... going back to the cell after you got to happen to catch bokeh and brown the news uh... just a couple of days ago deer in the headlights now you know the things you know i didn't get over that the strobe like they use like on the uh... the battleships yeah you look like you face with one of those oh and you need to go see a rake for some extra make up these are a little bit to have you get there here we are a few little time cut them some slack anyway uh... what do you feel i would talk about the uh... one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one one parent kids me what do you feel about the all these bulldox now of having uh... artificial insemination or insemination by the like duty fostering what do you feel about i find that nauseating and grotesque and reporting what is that all about i have a i know somebody that their neighbor and we do we have a shortage of kids in this country we have a shortage of uh... people in the world course not is for i think it is i am pretty liberal i am very liberal when it comes to that uh... i don't know what i mean what's that given going to grow up to be i mean he's got two bulldox for parents i mean talk about all of them that that's a different i mean that's a whole different uh... subject i'm talking about bulldox actually making babies all that's all about adopting all he's wrapped you know anyway uh... okay i can't come five six seven five six eight you know this in one four more another it's an on the present situation it really is it never leaves either the conscious or subconscious of every holio in south florida and maybe all over the world medical it's always in there it's in their ears it's in their records and air reparted it's like in their blood in fact if doctor mark like the little of and starting on he's got plenty of holios over their debates they probably got some holio patients if he takes their blood he will find the corner somewhere there's a probably a blood test that he's tested it's an obsession there is it always works its way in air me single one of these people i don't want to start time like i'm so these people you know like rosboro would say you people you know always works its way in there five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line even sandy so so which last year always a great guy what would i and i got the three screw up on that okay so you'll have to straighten me on because i just saw the ass into that story the other day about the fact that he's been bowing at these exhibition games in some of the two cup teammates are uh... getting on about it and he's starting act like he's starting act like other kind of a jackass and also too much of that uh... whatever he was kissing you know kissing with a fingers in uh... you know reaching it up whatever he was doing to my crossing himself yeah no no not crossing himself but uh... however he does that you know like this to much of that thinker action i say i say up to the hockey and in their right on the edge to as far as i'm concerned other than that let's this man professionals for five years and see how things go wouldn't that be sensational it's like you know come on here and i'm recommending these different books how many people read a book and i wonder every time you go nobody go to borders you go into uh... barons and nobel the book stores are packed uh... how those people buying books no they're sitting around and they're we're looking up stuff you know reference stuff whatever uh... the refriebies you know they have those lounge areas they're going to couple chino their reading some payment and they put it back in the out the door they stick it in their bag and out they go you know because those places are all doing a land office business i mean that borders over by me the one on some of our pat always jampact loaded and i'm wondering i mean who really read books besides about ten of us here's more waterdale hello how you doing there okay sir uh... speaking again if you know the gate capital of the world is right highly of yeah that you're actually moved that are going to look at you go to highly of westland yeah westland monotearum uh... and that's about it now okay uh... he just got was already on hold by the way had no material but that was a test online on five six seven five six seven five six maybe he's in a hurry and his boyfriend's waiting there with uh... well by the way are there glory holes in a women's restaurant no and that's an interesting thing i've never really stopped to think about this how to grow your holes get started seriously also now no this is a more reasonable topic is their graffiti on the stalls in a ladies restaurant there is women of rica feiti how do you know that are you hang out on the women's theorems ever chance again no seriously is there graffiti in there that was not it's not as uh... so that was prevalent in the world of the women's scum or air is coming or air is it saying you know a lot of penis stuff not a dikey stuff almost most of the uh... graffiti i see in men's he was a penis dot to well i guess we'd expect to find a penis in the toilet you know in the restaurant makes sense to me how does somebody go about starting a glory hole i guess very carefully and very slowly what do they do they what kind of a do they take in all you know what all is the carpet is all what do you take in there i mean that usually it's pretty heavy wood between those stalls we're not talking about the you know a little sheet of plywood we're talking about a big heavy duty uh... cedar like it says nothing cedar box right what kind of wood is that the usually uh... heaven plywood no no no no but the thick plywood not plywood it's not plywood in between the stalls and a uh... like that in our men's room out here that's plywood like a formic a stuff yeah duty stuff but that's six uh... article board uh... with the formic over it yeah but it's thick sure you can like take a pencil you know we're like a key in like uh... you've got to be uh... there has to be a lot of work that's uh... uh... laboral love that's got to go in for a long time a whole saw would work really well is that with the w how about a bull saw like the one at this middle and got a necker co-op with by oh god yeah hey high up spag you know when i'm driving down route i'm w on a hop server day me and the missus always stop at the distance thick and fruit state they've got everything from fruit to vegetables homemade past but there is nothing like their side eight that red honey in side there yes sir why even though we were late in the church last Sunday she had to have a little dick inside her she said there ain't nothing like even mom ministers this is what i've been chosen a little dick inside her now and then why don't you bring some home at our particular place to rip bottom that way you don't stay fresh or you can lick set a while and have some hard dick inside her uh... uh... it's good at lunch good and dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside her dick and fruit state just a fruit man double you and touch her road six to man open 24 hours because i have to read chillies summer night i like to snuggle up and dead with a hot dick inside and public in five six and a few minutes is what's a common term that white people use for Brazil notice that i have no idea oh yeah i see there's showing uh... the uh... and and guess what you are sports department about whatever it is was supposed to help us out with these NHL trades today the trading deadline there's nobody over there that whole side of the building is dark so to speak dark but a collar claims that uh... ten of a trade and when will carcassity twice for Kevin hotson was that they're back up golden as a good golden by the way certainly in a coryclob yet a show in a great one on your last night big comeback for gritsky every time you play the ranger's uh... figure dumb and bearers by ten six three last night i's going guys five six seven five sixty pound five sixty animal one on in addition to my advice that more zitties uh... so salad dressing and that is good stuff seriously i'm gonna bring some in tomorrow and just either right on the jar chunky blue cheese with big chunks one gram for two tablespoons delicious in addition that here's another uh... recommendation highly for people with diabetes from doctor burn seems book by the way that guy call back yet the uh... oh doctor burn seen guy and that is if you worry about your feet because when you're diabetic the two things you're most concerned about your feet in your eyes okay you're vision and your feet take care of those feet baby because when you're circulation gets bad your feet have got tourists and you know what you do with the what you massage your feet with olive oil in fact only what what happened that big good job of your own micro is oh yeah now that's too expensive for me to well use that on my feet huh that's real heavy duty expensive stuff that beroleo but uh... but uh... but it's named brought to a south of com yeah but what i have all i have healthy feet i'm serious smear it all over your uh... feet now you're every night before you go to bed all of all your leave or just tell me or leave here's a mobile and hollywood hello mobile and hollywood hey me uh... as anyone say anything about uh... these guys that uh... they're they're wet and they're uh... father and his children but uh... it's nothing about unprotected sex yeah i mean uh... and that's mentioned uh... what's the window that's for a woman to get pregnant three to four days or a month circling machine off goes to jursey for a fourth round traffic what is it i'm keeping my on his the deal here i got to watch the ticket if you don't have any sports department here and this is a make the least sports station everybody's not for lunch literally yeah but i don't know i think it's good i mean what if their realization they don't have to worry about protection so you don't have to worry about that for sterilization uh... you know thanks okay you let me go out there around the countryside i'll pick out the scum will sterilize all of them and i'll guarantee within a matter of vayers life in america the uh... greatly improved five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and margay hello hello good afternoon with your artist uh... three common and what if you give us overtime for this week i can see this is going to be one bit you will be yes sir number one or that is blue she's awesome why is good stuff number two i should have been forced to realize because number three my life and i are just head home from the hospital we just had our boy ready new circumcised yeah just come in home right now green one is a one right exactly that's right good work pound keep it up and the uh... work two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line it's the only problem in europe is now that four skin one of our lives that's the problem especially if it is loose who bad news here's a mobile and pop in a hello hey yes sir who's one who's that in the studio in what studio who's that guy you talking to you now i'm talking about the guy in the studio with you meaning what you like what you do got you did you bring back the birds you have a bird is in the studio what do you want look at me do for sure what's your materials you got any oh like no okay thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line retard moron jackass all you have to say is he's an asshole here's pombie chillah i don't know if the uh... blue cheese uh... excellent with that uh... cedar salad also lots of all the other is it all real low carb though that's my point well that's a little high-resco you're good to uh... it is a higher in car they have to be like loose use anyway so the fact that i got two tablespoons one gram i mean this is like dying going to heaven uh... it's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a big shallard there were two and it may be in the couple olives in the whole bunch of this stuff in the all it's excellent and the all like radishes yeah uh... excellent you know it's funny and mention the uh... the uh... all of the world because uh... we've used all of the world for uh... masturbation and uh... and uh... and we are back home yeah two yeah five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile in my any hello any ill yes sir on the door okay all right y'all i'd like to be following here for a fourth third of uh... we're just had to call her right there there are like all the way that day hold on hold on he's volunteering okay one call up and it's looking at the words from now one calling dates now one in brown that one in pombie now one in four miles here's the goony hills california hello yes sir how to go in man the worst this is the worst week of my life sir every moment that i'm sitting here i wonder if it could be the last you were talking about banks before right these are the deaths seriously there must have been some kind of a seismic event that happened this time they forgot to report it because the oscar is wrong or something and then this week it's like this whole town is dried up and died i'm sorry sir let me tell you a story about banks and california yeah the check system the one check system which is what it's pretty much like a like a cutter and boarding deal for banks like if you have an nsf or something whatever that you have right i had an account there was eighty six dollars i paid it off right they reported me to check systems i can't open a bank account anywhere for five years i think people are there for a dollar they were over a dollar yeah i got reported they can't open account anywhere to use the check well they can't say that far i'd move over there that's where i'm going next excellent loving a good luck sir bye okay here's our last call for callers today we made it almost still 12 30 today yesterday not even that far oh gee now another exhibition bugging let's put a ball game on okay let's put a ball game on a go to lunch this crowd man i'm talking you talk about out of material just now i'm getting my energy back our real maybe that's what it is see when you feel a far jkey kind of fit in here you know you're fit in with a landscape one and you start feeling like a little bit alive and you look around you and you can smell the death the decay the drifters they drifted it on some kind of a rubber you got drifters decadence drug dealers and dead people that's what you got five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile online the burnstein guy i don't know my a decadent what does that mean the burnstein how many times did i beg you to call you didn't bossy dr. burnstein i don't just sit in the wait for you you know here i am you got me you need to break you call George off the air and i beg you to go on the air and tell us and you refuse to do it which as far as i was concerned was an act of insulin and so what i mean why would you tell us that you're going to go somewhere and then uh... then when you get back you don't want to talk about it i don't get it the only reason is because i don't think everybody is interested well not everybody is interested in anything these people are talking about what is that i'm interested okay i'm interested forget about these people we don't know what their interest in yet okay that's all i care about as you and i wasn't anybody else it was wonderful it was intense it was uh... three full days with a sky one on one and i'm not talking about the sexual part i'm talking about the health part that's what i'm talking about yes and she will part no i'm just kidding the guy is amazing the guy is a what do you do for you he's a type one diabetic and he's sixty six years old i was done for the i'm the one that the red of book member i know all about that what did he do for you put me on insulin even though i was making plenty of insulin put me on insulin he took my blood sugars which are consistently above three fifty three fifty yeah up consistently right and i know and now they are my target is one ten right now he's got you one twenty one twenty five one twenty one and it's a regiment of a bunch of shots every day shots when you get up shots covering every meal and adjustments yeah that's basically i mean the guy uh... i get the pretty much what i want and uh... you watch what you do the guy is amazing and i talked to him uh... for 15 minutes uh... once a week and he makes adjustments to the uh... makes adjustments to the protocol but you can't do the fish food thing you just you can't cover it for a well i know i i love you to death but i don't think it's uh... it's a right program you know but that's not a program it's called suicide you know that's stuff you can't do that i know all four spitting you will kill or carbs you can't do it there are no on there are about the uh... eighty eight there's still telling people about the eighty eight there murderers there there are a little bit of a killer's i glad that they're killers but any other sky leave it or not here's a true story do you know doctor atkins is a patient of this guy really i swear i'd like to i'd like to have the guy is amazing it looks a beautiful home and the man is there i had as almost exactly only been more and more restricted than the act in this far as a carbohydrit and as you know he says you never have to be another piece of food in your life he has needed to be the food in twenty years you don't have to say that i'm not and no exercise it's not necessary right and well we can be okay well listen uh... keep it up got the bushing okay same glad he's been called before well no i'm because i mean his thing is about the influence shots which is fine but there's nothing to do with me but this guy saved his life and by the way you're welcome sir i saved your life guys blood sugar was run in three fifty why five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line here's a mobile and hollywood hello yes sir you know how you usually talk about the literacy rate and uh... this is a get me group vacation we have a little trouble with the language it's gotten to the point now where some universities are having to teach speaking across the discipline did you catch that piece of something you know there they're now saying that mall speak has invaded the schools where people can't speak more than five words at a time without saying you know and like and that's what i think nothing new that's that soldier in the hills that's been going on for a hundred years yeah i know well i mean how about a college teaching speaking across the discipline just getting a little bit difficult getting strange okay good luck you get new phone okay one call after the board okay what can we play here between now into a clock these guys got no material but it's not a good one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a mobile one line we need to have an investigation get trial at homes on the phone and haven't come into town to what's going on here there's something really but or maybe it's just this whole system because it's the whole radio station out by the way you notice that maybe it's our whole phone system maybe got a thousand people out there frantically dining right i'll try to call in and they can't get through the qa m you believe that no of course not sounds good though it's a like the kind of called before about uh... orlando alzagari mispronounced or he made a mistake i call to the fourth quarter instead of third period whatever and call the station about it i mean we're all the billboards i'm a big believer in honesty at least to a point where the billboards in his town that say i have no luck come on that's what they had had those things on the polls in fact you ask those at channel for since you're so worried about all of that crap why not have big uh... on all the polls take away the commercial advertising and just how but a little two for all the tourists down here put up a big sign it says i have no luck if they haven't found that already when it been here more than five minutes yeah i called up the station to complain yeah get ready time away you remember watching that first day watch at the school don't running along the beach with something up and down together about some jeering but what i like most of all i like the songs and the songs in the stream okay that show me everything that's what i like the songs that show i love to see hi i like the songs i like the songs i like the song some And the song is a song that shows me everything. Oh, really? I like the song that I love to see high. I like the song that I like the song. What about the past over approaching? I'm starting a new militant group called Jam. Choose against Monser. Huh? Oh, sure. Let's get rid of that crap. Alright. I do like the Monser pizza endless. Have we had the Monser Lozoni before not? We'll be checking that out. Once you've been ahead that already. Hopefully in a few days, come on, Jeff. Get with it. Put that bitch down. I mean, come on. Get with the program. So I have a facts here that is going to knock your socks off, Mr. You, especially. It is from a group of, listen carefully. A group of concern citizens. Not concerned. Concern citizens, money, Florida. With a phone number, no less. And it's written to the Univision Network, Attention Administration with an address in Miami, Administration Office. As a group of concerned Hispanics, Oh, we are ashamed about the manner in which Hispanic females are portrayed on the station. Our English-speaking male co-workers constantly described Channel 23 as the Spanish Playboy Network. We do not understand why your station needs to be great to Hispanic female in order to obtain high rate rates. We feel that you have, you do not have the image of this community in mind when your decisions are solely based on finances and ratings. That right? It is a shame that our Spanish-speaking youth have no other choice, but to watch this shameful programming, and it is more outrageous when the female youth want to emulate many of your so-called stars. For example, are we to become a quaint? I'm reading this exactly the wits written, okay? Like you, little bit. Are we to be kind of quaint with other parts of the world or with Vergara's breast and buttocks? Back home, are we to land for the pranks on Lente, Loco, or O'Dales' constant sensuous movement that expose your cleavage? Even from your impact those anchors have changed their wardrobe from traditional businessware to casual sexyware. We will not even discuss Savaro Gigante, the Nvenido's Cayente notate the wear-must and the list goes on and on. I like Savaro Gigante. They forgot porcelain. Okay, porkey with me, Mr. It is very difficult for us as counselors to change the perception of the youth when the number of our Spanish, when the number one Spanish-speaking network supports and encourages the exploitation of the female body. Have we lost our values, our morals, and our commitment to the community for the mighty dollar? I hope this is not true. The ziring you to take action and recommend yours, your so-called stars to begin to cover up a little or schedule these programs at a later time. This is just the beginning of our campaign. We will continue to explore other avenues if we don't see any changes in this matter sincerely. Now for some strange reason there's no way of saying it to you on here. It's just as a group of concern citizens. Carbon-copy, the FCC, County Commissioner's Channel 51, the Miami-Herald, the area of Los Americas, and a federal Castro and everybody else. Huh? George Rodriguez was a conselco. Puppy Compo, Desi Arnez, Montorgan Dolez, Prof. Ruberosa, Fulhencio Batista, Madacone Grande, Desi Mo, and there you go. On and on a coast. How do you like that? That's the way we're going to get the little bit of it. Everybody watches that crap right on Vainter Traces because they got all that flesh on there. Even I like that, Salvador, you got to say whenever I pop across it every now and then. That's right. Scored, scored, right across it. You got to watch Colliances. Every like it's on it. They got naked chicks naked, guys. Young Emma, what's wrong with that? It's like MTV's Spring Break all the time. A group of concern citizens are we to become a quaint. Why not become a quaint with English language, okay? Why not get out of the back on a banana boat and stop trying to suppress and repress? This is always what goes on in this town. Why would they write that in English by the way? Why not? Because there are group of concern citizens. I'm sure they're executives, don't speak it English. Have you ever seen them? See. Poor K. Don't get poor K with me. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Yes. Yes. Hey, you have been seeing the paper today about the old geezers. You're trying to take off the road. If I happen to do, uh, I exams and hearing tests now. No, I didn't see that. How great. It's in the Harold. Get the ranch off the road now before I leave today for Mommy's house. Get them off the road now. Thanks for the good news, sir. Look at that. Two calls left in the board. After this unbelievable facts. You're a pressure banana boat people who know nothing about freedom. Almost every young who knows that. And others, by the way, that's what they want to see. Don't you get it? Why do you think the only show that ever got a number besides mash on wheynny was that them, uh, thing out there in the beach tens and nine's and eight and a half. That's the only show anybody ever watched. 560560, pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? Neil. Yes, sir. I'm wondering what does six four other avenues mean? Fire bombs and, uh, intimidation? Maybe. Probably. Who knows? How did the shadow know? That's them. Ask the group of concerned citizens. Uh, I always said we should probably just line the date rower order with explosives and just. I keep you in date, right? Okay, five six seven, oh five, well he's in date. He's in Miami five six seven, oh five 60 and pound five 60. We'd out of our last call. Here's homestead, hello. Hello, me. Yes, sir. What's up with them concerned who he was in that? I was going on. They said I've been young as something. We like seeing that. Like a flash man. And that's right. And you know that? Oh, you know that? TNA B&D. ABC 2. A-A-N-A-B-C. B-R-C-K-2. Right. Hey, can I put a request though? Maybe. You remember like, are them complaints you used to get? And then poll people call the new and stuff? Can you put that phone in there? Can I play that? I'm not. I lost it the way these are phones are going. I can play every one of them. They'll have to hold right to the show. There you go. God bless you, sir. Hey. And don't forget. Torced sterilization. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line the most bizarre time. I mean, air has been all through the air-re kind of machination that's possible on these shows for over 22 years and it's done. And now all of a sudden we're like, hey, there's something going on. We get you can smell it. You can feel it. Maybe Jeff Heiz got something to do with it. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, love your show. That fact you got similar to the one you received as far as the airways that be a YF. Just write comments. Just want to comment on one thing. It seems that everyone who is not American always wants to pick on an F-incretape, which they don't belong to. They would just kind of make their F-nicer go the better they could stop, even they'd find us. Meaning what? Meaning that the society we live in is always picking on somebody else. Why does everybody have to be part of an ethnic group? Why can't we be individuals? Why can't we be people? Why do we have to be professional, specs and professionals? Whatever else, okay? What's this? See, I'm telling you, you can say all you want. All right. There is more. I had one of the day got cut off in midsins. This guy's on there. All of a sudden, like, right in the middle of the, there's something going on with these phones. Okay. I've been doing this a hundred years. Boys and girls. And anybody that tells me that something they've been poshied around with our on this whole radio station. But hey, don't confuse them because the program directors ought to launch the engineers out busy trying to Recondition the 500-year-old car machine with a head-sold truck tood up. Yeah, we can't be worried about that stuff. Just all you people out there buy some advertising pay your bill. You want to buy some Orleans baseball. Oh. What are you doing? What are you running around for? What was that all about? A suspicion. That's what? That's somebody's using the shared lines and, I guess, what? Somebody is somebody's in the shared line. Because once we pick them up and put them on hold. But like, what did I tell you when we were downstairs? See, this is what I don't like. Not that we ought to be able to have our, or should have to have our own phone numbers. But people are punching around with the phone in the other room. One of three rooms. They all use, this is four. These are the, on the airlines. Why should they be touching these lines? They're touching these lines in the other room. Because the lines are dark and the interns don't know that. In turns, my ass. The interns are, I've been around with our phone. Well, they don't know that there are funds. Seriously, someday, I promise you, someday I'll work on a real radio station again. I'm, I'm sorry that right now. I just, this is made up my mind. Because this is, this is so far from being a real radio station. This is, this is a joke. This is an embarrassment. We're on here in the middle of a call, and all of a sudden, you know, because we got some tin-y-roll kid out there who's a Jackson ifer, who's, farting around with our phones. It's safe. In my early childhood, I was five, so, W, you, you, and... Yes, sir. I'll, I'll do respect to, I just want to let you know that I was able to make contact with the FCC and Washington DC, and they said they're going to send me information in a package. As far as making a formal complaint, about the new Roger show and the format. And I'll fill with people that contact the Christian coalition, Ralph Stores, and we might be able to organize a group of people that can call the sponsors. And all the spots during the new Roger show and complaint, and possibly let us know that we will not be shopping in their stores, as long as the commercial group is land during the new Roger show, which is not a show, it's a scene and pretty disgusting. Now all this can be avoided if you guys change your format, tone it down, and ask that disgusting pig to stop talking about anal sex. So it's in your hands, so you can go. I feel that you guys are turning it down a little bit, and I will probably not go ahead and probably complain. Otherwise, it's ready to go. So I just, it's a pig. Right. Okay, that's not like a VL trip from other good Christian. Concert Christians, and I was how many months ago, and we're still here. You notice we suffer from a real shortage of spots, have you noticed that? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty at a mobile one line. See, I'm personally going to take charge of this phone thing, because I want you to stop and think about this. If it's the same code system we had before, it's the same numbers. Now the whole place has got these numbers, right? But if it's the same system, why would the lines be different up here than they were downstairs? Because they added more, meaning what? What do you mean by that? Like you know, when the big telephone room with all the wires, you know, you understand, when they add an extra line, the only thing it rolls over to another line, but everything had to be totally out of it. And then you can't leave your load and we don't get here. What do you listen to me? These don't roll over. I think what we have is like the old choke exchange thing. I think that's what we're dealing with here. It's no seriously. It's been like this every day that we've been in this room, every day. This is the seventh day. We are dealing with the choke exchange. There is something about the whole way that this phone system is set up now. And you said you're doing the one there out. We see the phone calls they get in the morning show. Worst in this, not existent. And when I'm here in the Humper yesterday on here up there in Viera, and he's saying anybody interested in anything. I mean like a, and then they got one mobile guy in there with a bad mobile phone. And he had to go in that was the end of that. And that was it for like about 20 minutes. See, the per, and you know something I'm glad I didn't buy a desk for nimble notes over here down the hall. I'm glad I didn't buy him a desk because he is a pussy. And he does nothing for us. All of these things are things that he should be involved with. And I mean, if you come right out of me and say, who's running this place? Why are there people sitting around there? People we can't even identify, farting around with our phone with the on earphones in the other room because nobody is running this joint. They're just a bunch of bodies all over the place. Doing. All of these things. Right. So what tell do I need to buy him a guy? If he's too much of a pussy demand his own desk, then let him sit there and like he's in kindergarten. Would you be a good place for him? By the way, whimp. See everything always has to be reduced. You can never discuss with these people anything serious. It's always got to be, you know, with the elbow and joke it around. Ah, hi, yeah, really, yeah, I'm honored by the fact that you would think about buying me to. Let's start dealing with some things with like business. All these things. Right. Which I know is not in your vocabulary around here. Here's how and Dale. Hello. How and Dale. Hello. Yes. Why don't you talk about the time when you will read that? Why don't you talk about the tiny reward two hundred years ago. You old fart. You disgusting old fossil. You pathetic. Sunny Rosenberg doing a call. That's what we're reduced to now. Okay. You pathetic old piece of crap. Why don't you wrap there and have some peace for lunch with my end up there. And I end up in a condo. Okay. You pathetic old old fossil. You're what's wrong with this. You're a good dancer. You and your ilk. You're all being put on a bus. We're all sitting in need of God damn Venice. And we're not talking Italy. Let's send a bus east to Venice, Italy. See how that flies. Five set. Five station that's more your job. Roll your like it. Okay. Turn on. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael. Tell me what kind of explosive. grooves are or if you haven't mostly dialed copy. Is it a real, actual? What about serious. Bнейsey? What a features two inputs can be, one-part of it, and so let go. Two inputs, handle buttons. Uh, can it be? There are Page8. There are Page8. My master read this think about idea one inch. Actually there was some examples of the idea that that. The idea is that you could look a little bit less on it editor, you understand. The quality of a first and then project, you're not into setting the table. Yeah. the most of the time. I can't do this. What real stations that you work for? I mean, I know you always bitch in about 560, but it has there been one before, is it just they all suck pretty much. In other words, I just came on here, been on the American 22 years, I just started here 14 months ago, is that the idea? I have you worked for one before that you actually didn't complain about. That idea. What kind of a phone do you got, sir? Look, look. Yeah. Okay, here's a Fort Modern Dale. See, they're getting home material. So let's not attack Neil. We got nothing else to say, so let's attack Neil. Fort Modern Dale. Hello. I'm a sitting here on my lunch break watching a rapist. And I got news for it, by the way, I would be head of problems, but it was light years ahead of this place, even when passionate on it would go head, sir. Hey, I'm sitting here watching a rapist talking about how he's got a centruped over the coast of Oak. Yeah, rapist, huh? 560, 560, Pond 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing now? 6 seconds of waiting for this call. There we got instant service today. These were total real callers with real brains. I'm down here in the big county near. Yeah. And yeah, these people around here, they just don't understand your style. You know, you're doing your thing. What do you think they don't understand my style? I've been doing this for 100 years. What, when we have to start explaining like I just came on a year yesterday because we're in a different room or something. What are you people talking about? Of course. I'm talking about your style, your style and what are they listening for? They don't like it. What are they listening for? Why would anybody listen if they don't like it? Because your answer is... Exactly. I'll listen every day and if you say something I don't agree with it. I don't like that. I've got an error every time a substitute for having anything to say about anything is let the attack whoever the host is. And especially Neil because Yada Yada is filling the blank. You don't want to say, they got no material. I read over the fact that I've pointed out that this whole town is run dry. They have nothing going on in their lives because they're here, maybe. I don't listen to book Daniels in there. There you go. That's right up there. Really? A lot of the most of the battling works. That's what went up there, Ellie. I don't have any expectations. He's not done in this market. That's fine. No, no. Yeah, can I make one request, I think? Maybe. Yeah, I haven't heard the buffalo bill with a plastic surgery. Could you play that? I haven't heard it in a while. Yeah, okay. He hasn't heard that in a while. Is that, is that sad? Since yesterday, right? Today's Tuesday yesterday was Monday. Did we play yesterday? Yeah. We play yesterday. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. But see, that's the other substance. When you have no material, if you either attack the host or make a request. It's a substance to do for material. For having anything to say about anything. This is South Florida, baby. About anything. This facts that I just read here a few minutes ago. They should have had these phone lines blazing. Did it? No. A group of concern citizens. Repressive. The native, minded people. To believe in censorship and let's, you know, we never met our fascist. We didn't like. Boy, here's plantation. Hello. And you'll have to do it. Okay. You have the funniest guy ever. In clothing? No, no call. No material. I'm the funniest guy ever. In closing? I'm, you know, something. I'm going to, I think we're going to have the phone taken out of here. You know, even if I have to talk four hours every day, I was thinking about this yesterday after I left. I didn't think about it. I think we're going to have the police. You know, we're going to have the police. You know, we're going to have the police. You, people, are the worst car. I mean, the list. I don't know. I would never call a talk show myself anyway. But you're figuring an area of four and a half million people in having done this all these years, and having allegedly this big audience. And, you know, once upon a time we actually had people calling what's up in the say. But you figure out a four and a half million people. After on and why do I even waste my time like the first 50 minutes this morning. Go on through all of these things. And remember the very first call I said, well, if I can just change gears for me. talking about something inane about the lemon lore or something about buying his car with the oil days on day is little baby car. Little teeny baby car on the Hyundai. I got to when you can afford to buy a real car or not a Hyundai call me back and I'll talk you okay. I'm not saying a Corvette. I realize you'll never, we don't want you driving a Corvette. But like a real car like maybe a lumina, you know. When you can afford a lumina, a cellica, we like to wear as we like to tampon. And when you afford a real car, call us back, not with your Hyundai. Can you imagine how much it cost to change the oil on the Hyundai? What about 75 cents? That's right. In fact, what you got to do is go down to certain parts of town. You can get the, you know, just squeeze somebody's nose. You get enough oil to stick in that piece of crap. I don't want to see what parts of town. Here's a mobile and pepper pines. Tell us. Uh huh. Great. So, 550, 560 on the mobile one line and back catcher and have an ice, a pace off. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You got to understand you're dealing with more, pretty uneducated, uh, populist. Would you? No. Which actually brings them an extra point. I wanted to talk about this judge that ruled that the NCAA cannot use a minimum test scores on the F-8T of the ATT now. Right. So, allow to, you know, screen out certain athletes to go to college. So, now all these colleges have to rely on now or their high school grades, which everybody knows that, you know, the ice, athletes, get whatever they coach. Right. That's right. So, I'll fix it. It's, uh, it was something incredible. So, why do we have to have an NCAA? Why do we have to keep putting the illiterate people? Why can't we just have a special league, a special division, for people who are great athletes, but are morons, okay? And pay them, you know, pay them like is somewhere between amateurs and professionals. And probably a few bucks. And then stop lying and stop all day, hit hypocrisy at the NCAA. It's just that, uh, oh, I see. It's like the Olympic committee, you know, with all their bribes and bullcrum. A minor league for all these sports. Right. But that's right. And if anything else, something. So, let's take all those, those, uh, scholarships, those athletic scholarships. And let's make some academic scholarships with them. People in the brain. There you go. And then some people in college who might actually do something beside Jam of God and basketball in a hoop. Well, the judge is reasoning was that the tests were culturally biased and therefore, yeah, you know, so, you know, I guess because the tests, uh, just like all the people making, uh, legitimate babies, it's a cultural thing. I know. Okay. Thanks for the good news, sir. 670560, Pomp 560 on a mobile one line. It's 1256 at 2AM. You'll beg at you, racers. You'll be here. Hey, hey, you're telling the truth, God damn it. That's it. What are phones, Daniel? Abastid, you jackass. The Neil Roger show on 560, WQAM, Miami Fort Lauderdale. It's the largest, the two of our all-wear. The Harold Conspiracy's one here. Get me a small, more powerful. The Nauvaise's first time on the land. I know that this would happen soon, or later. Time's fine, don't tell me you do that. And I know, I buy it. What about the hat of capitalism. When I saw feeling soft learning cenki and came out so tightly locked and were slain and beautiful. I'm out! Right now, I'm on the Morantho. Will take us, and ain't enough, I'm not aware. I'll have to know what other dog I'm fighting on, I'm out of home. Or when I get the new thousand, That you're no more to fight. That's what we need to be right. I thought, well, everything was better. Not my father has kept thinking to their side. Oh, yes, or come to find out, Dan La Bastard from the Miami, Harold is the one in there who's poshking around with our phone while we're on the year. Try to do a guide to him, show under desperate situation. Dan La Bastard, that idiot, what are you doing there? I'm going to land with you for a car. I believe it. I believe it. This is the guy, remember that wrote to the most anxious sports column in the history of this market after the Marlins won the World Series? Remember reading that shortly after we came back on the year. Oh, yeah, well, I'm a Cuban. That's why I was brought. Not because it was the Marlins, not because it was our local team because Levi won the game. It was the MVP and Levi won his cube. And they're all I'm Cuban after all, yeah. Where we'll impress. Go eat some, you know, that horse meat. Get off our phone and air you idiot. Should I know what was some asshole from the Harold? Here's Palm Beach Gardens, hello. Palm Beach Gardens. Oh, God. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay. I just wanted to congratulate the Rangers on their outstanding job against the Lightning last night. Yeah. Yeah. And hopefully, don't keep up the work and come down. Okay, thank you. Okay, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T Wireless Monitor's a mobile and pop-in, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I'm sorry that you're having an awful, awful week. Yeah. You sound like part of the problem. You think so? Yeah, you sound like one of the cr... one of the cronuses. No, I'm... Hornecis. Actually, I'm laying down taking an app after the watch. I'm surprising, nobody has talked about this more than we're about to get into Frux. We've more reason at all than we've ever. Uh-huh. And why is that? Because there's lottering people innocent people over there. We just thought of sit back and watch because they don't affect you. And let's worry about more about baseball games and Cuba. That's what we ought to be worth talking about. Something really that affects our lives. 560 and 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in the seabring, hello. Yeah, I think you know how are you today? Okay, sir. I moved up to Highlands County five years ago out of Papua, no. Yeah. All the people I run into, gentlemen, that runs a radio station, a little country station in the seabring. It was big-clanked the same as he was your old roommate. My old roommate? Job meter. No, he wasn't my roommate. You say you worked at an old, a little radio station? Yeah, it's going to be a little bit of a week. It's going to be the same divide because of airpiece though. How's Johnny doing? He's a real gentleman, he's a real sweetheart. He's a good guy, yeah. Real sweetheart, he's a big-sile. How about you say he's a sweetheart, but he's a good guy? Yeah, he's just like I said, say what? He's a martial missionary. He was the general manager in martial. Michigan at a radio station that doesn't exist anymore. WMRR. Well, he said the radio station, the office was in an apartment. He said there was a lady upstairs and used to love to play the mansion. He only had some early morning and real loud. No, no, we used to have the engineer and I. Harvey used to go in there at night and play music. The speakers were on the ceiling. And she lived up above him. We just blasted him. The speakers would be shaking. They'd be, you know, and she would she would start the vacuum cleaner. She'd start vacuuming. She'd start knocking on a floor where they're broom. Anything that tried to shut us up was great. Yeah. That's exactly what I started to learn to despise old people. And when I was in martial music, and I still do. Well, I'm sure that would keep us up. Say how to Johnny. I will. Thank you, Bill. Johnny, meter, there's a good guy. Oh, he threw the years in his business. I met a few good people, five or ten, 20. Fine, then I came here to this station. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T, what else? We got some jack ball from the Harold in there. Recording a show for ESPN radio that we carry on a weekend. So it comes in here and dittles with our equipment. That's the kind of places. This is a stepchild place. Everybody in their brothers got their fingers in this joint. Well, they're fingers in their rectum. Okay, so I'm sure glad I didn't buy him any desk. Is there anybody in charge? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. We have you. Great. Listen, I called the sheath. You're giving anything away today. No. How about dials off? And he's already got the phone turned up. Nice, Governor. Sir, boys faster than I am. For an old fart. He's already got the phone turned up. So I can hear the side of his own crappy voice. The loop Miami died. Just write it down in your calendar's voice and girls. You think it was, do we turn to spring? It wasn't spring. It was the end of the world as we knew it in this time. This is the week your city, your county, your, this part of the state. This typically peninsula died. And I'm sitting here worried about the goddamn phone. Who the hell am I kidding? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 10, 5. I mean, I could, I could get into God damn rubber room somewhere. In a straight jacket and then get better material. Just talking to my, just mumbling out of my breath. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, on the AT&T Wattles line. 9 minutes after one and 5, 60, Q, and a hand goldberg from the loopen. The loopen. Oh, yeah. Anybody got to my team? That was, yeah. Lipton and two o'clock. And we got the big pad, booster. 6 o'clock and captain of the night at 10. You know, I think this could be the last day we take any calls on this show. You know, and please don't tell me you know, that you listened to this show because you want to hear these asshole colors because I don't believe that anybody's act on. Like that last hour we did yesterday. I mean, would anybody want to ever duplicate that again? Oh, in your line. Oh, no. All that was was just said commentary on this town. Not on me or on the show on any even as a station. Sand, tragic, even those cornices. How the cornices are doing, by the way. Oh, that's going to be a sitcom on Fox by the way. The cornices. The cornices. The western government had a good one. The American cheesecats would remind you that everything tastes better with cheese. I hate broccoli, except when my mom helps cheddar cheese on top. Then I even ask for second. Yes, there's nothing like cheese. There may things taste terrific. I'm a side-show geek in a circus and I ground glass for a living. My secret, I top the shards with grated farmers on. It tastes great and the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right. Nothing. Stop things off like a big sweaty glob of cheese. My husband likes me to do him, but I hate the taste. So I just wrap it in an individual's life American cheese. It goes down easy. It can not make it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So, however, don't forget this cheese. 14 at 5. 6. I'm here's our last call of the day. It's always fascinating to sit here and watch these, a plank off like one at a time, like the plank home game on a price is right. And you kind of wonder, are they like dropping off or maybe somebody got a magic finger somewhere? You know, now I'm starting to get a little bit paranoid. Especially when I have to buy me a hurl that's got their finger in it. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, New Yorker. Okay. I'm a pissed off Cuban after you have read that. How does it happen? Cornish. Cornish. Cornish. Cornish. Your corn is sir. No, I'm not. Yes, you are. Cornish. No, just one other thing. You're trying to break it. I'm a call of a 50,000 times a day sir. If you think I don't know that voice, even with a Julio sound, I know you. 8 million times a day. You and your two little boyfriends. Okay, my decoines, my decoines, my decoines. They probably have macaroni, my decoines and cheese for lunch every day. Especially on Friday. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 7. 8. 10. 8. And here's a mobile in Miami. 10. 6. 5. 6. 10. 6. 7. 7. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 9. 6. 7. 7. And they all remember when I called you and told you about the little voice box with a little sound But what? The little voice box with a sound Why are we gonna do that? With a rack? Um, let me check these all this, that one? Okay, 560, 50560, 2560 on the AT&T World of Slime, Spicketing, Layspeller. I have no idea what you're talking about. Here's a mobile and hollywood hello. Any, how are you? Okay, sure. Good. Couple click and four year. One, I love listening to you show because I love the venom that comes out here. There's gotta be something about Miami that you like. Yeah. Anything about Miami that you like? The weather. The weather. Okay, secondly, what is it that you like about Miami? Sir, what do we got going here? I think, from the last two down here. I'm from Michigan originally and I know that everybody in their brother wants to come to vacation down here. No, they don't. Not anymore, not if they're smart. What if they're allowed to do it down here? Huh? There is a lot to do it down here. Like what? Like what? Well, all in comparison to little town USA, there's a lot of stuff to do down here. I'm sure you would agree. No, I would not. That was boring places I've ever been in my life. Second question. Second question. First, we're old people to go out and play golf. Second, well, if you enjoy golf, that's good place for golf then. Second question for you. I tell you, I can appreciate good food and I'm trying to find a piece of ice for lobster in anywhere in Broward County. If you have any suggestions, it'd be greatly appreciated. Ice for lobster for our food. Well, the used to be a good place down 130-pits in Biscayne, the Shea County. Number several years ago. The Shea County? Yeah, the Shea County. Remember them? That was a dump. The Shea County? The Shea County wasn't bad for lobster. That was like right across the wood. Was that where Rocky Grossee and I used to be there? It was before your time. I used to be Rocky Grossee and I used to be in town in place. What about up in the Broward area? What about anything? What about the roots of Chris? Get your great lobster, great steak. That's what I wanted to know. Okay. Thank you very much. I'm Tom Arsens, you get the Tom Rymers buying. 567. And by the way, we're going to get a good cheeseburger. 56705. I'm going to Vegas. Tell me where I get a good meal. Where's the good buffet in Vegas? Where's the good 711 over there? Where's the good Echord's out there? They got Echord's out there? I was a good store. Where's the good Walgreens? And I can't even know the Vegas. By the way, whatever happened to all that deal with National, I was talking to a Brian and she'll have this morning. It was a good guy. By the way, there's another lot of our good guys. See, we got a few. And he was telling me about wanting to go to Vegas in June. And he said, you go to a travel agent when you do all your traveling, like somebody local here and I said, no. Well, he probably thought I was going to hook him up with Bob Lincoln. I said, no. Oh, you don't want to do that. I want to. I mean, I do appreciate those books Bob, and I sure appreciate our good friend Richard getting me on that great airline over to Europe now. But do I want to hook him up with Bob Lincoln to get to Vegas? No, no, not after those trips. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good thing. Number one, the cell phone Palmetto is another mess. Traffic picked up. Stay away from you. You know, you got to do it. Get out of your car and take a survey. Find out who those assholes are. The driving at Palmetto expressway. Those people are, they got to be deported immediately. That's why that load is always a nightmare. I passed the lady driving 50 miles an hour in the left lane. And she had a French flag for the front license plate. There you go. She's usually drive home. There you go. Number two, I've been calling you for years. Your phone's suck. If we have to time, you get dropped or something happens. You know, they're definitely, there's some kind of conspiracy going on. Yeah, there's a problem here. We got a real major problem in our program directors. And in fact, our program directors, he's trying to call George on his phone and Aaron George's phone is broken in there. So the conversation's last about seven seconds. And they keep getting disconnected. And they will not give us stuff in here that works. That's the bottom line. They will. And people under all your bitch. Yeah, because yeah, why not give us stuff that works in here? You're not being paranoid about that. Number three, I'd like to vote for you never taking calls again, including this one. Okay. Okay. I'm serious tomorrow. Maybe the day because this was this last week. It started. You know, this week yesterday and today, I mean, you got no material. Yeah. Well, let's attack near you. You're a racist. You're in a mine of corn. You're a son of a bitch. You're I know, yeah. And we know all those things. 5. 5. 6705. 660. Like I said before, the facts we got from those concern citizens about channel 20 trace that alone. And then what do we get? We get that corn is on there. That little curse on the human race with his two boyfriend. They're sitting there rubbing each other raw. In fact, they got their own power tool. That's how they start those glory holes. They got their own personal power tool that they're drilling with. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to break a major story in your show, your state. Yeah. 20 mortgages going to sign with the ball. Couldn't care less. Okay. Fine. Couldn't care less. Nobody cares. How about 20 Marvin from the author God for sure? Is he going to sign with it all? Definitely my care. By the way, this sports station. And then, LeBas did know you big sports writers. You big shots. Did they ever get the Jimmy Johnson's story right? No. No. Including all the experts on this station. Did they ever get the fact? No. Will they ever get it? No. And then, who will deal about how we blackmail Wayne in it? No. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, I am. Yeah. Listen. I just was listening to show on the radio. On the pop-up toaster, yes. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, I want to talk about this stupid fact that you got today. Yeah. I sincerely doubt that it was from the Latin community because I remember the Latin community. And we had that. And what does that mean the Latin community? Well, what are we in Cuba and Dominican? There's no such thing as the Latin community. All the groups you just mentioned, Haiti each other, like Poison. Yeah, I know. But you know what I'm talking about. What does that mean? The Latin community. What does that mean? People who are Latin. Anyway, I did. Yeah. There are three people. Latin TV show show in skin has been going on since I don't know. Adam and Eve, let's say. Thank God. And that's the only reason anybody would ever watch because the acting is so bad. And all of it is so bad. So Bush league done. But nevertheless, people want to see naked flesh, right? Anyway, I think that's 10. These people are like the radio. And 11. Angle, that's all I want to say. Just say sexuality and things of that thing. I think they're just idiot, angle feminists. We just hate sexuality. Angle, so. Well, so in other words, we don't have any repressive latins in date. Counties that was a trans thing. Believe me, I would go on for one. Yes. So what are you saying in the middle of all this? No, what is it you're saying, sir? I just think that it was a bunch of people who are not from. They are who are not Latin. They are concerned. So you know, you're starting to sound like George now. You know, every time some, uh, speak, does some aberrant thing. Oh, no, must have been, you know, every time some Cuban December, oh, it's a weekend, you know, and all this bull crap. Why don't you face it, okay? Why don't you face up to the fact that you love the tista, you like repression. Freedom of speech means only when you believe we can say something that's freedom, etc. And so on, right? Yeah. And five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T wireless lines. Always somebody else. We didn't do it. The dog done it. That Anglo dog done it. And that guy was a reek. No, he was not. He was talking to his wife. He was running. He was getting like a sick tongue. He was Brazilian. He couldn't say his eyes. He was, he was dressed in drag like all of a vision. There's a lady mobile in four lotterdale. Hello. Hi, me. Yes, man. Hi. I really thought you were going to leave yesterday. I'm not going anywhere. I'm not showing up every day. I take the check. I'm not going anywhere. I know you were like going probably, but I was, you know, because you're so good. I'm, and everybody would miss. I'm so good, but the audience is getting worse and worse and worse and worse. You're so mean with them, though. And that's, it might be in my car. I'm being mean to you. No. Are we having a conversation? Yeah, but I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to fix that. Let me just say this. Because if they're boring or they're idiotic, I'm not going to keep them on a year. I know. A lot of them are idiotic. If they got something to say, I'll listen. But you were the first one to tell me about the French Canadians coming down. I couldn't believe they are the first. Scum of the earth. They're such sheep. And they are driving is the worst. Yeah, and all you know is we, we, we, we, we, we, that's all they know. They're in the way they know. They don't get a chance. We, we, we, that's all they know. Yeah. They cut and sunny you constantly. Yeah. And they try like, you know, why do you think the rest of the country wants to cut Quebec out and just up there and Canada and just set it off into the ocean somewhere? Right now. Up to the Arctic Circle. But the lot, and I mean, you know, they, they really need to start to get a little bit more of the way. They really need to start speaking English. They need to start getting with the program. I mean, I have to do like, and stop listening to all this casserole stuff and worry about our the Orioles going to play a baseball game in Cuba. They ought to start getting with a goddamn program and start assimilating and stop eating all that horse meat and have a good day. I feel like they're in jail everyday. I gotta go. She wants to start with bilingualism. You're so mean, no, I'm just tired of hearing that crap. Call of Sandy Peyton. She likes that. Ask her how ambitious doing. Ask her if Anne Beckham ever healed up. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a 18T wireless line. What's that? I won't you know, it's not, we know what it isn't. It's a bunch of CDs, but I don't think they're from Tracy. No. No, I know it's not from them. Maybe it's something we might want. Maybe it's something we might give away. No, never again. That's a video. Okay. Point of graphic, I hope. Oh, maybe it's the people from concerned citizens naked. That might be what it is. 130 to 560 WQM, you're not for, not ready for prime time station for the 90s. We got multiple explorers. We got spots that are like feeding back through the board because we got 10 year old kids putting. This is the only place I can imagine in the world where they would buy a piece of equipment like the old. You know, the computer system, the place spots on here to play commercials. And then they put in distorted stuff and they have two year old kids putting stuff in there who don't know their Ask from your armpit who wouldn't know a board if it was in there deep in there. You know, and we're here in one more, you know what this is like. It's like taking us all the way back to the beginning after I thought they were making a little bit of progress. Remember that those first weeks. And I'm the only one who seemed to care because these people are either tone deaf or they just don't give a crap. And we had all those muddy carts and muddy this and all were getting the audio vault. See if our Greg read, I wouldn't be walking around with my 3P suit on like a big shot. I'd be walking around like hiding is what I would be doing, which he does a lot anyway. I'd be hiding. I wouldn't want my name associated with this product here. Associated with this swill. I just had our program director come here and stick his head in the car machine. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. And it's still in there. Hello. For a lot of Dale. Going one. Going twice better hurry up right. Better get with it. Well, yes sir. Oh, I'm sorry. I just had the way from the phone. That's okay. So the way. Listen, you know, I thought that these, these all these guys, they keep calling you about this bridge. I got a little insight into the phone. What about this bridge, Tennessee? Bridge dinner. It's older than your grandma. I know, but I've done, I got a friend of mine that knows that guy that's calling you. He isn't calling us in that that call was done like eight years ago, ten years ago. No, I'm saying these guys that keep calling up and wanting to hear it. Yeah. This guy actually does work at the 17th Street Cosway Bridge. And his story is that he's got some like a lawsuit going to get you. And that's the reason that you all play it. Is that true? Is that any lawsuit against anybody? Something that you said about like, you know, wrong, wrong, wrong. Wrong. We all play it because the first of all this guy isn't a bridge tender number one. We just call it a bridge tender. That's number one. And number two, get a life. Is that incredible? Yeah, we can't play it. One moment please. Got to be in the internet and then they'll lie on the mountain. They'll be in the internet and they'll lie on the mountain. They'll lie on the mountain. They'll lie on the mountain. They'll lie on the mountain. They'll lie on the mountain. We'll go ahead and let them know. We've done it. We've done it. We've done it. We've done it. We've done it. We've done it. We've done it. Where's that damn cart? Between. It was piled up with the ones on the side. We're over by the cart machine. It might be on the floor there. Which one, which cart? The bridge tender. The one that had the extra braces. Well, I don't know about you, but you sound like, um, where is that? It had all kinds of exes up. I mean, the label you could see it from a million miles away. Another great benefit of moving up here to the third floor. Maybe it fell under the counter down there. Maybe it fell in your hand. 133.5.60 WQAM. Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Hey, Newhouse York. I think this guy, he thought by saying that. He was going to get me to play the bridge tender. Which I'm not going to play because we've heard it many times. Nobody wants to hear it. Yes, sir. I've never heard it. I couldn't tell you. Good. You missed nothing. I got older than you man. Moses. You think that? Yes, sir. This curse of a thing. How do you think so I'm dealing with it? Number two. Number two. If you don't have any callers, what do you can have to talk about? Let me ask you something. Do I have plenty to talk about every day on this show? Well, the only thing I've heard you're really talking about is people calling and then you've been to that. Okay. Well, listen to tomorrow. Do you hear the first hour did I take any calls the first 50 minutes today? No. See, and again, what are these people listening for? What are they listening for? Here's a mobile in Miami, Lake. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. But, son, talk to me to watch you wrestling with them last night. And I thought of you. You know why? You're holding up signs that said whatever, often this or whatever that. I took him to a wrestling match here at the center about three months ago. Yeah. Just before they came out or went on the air. Of all the signs that they had there and some of them were pretty nasty. The ones they kept confiscating were the ones calling different wrestlers gay. And I didn't think about it until last night. I thought, wait a minute, you will stay in last week to these guys were gay. And that must be why they were confiscating only the signs that said, so once they was gay, or so it was clear, whatever. Yeah. So again, you know, it's a fact thing, money. Anybody that can't tell that one guy hops on the other one. When a guy gets down on all fours and puts his ass up in the air. And the other guy mounts him. I mean, if we have to draw you a diagram, sir, then God help us all. Oh, baby, because I wasn't in a neighborhood. I'm talking about it. I'm talking about it. I'm talking about it. I'm talking about it. The Scottish Infinityarth. The ones that were the killed, I don't know what you were saying. But you should have something prettyARRugerneyk's stupid idiot, stupid idiot or idiot idiot diaru, . . . ugly idiot dak idiot. . . . ugly idiot dak idiot dak idiot 2016- . . . . . So what's this point? Okay, I'm going to open line in somewhere. where 560, 750, 50, 60, P on 560 on the AT&T world of slime. Here's a mobile and bureau B, chillin'. Hey. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, Mirage. What is it? Mirage. Mirage what? You said you wanted to get placed to eat and Vegas. 560, 750, 50, 50, 60, P on 560 on the AT&T. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, I don't know back of you. Yeah, I don't. Let's go to Naples, hello. What up, Neo? How you doing, sir? All right. I think that color was a Mirage. That's possible. Yeah. I think this showed it this week has been a Mirage. This has to be a Figma to my imagination. No, I think that's real. And that's why I'm calling. I want to talk about that butt head. Let the message about threatening you with the FCC and all that other crap. Yeah. Hey, buddy. If you don't like this show, don't listen. He loves it. He loves it. I want to listen. We don't want to hear you. We think of the supply will listen. He's a, when he said bull crap, he said bull crap. He said bull crap. You couldn't hear it. Well, you could hear it. I don't care. 560, 70, well, he just got emotional. 560, 70, 550, and P on 560 on the AT&T. Why don't you smile? He don't want to hear people complaining. Like he said, it's a free country. And of course, that guy happened to be another one of yours by the way. You're on a, who's Columbia. I think. No, we like the Columbia. He was a provian. Well, I don't know any provian. So yeah, we can't get them pissed off. Hello, I am a black female American. Oh, well. And I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 610, 8M currently. And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they're talking about people are welfare because they're a more white people. I'm welfare in America. Then black. There's more white trash out there. They're not trying to get job. They just want to lay around and have babies from black people. And I want to appreciate it if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sticking tired of it. And I will call my lawyer. Yeah. But you're here for an Anglo-Till? Let's see. What is this? A Stevie Tyler's ex-wings and a response. Okay. Just wanted to have some facts. Here's seeing if there's anything worth why which I don't. I was just in Westland and the Julio's calling you out and full force in the tea rooms, writing phone numbers on the wall from drilling, grrr, glory holes. Oh. All right. It says those Julio boys will stick anything in their mouth. Oh. Okay. Yeah, they're busy over there at the upenies team. I think that's what they're doing most of the business. So I hear. I want to give you the real thing here now. See ya. They're not. I watched a wrestling match. Woohoo. Who men with sweaty cracks? They would try to grab each other as a rock. Every nothing more than the tiny cheese draft. But when they break the bell and the match was over. Oh, no. I can't. I can't. I can't. Help us notice. I had a big bow now. I want to be a red alert. Okay. And kind of a man's scratch wrapped around my mouth. I want to be a red alert. Right here. And you can see this pushing inside and out. Oh, I admit it seems a little guy. I have to be the mother of my life. Oh, when I pull my hands away, I get to smell my finger. You know that other than sometimes to train, you don't need to have much of a brain as long as in the shower after you work out. You don't mind wasting someone's balls in your mouth. I told them that white jeans can be messy and too smelly. That's why they like to rub that K-Y on their belly. Okay. I want to be a red alert. And they're gaining more runs just like you. I want to be a red alert. And maybe run for governor too. As long as there's a track of crowd, I don't mind going down. Rubber seat differences, they're relaxed with some clumpy queer. Welcome. Okay. Sixty. Well, I had my finger on part of it. Sixty until two or five, sixty WCU. I'm so anyway, everybody's very impressed that I have a heads-up display. Right? In my vet that is. Yeah, Duff study had one too. I said how about your car? No, not yet. That was just before he took his head out of my car machine. But at any rate, yeah, I got a heads-up display in my new Corvette, which, uh, yeah, let's, uh, okay. The car is great though. Oh. Greg Nelson at Lubeback Road is God. Oh, what a guy, man. And goodbye to FU, thanks forever by the way. That poor era, both of their, they got busted with the handcuffs and everything. He's not the only guy that hates those bastards. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir? What is wrong with these people? Anyone? They call in with all this crap. They give you hard time. I used to listen to your show constantly. Now I'm in the office. They come back on the show. You got good stuff. Yeah. Then I got to put on this baseball on the last two days. What kind of baseball on there? There was no baseball yesterday. Sir, there is no baseball today. There wasn't baseball on yesterday. No. It's a Monday then. No, yesterday was Monday. Last time I told you, you're thinking of Thursday and Friday. She liked this passing. It's five so fast. There's the end Friday. And guess what? This Thursday again, we got another boring game. That's right. Nobody wants to hear. Maybe you're thinking that yesterday, Hank, they said all the way up there to Viera to sit there in the middle of that stupid ball game. To do a show from a ball game. And we still don't know what he was doing up there. And he did a G. They got to get the baseball off. You got to have your show come. Yeah. Anyway, I like it. I'm starting to push for 10 to 50 starts for the ball games. Don't let them give you a hard time. Hey, sure. You tell it like you're here Thursday. Hey, they manage all I care about. Have a great day. I'll drive out in my brand new vet with my heads up display. Is that something about Buffalo and that trade they made by any chance? Let's see. Saber's got center Joey Juno. Now it's Joey Juno. By the way, Juno used to be Joey Juno. But now it's Joey Juno. And a third round draft pick for the. Now who is that? Defenseman Alaxi Tezica. I've never heard of him. Did you ever hear him? Some are some are risky. Never heard and I watched the Saber's a lot. I never heard so he must be some of Flunky and future considerations. And the red wings we already told you got a window car and a six round draft pick for a 99 four goalie Kevin Hodson and a 99 second round pick. That's about it. And Tom Torsky went to where he go. Calgary. That was last night. So there you go. And not to exciting so far. Who leaves good anybody yet? No. Panthers. Anybody with care about? No. Dammit. Ranger stick in the joint out. You know, so every time Gritsky they had that horrible street Gritsky gets into they started playing better. He comes back last night. Tampa blows him out. Six to three right there in Tampa. Oh my god. In front of him about any interest in fans. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, man. First time long time. All right. You are such a food meal. I love listening to these people think that they're going to disturb my car. We'll air their dreamers. I'm having a time in my life. Me. I want something to tell you that you asked about a long time ago. Yes, man. Do you remember when we went to the hot again and the Jamaicans were having the soccer match? Do I remember? Yeah. Do I ever? And you asked if anyone knew how many Jamaicans they were in the United States? Yeah, man. Well, by the way, it's funny you mentioned us because we're going to be smoking some good Jamaican weed on here tomorrow during the show. But anyways, my point is I read the paper and this is a while of those so it's probably changed but that the total population of Jamaican whatever it that is. Two hundred. One six to them are here. What about? One of the six of all the Jamaicans in the world are here? Yes sir. Oh my god. Well, I guess they had to bring a lot more in to keep the weed supply up on South Beach. How did you do something there? I wonder who they brought in to bring the steroids in. I know, but listen, it was your great. Keep it up, okay. Okay, thanks sweetheart. All right. Okay, much after that jerk pork. Okay, yeah. Hey, yeah, jerk pork mind. You're kicking jerk pork. You're this. You're coughing on that. That's that you're making his mind, right? Yeah, I'm coughing. Did you make an F in a way? They're okay. They just mind their own business. They leave everybody alone, right? You don't mess with them. They don't mess with you. They're out there doing their thing. Just like the Haitians. They're so in baseball. Cubans though. We got a little bit of a problem. Don't we, Georgia? Yeah, we got a little bit of a problem. We got some of those old stuffy right wingers. You know, they need to go back straight into everything out there. You know, bring back Patista, bring back the good old days, bring back my Oralansky and all the good because you know, it's done a Santos trafficante. The hotels here, that's right. They're beautiful. So, 11, 4, 2, 5, 60, W, to Q, A, M. Stop it, stop it, stop it, any other stuff. Exactly.