4th video 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show in the top of the Neal called 567-0560 toll free for date in Broward or pound 560 on yourself Are you the opinions of Neal? His guests call her is there anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM B's Lee Reed Acquisition or the B's Lee Broadcast Group? No, no, Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QA have. And you've been in several places for spring train. I remember I go back a long way to the when the Yankees first came down here and they had trained all those years in St. Peasburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Peasburg and come to Fort Lauderdale with it. Which at that time was where spring break was happening. And St. Peasburg you know what was happening there? Well, because you've been to spring training in Ed city. Nothing there, right? Well, I was in poor Charlotte for five years. When you were with the did you ever go to St. Peasburg? Nope. For spring training never did? Nope, no, but 90 years before that I was in Arizona. Yeah. Right with the giants. How is it coming over to the American League? You looking forward to it? They're in the American League for five years now. So I'm not unfamiliar with it. I'm looking forward to just starting with a new team. That's incredible to me. Incredible to embarrass me. What a joke. The rest of the night was fun with big food men with sweaty cracks. They would try to grab each other's ass. Where we know the more than the tiny cheese strap. But when they rang the bell and the night was over. I could have helped us notice. I had a big phone. I want to be a wrestler. Yes, I'm a wrestler. And have a man's scratch wrapped around the pie now. Yes. I want to be a wrestler. Okay. I'm going to jump into this pussy and side and out. Why it makes it seem so little guy. This is my hand between another man's legs. Hold in, I pull my mask away. I get to sell my finger. You know that other than some time to train. You don't need to have much above brain. As long as the shower after you worked out. out. You don't want to waste in someone's balls in your mouth. I know that white seeds can be messy and too smelly. That's why they like to rub bad day-wise on their belly. Alright, I want to be a regular and retaining more around just like you. I want to be a regular and maybe run for governor too. As long as there's a track the crowd, I don't find going down from the safety services there are lots with some clumpy queer. Oh, I'll speak to that by the way. So Greg Reed, we're talking about his horrible haircut yesterday. Remember he and his family went to Italy. They were very enchanted with the whole deal over there. He said it wasn't museums in Florence. He saw a picture of Mark Coney and he figured it's Mark Coney was a great radio pioneeredly and since he pretends to be a radio guy himself. He wanted to emulate Mark Coney. And Mark Coney, I guess, was the first one would at silly, spaggy haircut in the out of the forehead. I've never seen it. It'll put you as a Mark Coney. So he wanted to emulate him. And he said it must work as soon as he walked outside. There was somebody out of the street yelling, not a Coney, not a Coney. He made some of this stuff. Yeah, not Mark Coney, not a Coney. But anyway, and he's living up to his, uh, is your is. So anyway, well, forget about Greg sir. Can I think we may have a desk for a tough comment? We got the catalog in there. They're looking through either. I'm going to buy one. We got something I want to donate. One, maybe we'll get the details on it. See, the problem is we got the different facts machines for different shows. Nobody's got the right numbers. It's all a screw good news today. By the way, we saw the fact we got a uh, Marlon's exhibition game in 12th and be today and tomorrow. Both days. And I've heard to other some people, let's find out right off the bat if there's anybody that's happy we got Marlon's exhibition baseball today at 12.50. What are you playing today? The Marlon's in the oil. That's right. We're going to be processing again today. Like they were yesterday. They'll all be up there outside the stadium going, I don't want to go in. I don't want to go in. I don't want to go. Yeah, 12.50. We got to have a sec. Q. A. M. Marlon's central. W. K. A. M. I don't give a fly and fill it up. Okay. He doesn't give a flying crap about the Marlon's. Okay is what he was going to say. I haven't wanted. Let that go quite too far. I don't think these people want to hear No Marlon baseball. Anyway, we'll get to that in a second because very jackass right something is common. It's pretty interesting that I was even aware of with all this, um, a copy of Tom Scoland on between the station and the Marlon's Any high-pingo people? WDQA and mobile and navy. Yeah, no baseball. Okay, thank you. So anyway. We got baseball in the 1250, baby. Absolutely wanted or not. Is there anybody want it? No. Come on, is there one out there? No. Huh? Some real jacks, different that want to baseball game today. No. Next to the vision is game between those lowly marlin's. No. And the Orioles that are going to Cuban, though, last boy. That's a matchup. That's what's called a lose-lose proposition. All right. Here's Miami. Hello. baseball negative. Okay, negative tour around the baseball is said. No. Okay. Just checking out, maybe I'm wrong. I mean, maybe two hours and 50 minutes. So this year, it kind of eases them into the mood for a nice ball game, you know? Sit back at a couple of weenies out. Couple of six packs. All right. By the way, I still got to tell you this. I mean, I realized that anything can be overdone, but I still say the greatest TV spot in history. I've seen it 4,000 times already and I just pee in my pants every time I see it. That Bud Light spot. You've got to have seen it. Were the two guys who at the counter with the groceries? And she is the best. She's the Madonna cashier. The best. Still show it. Still, she's snapping the gun. Still show it. And the bag boy is great. He's like a skinnier, skinnier, your Gilbert without the glasses. Paper are plastic. That's funny. I'm telling you. Just the best in history. What are all these calls here? Here's Kendall. Hello. Just put a baseball spot. That's a good idea. There you go. I came up. There's a new general manager right there. Just play the spot that would run into baseball game. If we had any. Of course, we got our spots running in there and our sponsors need to have talk about vaet and switch. You know, I'll tell you, I just want to say one thing. You know, I don't want to get involved, because we can't talk about that lawsuit that's going to. I just want to stick my nose into a boy for this place to be talking about bait and switch. I mean, talk about the popcorn, the kettle, abuse. Vat and switch. Just like Jeff Cohen, wait till he finds out he may have had a spot that ran in a ballgame. He's not going to put up with that. He may not even bring us any food around 12 or 13 today. Yeah, Jeff Cohen's got that much of pizza and mozzarella, onion time for pace off again this year. As I recall, last year, that was damn good stuff. And since my doctor's coming around to draw lots and lots of blood that I, hey, Dr. Do Little, I hope you take all the blood you want, sweetheart. I want every test that's ever been invented. Just to assure me that I'm still alive, especially when you work here. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. You're cool. Hey, boss, X. Okay, thank you. Even on the West coast, I hate the Marlins. I feel like that. I don't want to make John Henry feel bad, but they don't they're not into this crap. Oh, but let me give you one before we go on. Let me give you a little ray of hope. Because it says, Bob Rubin and Barry Jackass conspired to write this piece in the Herald this morning. No radio deal yet. Oh, okay. Less than three weeks before their regular season opener, the Marlins indicated they're still unsure if they'll return to QA in the season. We got our fingers crossed, baby. In fact, maybe somebody underlings here might actually be able to get a pair of some day, if they know anyway, the Marlins are worried that QA might not pay it to entire rights fee this year. The question to continue, that was between the side. WQM, beginning the third year of a five-year 15-million dollar deal, allegedly with held two million dollars of its rights fee last year, and it's filed a lawsuit against the Marlins Ludging Fraud in connection with the dismantling of the World Series Championship team. If the Marlins do not return to QAM, if they should buy some chance, not return to QAM. Oh, they moved to an FM station as possible. Now what FM station you think is, uh, wants to lose some money? Huh? I wonder what they're talking about. You think there's any FM station in the market that's interested in losing a lot of money? No. On that? No. Oh, okay. Maybe the coast, huh? They do? No. 1. 94 KPS? Yeah. No. No. No chance. They're too smart. Kiss? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. But I'm not. What am I leaving on? RMF? No. No. Big? No. Small? No. Short? No. I'm trying to take up an FM station that would pick up the guy they're Marlomkin. This is in the market to lose about three or four million dollars this year. Nine minutes. There's a Jocac Stella by the way. The star of our new Big Otto Sports shows they're viewing this Saturday morning between 6 and 7 here on QAM motorsports. I'm plugging a hell out of him and don't bits you me out if you know the they'll be calling they love that stuff you know. Especially Saturday morning they're just coming in. Oh, shot ticker is man. My third strike folks. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Okay. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Oh. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. When they were each of the gale and the new bro's heaning. And the broken by by by by by. But if it's like crowed and driving tracks, maybe by by by? Oh, we're fine. Oh, we're fine. Let's get back to the bar. Let's get back to bar. Let's get back to bar. Let's get back to bar. Let's get back to bar. Let's get back to bar. Come on. Let's get back to bar. Come on. Come on to bar. Come on. Come on. Give me this ball. Everybody! Hurry up! Take this bomb. Chop. We're here to focus, where do you want to go? I forgot to go to my spot. I was allowed to lose and everybody after he was smoking by. I thought blind-bellied and then the red-hutch little bit hurt and broke it. You have a smart spirit band. Oh! I got a smart device. I got a smart device. I got a smart device. No. I got a smart device. I got a smart device. I got a smart device. I got a smart device. That's a smart device. That's a smart device. WCWM, let me just tell you right now. Any country that makes smoking a marijuana illegal and then like enforces those can never be a great country. Could it possibly be? No. I mean like Vancouver. They're walking around the streets. They got a big one rolled up in their posts and a joint tooth. Anyway, pot gains some support. There it is right on the front page of the newspapers today. This has been quite a panor-day in the news business. Who probably don't have any news on this station, but nevertheless. A government commissioned panels finding on medical use of marijuana are certain to intensify that a beta-words benefits to people with AIDS and cancer, who do not respond to other therapies. The active ingredients in marriage, when you appear to be useful for treating pain, nausea and severe weight loss associated with AIDS, according to a new study commission by the government that's intensifying the debate, and also the government that's not going to be a great deal. The report, the most comprehensive analisisation today of the medical literature about marriage. We need to say there was no evidence that giving the drug to sick people would increase illicit use in the general population, especially since almost everybody smoking in any way. Nor as marijuana, a gateway drug that prone out here you go. Here you go. This is not from me, some pervert out of radio that hangs out in the Amsterdam, but they're all smoking and doing hash and whatever they're doing. This is from a bunch of doctors. Nor is marijuana a gateway drug that prone patients to use harder drugs such as cocaine and heroin. The study said, How do you like that? The authors of the study of panel of 11 independent experts at the Institute of Medicine, a branch of the National Academy of Sciences, caution that the benefits of marijuana were limited because the smoke itself is so toxic. So in other words, you can get lung cancer from it. Or you can get lung cancer from smoking anything including a lot of stuff that's illegal. Not to mention cigarettes in. Okay, I won't say that. Okay. How do you like that? Is this country desperately reaching just trying to get its testicles and its tentacles out of the stone age, reaching out for a little bit of maturity? Like I said, once the last time you're read about somebody that held up a 711 to get money to buy pot. Yeah, they're not going to offer liquor stores to get money to buy marijuana. It's a fourth their habit. They're breaking in the homes and killing people and stealing their adjury and planning to get money to buy weed. Oh, God. You just country, you ever got to grow up? But at least we're making a little tiny step, you know? Hey, by the way, Greg that guy said, I'm not a cone, not a cone, not a cone, not a mackerel, I'm our cone, get with it. Yeah, you're recognizing me, hey, sure did. Oh, and here's my favorite. This is my favorite one of the, this is the best. Not that, you know, remember that old slogan. It's not important that you succeed, but that your former asshole employers fail with cash running short. Oh, packed in could sell stations. And there's a picture of the anxious idiotic buddy Bud Paxton. Of course, his network is worth it. Let's see between 1.5 a 1.9 billion. In other words, he ain't going to miss any meals, but nevertheless, since his ego, he's like Wayne with, did you see what a republic stock closed that yesterday, by the way? All this talk about, out 10,000, all these stocks going through the roof, Republic, 12 and 5, 16. Oh, yes! Half of what I got rid of before I hope by the rest of you did as well. Hope you bailed out before it was too late. And there's another guy, he's worth a billion dollars. He ain't going to miss any meals. He walks around with a big puffed up ego. Pulling more statues and monuments to him and what a great guy he is and never stole a free train, and bought about a beep at all this edible crap. By the way, nice panthers game last night. Not lost for the two on a West Coast in San Jose. Just I'd mention that since nobody in the right mind stayed up to watch that, including me. I watched the first period take the rest. Oh, it's a coma. Oh, those two teams get together, it is just bad. And the Leafs. Oh, but anyway. A liquidity squeeze is never a pretty side, particularly for a man like Lowell, W. Bud, Buddy Bud Paxton. Well, in just a just five months ago that he needed no contingency plan for his Paxton being at work. Longest August 31st with a family friendly programming and Paxton's conviction that God had given him a not on the business plan. Did God give him a not? No. No. God said, up your ass you phony bastard. He does God bull crap. You're such a phony. You're such a potty mouth phony buddy, but you're not phony anybody anymore. Paxton's company, Paxton's communications to West Palm Beach, the Skows last week, that it's working capital had dwindled to 1.8 million at the end of 1998. Paxton, which owns 72 stations along with the network, is selling some assets, prompting speculative reports that it might entertain suitors for the whole company. See, this is what happens. Just like he did with the radio thing, screwed up all radio stations and he buys this and he buys that because he got all that money from the home slot network. Which made him very dangerous like I told you and then he buys up a whole bunch of stuff. Screws it all up. Reduce his divide, which is why his stock is down to like $89 a share. It was, you know, 15, 16, that it was 11 or 12 when we left over there and I would say $89 a share. It's in the toilet. And then he just said, okay, well, I give up on us. Everything. And then he'll find some other play to it to play with and screw up a bunch of other people's lives in a process. See, wouldn't make any difference. I don't mind that rich people don't have their play toys if it didn't involve people. If it didn't involve this business, especially and a lot of good people and screw in them over and use an hatchet and then like Peter Bulger to knife people in the back and destroy their lives. I wonder when the last time you really had a good night's sleep was Pete Bulger. You backstabbing piece of swill. You piece of garbage. I got news for it. I took a good this morning and I, there was better stuff in the bull before I flushed it than what Peter Bulger is. I tend to that right now. That's right. There was higher quality than that bull than Peter Bulger. A man who has never met a corporate ass that he wouldn't suck. By the way, speak of kiss and ask. So I get into the car yesterday. I rushed down to my car and turned it on thinking that Hank would tell us for sure that he was only joking. On Tuesday when I heard him sucking Greg Reid and the beef leaves all of their ass and just going on. Did he say anything about it? No. No response. No response. No. You don't think that he was serious when he was a kiss and they're asking. For a pair of vostones, tickets you think? Wow. God. Here's a medley. Hello. Yes sir. Hawkey rules baseball blows. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We got a hockey game coming up at 12. Fifty. Yeah, let's put a hockey game on it. We don't want to replay last night's game. No. That was bad. So far we don't have anybody. It's gone over. Let me give you the schedule. Okay. We got Marlon's at 12. Fifty. Fifty. Again. No return, now. выпerth other side, but you're going to do that with the Concert towering room tomorrow. Now that our plane is windshield. Just going to记つ نہیں to pick anything up from the table at 177-35. Is the ship ready? What'suralか? We got to put a criminal on it. How does it sit between thenasidAbinnon and the table? What is the 좋아하는 pool? Can I sleep here? That's all I heard. That's on two days and three days and three days. That's all I hear. This schedule is bizarre and at 730 we got not one but two NCAA games and by the way you're wrong red coat That's even I you pay very little attention to basketball anymore. I think the NCAAs are great Right to stupid article in the hero this morning. Oh, it's a bunch of crap and who cares about guns Soggin all the that's the idea. Nobody wants to see the same teams in it every year. That's the idea you jackass It's great Well watching that we were steak game when he knocked off North Carolina there a few age ago that that was Simulating man that kept you on the edge of your seat that was great But what would you know Greg co-tex? And then we got 730 we got those Saint John's in Maryland and then Connecticut or I after that so we got all kinds of good stuff coming up And Hank from the Crystal Palace in between Okay, let's do a mobile in Miami. Hello How you doing now, okay, sir? I have all of these things to tell you today. Yes First of all I just had rather massage dog crap into my private and watch a baseball game. Okay Well bring something over for I got a whole backyard full of them Uh-huh, I'm gonna be good and be a driver So you're gonna like to say One everybody that there's an accident on 144th in US one See we can that a third of all I did a thing about the marijuana. Yes Yeah, my anyway, but I want to say Yeah, thank you What this is me off? I mean I don't smoke it anymore I was both like seven years because I I've obviously brain damage from a car accident that I got in Well while in a car with someone drinking and driving and So leave alcohol, you know Yeah, alcohol We love booze baby. We love booze because that's not booze of course. We could never always ball games on Yeah, I almost died from the from alcohol, but Not illegal there you go welcome to America. It's a good luck you and it closed in yes He rolls everything out Damn it That's wrong with you Are you some kind of like 20th century a person? Let's go back in the stone age, which is the way they like it in the American man way back in the stuff. Oh, he did he inhale I mean, you know because if he inhale That wacky weed you never know what he might do of course George's up at your voice there in Texas Alcohol and got all knows what kind of drugs. There's still a lot of tell us what kind of drugs he was doing But he's the logical good guy. You know, I don't understand that You can be the biggest drunk you can be a slosh head from head to tell and that's okay But if you ever inhale once upon a time Oh, check in little says the sky is falling and now what aerosmith said that song chicken little says it was that the pinky wink You said that Three weeks in counting baby be per mania has done it again Albert Tico the owner was extending the $12 for one year offer One more week Albert Tico that is then then he liked little Albert Sticks bunch it's I n You thought that it's a bummer? Yes. And the Henry's gone. Are you? Think it's about an errand. Summers, they hide her running run. No. No. No. That's a matter of fact. They're gone. I'm going for justice. But you can change it. Is acts. I can't support a game for a kid. I just as he can be. He lost the change to the station. Letters. The UTOC now will work for a son. That's just a matter of fact. I live gone. I was from that day. That's just a matter of fact. That's just a matter of fact. I live gone. I'm going to take a look at the game. I'm going to take a look at the game. Maybe we can take a collection for buddy blood. I'm going to take a look at the other top. And of course for Wayne. I'm going to start buying a lot more of those concessions. We got three home games for the Panthers next week. They're starting to find out a lot more concessions because of that. Republicans, doctors in the toilet. Start helping these guys out. Probably the things they've done for us. Also, anyway, on the front page of both those papers, this is a very interesting resolution to the story about the arson at the new gay club, which hadn't even opened up yet. But open yesterday, finally, the peer and four-later now. A man with a history of arrests for unruly protest was Ned when they for allegedly trying to fire bomb, a gay entertainment complex in four-laternil. Police detective sticking out the peer, a swine-bidured home-eye club restaurant and lounge, arrested on Baratau Alvarado, about 3.45 in the morning when they after allegedly bicycle to the club, smacked the glass doors with a sludge hammer and tossed two gasoline-field bottles inside. Well, Baratau, say it didn't so well, Baratau. Is it so? Investigators began sticking out the club after two arson attempts their last week. Alvarado 49 was taken to the Baratau County jail. He was charged with one kind of arson on occupied dwelling and two counts of possession of a fire bomb. Investigators say they don't know what motivated Alvarado to try to set the fire, but you can guess for yourself. His first arrest Wednesday was not his arrest Wednesday, without his first run into the law. In 1991, he was arrested for allegedly calling and threatening, playboy magazine executives demanding they apologize for women of Cuba, a pictorial that featured scatly-clothes Cuban women. He was arrested again in 1993 after jumping out of federal guards car during a Cuban protest in Miami. And police said his fingerprints were found near the club at 33333 northeast 30 second avenue after the first arson attempt last week, though he was not charged in that incident. Alvarado used to train militant exiles for Alfa 66. Oh, is 1991 arrest for allegedly threatening Christi Hefner, whose father started playboy magazine because of the women of Cuba pictorial. It was accused of violating the Hobzeck, which protects commercial enterprises from extortion and physical violence. Don't confuse him with American law, okay? No spaghetti in place. In 1993, in the demonstration protesting US plans to deny the Cuban pilot for diverting a plane and full of defectors to Miami, agents arrested Alvarado after he climbed the top of government car, jumping up and down waving a Cuban flag. Now anti-cubic game group protest outside stating yesterday for Latterdale Stadium. A group of about 100 held a protest outside the box office last night before the Marlins Orioles game. They were protesting. You're all planned visit to Cuba for extortion game with the Cuban National Team in March 20th. I did hear a little bit of that thing with George Fibergas, the Hank had on yesterday going, and talking trash. Oh yes, we're very much against this because people are going to think in Castro. Everybody in the world knows what Castro is, okay? There's not one person that doesn't know that he's a brutal dictator, ruthless. People get killed. People go to jail. People can't express an opinion. People are living in squal, or everybody knows that, right? They're not going to go there to have sex with them. They're not going to go there to dance the tango with them. They're not going to go there in Bracem. They're going there to play a baseball game. Unlike the Pope who set up their own main stage with him and dignified him, like every other terrorist in the world like Error farting, and all the other ones of the Pope is always loved. And nobody said a word about that. I didn't say anybody protesting the Pope's visit to Cuba. And here we're talking about a goddamn ball game. Just like they've played, you know, ping pong with a Chinese, back before was fashionable, and they played chess with the Russians back when they were all screaming communist to the communist, right? They're going to go play a baseball game. We're talking about human beings. Oh, this is Jose Alvarietta. A real estate salesman from Miami, chanted over a bullhorn in the game last night. Cuba is run by a tyrant, a murderer, or you should not go to Cuba, rebel against the owner of the orials. Don't go, don't go, don't do it. Don't do it. Madecone, Madecone, Madecone. Yeah. Oh boy, is there ever going to stop? No. Never going to stop. Where's that other real good story that I was really amazed? This is, I don't want to get you people scared that I had kids that go to school on a school bus every day. How about getting nervous? But, I mean, this story, this story, this should be on a front page of the front section. Not the local section. School bus driver charged with molesting kids. A north-dade school bus driver already on probation for misdemeanor child abuse was charged Wednesday with molesting four of his passengers. He sometimes used candy to coax sexual favors from children ranging from 7 or 11 years old north-dade police. How do you like that? The allegedly used candy. Polarities kids in this guy is a driving a school bus. Want a lot of eight-hop little boy? We took a very dangerous pedophile off the streets tonight, said north-dade police chief Bill Berger. This guy had previously been convicted elsewhere and fell through the cracks. Last June, Cesar Antonio Gonzalez Rubio Schwartz, on Oshorts, was charged with looting the CBS Act on a child on a 12-by-mami-dade police. He is not listed among the state sexual predators, however, because he negotiated a guilty plea to a lesser charge of misdemeanor child abuse. But nevertheless, here's a guy with a record of misdemeanor child abuse. He's driving a school bus with kids on it. He was arrested three-fifteen PM Wednesday, and a parking lot behind the North-Mami Beach Commerce Center. He was trying to bribe a boy to performing a sexual favor for him with a gallon-sized bag of candy. Want a lolly-poth little boy? Gonzalez Rubio was charged with four-consist sexual battery on a child under 12 years of age, four-consistly-dino civilist behavior, two-consistly exposure and one kind of witness tampering. Each sexual battery charge carries up to a life sentence, by the way. The suspect owns and drives for Cesar's bus service, which has shuffled children to and from North-dade public LMA3 schools for four years. And it goes on and on and yati-ati, et cetera, so on. Here's a guy that's say, unbelievable. I don't want to get you nervous about the people that drive it. I mean, forget about the fact that most of them can't drive. They could drive their finger up their ass, okay? You've seen a way they drive these school buses, unbelievably badly. But I mean, here's a guy with a record of misdemeanor child abuse on his rap sheet, and he's out there driving a school bus with somebody's kids on it. Maybe yours? Huh, what a surprise. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. Anybody interested in that ball game? Come on up. 12.50. Oh, Marlon's in the Oreos. Come on. Let's hear it. Fredon and Seiches. One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction and while others find it funny, to those who haven't, it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. Oh, I'll be on the stage for a business meeting. And... and... We see. Excuse me. See what happened? Frequent burping syndrome. It's been ruined your life, but it doesn't have to. Now there's a clinic that can help train specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers. A special place known as burp inders. Gosh, burp inders saved my life. Joanna and I were in love. I really wanted to ask for the Mary Me, but I just knew that when the moment of proof came, I'd let out with a big rip. You know? F***. Burp inders. No shame. No guilt. No more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping in mid-sittness to un-corporate big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals. And the help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number of calls. Not a five-five. Do you think seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, five, five, five. Burp inders call today and stop being so close. Oh, hey. 1045 at 5.60. W.M. happy Thursday too. Yeah, we got that Marlon game coming up today. So far we haven't had one person. You know, this presents a lot of real problems. Certainly for us here on the show. This is the... my far highest rated show on this radio station. I mean, a sports nerd shows they're doing okay. But we're kicking very seriously. I haven't continued to now 14 months in this project. And we get bumped out of here. I mean, two days in a row. And here we are. You know, we had a great month in January, knock on wood. Right? What month was it? Whatever to held the last month. In February. That was January. We had a great first month of the winter book. There's bonus money right now, net. There's a lot of pride in ego and a... ... scrap right now, net. And now, we get cut down to two hour and 50 minutes. And we put in everything that's so far. There's not one person even as forced. There's a one here. Did they want to hear it? No. So we want to hear from these people today. If there's anybody out there. What they think about this. More on this exhibition is getting right here in the middle of the day. But no, certainly. This is a very... this is unacceptable. I mean, maybe once in a while. Like a Friday is good. You know, it gives me a long weekend to get out of here a little bit earlier. You hop a plane, you get out of town. So you take me anywhere. But here, you know, that's fine. But Thursday and Friday back to Bang. Oh, hey. Being interrupted twice, bro. They're picking their soap pissed off. They're not picking against the... ... the Orals going to Cuba. They're picking against the Marlins say in a town. That's what they're pissed off of, huh? That's right. They just... they don't speak at the same language. That's what all those crazy Cuban they're speaking about. They're not saying go to Hell, Fidel. They're saying to go to Hell, Marlins. After what you pulled on us last year. And we don't carefully insult a team. We don't give a crap. Not that we hold a grudge. Do we hold a grudge? Yeah. We do. I mean, for... if I... I don't want to... Like I said, stick my nose in any of this negotiation. As delicate stuff that's going on. And it isn't litigation. So I can't say too much. But boy, if I had the opportunity. I mean, I'll guarantee there's... ... lined up FM stations. They're lined up at this town. It'll lose all that money. No. Put the Marlins on, right? We're still trying to figure out which... ... which one do I leave out before? CMQFM, you think they want it? No. And that's funny, all. But you know what I was supposed to say, as you guys want it? No. And the other FMs that I left out there... There must be some... No. Oh, how 105? You guys want it? No. Got a couple of slurga. Cliff Lloyd, I never got some shows on a theme. You want to be a Marlins? No. They don't want it. David Ross, you want about 100-day queer channel. You, any of you guys want to be a Marlins? No. Come on, listen. We've been able to invite away the good news. This is showing the power of Neil Continuous. The Coligan Man will be here today with the accolor with water. Hot and cold by the way. One of those kind of great coolers, written in like Hot Water for coffee or tea or a little cup of soup or whatever you want. And we'll have a right out there in a hallway and we will see. We will share. Fill us. We'll share with everybody else on this end of the building. Don't be coming down a hallway for our water from the other side of the building because we don't pot with that. Yeah, use your own guide damn water with it. Oh, you know where this kind of like, like right after Greg's orifice there. You know, after Maddacone, I'm our Marcosny is sitting in the air inside his big room with his ego and a crappy haircut. Right there, there's like a divide of the whole kind of big turn around. Okay. And then you see all the new paint on the wall. Same crappy old carpet. And then nevertheless. You're on that side. Stay over there. We do like Miriam. She comes up with the chest Miriam. You can have all the water you want sweetheart. But other net. Stay out. We shot our put a big sign up there. It's in the hall. Okay. Water steers. Stay out. Here's coral spring. Hello. Yes sir. Okay. I don't know if you got a chance to open the first game this morning. I don't listen to the first team now. Okay. Well, I had the GM on today. GM of what? For the Panthers. He gave a new, uh, what did he say? He, he, he, he gave a new spin on on what Robbie is going to be for the team. Uh-huh. And he said that we expected too much out of him initially and he's not going to be a 40 goal score. But if we can get 20 goals out of him a year and some great defense, we expect him to be a great player. He can. Oh yeah. Who's going to be the first line center? I don't know. Big circle. Cross law. The guy is a minus five. Yeah. How's he playing great defense? He's not playing great periods. And you noticed by the way that it was BM who set the, the need of our upper all these booze with his crying in the media there, uh, weaker to a goal. About how, you know, the fans, uh, and the media and everybody else. Well, guess what? He's getting paid about two and a half million year or whatever it is. This is a six year of them telling us that he's going to become, uh, Mr. Shotna's breakout year. Is he breaking it? Yes. No. He's breaking our hearts. What is breaking? Same old propaganda from the organization. They got their ass pasted their incentives and guess what? They're right back at the 500 again. And with a Bruins, uh, cream and a leaf there into Ronald last night, which at least are going through there, you know, every team goes through it. Out of what's going through it. Going through a low. Going through a coma. So Boston now, ages three points ahead. And the Panthers are right back to what they are. They're going to be a, uh, a 500 team, 25 and 25 with a million crappy ties. And Breme may come back next week. They're saying, believe me, if he doesn't, you can forget the playoffs. Because without him, this is just a real, real seriously mediocre team. But nobody cares. And that's good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the, uh, 18 T. Warless one. Whatever it is. Here's a mobile and taver near. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a couple of things. First of all, a Marlon's on the, uh, on the radio. Yes. I haven't listened to him till since you, uh, commented, commented, uh, first 15 minutes to the first exhibition game. That was entertaining. Other than that, I couldn't listen to him. Yeah. But, uh, that's beside the point. Have you heard anything about it? Was on channel 7 last night. No. The, the Pope has got out of new CD. And he's got a CD's out of music video. Uh-huh. And I think that'll be pumping that out of the video. He's doing the macaroon and one of them. That's my favorite. I, it was a man. He was a man. But, uh, he's, uh, he really moves with that slowing a gallon on. I, I don't know the drummer is on the CD either. I think it's, uh, Joey Reynolds. Yeah. Got some time off from Erosmith. Yeah. Is that, Pax? Pax night work. Is that a Pax營 deal? Of course. Because they, uh, I caught that just, uh, channel surfing. And they were, uh, saying that if you want to have no more home of, you know, gay or this, or that or that, and I turn into Pax. That's right. You don't want to have any of the perverted stuff. You don't want to have any, too. You want to have any goblast crap. That's right. Well, 24 hours a day. Thanks for them today. And they're losing their ass. I guess he lost God's number. That must have been an okay. Have a great day, sir. Butcher. I guess he lost buddy. Butcher. Number five, six, seven. Come on. We want to hear about this. This is serious. Okay. They're listening. They're paying attention to this. If you want to hear, there was more exhibition games on here. It's only 18 to March. We got almost half of the month left with this crap. You do realize that. Don't you? We still got a half a month of these garbage, uh, exhibition games on. And nobody cares about it. And in fact, it's a good thing that the acupens are down there protesting because that's the only, uh, action going on. No, that's true. At least that's a little bit of excitement. You know, and maybe the same old tired song, but nevertheless, it's better than no song at all. Somebody barely pretends to be excited about baseball on this time. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Palm five, sixty on a prestigious AT&T wireless line. Short show today. 12, 50. We've had most right here. The make way for the big Marlins Orioles game. Any interest at all. No. Here's for a lot of the all-all. Hey Neil, what's car on? How you doing, sir? Listen, I'll tell you something. It's good that the Panthers on the west coast we don't have to see him as much. Yeah. You know, because, uh, you know, you fall asleep to 11 o'clock. They're losing four nothing. But, you know, you wake up. It's lose four two. They made a comeback, but not quite enough. Yeah. Great. Hey, listen to a couple of things I want to touch base. So you want to use more chronics to know. What's the difference of them? What it is, uh, it's not like a real thing like either, well, I can't even tell the part anymore. Is that an Andy or Mitch? I can't even tell my part. I was Andy. That was that Jackass. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T Wireless Line. Here's the Fort Lauderdale, huh? Fort Lauderdale? Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, I just graduated at programming school. How about we put the Marlin games on tape delay? Yeah, that sounds good. How's that? Uh-huh. I love them. How about two in the morning would be good. Instead of for relearning or whatever we carry overnight. JT and the abric. Could you imagine anyone actually listening to? No, no. I mean, even costing it's got, now see, I will speak up against that. I know that Hank, I found out this week. I thought that Hank was, uh, you know, really, uh, I'm talking about. He's just, uh, core, uh, corporate butler, I found out this week on this supported night. I loved that at the beginning of the show in Hank, I was listening to that. Oh, so what are you going to be in America league? That was, uh, hello, Hank. That was amazing. I think I know it was. I think he played in St. Petersburg. Not. He played in the league. Even I know that. I hate, well, Clark, like, poisoned, but even I could have told it. Well, he was off his feet. You know, he was having a tough day. And you've been to several places for spring training. I know, but I remember, I go back a long way to the, when the Yankees first came down here. And they had trained all those years in St. Petersburg and what a culture shock it was for them to leave St. Petersburg and come to Fort Llorida with it. Which at that time was where spring break was happening. You know, in St. Petersburg, you know, was happening there. Well, because you've been to spring training in that city. It was nothing there, right? Well, I was in Fort Charlotte for five years. When, when you were with, uh, did you ever go to St. Petersburg? Yep. For spring training never did? Nope. No, but nine years before that, I was in Arizona. Yeah. Right. With the giants. How is it coming over to the American League? You looking forward to it? Uh, they're in the American League for five years. Yeah. So, I'm not, uh, I'm not unfamiliar with it. I'm looking forward to just starting to then, uh, new team. That was funny. If you say so, see, God was punishing Hank yesterday. That's why Hank had, like, a brain fart a couple of times in his interview. We will car punishing him for kissing management to answer. Don't do it again. Don't do it, Hank. I'm telling you. Not good for it. One guy I count on to be my ally to have a little bit of balls in this place. And he's, you know, he had to, you must have been the off of his a feed the other day. And God punished him, pronto. Oh God. Okay. Let's do, uh, call for Miami. Hello. Miami. How do you be the boss? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. There you go. Go onto the stadium right now. Okay. They're waiting for it, pal. That was my decolonie. Would that's Faggy here, cut? Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hey, now. How you doing? Okay, sir. Marlins exhibition baseball. Yeah. Great. I'd rather listen to play by a play of ice melt things. Well, that's a 330. Um, next we're going to have to remember. Yeah. We're going to have the cap one doing odd zombies. Yeah. Um, I just don't think there's anything worse. You can put on your station. The clogged up. Right in the middle of the day, no less. I mean, I'm talking about it night when anybody with a brain is either out doing something or watching something on television. We're talking about right in the middle of the day. This is a black hole in the radio. Exactly. I couldn't have said it better myself. It's a black, black hole in the radio. I just don't get it. Well, thanks for your endorsement and your supportive Marlins baseball on 560 QAN. 567. I'm looking for something. There's got to be somebody out there that's looking for this that also listen to the show. We got to have a little bit of a crossover there. No. Don't we? We got any crossover. No. I said, Marlins. No. It's got to be one. Got to be somebody that's sitting there with their glove in their hand. Huh? Rubin it. Getting ready for baseball season. Oh, good article about Joe to Matthew and what a recluse he was. Oh, where did what I do with that? Did I didn't bring it in? Oh, yeah, here it is. Oh, wait to hear this. This is the most bizarre thing about him in Merlin Monroe. In their sex life, they're the very strange bizarre. This is the excerpts from a new book. I'll get to this in just a second. Wait to hear this. The Joe to Matthew and nobody knew. Exhibs from a new book by Richard Ben Kramer is what this is. Joe to Matthew and he was like, is that any of the book? I'll get to this after the break, but it is astonishing. You hear this and you're going to go. Oh my God. Yeah. He'll ride you. Coming soon to the theater of the year. Superman. Superman. Superman. Wow. Wow. Superman. Superman. It is drowning. Hey, here comes the ordinary comes. He's in a wheelchair. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Superman. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Too great. Yeah. Man, call you supergames. Get out of your freak. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh, crap. Nothing happening. Get on top of my heart, sir. Wow. I. The evil god of my lifusion out of way to defeat Superman. Oh, with with trips and rides. No. Spits. Oh, oh. Superman. Superman. Five. A search for a bigger doorway. Rolling into a theater near you. Okay. Stop. I'm going to have to. I'm going to have to. I'm going to have to. If that's going to be part of the deal. We have to see this much the same every day. We're moving back to the second floor. Don't take it personally unless you want to. Okay. So anyway, this week's News Week magazine. And the, uh, I don't know. It says they had dinner. Joe and Marilyn were talking about. They had dinner together for the purpose of publicity. Hers. She was still building your fame in 52. I all accounts dinner didn't go well. Mostly her PR man chattered after a decent interval. The man's show said he had to leave. He'd catch a can but he offered him a ride. He never got home that night. By her account, they were terrific in bed. The man's show was no stranger to that playing field. In fact, show girls blondes were especially. She thought his body was perfect. Like Michael Angelo's David was that. Markoni. He thought hers was as well. And he said one boy's letter to her. Wow. But then on the next page, I'll keep that in mind. Okay. She said they were terrific in bed. They fought. They screamed. She drank. He hit her. In New York, Walter Winchell made sure Joe was president. Marilyn posts for publicity photographs for the seven year. It was the famous scene where the wind from the subway. Great. Lou, her screwed up. Exposing everything below. Joe was in rage. Does he watch the photographer snapping away. Where their lens is pointed at his wife's crotch. That night there was a terrible fight the beginning of the end. By October just 274 days after the wedding, she filed for divorce in California once again, Joe wouldn't contest it. But even while she was Mrs. Arthur Miller, Marilyn according to her maid, kept a picture of Joe taked in cider closet door. Near the end of her life, as Marilyn was thanking her side-cieters for helping her finally to attain a real orgasm. She mused in mid-therapy. I'd like to see Joe now and give him a real one. Well, she was an actress, you know. A good one. Like so many women. She said they were terrific and bad, but, you know, what a genome. That's shocking. Please be almost speechless. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm going to cover a thing who is cardinal baseball for you. Pretty seasoned? Oh, how boring. Oh, I know I have to shoot the posts that are boring. And that's worse than what's in the studio on the radio. I mean, I'm gonna leave their paying me. Okay, listen, take some note, I was in a good time. Well, he sounds like he's already on the verge of a coma, doesn't he? I sounded like he was, well, on his way to a deep sleep. Here's a mobile and Kate Coral, hello. Mobile and Kate Coral. Going once. Huh? Yes, sir, speak to me. Yeah, so I'm here some about the moment baseball. And I'd like to hear lotion and the basket. You want to hear something about the Marlons baseball? Yeah. What does that mean? I want to find out what's going on. Why do they suck? Okay, there's a guy wants to hear something about why the Marlons suck. And he says it puts the lotion in his basket. Or say he said, put the jota manager in the casket. I think he's what he said. Open line of day-d-what-in-brower. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, seriously, just even talking about this is putting me in a coma. 12, 50. Back to back days, okay? Not that I'm complaining about the time off. But I think that the audience is getting screwed. I'm getting screwed because when the numbers come out, there should be an asterisk next to it. I mean, this is going to be, how many? This is like the third and fourth of these we've had, I believe? Or we had what? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is now today's number three to Marlons number four. And God only knows since it's done there on a second, four-way of brother schedule up yet. As the Beast Boys would say, God only knows how many more of these crappy, right in the middle of the... Ex-to-be, we're not even talking about games that count. Even assuming that there were people out there who care who don't. These are games that are like, like, kids out there in a sandlot plan. And as for how much they mean. I hope we have 50,000 tubans out there protesting, even if they don't care about the, the Orioles going to Cuba. Just protesting something. Just for a little excitement out there at the stadium. Here's what we're under there, huh? Well, let me hold two things first of all. We only listen to you. We don't tune in to your radio station any other time unless you're there. So when you walk the air today, we go to another channel. And other people, we'll be able to hear the sounds of dials clicking all over town at the 1250 today. That's correct. We all followed out. And we were not dotted in here that we wish that it was the Marlin playing. We've given instead of Baltimore. That way the people could be protesting over who's going to be the home team. Okay. Over some of the legitimate. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. And we'll be listening to you in 1250 and then we'll back to Ed. Okay. I was the key. Old Need is thank you. Okay. Good point. That was good. I like that line. Yeah. That George Faber gas cut the crap. Okay. Jorge. Yeah. We're very opposed to this and what can we do? What can we do? I think yes. I'm doing this L. Martino. What can I do? Good father. Yeah. Act like a man. Okay. What's your up and cut the bull crap? We'll send you back to you with him. Okay. Jorge. Oh, yeah. The people who were my thing for those who would guy. Oh, God. It's same old tired garbage man. It's same old. He's a bastard. We hate him. He's a prick. He's a dick. Tater. Okay. Is there any doubt about that? No. Okay. Next topic. There you know. Just restating the obvious over and over and over and over again. And what about that? You have to put in those women a cube of the nere. What do you think about that? Sure. Pork me off. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Great. Take another moment to play. Macansa gate too well. Next season. We'll be having kids next season. We'll be having kids next season. We'll be having kids next season. That's fun. Yeah. Thank you. That's all. Hee gotit patties. Teacher's one baby can't pee. Little kid mari. Ooh, no, he got� Already. Out? The flight you've made in will be called Chine double A again The beat counter is done now no dollar How long have you tried? I'd like to see way come into the night Jump off this wall at an hour All right Good bye, Florida team A darn good thing that you played in day count He caught some power day pass the law again Anything that too much fun And when the panthers come Squared squared Who there do will read us? I wouldn't keep up strong If I sang a kill them up Should they ever win the Stanley Hall And now you're all one of the leaves After what you've achieved You were a world-seer behind Looks like you've made it Will be called Chine double A again The beat counter is done now no dollar How long have you tried? I'd like to see way come into the night Jump off this wall at an hour One to 15 is fine I think the one car hit it right in the head So I put in a big black hole Right in the middle of the day time here You know, taking a valuable airtime from this show from Hank Show Almost great interview that Hank does Like the one with Wilk Clark here today Slot poker machines at a roll is article says I told you there's some good news today Oh, he's got problems. He's only worth what One and a half big and something like that He's got some real tourists A bill that would allow electronic poker and slava scenes And race tracks and high-life front tons Cruise to the house regulated service committee in town last year today On an eight to eight Eight to nothing vote All right Oh, it's about time You know, they've been doing this in other places for a while now And it's usual where dollar late and 50 year short Or is it the other way around? Representative Dave Vittner, Republican and poor Charles The bill sponsors said it would not expand gambling Because it confines the machines the places where gambling is already going on That makes sense to me Dave right on baby Get some damn money and these joints and keep them alive and give us something to do there I know my friend Ted Snell must be having a party in his pants over this is only a first ever course The past committee. It's got to go through the entire legislature But this is a good start School children as well as permutal facilities will benefit of the estimated ten billion Dollars that gamblers would spend in the machines the state would collect an average of ten percent or a billion dollars a year Of that 280 million would be used for construction of schools Another hundred million views for programs for senior citizens Oh, we're going to take care of everybody baby Roughly 600 million here will be returned to permutal facilities at least a million year would go to programs that help problem cameras like a camp on there There you go. We're got everybody covered I love it. Let's do it like right starting the night at pop at a park. Let's on on mastos and of course, you know who's going to be psychotic Bobby butter worth that's right Those evil slot machines they all have that same number six six six Anti-clisto is the hiding inside every slot machine in the world. That's where Bobby butter worth says. You know what they we say about Bobby butter worth He's an asshole big time idiot jackass Had it you know, I wonder how much money the taxpayers had a foot to bill for for that big Ken Jenny raid along with Bobby butter worth On the cruise ships with the head of bringing back all their slot machines and give everybody back their money How much did that cost this for that fiasco? Here's Kendall. Hello Kendall Yes, I do know okay couple of things. I like to say that I am a sports fanatic and I love sports, but you could not pay me to watch them until we're into the more games pretty sure Be sure to the idea. Yeah, I mean, that's just how long how about a hundred bucks. No, no nothing How much if we pay everybody five thousand dollars to listen to the Marlin game. I think that we'll actually You probably then to get people listen to it, but I mean a couple of minutes. Maybe we're happening. Yeah, very fast I went one to a preseason game and I'll tell you they're boring to be asked and let alone to sit there and listen to it I'm a radio and the game means nothing and the Marlin's a horrible need to horrible team and a meeting with the same I mean what what's crack really smoking when they decide to put the sign on the middle of the day I'm those old Cubans around side protesting screening to help with fidelity. What what is that? I don't know. I don't know. I think I'd rather listen to Spanish radio, but Anyway, I know how good they are. Okay, thanks for the good news. Okay, there's a guy just like me with the exhibition hockey games I love hockey. You know that. I'm a maniac. But do I even go to the and I have free tickets do I go to the exhibition hockey games? No, not a chance. Not on your life, Mr. Even when they were inaugurating the new macarina. They're playing exhibition games that I go. No Exhibition any game is like it's like listening to paint dry on the phone Not just listening to paint dry, but listening to it over the telephone long distance. That's how boring that is And I wonder how what kind of a deal they got you know this whole deal and they're all in court And they're all screaming about back at each other. What kind of a deal that we had that were forced to carry exhibition baseball games in the middle of the day time And God forbid you we you know why not getting U.M. sports? Which I don't think that's final, but it's got to be close And it's a done deal. I'm pretty sure we want to get a U.M. sports And as much as I cherish the memory of my six years broadcasting U.M. baseball a hundred years ago That was a lot of fun, but Once you get into those regionals in the college world series not on the stuff which the Hurricanes do just about every year A lot of those games are like right there in the middle of the day time those get big numbers up. Oh boy. Whoa You can just smell that bonus money going by by Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. I was in late last night. I saw the first four goals. It was a flat kind of flat It was like the Boston game couple of weeks ago. It was terrible. We were skating and soup Oh my gosh step behind it was just terminal you know, but San Jose wasn't much better They we were just flat. We just got to come back. It's a common game Well, that's the first time in six that there's been a decision. Right. Anyways, I don't dislike the marlins I'm not going to listen to them because I just the last strike. I've given up on baseball. I think the majority of the players are just prostitutes Yeah, the last strike and then of course these ridiculous salaries that we haven't brought that that's 14 and five That was the end for me. I can't and they're all about your horrors. You're right. That's it. And then and then I've been a Yankee fan and a brave fan And I haven't watched in over four years and I'm not going to but I don't blew the marlins You know, you want to local team to do well, but not with my book. Okay. You know what I object to is it's not good business Your top rated show. I mean you're the only time during the day where there's a break From the sports, you know, and then there's a raft and marino. I mean, oh my god. What is wrong with Lord of Marlins baseball joined in progress why not that to a clock exactly I wouldn't mind He's over there and no he's in Bahamas the crystal palace then wouldn't in front of the general And that guy that just phone, you know, he's right for 20 years I've had to buy exhibition football tickets they come with the package That's right. That's right. That's right. Line fire with it Well, we hope Florida can come back. Have a nice day. Okay. Thank you Okay. We got a couple of lines here. We got another hour and a half to kill until 1215 And then we're on a hear me. We're gone. Bamboo's stay tuned by the way For my doctor coming in taking a gallon of blood. He just called and said he's on his way All right. Doctor do little. I mean, Dr. Mark is on his way. Dr. Laport is a great guy. Good to attend. Boy never stole a free train. He means well. You don't do much, but he's a good guy Comes all the way up here to take my blood. This is the second time, by the way So I can't say you don't do much. Well, after he takes the blood, you don't do much. Huh? He's a minimalist. That's his approach. I like that word because if you look up the word in the dictionary You'll see Dr. Doodle little's picture next to me. He's a minimalist. He doesn't like overreacting Giving you a lot of drugs. He likes taking a slow and easy and see if you stay alive And then if you do, then we might do something down the road. 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on a mobile one line. We're searching desperately for somebody For some reaction to these Marlon exhibition games here in the middle of the day time. Saw us or no sauce. I'm pretty important on your little bit of sauce. Of course a little bit of sauce. Crase you. I mean on your pizza and lasagna. I've just come on like I said, Is doing because it's almost pace off again the thing you did last year. Matsu pizza and Matsu lasagna. Good stuff too, by the way. Now on your pizza and lasagna, you want a little bit of tomato sauce, which is good to fight Praste can't support score. That's right. But, Nisi over there, it sucks. We don't want sauce on our balls. On your pizza and lasagna, you want sauce. But you sure don't want no sauce, scored score on your balls. I like it. Especially if it's chocolate and salty. That's what. Roll. 560 50 50 50 50 and pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's portate Lucy. Hello. Okay. I was talking to you to 23 minutes young on air. Then when the magic moment came, He uh, scrapped up. Here's Miami. Hello. Okay. Okay. Down to two calls in the board. You got a short show today in the audience. Can't keep it up until 1250. You know something. I'm beginning to think it's a good idea. We got the Marlins on there. There's no way to rest in the show. I got more. We got pot on our front page. We got slot machines. If the tracks coming maybe it looks pretty good. We got crazy old Cuban that tried to burn down a goddamn gay club there for a lot of Dale was all pissed off about Hugh Heftler putting a Cuban women naked in playboy magazine. We got buddy Bud Passion losing his ass. We got 50 billion things going on here in the naked city. I thought this morning it was going to be sizzling today. Smoking. And guess what? Same old. You know, you deserve the ball games folks. You don't deserve a guy that comes in here with a little bit energy like me. Here's your last chance. Okay. And then I'm going to play. And you've been to several places for spring train. I'm going to play that the whole rest of the show today. If you guys don't put you up and get with it again on the stick. Five six seven. I will park five six seven five sixty and pound five sixty on a mobile one line. Let's get with it. Given you something very the the management of this radio station is listening carefully. Okay. They're embroiled in this big legal a contract. With a Wayne and a Marlon's people and you're sitting out there. Mom is the board all the time. Mom is the board. How you doing? Mom. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, God. Yes, sir. I think I'm the kicker. Just jealous. And then not going to be welcome to there. Go back. Right. They're shan against the canisacin the door here. And sitting down bother my producer while the show is going on. What is this? Can you play a crack. Don't wink at me. Okay. Sam believe me. I wouldn't touch you with Georgia's hand. You what can I play. Okay. I'll work on it. See, I didn't little. I realized that's not what's wrong here. Because we're in the room. It's got no windows on it. We got a nice big heavy door. Which we can lock from the inside by the way. I just thought I mentioned that. 560. 560. Are following these numbers. Now watch the bouncing ball. 560. 560. And pound 560 on a mobile one line. We pay for the mobile call. And we still can't really get these. I'm talking about some motivation here today. I'm going to have them put all the exhibition games on a few folks don't get with it. Because like I said, I think there's better response for the morning games. And there is for me passive passive passive passive sit back and take. You have nothing in return. Sounds pretty good. Here's a lady in Pembroke, Pai and Tila. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I don't care about the Marlin field. Oh, when you go off, I turn my radio off. Damn it. Listen, are you going to Marlin Zarnan like when Hank is on you turn off? Oh, yeah. I'm afraid I'm not into sports. That's okay. Do you get HBO after hearing that interview yesterday? I don't think he is either. Yes or I do. Okay. I don't watch it though. Well, listen, there's something on that's really good. It's going to be on around one. You have to put your views on. Are we going to hear? Pardon me? But I'll be home by then. Well, I'm going to apply one by one, 30 maybe. No, no, no, 1 a.m. You have to take this. It's called private dicks. It's about men talking about their penises. Oh, yeah, I haven't seen that, but I read about it. Oh, I saw a few minutes of it. It looked good. Now, before after they slide it under the partition in the restroom. They can be made. I don't know. They might get to that. I don't know. Because I sure like to see how they do that. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't. I don't mean I'll close in personal. I mean from a distance. Oh, listen, did you mention the news that there was so important last week? Yeah. You missed it. They said the news that they found out that their decision does not have enough advantages to warrant using it anymore. They say that it caused it. That study was written by Graham. No, to understand? No, really. Yeah. What? Well, I'm trying to find it and bring it up. I thought George was working in. What? It was written by Roman. They didn't get Roman. Oh, yeah. I'm not a Coney. So I had that fabulous haircut. Yeah. Greg Reed. Well, it's an important news. I thought you should know about it. I'll check it out. Okay. Have a great day, sweetheart. Good to see you, bye-bye, world. Yes. This works for Martian and the Baskers. Hey, Phil, your chest is looking pretty thick today. Thanks, Jen. It's my new plan for 18-hour bra. Really? Yeah. Your flat chest would like me. You should sign it. It keeps me down. Even when I'm not seriously involved with anyone. So what if it rains? Don't worry. The plan for 18-hour bra has extra burdens. He's at making a sheet of sugar and a good thunderstorm. And the quilted layers of tissue help cushion your nipples. Somebody really keeps lost by it. And I've been a great for here. So your time finds out so it's 30-50 at Rio. And you've cleaned it. 18-hour bra. Strong enough for a manhandle and made for a rain. It's on the 31-56-WD. We got the big ball game coming up. There is phenomenal interest in this. I don't even know what I'm talking to myself for here, you know? Because psychologically, you know what? We got the game coming to 12-50. Most of the audiences got already anyhow. Never dawned on me. I'm a slow-ion. After the Marlins in the Oriole game, if we can get any of the audience back, Hank is over the Crystal Palace in Bahamas. He'll be on after Marlins, baseball, till 730. And 730, we got some NCAA basketball back to back games. You got Tainchon's Maryland and you got Connecticut and Iowa. And then of course this weekend, you got my team playing Michigan State. And my number 2 team Miami. Well, if you're living in Miami, why not root for Miami? Okay, even if they do play in Ohio. And even if Wally's got a lot of vowels in his own name. I mean, a lot of silver, whatever it they are. Seas and z's and S's and K's, S's, CQ's, Z, whatever the hell is they Miss, a lot of confidence. Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello. Neil? Yes sir. I would rather listen to a Marlins game than the sports talk, but it's ridiculous that they would touch your slime spot. Your time spot. What have slime slime slime? Yep. Yes, they out of my slime slot. Yeah, out, Belle. You assholes. And guilty sucker balls. Okay, thanks. There's a guy you're analyzing the whole station. We already know that. 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Another day with a dead audience here today, they got nothing on the material. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Miami Beach. Like I said, here's Boker, hello. Boker. Yeah. Are there anybody on these lines? Are we just here for the year go through the motions? Yeah. Yeah, I want to know what your opinion is on. We're going to change the crease violation rule. What's all that? What's that about? They're going to get rid of the dumbest rule in the history of sports. That's what's all about. They should have done it this year. Yeah, one more thing. I really agree with you. I'm low-focusing. I'm a great hockey fan, but I hate going to that arena. It's horrible. When did I say that? I hate going to the arena. I never said that. Oh, you don't. When did I say that? Well, you just thought you talked about all day. How much you did all I talk about all day. Did I even mention that arena today? Yeah. I'm adding here. You bozo. That's all I talk about all day is how much I hate going to the arena because it's so far from my house. A little bit of the reason. All I said was they got a few problems over there, but if they'd iron them out, we'd be having a great time even during those boring games. And if Palmville does come back next week, we got three great, three great reasons to go. He's in the first game, the second game in the third game. Yeah. See, another butt sucker just wants me to agree. Thought I said something so therefore, oh, yeah. That's what you said. Absolutely correct. You know, say give me your own opinion. I don't want my opinion fed back to me. Okay. Like the guy that took calls yesterday. Oh, that's struck. You know. Yeah. Just repeat back to me what I already know what I've been saying for the last two hundred years. Then I don't need. Sir. Absolutely incorrect, sir. But it killed a few seconds. Nice job. Five, six, seven. See. And what's going on around here? Where this is not going to fly. It's very disconcerting to me. It is. Too many people sticking their head in the goddamn door. Too many people. But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but. You know, and Sam, the last person. Let's pick one day a week when Sam can come in here for like about two minutes. And we'll have an egg timer and as soon as he comes in, no, you turn left side down there, and, as soon as the egg timer It'll be like a. Well, no. There'll be a. Yeah. Because man, I mean, you know, he thinks I'm joking. When I look at him, my blood starts rolling. I think Jesus. I mean, this guy's on the payroll. What do we have any idea what he does? No. And he's sitting in that big room as well. And the answer to the story is, it's not really going to be his office. It's going to be a production studio. Right. But, he's just kind of taking over it in the interim until you're 25, 25, when they get around to, I'll put the production studio in. Because that might cost a money to buy some equipment for real production studio. So he just kind of like, took it over. Because our PD's a win, but he took a little tiny broomcloth in on the corner and said, OK. Here's Pablo Beach, hello. Hey, you do a major kill on me. I know. Now, there was kill me. This audience is killing me all this week. First week in the new studio, which I'm starting to like these new studios. I'm getting used to it. But the audience this week, I wouldn't wish them on Heinrich Kimler. That's actually why I'm calling her. You talking about the equipment all the time. I work in radio for several years. The god awful board off. And I got out. Congratulations, Duster. What's two weeks ago, I got back in. Oh, OK. I said my condolences. And I walked into the station. I went and I went and I went to the call letters. And the clock and the timer on the board did not work. So with the remedy was taping a six dollar stopwatch from Walmart onto the board with Scotch tape. Oh, wrong with that. And it wasn't even good Scotch tape. It was the cheap three for a dollar still. I think tape to yellows and crap. Here you go. Well, you know, times your tough. And I'm back out. How do you know? I thought it's having a rough time. David Roch has a, having a tough time rubbing his things together over there. Things are tough all the way around. We got problems here. You know, Wayne wants our money. We don't want to give it to him. Well, I just want to say in a back out of radio. And I'm never going back in. If you go to the boulder. But you want to say they just got back into it. I got out when that stopwatch is taped under the board. Why would I want to stay? Hey, guys. OK. Go do more of the old in and out. OK. This guy is a McHam story. 5 6705 60 and Tom 5 60 on a mobile one line. Always not making up this story about the tape and the stopwatch. That's true. I mean, you know, they're all saying they can only hear what comes out through the radio. They can't see what's going on the inside. So just take it for us and pretend we're giving you some good stuff. 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on a mobile one line. I think I'm going to get involved in that lawsuit. I'm going to sue both parties. Well, seriously, because this marlin stuff is a killer all the way around. Here's a mobile and Cape Coral. Hello. Hey, Neil. Take report over here in the west coast for the other three people. Listen, huh? Yeah. They're set up over the set up on the midpoint Memorial Bridge. So Tony, go and Joe, watch out. Okay, sir. Thanks for what kill him the 10 seconds. Here's a mobile and bell harbor. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. Good morning, sir. Thank you. And sanity, please. Patiently. Meaning what? What does that mean? These people, what where did they come from? What are you callers? Where are these people coming? Don't be commenting on the other colors. Let's hear your material. What do you got? I got a lot. I got a lot. I got a lot. I left John Martin and we went right into a speed trap. Check out point on our St. Patty's day. They had everybody. They said, well, yeah, I said, day for it. It was. It was. Anyway, what we need to do right now is have some lunch and make us laugh. Okay. What does that mean? Have a nice day. I see it. There's not a lot of other colors. Here's a guy with no material. And slow down. You old drunk. You old drunk and Irishman slow down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I guess I'm going to have to get my roast myth out. And they're going to create new live album. See, this is what kills me about this audience. They're belly aching. Oh, gee, they're cutting a show short. We only got two hours and 50 minutes today and again tomorrow. I see here I go on for 40 minutes rambling about everything from Alphabet soup to zebra. Is there anything in between? And they got no response. And this guy who's not going to the other colors, he has less than anything. So you're about as funny as cancer of the toenail. Okay? You're pathetic. You're what's wrong with this town. You're all you're shrivel up prune pal. God. Go stand outside the estate him up there for a lot of day with a Cuban, Zilla and then Kira and I. Maybe it'll convince you that you're alive or somebody else. Downfall, but maybe. Through the call is. It's late at night. You're a faster sleep. And a shutaway figure is about to break into your home. Soon but your protected. Yes, the same brown home security alone. The harvest working alone in the sleep there business. Design by the godfather of home protection himself. The James Brown alone protects you from burglars. It's Bando. It's beef and tall. And if you act now, we'll include it. No extra cards. The fat and James Brown hot pants. Far along. Oh, oh, oh. So with the sole patrol on your geol. With the James Brown home security system. Oh, oh, oh, oh. You'll say. I think it's good. It's 144 at 5.60. WDQ about another dreadful day in a big city. We got 200 open lines in day 6,000 and brown in 148 and a west coast. 2500 in Palm Beach. 5.670. 5.60. We only got another hour and six minutes to kill. And the doctors coming in Jeff Cohen's come with the food to what are we care. Do we really care? No, we don't care. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. What a very interesting show, Queenie. Okay, great. Glad we're coming to good time for you, sweetie. Oh, and that was the guy that sticks his penis out of the stall. Here's a mobile in high in a box. Here's a mobile in high, Leah. Hello. Yeah. I was calling by the right to reach out yesterday. It didn't fail to the four trees. Yeah. Well, you see, that was easy to go to high, Leah. Socker, okay. Schmuck. Guys going to high, Leah. You should know that everything there is bogus. And I noticed by the way that Dave Joseph was kind of like half-heartedly sucking job or anything, but in the paper this morning, which is a shock to me. That's just amazing. Dave, I don't know what does going out with that guy. Yeah, the mutual system breaks down there. People have to wait an hour in between races. The food sucks. I mean, highly is just a disaster. Anybody knows that. And yet for some reason, they don't want to talk about it. John Bernetti is the anti-Christ. What a coming to racing in the state. So what are you going there for, sir? Mathicus. 560, 560, pound 560 on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile in the four-laterdale. Hello. Okay, sir. I just want to let you know. I've been spoken marijuana for 17 years. The only time I ever had an urge to use harder drugs was listening to Brian Norcross trapped in a hurricane shot at Shelby. Yeah, I'm going to go. Yeah. That was it. I was going to Brian Murray, yeah. The locksmith's a city. It's been there yet. No, sir. Then the strip. I was there a few weeks ago. You got to try it. Try it for what? Just to go and have a good time. Like, what are you doing Vegas? Pointing my brain, sir. Well, what else do you do there? I don't want to go to a boxing Mississippi. What a hoard that the thought of that is just growth test. It was nice. I thought the same thing to I did. What was nice about it? What did more than I did? Nice clean casino is an hour. You can go to New Orleans for dinner and go back to New Orleans for dinner. New Orleans for dinner. Good New Orleans for anything. New Orleans. It's a scummy place with the dumbest people out even Dumber than here. Just to suggest. Okay. I'm glad to have a good time. Not that I just want to sound hostile. And I go to a boxing Mississippi. No. Jesus Christ. See how you know. It's like people that go to the Bahamas. Oh, sorry, Hank. People that go over to the Bahamas. And think that's a great deal over there with a hit us like poison. And treat the American tourists like garbage. Yeah. Five six seven. By the way, special high to all our good friends over there in the Bahamas. You can't have any of my money. Five six seven. Five sixty. Count five sixty on a mobile one line. Here's a mobile and surf side. Hello. Mobile and surf side. That. You need all you do. Okay. So you got a dead audience today. They're DOA. Yeah. They're sorry. You remember that's with a surf side. Did you set your pitch about 10 years ago? No. You don't remember us? No. Okay. You're going to make a soup again? No. You haven't. Have you heard anything about it? No. And. And. And. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Five sixty on a mobile one line. If you're in Toronto town, this is what you're hearing right now is good reason. Through this point we've seen folks and we've heard you're clear about your world. And�. One year or so. Two year. That. One day apart from 20 years goes by and trying to do it as. You want your're working hard and do is make one. A couple weeks to reach the Arfor. And she's Book. It was a world and a couple weeks after tenido certain details. Mobile in what is it for a kill? $5. $5. Yeah, and you? No. What do you got for a sir? $6. Yeah. I'm a big boss man. Yeah. And I hope it stays on the radio 24-7. No, you sound like the cat. I like the cat in the night. I like the cat in the radio. I like the cat in the radio. I like the kind of red neck that would love that stuff. Okay. By the way, say how do you achieve? $5. $5. $6. $0. $0. $0. Here's a lady Mobile in West Palm. Hello. Yes, man. I wouldn't trust anybody that says $24.7. Like the kind of... Real Yahoo, he's got a Jacini radio. He's got his doberman in the back. How are you? Big jar of ki jelly on the other sea. That's right. I haven't been able to call in a long time. I've left your other station. I changed jobs. I missed you tremendously when you went off the air. I hear you had an anniversary sometime this month. I wanted to call him say happy anniversary. Well, thank you. But it's 18 days ago too late. Well, this thought was there. But I'm enjoying this. So today, even though I know you're not. But... Oh, no, this is the same as I do every day. There are no. But what was the last time I had a good call? That's you. 19. You know, sure. So I can't remember. I can't remember. I've had one of these. I've had one of these. Well, I love listening whenever I can. The bit you just played with the James Brown. Yeah. It reminded me of a bit you used to have the big black guy named somebody. Right. That says get away from the car. Good black guy named Roller. Right. If you could play that some time. Sure. A little killer two and a half minutes. I hope you enjoy your lunch. Sounds delicious. What you have ever written. Happy you. Whatever yourself. Bye-bye. 10 to the new that 560 WQM no food in here by the way 560 560 p.m. 560 animal mobile one line another desperate day on these phones Slating over a lukewarm telephone. That's what I do. Who's that in the doorway by the way? Is that Dr. Mark? Our Mr. Small. It's a problem. Oh, who's got our doctor? Is that Dr. Colligan then? What's the Colligan man? Is he when our water? Oh, there you go. That's important. Anybody that's got stuff for us for free. That doesn't people want to see. There's our buddy from Colligan to best people in the world by the way. There's a solid earth. How you doing sir? My good friend from the Colligan people who are serviced by home by the way. I just thought I'm in the kitchen. I do. Hey Colligan man. There you go. We love our friends of Colligan. You see this is the important stuff. That's what I come in here for. All the stuff that he's stupid phone calls this idiotic chatter. Hey, cleaning it all these red next. We don't care about it either. That's just the kilns and good time. That's all. Which of course is a tremendous, you know, that's a valuable asset in this town. If we can do that for a few hours a day worth millions. Got the Colligan people that are water cool around here with the free water and everything else. Got a regular service hook up with our fine spots from Colligan. Next thing by next week one day will have Duff his desk in there and his tiny little posted stamp size office. And I smell food by the way. Can you notice that? This is the first time. This is the fourth day we're in this studio and I smell food coming through the vents. Smells like somebody's making spam or something like heating up spam. Pull it TV dinner into microwave. Oh god. He's not my cohesion. No, I have not. Oh, be careful. I'm not going to go. I'm getting nauseous just from smelling that. I say lawsuit. And they're talking about us eating in the studio and lighting up a stogi. Seriously, it smells like somebody just scooped a bunch of, how to one of the turrets and popped it into the microwave for a quick launch. Man is that rank. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Okay sir. Going to Italy for honeymoon soon and wondering if you could give me some advice on that some places to go in the influent for dinner that's everything. Probably a restaurant would be good, you know? Yeah, you think? Yeah, I would be good. Okay. Very expensive, very overpriced. The food in Florence is nearly as good as it is in Rome, but you'll have a good time. What about down in the maple's area? How does that? I have never been their only slipper's done. You don't want to go to Naples. Only slippers and gypsies. Is that right? Stay out of Naples. That's what everybody tells me. A lot of poverty, a lot of gypsies, a lot of just filthy, you know, a lot of what are you going to Naples for? We want to go check out the coastline down there. Well, you can check out the coastline, but don't go to Naples. Oh, I was staying outside of Naples. Right. Don't go in. Everybody tells me, do not go in the city. Okay, for you. April's Florida Naples is the same thing. One more thing. Yes. Do you miss Rick Weaver? Okay, we have 62 open lines in data 187 and Broward 560, 560, 560 on a mobile one line. Here's Miami. Hello. Anya? Yes sir. Hey, do you still have that breeze up inside? You have show you got rid of that. Uh-huh. Yeah, I got a pain in the ass that we just done the phoneer for about three seconds. 560, 560, always talking about my bruise. Back home. That's gone. But I do have a pain in the ass like I said it was on for about two and a half seconds. 560, 560 and 560 on a mobile one line. And by the way, go back to New York with your bad full reaction. Well, they wouldn't let you come back. Here's a mobile in Miami Lake, Selo. Yeah, Amy, I think you're right. I think this town does. Okay, I used to defend the city. No, I don't think this town sucks. This town does suck. No, you're right. I-I-I-I-I-I-I was like a whole molye. So over there. Yeah. Yeah. It's just- Like I said, when I first came here, it didn't take me long to figure out it's the walking dead. Even the young people are most of our dead. Um, I'm a seasoned chicken holder for the Marlins, but um, spring training games. I don't want to listen. There you go. Who the hell does? Yeah. By the way, did you see that the auto-to-crashed at Hailea? I guess Hank will have a roll on the front. What does he find? Well, the one crashed? The auto-to-you know how they-that thing just- Oh, is that what you're talking about, eh? Yeah. I just thought you're sorry. The guy called any city was bitching about the fact he couldn't get his money back. And I said a fool in his money are so important. All right. Hi, buddy. I got it at Coast Hailea and he's brain surgery. Yeah, they could try-like-like-do like this guy. I cut it up brick by brick and move it to a real community. There you go. And get your opportunity out of there too, would be good. Well, I knew I'd go out there. I tried to hang with it. I'm hanging on it. Okay, I'm hanging with it. Yeah, Dave Joseph, that was a real ass- duck in column this morning, Dave. It sounded to me like Brunetti, like orchestrated the whole column, basically. I mean, there were a couple of shots in there and a couple of digs in all the crap that happened or yesterday. But, boy, that was your hearts and flowers. And it placed that everybody knows has been totally destroyed. I tried to out-of-work with those people years ago. Remember all the wasted time I did on that with Hailea? Oh, brother. What? I'll waste the time. The food sucks, the ambience sucks. I mean, is it just-it's a-it's a-it's a relic. It's a shadow of what it used to be. And it's great taste. Everything keeps breaking down. The Pope breaks down or yesterday, people can't get a bit and they have to delay races for now. No surprise. Like I said, you know, about those assholes that bought the Holyfield fight the other night. Oh, we was robbed. It was up. Yeah. And we'll let you know when the next game comes along. Okay? Long history. Yeah. This year, 60 or 70 bucks suckers? I'm running where it's evolved from then. Car theft is all the rocks. And America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The plot won't protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You'd have worked from the car, mother fucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd have worked from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd have worked from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. Just use a word from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. He got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is Hades and I create. There have been a lot of car tests. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. I've heard a word from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, less than you'd sleep better as I am. Call now 1-800-1-Big Guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this, you'll hear this. You'd have worked from the car, mother fucker. I am in shock. I'm just watching CNN. They got the, I didn't even realize this. William Kanard is his name. He's the new chairman of the FCC's The Schwarzier. Pretty light, complicated. It's not on there anymore. You're too late. Like, complicated, the schvole. Is the chairman of the FCC, which changes the whole thing now in the words that we can say? Because now that means that mothers only have a word. Isn't that what that means? Uh-huh. Yeah. So I think we're going to kind of loosen up the language requirements here on a radio. All right, let's hear it. Oh, we're going to old Billy Boy. 5-6-7-0-5. Don't call him boy. 5-6-7-0-5-60. And pound 5-60 on the 18-T-1-1-1-1. You know, it's a good thing we do have a short shot. I was just thinking during that break. What if we were here until two o'clock today? Yeah, what I thought that is. I'm going to hit it just thinking about that. So what are you complaining about? Thank God that we have a Marlon's exhibition that's getting coming under in 1250 in this hour. In less than an hour. Thank God for that. Here's North Miami, hello. Hello, Dios. You see? How are you? Okay. Well, I want to call in because I've been eating a lot of crap, so I wanted to say hello to you. And I heard your foreign story. And you've got, and I have a galleria story. And I want to share my foreign story with you. My foreign story? Well, you were saying that you did not like foreign story. But what I said at all, I said it's a tourist trap. I said it's okay, but the food is as good as Rome. And it's highly overpriced. It's a beautiful place to see for about two days. That's all you need. All the night, completely agree. I found a few of the local treta treta rias. Right. And they were fantastic. Man, they were good, but not like Rome. Not like Rome. I find it. Yeah, I'd rather ride Rome. There is some incredible, even the cheap forest rants are incredible. Right. Yeah. And the galleria story, you know, you're talking about the bathroom stalls? Yeah. So I'm in the galleria with my wife. We both go to our appropriate... Effective stall, respective sales. I come out before her, and I'm staying there. And this gang looking kids, you know, with the hair that looks like, I don't know, they dissolve up in the air, you know? Gang here, yeah, Gang. Yeah, Gangster here. It was disgusting anyway. So, Gang. Yeah, there you go. So, he comes over to me and he says, what do you want? So, what do you mean, what do I want? I'm waiting. I'm standing here. Were you taking a poll or something? Yeah. The wrong question. Yeah, the wrong question to answer. So, he goes, no, he goes, you need something. So, you know, I looked at him again. Is that a pebble and drugs, man? Don't you get it? No, no, you want it. You wanted to the bathroom, like three times. You wanted me to follow him in there. He was peddling drugs. You gotta get with the credit. You go over to Amsterdam, man, and wander around on the dam, right? I'll get over to that. Oh, you know, I said, well, okay, get out of here. This guy's so slow. Crack? Cool? Rock? What do you need? So, they have a good time in there or what? 560, 560, pound, 560 on our AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile or must-pombee, chill-o. Any other idea? Okay, sir? Hey, long time first time. I was just sitting up here and now I was ponding, waiting for a bridge to come down and remind me of a guy about seven or eight years ago that called up about the bridge tender. Do you still get that on tape? No. Do you remember that? No. Oh, okay. I thought it might be a good call, I guess not. No, wasn't. Okay, here's the Toronto. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What the hell is going on down there? They're cutting your show short? They're cutting it short. And I had a cut short at birth and now they're doing it a second time. That's what you call me off. I was just kidding. Don't knock it. I'm delighted they're cutting it short. After this group today, I'm going to tell you, I don't want to hear any complaints from this audience that they're cutting the show short. If they put on Tiddly Wings in 1250, it would be fine with me because these people could, they couldn't even make an hours worth of reasonable calls here today. So what are they? But you only got a two hour and fifty minutes show. They got no material. All this week, this audience just, they're their brains are fried. I can't figure that out. You got gorgeous weather down there. What's wrong with the people down there? It's freezing up here. Yeah, and it's a what? Why can't you? I'm going to just tell you this. So what is whether have to do with people's mentality? Whether is not everything as you've discovered. Whether is nothing. Well, yeah, but you know what? And the winter keeps your shut in up here. Yeah. So listen to the Leafs suck the game last night. The Leafs suck. They're going through their coma phase. Every team goes through their coma phase. Ottawa's having a problem. Airbeteam has their and the Leafs are in a shutdown. Cromophase couldn't score it. What did they do? We're going to have a playoff team, right? Huh? We're going to have a playoff team? I hope so. I mean, you only got four team games left. They better recuperate soon. But another couple of days of this. And they better get their ashing gear again. So listen. If you get tired of Miami, why don't you come up here and do radio? Yeah, sure. I mean, the CTRC, they had me off here in the first half of our lives. Yeah, it's how we're spurned with that. His problems is what? Exactly. Well, good luck to us, pal. Thanks. I'll see you on the rocket. Okay. Okay. See you on the rocket with the Russian rocket. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the POMP 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Yeah, stop and think about it. Okay. Seriously, this is logic. Why in the world, would anybody be complaining about the fact that we're getting off here? I mean, the first few minutes I came out of supporting and mentioned that about the Marla is, oh, never gave the number out. Fones are ringing off the hook. People very bitterly upset. Why? All of this week in our beautiful new studios here, it's the same old tired, just grading routine. We could have, we could bring in the encyclopedia of Britannica and computers. We could bring in any piece of information ever and ever under the human race. And these people, I wonder, was serious whether it was amusing, whether it was in between, whether it was titlating. Thank you, Col. Guys, no matter what, I was, any still would have no response. And my friend from Toronto, I hate to break the news to you, but whether it everything just moved down here for a few months, you'll find out whether isn't everything. It's nice to walk outside, it's sunny shining the birds are chirping, the dogs are just now on the lawn, that's nice. But other than that, that's all we got. Save vacuum, it's a vacuumless place. The void of any kind of human sensibilities. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. You're new, I thought the whole idea of radio when it was first invented was just so we can discuss the dolphin draft. That's right. That's right, thought it was for it. It is, that's what sports radio is all about, the dolphin draft and the golf. You know, I finally, I really, I really, I really, I really do it by the way. How's this elders doing? I listen to the splinter as I just realized, keep actually calling and I talk about the draft. And you know, the sports show has never had any shortage of calls. They got the same 200 people that call every sports or one is station. They were lined up to talk about the same boring craft 24 hours a day about the nine year old kid in Piori with a great arm that we hope to Marlon, sign and they've been following him since elementary school and Yati, Yati, Yati, I very young, Florida Gator team. Click, no problem with calls. I know you show us, baby. They have no ratings, but they got no, a lot of colors, which goes to show you that ratings and colors are like totally unrelated. Our problem is that this show is so far over the head to the audience. That's right. This intellectual show of ours. This is a key bubble. That's the problem. If I would like come down to their level and do some kind of a go. You know, if you're going to have to do some kind of a gutting stupid show, then maybe we can communicate on the same level. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, I'll tell you what, let's send it out to Julian Dave right now. Let's put the volume on early. Because I'm totally, no, I'm serious. I'm thoroughly fed up at disgusted. Here's almost the end of our fourth day inside. We're doing great. We got the color in guys. Just let's, we got a water cooler set up. We got everything going here in the studio. We were ranging for a desk for our program director. We're taking the bull by the horns and doing our own stuff. We're getting free meals every day here like we always do. They're coming to us. But the audience, we can't decide. What they do, you know, in Texas with the last show, what do they call that? When they try to last who a can't, whatever they call that, that red next up. A cowboy crack. We're trying to last who the audience out there and we just can't carallum. Maybe we just can't get a hold of them. Maybe if I do another 100 years, maybe I can get it right. Here's my knee beat, chill out. Anya, I don't. Great. Listen, my ever felt better sir. That's good. My Smith's got to bring in a big strong defense of defense. And that's what we need. We're going through a funk now, but it's very nice. What's what a defense that makes last night when you don't score any goals. They scored one goal again or goal against Montreal. A one goal last night. How many games do you win scored one goal? We got to go with the best standing on his head. He's playing unbelievable. And his team all of a sudden can't put it in the net. We got to hope that this is going to come back. I can't see Willow says you got to be able to stick it in there man. I mean, I don't think it's going to disappear. I mean, we had to score now here. I don't think it's gone. We don't know. Panicking. Just everybody's got to go through their tough time here. Even the best. Look at the flyers. 12 games without a win. With all that high pay talent. What do you think of bringing in one goal clock again? No way. No way. No way. What do we need him for? Because he's he's when everything's wrong. He's he's a man. No way. I know. I don't think he's going to be a man. I believe it. So a little bit of that game last night. I wanted like up truck meals. I haven't even eaten yet. That'll be all right. Five second. I mean, then of course you watched the Panther game. It's a good thing they're playing on the west coast because boy, that's put you in a real sleepy mood. It's watching about five minutes of the first period. Say, hey, I'm running right the bed. Put my head on the pillow. You're snoring. 5. 5. 670. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. I'm happy to have important things to do here today. If I, you know, just had leisurely day here to Lolli gag around town. I could have gone over there at the beach and had a draw a lot of blood. But then this way works out great. Because then he can suck out the blood with those big needles. He brings over here. And then Jeff Cohen can bring in the food. Afterwards. Have a little bit of a lunch. This is the way to operate. See the year. Minor legors were operating with here. Talk about Marlins baseball on a sports station. Ford dealer with little legors here. Who's paying for the food? Oh, God. I'm surrounded by amateurs, man. Surrounded by amateurs. Spying those people to wonder, all kiss in the boss's ass. These people are like Ted Max amateur hour. Dr. Mark is on the road. Great. Well, what do he need on the road? He could set a half an hour ago. He was leaving. What do he mean on a road? What? Like an omelette? He's on a road. And there is a genie in a goddamn room. What? What do you mean you're taking care of him? What? What do you mean you're taking care of him? What? What do you mean you're taking care of him? I don't, you know, you don't look like they're type. Okay, Sam. You don't look like anybody's type. Oh, my God. This Sam. So help me, God. You know, I have several sick days that I haven't taken yet. You just come to accept it. What is that? The great piece of garbage equipment that keeps screwing up all the time? And let's just play that break over again, okay? Prollo sponsors that get screwed winding up in a ball game. They didn't buy the ball game. Yeah, I hate to break the news to you, screw in. People at Bob live on the New Year Roger show Didn't buy Marlon's exhibition baseball. I know what sounds like bait and switch to a lot of us. Did I mention keep Sam out of here? I'm son of a bitch. Thing goes far. That's two upper events at mom, I'm so good. Fine, let's go for no user to tell. Come here, okay cool. What type of gun should I gotta do right on YouTube, Gary? Maybe it's for sure. Your money. And I never know when I get Lane back, I don't know why, and that can not go anywhere where I'm going. Have I had your faster? Oh, you don't? Of course. los haters and people on the street with pleasure. Just kidding. Be your swims. music Sam, are we seeing him? Oh, what? Hey Sam, we don't give stuff away on this show. How many times have to tell you? Okay, the way it works on this show is if there's free stuff we get it See the rest of the station they can buy a worldy from the audience given away a bunch of stupid tickets stuff like that I'm sure with all of that we were lives of it a hell of a lot better since I said thank you again to the caller who insisted back in November Don't do that anymore. Thank you sir. That's where you got bless you. Right And by the way speaking of callers, you know, I'm sitting here thinking during this break You know, every now and then I am you know, why's it up to realize that you got to like move forward not backward And over the next the you know between now and when I come back from the next vacation Which isn't that many weeks away. I'm like phasing out more the callers are gonna be like a rarity on a show phasing them out because they don't After a hundred years they've run out of material even though there's like new people out there Make no difference the town is run out of material and it's just it's ponderous Go on through 600 phone calls to get to somebody that might have something to say. I don't need that So we're gonna like phase it out and of course thanks to the audience for getting ahead start There's in Monday Tuesday Wednesday and today they're facing it out they must be psychic Here's a mobile in Margie. Hello Okay, sir that phone I can barely hear this call Can you hear me now really weak? I have a fire report for you from Mike Miller Yeah, I heard him up in Jacksonville good place for him. Tell them to keep going. God. It was it was bad What happened that station up there? What station up where one? I think it was the big eight The big eight. I don't know. I know that the what's it in the grease main used to work down on that about Jacksonville Radio except that's the necklace going to be on a station. They call this you're basically better watch out better Neal everything down 560 5050 5060 on the 18 T wireless line. Where's Dr. Mark already okay? You got a compass in a road map out there. I don't want to start getting pushy But he made a mistake as Sandy was on a road. I was like 20 was 40 minutes ago Oh, he's coming by way. He must have come right up Collins Avenue wants to go buy and see that old houseboat again Well, that's an interesting story about who really that German guy the oh boy The guy with the bath house in Vegas and all these other strange people that were involved in that Koonann and the the I say bath house boat house in bath house. Maybe that's what it was. What's the boat house it was a bath house? Not there anymore Mark. I hate to break the news to you. It's not there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, Neal. Yes, sir listen what what makes you think that because you're and makes me to you They you're in a new studio know that I mean us as audience They nobody in the audience knows the difference whether you're in a new except for you saying it Yeah, why would I mean the audience is always you know You always have beg for the people to call you know Because you're in a new studio. It's not gonna change stop knocking yourself over the head You're supposed to make something it's so the normal make it myself. So I feel great No, but for real, and I hate I I think I think right time to clock out earlier than it should you think about it You know, I would hate you to clock out earlier than you should I'm clock it out right now Where do I punch it? Let's just I'm punching the time clock. I'm leaving right now because this guy you know he had a good point whatever was You see the fact that we're excited about after all of these promises and after being down there I like steps you'll run being up here now. What are they and you're right? There's nothing at all exciting about this these rooms nothing In fact quite the contrary what's very unexciting is the fact that some people that he you know what's as Sam reminds We have he's like Andy from Hollywood Exactly No matter how many times you tell him you don't want to see him and go away and leave me alone Did the more you say that the more he keeps coming back Why are you laughing? I don't understand what you're we're shwerking about in there I'm not joking if he had something specific we were working like the center one thing or something that we're involved in Interested and that's fine. He makes excuses to come in here to try to pretend to show what that he's doing something We know he's not doing anything Is he fooling us? No, he fooling anybody. You only read netty's here is because he's a Greg's buddy and because the other guys are about here like getting free tickets from him That's all It's not personal. He may be a good guy I don't know I I don't know him that I don't want to know him that well like I said the other day. I don't want to go in there and talk to him We saw him every once in a while that would be fun. He's been in here by actual count 17 times already Did they have studied in 12 30 yet And was there anything productive came out of any one of the 17 times no And last time he comes in with a stupid giveaway thing that he might not look at the thing and I'm reading it's like idiotic And he says oh, I'm not concentrating. I'll bring it back to my so I'm concentrating. I'm doing a show here I know that comes in a shot to you Sam See so you're right. So yet the very good call you just made Because now we've moved up to Greg reads playground We joined all the kids with their sandboxes into playground up here on the third floor you're right Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir Yes, I bought you read little passes from the recession. Here's my Miami. Hello You thought the big one man. Okay. Here we go. Here's the last one mobile in Tamarack. Hello Neil yes, sir. Yes, uh, Ferrican is near death Says who there's a channel seven just now Louis Ferrican is near death Even six and January they say oh wow In that yeah, totally was it a for good news even though the audience is in a coma. It's a great day for the Irish Yeah, you know what I was yesterday what else? Out of the happenin that court case about that guy who shot that lady is yeah, this is the guy with a funny pack. That's all Oh, I better see Sam and talk to that guy That's the end of our calls for the day Like I said, but we're gonna face the calls that I think was gonna be quite the soon. That's okay. There's not a call on the board See it just happened taking the logic of you people don't look at me just stopping taking the logic of those calls We had the first half hour all those people whining and whining Our lunch exhibition by way, you know and here's not even 12 30 and we're done for the day I could go home right now. We know sweat off in anybody's ass Get the last commercial break in there. They're done Been nice seeing you again today, but that's just 567 05 60 Pomp 560 on the AT&T where I was not this really is an amazing place. It's just Stomachy there in the words to describe this area We got I was looking at that thing they had the other day about only foreigners moving in and almost 5 million people down date Broward and Pomp each 4.6 million people we got Does it really make a difference? We gonna have 10 million of these same people would it make a difference? No, I still be here doing the same thing And if all of them were listening would it make a difference? No, if I had a hundred share Wouldn't that get difference Here's a mobile in western hello Neil I'm still in okay Why can't we get people to hire Confident people to drive buses for our children? We have Child molester they said with all of our technology nobody cares about that story. Sir you the first one even respawn Here's a guy that's got a criminal record involving children no less missed a meaner child abuse He's driving a school bus in this town and now he's doing candy little boy and molesting kids on a bus and nobody cares I said let's let worry less about the y2k problem and figure out how to stop these people from getting into our school system FNA men it's ridiculous and I don't hear anybody out there. It's destroyed about this That's running the school to pick their kids up because they wonder about these come back They're driving the school bus. Nobody cares you. That's why it goes on It's unbelievable and one more thing keep the marlins off the radio You don't need a there okay. Thank you. Okay, see you. Oh Now he's getting a little another study little animated you wanted a why cuz now getting closer to 1250 They probably think I was joking about having a ball game on the and another one again tomorrow. Well guess what surprise wrong Marlins at the Orioles today and who they play probably I don't know when I've got to turn the page Probably the same love same communist team tomorrow. They're about to communist near the Orioles right? See see this Where's this doctor already? Okay, what where did he go? Maybe he went to the packs in place Or maybe he stopped in to see the dental paper pushes are good friends on the second floor. I must then they're nice They turned up to be our good friends Too bad we don't have any good friends up here on the third floor. I lost his gun my dad. I go one I love what we do. I love the notion of washing clean and a kill another doctor who is murdering a kid You speak with a draw and have a bad attitude and grab a can a gas and you can burn when down to a barge who clinic that is Ain't nothing like the smell and nurses are far Now if you've got a truck and where was now? They had I don't know well that you're just as well good After we make the clinic explode we'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road You'll be proud you're from the South boy double wide southern pride Now if there's a deal won't attract inside will break her in they hasn't steal her personally For she dies and ever afraid the Bible do that a lot they are barbarism in their into see thing a Inbread that is our ups and guards routes to No, we are the Christian soldier's own god like to wipe our house with an old foreign god And when we're not burning churches or clinic down we play our bandos in the trees with peas in our mouth Oh Christians are required right there in the old ground out 32 at 560 WCM just 18 minutes away from the big Stravigan to there at four-letter nail stadium We got 75,000 crazy old Cubans outside the stadium going Now culminate to the planet and we got the Oros in a Marlins So you figure out which one's more exciting okay and Jo Angel and David Brian and book shambi the got the most possible be there In fact, they had to build new supports for the press box Once book walked in there yesterday You're in a good job there book your excellent out of his ball games, but Loose some way please. That's okay. So where's the doctor already? Where's doctor redou little? Let's do runoff with Mary poppin do something I thought this thing was gonna be timed out great. I mean these people really think I care about what they call or not or other mine Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I'd love great comment for Miami and I just want to tell you I really appreciate your show You know Well you must be the one man. These people take me for granted It's just about having a sense of humor. I love your show You know you say some things I don't agree with I call the two months ago Because I'm a Christian and I didn't believe all the things he said yeah, and I hope you come around by now Well, I'm still a Christian. Oh, but I take care. I take care. I take care Your show is a sense of humor and laugh at some of the people with some of the comments they say, but Don't really have three theaters having a bit of a time recognize and those people up there is all those souls with no bodies I was uh listen to what you were saying about uh All well yeah, and I agree with you. He's an asshole. Yeah, I've had Robertson. He's an asshole, right? They take things the little piece of asshole. Yeah, and we just have to enjoy life, you know, there you go I could even go after said before they stuck him into box that's life. Remember that yeah, that's life Appreciate your show and a shameless quest. Yes, sir. Back in the box and they're god bless you sir Have a great day. Do you ask for a jacket of box? No, I think we lost that for this year But say well he's a Christian okay, he's had a lot of stress. He's a good guy. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, Nacer. Are you doing today great never been better. That's great. Hey, I just flew in from the York for a little weekend down here But wow, it was a bad move here a band Bad thing You know what I'd like to spend down here to maybe kick the city in the ass. That's Rudy Giuliani. Yeah Maybe he could do some good time here. What would you do down here starting here? I put in jac walkers any electric chairs I would even make his name on here Huh? I don't know. We already got about to fast you just down here okay. They're called the acumen politicians We don't need another one Right, we play honors my doctor here. We go we just been stolen till doctor do little I mean doctor Mark came in He likes to I'm sure you like to better than the patch Adam. That's a real shot, you know because he doesn't ever read knows not yet I'll really keep up that drinking you will not he don't drink a little attention wine Huh? Oh look at that he's out. He's got and I want you oh look he there's another way to make you realize how moment this this is Wait a minute. I got to figure out where I can hear you go You may I sit before you and speak this is the first person to use our guest Mike see now this audience That thinks that I need to beg them for calls forever down stairs as you were down there You saw that crappy thing we had down to assistant to a slightly either But we had not even a guest Mike, but now we have a guest Mike so surprise folks like a real radio station Oh, yeah, well compared to where you were. Yeah, it looks like mission control on the way in What you call it space age yesterday now? I want you to take every test that's ever been invented Well, I look at loop this the compendium contains about 4,000 tests like I said I can't afford that So you know what I'm talking about now they have a test for loop this right sure because somebody mentioned that I want anything that anybody's even mentioned You think I got loop this no oh You think I have anything and you'll notice that where the rash used to be which is almost not a bit left There's a nice scar from the From the biopsie right we don't probably last for a couple of months Remember I told you that when I get a choice between doing something and not doing something I recommend waiting to do Like you seven been a little extra. That's right. Yeah, wait another six or seven years and if you still a lot Call me then we'll see we'll work it out so can I tell you a few things what's been going on? About one or is this about your music? No, no. Oh, I thought it was gonna start talking his music Have you here to be my back? Yeah, this is about the after stuff. Yeah, yeah, first of all There's up there's a major insurance company that knows that we're friends yes and wants to bid to you and your company here to advertise Services using my name in your name but I told him it's since you and I have a personal relationship I wanted to discuss it with you first to make sure it was a way to work it out so that Their business wouldn't interfere between me and you Like they said in godfather one when Marlon Brando was talking to Solato as long as your business doesn't interfere with my business Then we have no problem whatever that. I don't even have any idea what you just said Well, we'll talk a while and then I'm applying for a federal position as well I wouldn't talk you about that because you've known me for a while your high profile guy here in south Florida I want to apply for it for you direct a ship of what's called a center for primary research You have a repair research in Washington. Yeah, help help help now. Where you go around the people and say you don't need me? Hopefully Wouldn't it be nice if somebody from the federal government would come around and say you don't need me? So in other words, you're leaving us? I don't know that for a fact. He said if this is your and leave well, you know it's like the mating Avallus, then I'll have to go back to Dr. Prask Goodman. I could declare him clinic and have him tell me how much he knows about it Well, I'm just glad that you even invited me back here. I thought you didn't love you and I invite you back I demanded that you come back and do something I demanded and I demanded I heard you you left me hanging there in a window You doctor's you leave us hanging in a win not true in the slightest the six or seven weeks I'm not you have been hearing about this he's thing have you heard about this a little bit This is what most of my problem has been according to my dentist doctor Gary by the way Good guy and I've been grinding in my sleep Because it's the jaw and the neck and the pain behind you guys and they all of these things Yes, I had that several years ago. I had I had a vision once I was eating a hot dog and a barbecue and I was leaving up against the wall And as I bit down on the hot dog, I had a vision of Zeus behind a cloud throwing a lightning bolt at me and when it hit The serious the pain was so bad my knees, but I had a vision of eating a bad we need to once and I think that's what may be Turn right ahead of us. But not seriously, it's been so the neck and all of this stuff connected with that now now the Adelat thing you think it's possible that I was allergic to that yeah, it's certainly possible I mean you got to recommend that I go back on I don't think it's necessary and there's a lot of by the way The hydro chlorothisol and I thought pressure is much better on the hydrant. It's much cheaper to buy the one Yes, it is like pennies of salt right Well, you know, you know, it does have that little metabolic problem You know the treglis rides the cholesterol on the But now the blood sugar has adjusted the heads cut back down. It's been great good for like about two days It takes about two or three weeks for your body to adapt to that three to six really and like I said three to six weeks That's more like it. Yeah, I would say that's right Okay, yeah So in other words, you don't need me as I would just say no, but I look I look up in the you know I got one of the new little pdr. Yeah, I don't have to really expensive one and I look up hydro chlorothisol And one of the side effects one of the rare side effects is kidney failure and I'm thinking oh Like that, you know, it's any anti-diorotic in course kidney failure I'm gonna try a bedics speaking of diorotic kidney failure is all On your mind that's something you two create in any circuit because I've had like various You know Exynpines being all yes, I would have this Going in I've had like I mean anybody who knows you know you're not that old you sound older Yeah, not that old believe me 56 I feel like 96 last three months Hey, my family I'm making 56 you'd be happy you're there So anyway this pattern is not fully diagnostic the book could represent mild sunburn reaction Here's the you already got a copy of this from my dad biopsie. Yes, I did I'm the one that raved I'm brave this air. You know, I am trying I've got a whole bunch of different people to fight out Live and feel and so crappy and what the rash was and all and Basically everybody tells me the same thing. It's not this you know other than my dentist who said it was then He said and I got away another two weeks almost for my amop card a couple years ago I ran it or I had an op-ed and herald and it said that a person comes into the doctor with a cold And gets a chest X right which is really isn't a good thing to do and nice They see a spot and it's questionable and they get a cat scan and they get a thoracic biopsie when there's done The whole yes, oh great. So you got to take my blood. Okay, so you could hurry up and eat. Yeah, okay I mean, you can finish what you're saying. No, I mean you're you're chasing this thing around which I Understandable you know actually see you're the victim of a big picture you've been you've been educated like so many people Take just keep going seriously. You're a doctor. Yeah, you've seen my body, which is a row test Okay, but I'm gonna tell you turn around Jeff Cohen comes here almost naked Now this is a man who's handling food. I just got you doing your your spot and giving you the Reviews I always do for peace. That listening to me and there's not paying any attention I've eaten there. I like the place. You know it is a great place, but this man Why if I wanted to see a fur bull I could bring an algo see the runger man could bring them in here together I was after Jim when you called oh my god you were doing the limbo rock under the stalls in the gym You're the guy Jeff, what's with the nails And he plus the green fingernails. Oh my god, and you're gonna handle our food. Oh We're saying what you know, we've all been you can sit on we have to look at him We've all been now educated to keep doing things when I keep saying it and there's a lot of doctors Just stand behind it. Do less is better than do more when you get an opportunity. Yeah, and my philosophy is do something I know that that bothers you No, but that's my doesn't because something please if I tell you to wait That's doing something. Yeah, if you choose not what is it if you choose not to make a choice you've made a choice But you know is there's still part of the rashes there it is going away very slowly and I'm smear and stuff on it This is the slowest going away thing in the three months Oh, now talk to somebody who's got chronic fatigue for two to five years now talking about what takes a long time to go away We haven't solved that so other soldiers are saying I'm an impatient bastard is what you're saying and just You know, I would maybe maybe 25% of that's good. I'm gonna which which so No, I don't call you But anyway, I mean I understand I can surge your but I If I do live or yes kidneys these things yes these are the things I'm concerned about I have had You know, who I did and also where the gallbladder used to be yeah, was that Beautiful. Thank you Jeff and don't let me look at you. Please. Oh God Brando studio. It's my What I just got to read your spot it says you've got my to peach and my to look out. Would you bring me you brought me Soss it in meatballs and expecting my to pizza Jesus Christ that's okay. I'll eat the time I'll pass that I cuz I'm on the same guy He's on yeah, we're on the end. Oh, by the way, you have lost all the way up You know why cuz I gave up cigarettes doctor by the way who loves the act inside and his eyes Himself, you know on personal friends with Dr. Robert I can screw you are key stuff. What do you names wrap an hour one If I'm gonna name drop it that's the only one Yeah, and No, anyway, I always been an advocate of that diet. It's great. Yeah, if you're still giving The thing is not just sticking with it because once you get in and that party expression into the zone I know that's another book no no no, but I wasn't I wasn't talking about that diet That's what I call it when I'm in the when I'm fully understanding and fully falling it needs a habit of falling it The weight just melts right away really and I don't even have to think about it. Yeah, it's sort of mad Well, I have lost 14 pounds. Okay, my last there when I stepped on your skill and the December whatever was about the 17th of December Now that's not phenomenal, but that's the start Absolutely 10,000 Well, see now you're the one that's being impatient. Okay, I'm talking about the rash going away and all this stuff and you tell me it takes time And it's gonna take I didn't accumulate all the weight in five minutes either that's the way I feel about it So it took me 42 years to get right So take a lot of blood. Okay, and we're gonna do a way less than we'll wait you before and after joining us Yeah, so you're gonna do every I want I want the whole deal all right What I'll do is I'll draw enough tubes to to do everything and then we'll talk about exactly What it is I'm gonna do afterwards because you know I just want you to you know you're the educated customer and I want you to know what it is A wealthy Italian business fan came in last week. I've known him for 10 years and he said do everything and when I did and he got the bill He went crazy So I don't really want to do everything without informing me. Oh, what it is No, I've been I've been mentioned that yesterday's a doctor. We don't do for free everything else around here Well, you know what I mean I mean I do come up here as a privilege So I pan the laboratory charges to you, but I'm not even charging you Ladies and gentlemen, if I really didn't do anything for him for me He'll be alive today. That's right either would you a lot of last several years Okay, get the needles out let's go there's our first guest on a micro I'm a studio that should scare the crap out of these people we can actually bring some people in here now Just wait till the fat out comes back from I'm still down Here's a mobile informeyer's hello. Yeah, yeah, I don't okay sure I want to yeah And it's in Miami it's in for a lot of real less time Okay, we have the news press and I'm a bit of a fan yeah, right I'm a big fluffy But I don't you know, I don't with put on a radio because that's what I was for if you such a vehicle if I go to the game Yeah, especially next the bushing game I went to the I went to the Yankee game against the twins yeah, and There there's people is the paper they write about how the Yankee's aren't here They got ripped off they only got one Yankee plane one guy, you know She'll be able to say but it was the only regular Now there was change Spencer who they showed a lot on the web series. He was crying in morning But you know they came well listen we got a bad connection so I'm a great day Okay, this guy's killing me. Oh God almighty you kidding me now I'm gonna tell you you know me. I'm very good with needle of Had plenty of blood taken all over you would you had been a gas if you saw the way they booted me up a Cleveland clinic I don't want to know what the girl's name was Say butchered me a big time at the you know, I mean left me a big but it's all gone so that's a good sign Well if you'll pardon the expression it's the luck of draw I mean it could happen anybody you know, no, not like this. This was I mean a lump the you know She was just a little stab I think she might have been anti-Semitic or something Just taken out a frustration. I mean, but look at the number of bottle of Files you got never seen things or violet since I saw Jeff Naked in there. They're called vacuuming Yeah, you have a vacuuming them so that if any of them are Dutch right miss any I don't think You said I'm willing to my body to fill all his goddamn things Well, you'll be a little lightheaded when we're done, but yeah, you'll be able to drive or help you Okay, okay, we're taking lots of blood. Let's do it on you while stuck on the air. Yeah, let's do it on the air All right, so I'm shutting everything off okay come on over here in those to me I'm I'm very head plenty of blood taken no problem I'm not a pussy when it comes to that there's some guys that some guys big macho guys athlete super jox See a needle a pass out 2% of the population almost thanks by the way is putting my arm on a Koonan in book guys there's something some Bala kaba that It's on a new Vincent's you're not that far you're like right down the beach you would be that's the shock You'd be interested in some of the stuff that's in there about the boat house and all other good stuff And about the way the police box investigation and about the way the hero was a totally on the outside including Edmund Buchanan Nice going at them my close personal friend here's candle hello Candle Going one going twice Probably all gone let me hear let me hear grab a line here Here's a mobile any slap in it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. That's how I always talk to Ryan just telling the doctor's here Okay, I knew listen I'm took a two quick observation. What I asked you yeah, just play that little redneck bit a few minutes ago Now let me ask you something why is it that the grease make our fart We're making our reference but you play that bit And flat out that drag near the behind truck But nobody is raising holy hell down here because it was a Santa and it's obviously it's a part of the Santa It's it's making fun of the people who did that and making him look like they asked He was saying it himself He was he was Yeah, but the two things he didn't say nigga although he was he was referring to them, but So what if he said no one did they drag darkies done or what difference does it make what the word was he was Oh, I can fun of it. We're making fun of the people that did it. Yeah, I agree that he shouldn't go far for it That's sure are you listening to what I just said? I think we're taking a poke at the people who did it while the doctor's taking a poke in my arm Okay, what Painless One more observation. Yeah, there are solutions of this country kneel. Yes, okay. Why is it that now? I'm not kind of called you but it's somewhat relate that asshole like chill those 20 people out of nearly Little while ago why is it that blacksmith's country that they say that they're that the white justice system in this country is it is an injustice And they have to write but here's a asshole who flies like Tom Cruise and top gun killed 20 people and nobody's writing And then we how do you explain that because they got about a good control the router and the street corners with the ooze That's why okay Okay, I got to hang up my audience Ah Okay, we get rid of him. I don't mean get rid of him. We go cut him off. Okay. I'm sitting here doing a show with a needle in my arm And you had a little tough time because I got very invisible veins It a real tough time finding my Pain I do it by burial anyway. Yeah, I noticed so anyway, and he said you don't need me. You'll be okay So that's pretty much gonna do it now. I'll tell you one thing if you get all the lines there for real quick We might reconsider or not join the ball game Let's see how this works. Okay five six seven oh five 60 560 on the AT&T wireless one if everybody call we got like what 15 20 seconds If we get every line in the board lid by that point We might just not run a ball game. We'll keep the show going. Okay. It's up to you five six seven 0 5-0. No lines with yet 567 0 560 pound I got like one four lines with pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless lock on my type of got two seconds God damn it