What what what what I don't know a Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Danny Пос relationship we have a mobile from near amar hello ever Annie Annie Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny David Woodley Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny Danny and Danny Jimmy and Danny and Danny That's more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the potions wherever you a father comes with its own frigid ass Some days from way to day In the sky down the ground Oh Around Way to explain this James my brain I'm saying James Who's made sports? Little cotton jeans He's win He's win Who's a claim Has gone down in flames He's win He's win He's win He's win I think he's tough Those dreams from way to way James No Jimmy Go into this Do me Okay, it's 10 o'clock What's he say? Jimmy, why'd you do this to me? Is that what he said? Thanks Wow 10 o'clock 560WQ I'm positive So anyway Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny I think what we ought to do is just play that for four hours What do you say? There's no beats to crap We just got through a hearing Not just the last four hours I'm talking about the last time He weeks now Puppah The kids don't have enough text books to take home from school On this town Their kids go to school in portable classrooms We just had 85 multiple shootings over the weekend And one of these people all concerned about this is important Stuff Yeah, keep trying to tell George This is important stuff And he keeps going Ehh No And I see yeah Don't you see how these people around Is building or hyperventilating this morning Even Adam from sales is a pretty good guy But it comes in here Bouncing around like he was on some of Peter Relenters drugs Bapapapapapapapap I had never seen so many hypermaniacs in my life As in his building this morning But a quarter nine They're coming out for one of their 25 minute commercial breaks And a morning team in a month in the hallway And Joe Rose who's I realized for the first time he's 7 foot 3 Joe Rose comes out here in a hallway towering over me It looks down at me and says So what do you really think? What did you think you saw? What do you think? Well first of all I was at the track last night I was at a very important you $11 Which paid for my turnpike tools and my gas money And I had a great time with my friend Derek at the track last night Of course the fat one Mr. Fat he was at the game last night Nice going there richy, great choice I had the three over to one two five and a six over to seven eight We had a great time And you could have been there at the track Feaning your fat face for free and have it a good time It's that of in the middle of the foot brawl game last night I used that foot brawl with an R What do you think? But I did you home in time to see the last the second half of the third quarter And the entire fourth quarter Am I reaction wise? Oh right! You see nothing I'm not talking about Physically I'm just talking about in terms of life In terms of sports In terms of career nothing that happens to Jimmy Johnson could be bad enough to make me happy I don't want to think that happened to buttercup His little dog Yeah his dog his name buttercup Dirty didn't know that he's got a big smirk on his face right now He's shmirkling His dog his name buttercup And it was very upset about that too that the medium made a big song And a dance that that was a real pan-geist kind of a name for a big macho football coach like him The name is little dog buttercup Oh my god Even I wouldn't name I mean tiny okay tiny is an name because he's tiny because he weighs 10 pounds That's not a bad dog's name but buttercup for Christ's eggs Yeah so like I said if he lost every game the rest of his life Which hopefully is career will be like maybe one more game And then you know go fishing it's a very simple solution The solution's very easy Danny Marine O should retire not play one more year he should retire not go out like a clown like a fool Like Stan Musiel did guys that hang around too long they go out looking like jackasses On the on the one voice is standing in his town I told you two three years ago this man can't play forever With two bad knees he's a statue to begin with can you play forever? Oh anybody play forever Oh no but it's a it's a one trick pony this whole team So last night there was the great marino there was the awful the worst in the world marino and everything else because Uh it was all in his hands And in me time love the great well hopes with his broken leg He's in a jail cell somewhere okay Hold the careme he had a pretty good game on Sunday there for the Browns and even the Anxious Terry Kirby who vanishes soon as Jimmy came on his scene he scored two touchdowns on it Against a pretty decent cold steam Bernie formally there last night look pretty good but he was on the other side Here's a man who came into this town has had a free pass Especially from the people on his radio station since they got here Four years and has much of anything changed here. Oh Has there been some kind of dramatic improvement? Oh no And these people come in like like Todd Dreck was just in here looking at me with a serious look like I really care Do I really care? No, but it's just this frenzy in his town like this is something really important Like this is what we live in die for is the goddamn dolphins Is criminal football at that the national felony that's what they're all excited about If I never saw another NFL game wouldn't bother me because most of it is crap And I told Todd Dreck I looked him in the face and I said guess what they stink why can't you just admit that they suck? They're offensive lines sucks. They have no running game It's all on a hands-on-one man. It's an 11 man offense. It's an 11 man defense one man doesn't all buy himself Make a season can't do it even even in the prepping peak of his career. He can't do it Don't go out like a clown Danny boy hanging it up go out with some class with some style people are telling me that there were folks We've been at game last night with their number 13 marino jersey turned inside out And you know something that's the Florida effinway. That's the soft Florida effinway the most ungrateful goddamn bastard I've ever seen in my life This man Has given these people so much entertainment so many thrill so much so greatest and you know something if a word for the fact that he got a Flothagad they met me first in an apple his game after the the shoulder range read the neck injury If he hadn't got up then and thrown the fourth down past him and I guess they were lost that game too They should have lost at least two more games this year than they lost there were horse crab team But no can anybody hear admit that no we got it. Well, what's the real problem there? Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, they wouldn't get some of somebody coming here and draw your diaphragm and Show you what the real problem is you don't have to be an expert The same bullcrant to say they remind me a lot of QAM you know the same old lies the same old stories Just keep making it up and somehow to make it all right, you know, pet everybody on the head doesn't work doesn't happen that way So I'm ecstatic that the jet one not because of their friends I mean most of their friends are truly obnoxious but nevertheless because maybe we can get this thing over with already like Hank said yesterday But that was based on his largely picks but nevertheless get it over with already Let's get move on word and upward to other things. I see the panthers want a big game last night And now 11 points ahead a second place Carolina they have the biggest lead of any team and a division in the sport 6 to 1 over Tampa and the shoe mice directly got a star last night play pretty damn good Which is real good news for us that gets a that's on page 45 in both sports I'd paid you 172 in both sports sections Because it's not about Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny and of course every sports column is that ever went ever wrote a column in his time. What do you think they're writing about today? I'll give you 85 guesses George Yeah, exactly Dean NJ 10 past 10 at 5 60 WQAM like Oh She roams an ancient mythical land wearing body armor taking names and kicking bud What in the quiet moments a loan at camp she was played by anxiety What if that guy had friends and they come out to me What if I run out of provisions out here? What if I'm tight cast of a left him? Nina where are your princess? How to handle a puddle attack and gone by a bunch of events in fake fur without spreadian accent But Nina where are your princess? Couldn't handle a panic attack and midnight by a bunch of nagging out My outfit doesn't spin right since the baby I think I'm starting to watch like a girl Oh no now even I think I'm a lesbian Nina where are your princess? Why not after some of the show who's time you can never remember? I hope we don't take cancel 10 14 at 5 60 WQAM here's a great fact You know what it says it just says and Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny yeah about 6,000 times in a nice concert and beautiful job excellent artwork So anyway I didn't finish my thoughts and then he ought to be tearing the go out like a mention Not like a clown in the fool And Jimmy he ought to go fishing by Jimmy bye bye y'all come back not not too soon though bye A mean spirited hard ass Loud talking do nothing think you're pointing piece of crap that's Jimmy He's had four solid years to show something as he showed anything oh no And as they put it out in the paper last week She was last four years the brains them who was like on the oxygen his last four years the record was better And especially after the last last slide then Jimmy says now in his four years But we've got the excuse makers on his radio station boy the people with their heads way up inside Jimmy rectum will never we'll see the truth and never tell you the truth Just say goodbye Jimmy okay, let's have a new regime if it really is important which is not important to me. I couldn't care less But this is an evil man he really is An evil man Nobody could say that about then Reno whether you like him or you hate him nobody could ever say that about him But Jimmy Johnson easy to say that about him. He's an evil man a Finger pointing gutless spinoist piece of turd. That's Jimmy Johnson Anybody but no seriously anybody his position has got to take responsibility it can't always be somebody else's fault It's all and usually Danny boy. It's always somebody else's fault It must be somebody else's fault that he you know took a chance on see he took a shot Look at a shot He's got a shot Yeah, he's looking real good in that prison orange baby. He all he needs is the awkward to go with it and we'll suit him up Perfect we scheme uh huh. Yeah, right Against the red skin boy you think last night was our we wait till they play a real team next week But even as amazing as it sounds as as well I read that the paper this morning that they don't even have to win that game against Washington next week Kansas City or Seattle has to lose and if either one of those happens This this team this group of marginal misfits. They're gonna be in the playoffs. They're gonna be in the play on Oh my god, that'll be over quick And the unsung hero demand that nobody in this town gives a flying crap about who broke the national football league record last night By the way from off field goals kicked in a season Orlando Marri It's a rare a la cheer for nice little Orlando, Marri there are Gentilian attached in boy 38 field rules in the season and of course they made a real good. They made several good comments I know Michaels was ripping Jimmy Johnson there at the end of the game four clock controller Not taking the time out before the two minute warning and he was right just rip him an ass And then bill parse cells out coaches in there with a minute and seven to go take the chance on fourth down to complete the past Why not the clock the game is over? Here you saw on those last two minutes and ten seconds the difference in coaching Between a real coach on one side, and a guy who just talks a lot on the other side. Sikotic. And I understand the good news is as once again. They don't got it! Predicted all those didn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out. You put together these ingredients. On Monday night in the middle of the holiday season. And a game between the dolphins and the jets. And what have you got? Foot brawl. Many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many reports of roles and fights and fist bites. And people might even be able to get into the stadium before they were accustomed by assholes. And please don't try to give me your song to dance about the assholes. I'll be in the jet span. They're plenty of these dolphins. Believe me, I know from five years of sitting up in those games every Sunday and Monday nights. Man, there's plenty of... Come back redneck drunks out there. So called dolphins. See, football is a place to go where you want to see people act like assholes. Oh, seriously, you got any other sporting event. Do you see that in baseball? No. In a hockey game? No. Basketball? No. They're all walking around the 50 people who are there. No. But you got a football game and you see thousands and thousands of people acting like real assholes. And what about a building? Is Joe as tell? So I heard him on the air repeating it 40 or 50, a thousand times. And even Adam came in and said that his girlfriend is at his girlfriend is what whatever she is. His girlfriend is a lady friend. Like to the game with him last night. She happens to be a jet span. She's where it adjusts jersey. And they go in and before they get in the front entrance, a handful of dolphins, they're a costume. How can you let her wear that in here, man? How can you let her be wearing that? And of course the obvious answer is, Nanya, as in when you got damn business. Just like me with my maple leaves jacket at the Panther games. Oh, you're laughing to do something about that jacket. No, Doc, you'll have to do something about your IQ, your hockey IQ, like learn what it's all about you, bosal. And mind your own goddamn business and don't tell me what to wear to hockey game. Just another excuse. You know, you made a good analogy before you said it's like the religion and this. It's religion to people. This is their religion. They believe this is really important crap. These marginal animaties say all their lot of guys out there who are good guys. They do a lot of good things in the community. They do good for charity. Some of them are a few a handful. But there's a lot of scumbags out there. That's why they ought to, that's why they should have been talking about that book, pros and cons and this radio station instead of just here on the enabling show. That's the new name of the show, by the way. We're the enablers here. It's taken two years, but I finally think I got through the Georgia and I'll stand during the last break. We are the enablers. We make it possible for the other people on this radio station and the sales holes and all these other children around here to play their little games to have the sports bar with a microphone to act like overgrown children. And that's what so many of these people are at the football games. You know, you're very, very, very, very see that. You'll see that once in a while and other sporting events. You'll see that some hockey games where you get with kids. You know, made up with the paint on the one side of the faces one color. You see that kids, but at football games, it's mostly the adults. I'm talking about pro football. Mostly the adults who are walking around all dialed up with his paraphernalian regalia, like a bunch of overgrown children. And of course, what a bunch of overgrown children are looking at their gut. And those that up all day and all evening long, get ready for that big Monday night game. As a start till guy day and nine o'clock, empty laughter midnight. See, I came to work this morning and I have to drive right by the stadium. Maybe we are going to come off the turn pack here. Maybe day and a way to work. I thought for sure, I'd be seeing a whole bunch of bodies out there in the middle of the street. Instead, all I saw was just like lots of garbage. Lots of garbage out there in the middle of the street. By the way, clean up your mess Wayne, clean up the mess from those animals you had there last night. From those barbarians. So it is just like religion, just another excuse to hate somebody else. Oh, your team sucks. What the fuck is this you got coming in here, rooting for them? What? Does it make a difference? When you come right down to it, does it really make a goddamn difference? Oh, it does? I don't know, man. Yeah, and you got some nerve letting your girlfriend go where that guy damn jet jersey in here, man. You piece of crap. You want to fight? Yeah. Yeah, the three of us will take on you. And your girlfriend. Either that or when I break in five through the morning and what, dip our wick. Something like that. You think you're still making an excuse? Oh, the way you think you're sitting, but in this radio station still peddling that stuff. Oh, I don't think so. I don't think so. I could be wrong, but I really don't think so. Here's the fact that says what the hell was the idea of a dead off in Cyclecast in the power 96 and W2M last night. Here's somebody who's a little slow on the draw. Like Todd Greck, Greck, we didn't realize the reason. See, when they made the deal here, when they battled with the passion people to get the rights, all these are stupid sporting events on this radio station in pay $38 million for five years or whatever outrageous unacceptable amount of was. One of the things that they had to give the dolphins was, in order to get the broadcast rights, a guarantee that all the games would be on AM and FM, a sign-all can. Oh, which of course guarantees that the ratings will be vastly diminished for a QAM. But isn't that a good idea? Don't you reach more people that way? And of course, this letterwriter points out. He says, I had to leave my house during the second period of the Panther game to get able to listen to my car, seeing the jigs and mower were there. But no, it says, why do we have to endure the dolphins getting kicked their asses on two radio stations? One is too much. And also F buttercup, two we said. How do you like that? There you go, Jimmy. F buttercup. You do why do you add it? You loudmouthed piece of turd. Jimmy, you turd to even he's upset. No, we had the Panther game on WSRF 1520 or 1580 on the dial. We can't figure out what frequency it is. 1580 on the AM dial way up their way off the end of the dial almost. Station with a similar like that. Which is probably good because then you can't hear jigs and mistakes a lot, but nevertheless it was way up there on the end of the dial. I'm sure he's not in the car right now, and especially now with the rim around sure not. But at any rate. And we also had the Hercule basketball on VU M last night. I bet you there was a big audience for that game. WVU M FM college station. That's how far in over his head Greg Reed is. The sports mogul. We got it all baby. We got the dodge ball games, the basketball games, the badminton games, the volleyball games, the nose tickets. We got it all. Just so all these people can run around acting like a bunch of overgrown children. And just like I said, you know, no, I was talking, that's right. You want a vacation. Joe Costell made an excellent point about these nerdy, these sports nerds out here. I don't know if you're a privy to this, but this will make you puke your guts out. Now they kind of like taking a little survey amongst themselves. And they're of course big fans of the two lives use on laugh and you know, during this good time for day period 10 to 2. The ones who have a rating haven't got one diary yet. And I tuned in the day that I was off for the basketball game on Tuesday on a way home. I thought, well, I'll punch over there and see what these guys are like. Found by guilty with his balls in a strainer. Two guys with squeaky voices trying very hard to be funny. Went over like a pregnant pole vault around a very, very hot July day in South Africa. But these sports nerds around here, we don't have to mention the blinding. They think that once I hang up the microphone, that'll be the perfect show to move over here from a day. So I agree. Yeah, there you go. The two sports nerds. And we can get back to these saying to the event also. And then that's right. Yeah, that's right. And we don't have to have this enabler on here and bring all this money and all these ratings. And it's so that they can play their little games. They go back. They go back to the numbers. They had when they had Chris Moore on on here in midday. It's not good to be the enabler. That's right. People, they don't want to be the enabler. Do you want to be the enabler? No, we don't want to wear a bearers to be the enablers, by the way. Just like for that golf tournament, which we got more dirt on that today. We continue to this. I'll save it for a minute. By the way, are we taking any calls today? No, thank God. I'll tell you one thing you won't hear today. And Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. No, you want to hear no those calls on this show because there aren't going to be any calls today. I'm going to tell you this show goes by now like lightning, like greased lightning for me. And at the end of the four hours, I don't feel stressed out. I don't feel psychotic. I don't feel like, oh, geez, another day like this. Like the colors and just the room the show. How many days have I said that? Show is okay on this end. It's on the end with the colors that it sucks. Now we don't have to worry about that because there are no colors. How do you like that, huh? I like it a lot. Look at that. Another light. No, guess what? We're not talking to you. Not talking to you. I'm answering the phone to we're just sitting there with a very stern look on his post. Is he going to answer your call? No, no. So those tickets we got for the whatever that came is for some game. 26 past 10 at five six to WKOM. Tonya, my queen. Go. Tonight on the history channel. Eight off Hitler was a maniacal dictator who started World War Two and became the most hated name in the world. That's awesome, guys. In pain. But what about all those unfortunate news shared his last name? What happened to them all this week? The history channel presents the forgotten Hitler. Oh, the wall. I was doing that. And his eight half comes along. And poop. Oh, and what's the most? And grab a shobbo Hitler. The forgotten Hitler's on the history channel. It shows you how even the most distant relative can screw up your life. My name is Nancy Hitler. I was the owner of the biggest daycare center in America. Well, we were about to begin franchising our business when the war came along. Well, all of a sudden no one wanted to send their kids a little Hitler's daycare. Shit. Join us all this week. As once again, we find a way to make a new program out of the same 200 feet of news real film. Oh, my god. Hey. But forgotten Hitler's. Oh, I'm the history channel. I think they got a point. 1032 at 5.60 WQAM. A lot of facts is coming in. Here's a very good one. It says, Rich, Sue, mysterious more wins than Jenny or I can't even say it out. Jimmy or Jenny or Jimmy? Jimmy or Danny in December. That's right. I've gone, Eric. Got a big win last night of course. Nobody heard it. Nobody saw it. Nobody was panning the attention to it. Here's Rob, who says another example of Jimmy being a coast down 10. He's going to go in the game. He runs a sweep right last four yards. Next pass the purchase for five yards. Finally found his name for the defense. He says the buttercup defense. Oh, that's gone, Rob. See, we got to create a body of sun issue. That's just a bunch of suckles. We'll keep sucking up on that same old. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Stuff. God. Yeah, I'd suggest that in fact, maybe we'll do tomorrow. Just put that on endless loop and play it for all four hours. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. It's a disease. It is a disease that is sweeping this community. An illness. Somebody said to me yesterday to say, you know, do you have like some kind of a a meteor that shows like when everybody has turned off the sports shows on your station. I mean, when all the dials are in the opposition. That's what he means. They said that Jimmy and Danny stuff, that bit is absolutely correct. It's maddening. It's it nauseating. Even if you had an appetite for it in the beginning, it would be like eating 700 pounds of steak at one sitting. No matter how good it was, no matter how much you like it after a while, you know, that gives you your justice. And it wouldn't be too appetizing anymore. So we don't want to talk about other than the 400 taxes we'll get today. Here's one for a murt that says, pack Jimmy's Johnson a baloney sandwich and ship him off. Reno needs to retire and go out and class like Mary will alluded. We hate to seem to go down in flames and enough with Jimmy and Danny Danny and Jimmy. And he also, oh, yeah. This is Rick who always ends his taxes by saying, if I get the God damn carton machine over here. No, no, no, no, no, no. Thank you, Rick. I have a feeling I know who this one is from. Oh, yeah, highly. We only got one factor in highly. It's that the quantity of now. I think, oh, maybe not. It says, I just want to tell you that the 17 under the fan is a great station. Oh, yeah. I love that station and want to, you know why I can't stand Hank Goldberg and the worst team. But I like you. When listening to every day, but when you talk about religion and cubins, I change the channel other than that. I like you. So mark that down George. We don't want to talk about humans or religion. Do we? How are we? Audio snail. We love you and highly. Let's send Jimmy back to Dallas. So Jimmy sucks and Danny needs to retire. There you go. That sums it up very well. Jimmy sucks. Danny should retire. Oh, look at that. That's the end of that conversation. Leave it to me to capitalize it in the nutshell. All these rolling jackasses out there, getting dry. I'm glad that I wasn't stuck in the traffic after that game last night. I can't even begin to imagine. What did I just up the road here in a while? What have I to been like? With thousands and thousands of people who created a first off assholes there last following that debacle. And they talk about the Romans and the Colosseum during the Christians to the lion, at least they had a good idea. At least they were doing something constructed with their spare time. But this crack, this swill, that all these people, you want to see this place today. And like I said, this is a sports nerd place. How many people do we have in this building? I was just thinking about this the other day. Who are real radio people? See an IOD? I'm trying to think if we had any sports nerds. Well, once upon a time we had chairs at Gacky. But they blew his ass out of there. How many sports nerds did we have? As opposed to broadcast. I can't think of any. Can you name me one? Are you talking about on the air people? No, just in jet just around. I'm not late. I'm not going to be late. I'm not going to be late. Oh, Scottie Mac was a sports nerd. Oh, the sports producer, but he wasn't one dimensional. Well, I'm not talking about the sports people. Beful is there before he came here. But I'm talking about people are like these people. You know, like, no, you know, you're not. I should rob her to Grim Brewer. And all these other silly people around here who think who think that this is important stuff. Their life revolves in begins and ends with his crack. What about stress? What about? Get out of here. No, there were no wall one dimensional people over there. And then and contrary to that around here, that's about all we have. I was I'm trying to think of it now like John penis. He's he's not one of those. I don't think he sells the show. I'm just a pervert. He's just a pervert and he's primarily shows the shelves are show. But other than that, we're surrounded by sports nerds. That's about the last thing they want to talk to you about. And this morning, but the fuck the fuck the fuck I said. hysterical. You'll need more hysterical with the fact that last night we got to see that talk mark. Push on national television ABC. Nice going there by the way ABC catches his push up there with the headset on my cock. Nice going. Oh, that was the highlight of the night. You guys, the fact that the clock ran out in the offensive run. I'm sure it ended up 3831 score. That was the highlight of the night for me. We're seeing ballty up there with the bandzits. And he's got the headset on in the coaches booth. And it's like cock guys. He's got the headpiece over where his uh... Breakfast him is supposed to be like right there on the front of his face. He's gonna take spot in coaches booth. Made both newspapers today. How do you like that? How? As wild as the action got on the field Monday night, it was no match for the shenanigans in booth G of the press box at Pro Player Stadium. In fact, that's probably what they said with the door from G. Are you here again, you asshole? Dolphins on a way in H Wayne High Pingo was spotted wearing a headset during the second half of the loss of the jet. ABC television cameras caught the understanding with the Dolphins' asses and coaches in an area normal to consider off limits through all nine coaching personnel. He's got to be another Jerry Jones. This guy. From the Cowboys who wants to go down on an aside line, it's their coaching in the middle of the game. Like does this man the way he's thinking about the guy damn game? No. I pingo left the booth with about six minutes left in the game after the Dolphins failed to move the ball for a third straight possession. Worrying a bright red suit jacket, the owner strode quickly down the hall and flipped into an executive elevator. As for he was doing in the coaches box, I pingo offered a devilish laugh at annoying smile. As a reporter started in with a second question, I pingo simply shook his head and held out both hands and if to say, don't go there. With that the elevator door is closed. Now here close right on his push and there were like, uh, do zits pop. Don't go there. You know something people who use that expression don't even go there. Oh, oh, let's take a poll. Which one bugs you the most? Don't even go there or closure. Which one disturbs you more? You bill girl. Yeah. Closure. How about let's get some closure? You don't we need closure on our tenure right now? Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Yeah. We need some closure on that. What do you say? Oh, God. As it close your mind, anything else I guess because that's what they do around here. The sports nerds were loaded surrounded by him. We don't have any radio people in this building. That's the problem. How many? Well, I'm only coming back. We'll see if we can find out any radio people in this building. We got one or two. Hey, stop it. Yeah. Don't cause us down the hall right now. Baaaaah! 21, before 11 at 5.60, WQAM. Yeah, I saw him coming in this morning. Crawling around on the floor out there in the hallway and those brand new tiles. Playoffs, huh? Playoffs, this. Ow! Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rainbow Forward 5. Oh, you. This gun, they're both still alive. I wanna make movies for his five. I like to go in great plan Hollywood's broke. Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke. First blood came in 82. That's why I heard my penis ended never ever grew. Rambo 2 was an 85 late. And remember 3 was an 88. 2 is a unit. It's 2 is my gun. I could not make movies with my son. If you haven't seen him, you was in Rocky Flag and daylight in Colombe. A little bit catchy for what I mean. I got hit alone from the power queen. I got to have a dog with a new knee. Or a Broadway show like an Aegean. I get nobody else to fuck up with him. It was stupid. I guess I understand. My whole life is about two k-bames. All I got left is the flame. I make the make Rambo 4 and 5. So I get out. So call me up. I really need a script. I can do dialogue or keep it in Z. They like comedy. Action. And venture. And drama. The only thing I will undo is I'm sex with a llama. So give me a break. For goodness sake. I just don't be an opera. Now I can't get on Ricky Lake. Right now I got a one man selling pork. I can't see. Basically I've got an unemployed chipset. I don't know what I mean. I got to get a loan from the power queen. I have a non-lerged hit no knee. Or Broadway show like an Aegean. I get nobody ever to talk about it. It was stupid. So I understand. My whole life is about to pay me. All I got left is the flame. I got left is the flame. And that's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make them more boring. Oh, right. Absolutely. At 45 at 560 WQM, here's a facts from Joe and Naples who says, I agree that most of your callers are just suckles that don't have anything interesting to say. However, the occasional callers who have original material or disagree with you, do add to the show. You're verbal attacks a couple of the timely drops and sound bites on these people are hysterical. I realize that there are very few human things in this sea of monotony known as sound Florida, but have substantial opinions, but please reconsider your search for them. Thank you, Joe and Naples. Joe? No. Well, some are we'll take a poll on it. But I think the answer will still be. No. And I'll give you a good example. I'm driving home yesterday listening to the Humper. I'm here. You're this little model on there. And then, uh, on come some guy. And of course, you know, Hank sometimes backs himself into that gambling quarter. And he's talking about how he's picked stock that he was, uh, over three, whatever was. And he's having a horrible time and he wishes to seize wood and. And what happens all of a sudden after that, here come the gambling cars. And here's one young asshole he's calling it. Oh, yeah, I've lost a lot of money on your picks and boy. I'm going for, uh, real, uh, whatever. And then the next guy calls this. I wish we had it on tape. They must have it near somewhere. Some old concier. And of course, it's always these old old. These are the kind of the people you see kicking the ticket to run on the ground at the race track. Looking for a, you know, a winning ticket that somebody threw out the disparados, the lesser green shirts of the world. Wow, you know, I had nine and a half. And I squeezed the juice on the under and there, squeezed this on your, this guy was squeezed. I, you know, something I had no idea what his man was talking about. None. If you were to help the gun in my head, I couldn't have had. The gun to tell you what this idiot was talking about. And there we go with those gambling calls again. So if you're going to tell me that the phone calls, you see, it's, it's too much of a waste available at your time. I can't take a four hour show and just, it's like, it's like a search party. I can't wait. We ought to call it. Remember, they used to have a done McNeill's breakfast club. We should have Neil Rogers search party for four hours every day. Searching for a color that's got something interesting. I'm using, uh, fascinating to say. I just can't waste that much time and good conscience. I can't do it. Plus it's tremendously frustrating and personally the billetating. Why should I do that to myself? Why should I subject myself to four hours of crap every day? Why can do it otherwise very amusing and entertaining in the worthwhile show? Why should I do that? Is there any good reason? No. I don't think so. Tomorrow will be the end because there's the infreighted. We got a taste because we got the New Year's holiday. Thank God. But, uh, and that'll be the end of three solid weeks. I'm not going to say no calls. Did we miss the call? No. If I had a problem doing a show without calls? No. Have I been able to get all the material I read it? Would like to talk about? No. Even without the calls? No. So what's the problem? I mean, stop and think of all the calls that you hear. Not just on this show, but all the talk shows. And ask yourself, what was the last time you heard a really great call? And how many of those great calls do you hear in a month? One, six months, any year and five years and 150 years? How many? Uh, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So Joe and Naples. And by the way, Joe, you're probably a pretty good guy. But what do you do over there in Naples? Tell me what to do. You're probably listening on that awful guy then. 770 if anybody can pick it up. Uh-huh. So just kiss the ground that you're able to pick to show up over there. On the West Coast. Kiss your radio. What are the goddamn knobs? Kiss the knob. Right now. Or still got my Tommy Brady. Thanks again to Mad Dog, Mad. It's me. Speaking of kiss the knob. I'd like to kiss his knob. Well, that's, uh, what, that's his nose. Isn't the knob? Well, that's what Wayne Gretzky always used to powder his knob. That's what that fact gets is in a catch broadcast. Whatever his name is. Anyway, before I get back to the thing about the radio people here at QA, I hope you're thinking about this very seriously now. I'm going to take at least four or five seconds to come up with all the name. Here's a Peter Leonard, of course. I don't want to mention that Peter Leonard left me this fast. But he was in there this morning again. Go, bap, bap, bap, boutsing off the walls. Come on, can we come up with something a little bit better than Riddleton for this man? Please, soon. Don't take it personally, Peter. But happy new year. We'll see you in the next millennium. Which starts in a year. He facts as me. Hot news from Chief Channel. See, here's another guy. He's kind of like the sports nerds in reverse. He's a radio nerd. That's all he knows. It's like these assholes that call from Orlando and tap all the time. Oh, do you hear about last nerds at this? And Mark Larson did that. And we don't know. We don't even know who most of those people are. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, well, we knew who he was. By the way, he missed the thing last week. The facts about how he's off here as if he's number one. I heard something about it because of some lawsuit he filed there. He's having something to speak with FLA and he's off here and he ain't coming back. And he said this and he said that and he's made your asshole. Yeah, I'll be able to press him on. Yeah. But at any rate, hot news from Chief Channel comes January, filling in for a book Daniels. For three months, work is having back surgery. Well, you know something I'm glad for you know, because you always look like a hunchback to me. Didn't you? Now, I don't know why you're laughing like that. I think this is good. I really know what other back problem is. I haven't back surgery. Maybe you correct that hunchback problem that she always looked like she had. Yeah. In fact, I know that she must have gone to school even being a Jewish. She probably went to school at Notre Dame. Huh? She's not seeing your laugh, but because you're thinking about it, and the more you think about it, you're picturing her in those army fatigues. Whether to hump. I have a hunch that this might work out for you. Anyway, coming in filling for our book Daniels for three months, work is having back surgery, looking for a spine that says, that's Peter Leonard saying that, not me sweetheart. The inimitable Liz Wilde, the Simmonica Candon She got Candon a planet and laid a big big fatigues. That one, okay? As Peter bulls, you're once again, continues coming up with a major talent of America. You're always driving them wild and camping on the super tough 50,000 lots of pure undulled way to swell with all due respect to fill. Seriously, you said Tim what else have they got? Did anything else on that station? No. Well, I mean, Rick and so. And then George tells me this morning, which is the reason I started out to show this morning with what I did, Francisco. A Ruka is the best radio show on the game. What time is he on? I don't know. That the anxious Francisco, a Ruka is filling in for Rick and so on and more. I mean, what, what sense does that make? Can you think of that out? Well, what does that mean? How does he fit in over there? He's been on before. Talk about the connection today. He's been on before doing what? I feel like I'm going to do that. Francisco, Arruka? Yes. Oh my God. You ought to like him. He's a communist. I hate a communist. Yeah. Because he has a different opinion. He's not one of those people. He knows that one of those assholes. He's not one of those boy scouts of the rescue. He's going on the every way shooting themselves in the feet even though George's is that's Alpha 66. Alpha 66. That's a stuff you take a powder. Do you ever try that stuff? Alpha 66? Do you ever have that? No. It's like a BC powder. No. It's like a chocolate powder. It's like a diet thing. Oh, it's pretty good. I think I'm going on that. Because I think the I can suck. Oh, by the way, no. The I can just okay for people at a worse work. It's great. Does it work for me? No. No. I'm fat as a cow. And then we get a call from the borders people. Oh, Dr. Acid is coming sometime in. I'm not even going to promote it. Wouldn't you like to do a joint appearance with Dr. Acid again? No. If I George is, he'll do a joint appearance only if he gets to bring the joints. Yeah. No, somebody else has to. Why is that? It's coming. Then they're free. Oh. Like I said, if Dr. Acid is brings the weed. Dr. Acid is a doctor. He can probably write a medical. Oh, medical. He'll go to a state where you can get a prescription for medical marijuana. There you go. So I will do a joint appearance. Everybody can sit around and puff the magic dragon. So anyway, here's the fact that I founded my briefcase. Since now that I'm doing all this stuff, I have clippings of 80 billion different things that we did that I want to talk about. And go through my old briefcase the other day. And here's a fact dated March. When I was on May 11, 1998, you were going to have to go from the early days on QA. When we were downstairs, still having a fairly good time. Long before the OJ golf tournament. Address to Neil God from Mario and it says, this is great. I have to put my two cents in regarding the gelties of the airways and all these other young punky kids that don't belong on the air, but are. Many years ago when I was just 18 years old, I was offered to job at local Spanish radio station here in Miami. Given my young age, lack of radio experience and squeaky young man voice was not allowed on the air for a year and a half. The program director felt that all the way had the right tools for non-air performance. I needed to become more experienced with the operation and work on my inner voice and personality. Well, of course, in this place, most of the program directors believe you have to have the right tool for the year. I was eventually allowed to be on the air and actually worked on a radio station here in Miami for several years. Until the last station I was on was sold and decided that was enough for me in a radio business. Nice going, Mario. In any event, the purpose of this fact is to voice my displeasure with what passes nowadays, especially at WQA and for on air talent. Jaldi and the other kindergarten sounding radio personalities on your station don't belong on the air anymore that I did when I was 18 years old. Is it possible that WQA can not find an articulate person that actually sounds like it belongs on the air and will work that cheap? I guess the answer is that he was sounding, no, he's got a big letter. Nice going, Mario. Great fact. That's worth saving in my crap out for future reference. Because other than a bunch of silly sport and I'm not saying that these are bad people who I dislike these people. I mean, most of them are decent guys in their own bizarre way, but they're not radio people. And their idea of radio, they think that sports talk is the hub. That's the center of what radio is all about in the broadcast industry. To which I say, like Clarence here that he's asking me, what do you consider a good sports talk station? And I thought about it for like four seconds. I said, I don't. I've never heard of a good sport. They're all the same. Some worse than others. It's all the same crap. The same 150 groupies calling and saying the same crap over and over again about the same things. Like if you had lunch today, and it was a really good lunch. Let's say it was a big lunch. Let's say that macaroni grill. Right in lunch. Like tomorrow, we know it was very much tomorrow, right? And we had a big, oh look at that. But anyway, so suppose that we had a big, expansive with white hot and neatly burgers and bacon and cheese in this and it was great. Which it always is. I'm sure will be. And you and I decided that we would sit and rave about it. How long how many different things could we say about the same lunch and how long could we milk it so to speak? How long could we drag that out? Five minutes. Ten minutes, maybe. Do you want to follow what I'm saying? It's like Ruth Chris. I mentioned there today. Hold the butter. Don't get the butter on your steak if you don't want it broken butter and it tastes even better. We don't need all that butter and don't need to be tapping your brains up. And I talked about that for like four or four minutes. I mean, I could have gone through the whole list of everything I had to French onion soup and I had the peri-a and the ferro-had this and remember had that and I picked up the check. You know, but how much longer could I have spoken about the same thing? How many different ways can you say the same? God damn thing. And Ginny and Danny. Before it gets a little bit ponderous. You know what I'm saying? And that's the property sports. They're didn't understand that. They don't get it. Even assuming it was that important, which is not on the first place, they just don't even get it. Well, when we come back, we'll give you the long list of radio people here at QAIN. I'll come on. Think about it. Oh, I'm thinking too hard. Can you keep it here? My honey, my heart is dead. A new Roger show will let me on today. Instead run a gambler's sport whole radio, five sixty WQAM in its continuing effort to cater to all three of you slack-jotted lifeless automaton. It's proud to present, Reg Reef, rushing his son. I love these. My wife got me these socks. My favorite kind is dark brown. Gold diamond's downed inside of the ankle. I'm gonna get one of them, give that one a good scrub. I'm gonna get a start on the other one. What is it, Doug? What's up? What's up? Oh, you're no dumper. Oh, I did check you. You just got the head to squat. It's a good little pet director and go back to your office. Okay. Why is there something to worry about? Reg HU. Okay, it's 1103 at five sixty WQAM. Here's the fact that if Mr. Jimmy Johnson is listening, please return from coaching to the office. We need some bag boy help at the Econ specially storage loyemies. Do you know what's right? It was not cutting it. Oh, God. Here's the facts from will. I'm probably thinks I won't read the song a year, but I will. It says I need to issue a former complaint. You want to hang it, you've been doing a couple of McDonald's, bought over last few weeks. And I think that somebody should let you know that you're both presenting misleading information to your listeners. Who's the count as that by the way, Frank? Frank, you're paying that shirt. I think so. The copy in the ad reads and I quote, and if you'd like to drink, what can be better than the $10 or audio-con drink specials? Sounds great, no. Sound good enough to me. I got some buddies together last weekend when over four good times. After we've paid our admission in satown order, our drinks we've realized that club McDonald is not serve alcohol. It's a $10 drink special for sodas and non-alcoholic beer. How lame is that? I know you most likely don't have a say in the copy read, but the ad borders on false advertising. Expect that kind of nonsense from the other people on the station, but not from you. And it's addressed to a two-brutus. So I didn't read it on the air. And of course I will check it out in my good friend Lee Roy over there, club Madonna. I mean, that would be very misleading. We would put that on the air like you're drinking booze and you're not drinking booze when that do you miss leading? So maybe Frank better check that out. When it's out, Frank, check it out. So we know what we're talking about because on this show of credibility is important. I'd like the other shows where they really quite frankly don't care and they're proud of it. Which segways went into the professional broad characters on this radio station. Okay, times up. You got the stupid tank? Manage. Jim, man did you? Hey, stupid. There you go. That's two. Befall. Borderline. You give me a look. You're not sure. You're the one that hates it. I'm not denying it anymore. Uh, well, no, because he's so paranoid and he's so easy that if I start saying to him, he'll believe it. Oh, by the way, I hear that the rumors getting his job is what I heard. No, sir. I'm pushing hard for the rimman to get to that job on the morning show. Because then if he, no, sir, if he has to get up early in the morning and do the morning show them by the time I get home, he'll be taken naps on the afternoon. We'll be calling you bugging me every day. Puff, puff, puff. No, but seriously, uh, so you're, I like borderline on beef. I like kind of a combination of sports. They're gamblers and all I'm just kind of guy and, uh, Alky. So that's Hank and man. It's let's say any other sports people. Radio broadcast is we have an Israeli station beside just sports nerds. Uh, I don't want to slide anybody. I don't want to leave anybody out. Who am I leaving out? Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr. Prapity tough. Pretty tough baby. We got some other F. J. Docsty on a station or do you call them broadcasts? Oh, I mean some of her very nice people, but no, no. And then actually, look got all these little, uh, h, what. You know, he left out. One of the, three of our, one of the few real radio broadcasts people in this market are good Friend, Ken Baldwin. There you go. That's holy stuff. I'm sorry there you can I have aOpen of the event by using a link! Sure, I'm welcome. Everyone wants your approval to stage that memo. Here you go, we love Ken Maldon. He's a real radio person. Who just hangs out here because they close the dog track. But nevertheless, so that's three. Hmm. Now you were there at the Christmas party. Sucking up all these, they're phony. I mean, all these sports nerds. There must have been somebody there who's like a real radio person. Oh, it's some power to me. Six people. I'm talking about who I am. Q.A.M. Forget about power 96. Because then you'll be bringing up on cox again. Is he paying you to like promote his name on a year? Because you keep every five minutes mentioning his name. I just like to say cox on the air a lot. Okay, because I saw him crawling around in the hallway right in between the house. He had a morning show. Who's he filling in for today? Oh, who he hates, I understand. Oh, he hates bull like poison. I didn't find out and so I was talking about the black is that what it is. Or Chris you make all the money on that psychic fraud. Things he was about. He was smoking a cigarette on the park bench downstairs. And I said, morning done. How you doing? He said, I hate for a lot. He should die. He really said that. No. Oh, but he does hate her. Why? I don't know. Chelsea maybe because she's successful. And she hasn't got fired 444 times yet on the air. Oh, maybe that's what it is. He brought in a couple of marginal cigars the other day. So I don't go knocking down. I love you, don't be knocking cock. Okay. Chris people will start to talk. So there's our one down. The real radio professionals, the real broadcast people, which is pretty slim pickens out of the 48 employees we've got here at WQM out of the 1562 employees we got here at a radio station. Only three other people are real radio people decide us. That makes you feel really, really lonely like the enablers like isolated. Because these people, they think the whole world revolves around each stupid little game that's all in a sports radio. That's where it's at, maybe sports radio. I'm embarrassed. Where do they find these? Do all they're really a dime of doesn't? Oh yeah, dime doesn't. Kids just out of high school college, age. They all want to be sports announcers. They all have high-school key voices. They all talk like this. They all stand people in the back. They all work for leadership. Then there's the beast we left him out. Where does he fit in? You don't know where. He doesn't fit in. He doesn't fit in. He's too big to fit in anywhere. You don't want to say, don't take a personal sweetheart. But when I was at it, he just gave you another facts coming. I hate when that happens. If you're going to send our facts into their machines, see their nice guys. They at least bring us over the facts that are sent to the wrong machine. Beast does. He's a good guy. But of course when we get their facts, is the we send them over there. No, it's your own way. Here's another fact. He's disgusted and december it's said. And that's right. It's why not sign up. Ray Carruth. He's got the killer instinct. That's what you need in sports. Somebody with a killer instinct. Nice going, Erre. How's that baby doing by the way? It says people need to understand that just because it's time for that. And it'll be tear doesn't mean the fans are bashing him as a person. People don't need to understand this because just it's time to fire Jimmy Johnson. Some of his staff doesn't mean the fans are bashing him as a person. When you can't do your job anymore, or don't take responsibility for your decisions. It's time to move on. Sammy. Oh, look at that. Sammy Smith. He's got crossed out in jail. Irving spikes. Why feed it? Oh, he went way beyond that. He's in jail for more serious stuff than that. Which we read the other day. To meet you, send it wood. He's walking around the streets of Philadelphia going. Bobby Humphrey's who snorted up all the chalk lines. They had to get him off the field. Cecil Collins. He just wanted to get his though whipped it. And of course Lawrence. I don't want to say it because that guy will actually be 45 more times from Helen. Phillips. So there he go. To people are a little bit pissed off and fired up and discussed it. Like I said before, feel a lot better about it because it doesn't make a guy damn good at difference. Life is a good thing. That's a good part. 10 past 11 at 5. 50 WQA in here. Oh, you're so big. I'll be the trail free wheel. It's up in. I'll be. But not for too low. Five. Franklin is not coach with throw. I'll pay for the fire. It's just. I'll pay for the fire. It's just. I don't think she'll win dollars fast. It's all fair. Who can sell her weed or be selling well? Cocking people says we need to be devastated and I'll be taught as a jackass. We see both fans like they follow me. Fire. The tap is low. Fire. What's the sense they did? No. The sun is so good. That's a total. That's a total. That's a total. Go, go, go. You're more of a chef. I've got a fellow you. And I can do anything. I'll follow you. Good job, y'all. Go. Go. Hey. Now you just keep on fire and it's just. And I'll pay the touch of play and game of two minutes. I'll pay the touch of play and game of two minutes. It's a total. It's 11. 14. And 5. 60. I'm so big of our good friend Carolyn. I don't want to say post more. I don't think it's ever going to end. No. Just goes on and on and on and on and the shame and the. So I don't know what to say because yesterday we're adding up these new totals that we got in. The center one totals. That's what we need is house. I mean to get her back straight and things up. Come on house you on bring somebody by the way. I'm on. It's the. Did she ever come back or she back in Jamaica? She's in back to visit. No, I know she's been back to visit but she's come back to liver. She's still in finnandaid. Oh, she's in general manager of the. He's written that with a day goes. He's a general manager or radio station. I didn't like that. Now was house. She on the one that was there that found that check under the for Camille's house under the desk that had been there for a year or was that somebody else. That was somebody else. No. That was before her time. And then it was a thousand dollars check from the radio station to Camille's house for our fundraising campaign that year and the check like Santa. For like 10 or 11 months and one day she like bent down to release the pressure or something and there was on a floor. How do you like that? She went down to show her back home to the boss or something like that. It was before house. And so we're not making fun or she was okay in our book. At any rate source, Santa went total. We yesterday was 88,545, which is pretty weak, but nevertheless we do the best we can. And this is the last week by the way to go to specs and get your best in needle CDs and cassettes, which are damn good by the way. There's great stuff on there, but if we only hit more those key chains, we just had another 50,000 of those key chains. We might be able to get this done. So at any rate, I asked yesterday how about that OJ golfer? I still don't see any of that $2,500 here on this county list. Why see it? So George speaks with the OJs Carol from set a one with the unpredictable Carol who basically, I think, what she said was something like, like, Ehh, that isn't that pretty much what she said. You don't know what that's what I got. I just still don't have a dollar amount and I don't know. And how is that possible? That see this is what's disturbing to me on both ends of the stick here, you know? And maybe she is concerned that screw-and-l-show me the pictures of her with a Billy goat no-jeer, whatever that was all about. Was it just during a Billy goat? I mean, there's got to be something wrong here. We're talking $2500, $2500 that allegedly was going there. And this is already like almost the first of the new year for a golf tournament that was on the 24th of September, that they were promised in writing within 30 days to have the proceeds. And she says, well, we may have a little bit of a few some of this, so some of that way we don't know, but we certainly don't have that whole $2500 in any way it's not on the list here. So I'll tell you one thing, and see, and here is another example of your local media, not only to my good friend Tom Jika, well, he mentioned me twice over the weekend in his columns, but has still missed the whole SEC story. And by the way, that's a big story, the thing about the SEC, a lens fine, because David Caden is now the ringleader, the Toastmaster, for this alleged effort with his Christian East Barbista and a Glam who want to repeal the date County on gay rights ordinance. And he's also the one that filed a complaint, even though he doesn't live in his market and can't hear our signal here. There's a tremendous tie in, and it is a significant story, and did anybody write about it? No. I mean, they write about a lot of fluff, but the things that are important, and then again, not just the OJ Golf tournament, which Josie Lambe wrote about that, and Tom J is making real references to it, but not much more than that. But this whole business of charity golf tournaments and charity events. That to me is a major, major scam, and being very naive, and you know, never having been that much involved in the past, at least something that turned the hours this, I never had the opportunity to see just what about your phony crap. This is, and most charities are so hard to come by some bucks, they'll like kiss your ass if you give him one ten to one percent of anything, and let you use their name. The pony office, some kind of charity event, see to me, if I'm going to hold a charity event, a charity bizarre, a charity auction, a charity golf tournament, that means in my mind, what I always thought, that the profits of the total proceeds go to the charity. No, it wouldn't you assume that to be true? That's what you assume. But it turns out that that's never the case. In fact, I guess being very naive, I was one of the few people supplied by this, because we had several people call of the ones who cared, and most people didn't care. Because the golfers, they don't give a crap where the money's going to just want to go out there and smooth the lollies, celebrities, and of course, once they found our Oze was there, they either went and sucked up him, like most of them did, or a few ran away saying, like that, fat. But this is a major, major skim. Where's Al Sunshine on this, by the way? Mr. Hanhawk, that's busy running around chewing out people being open on a sunny day, because the Mayor Pinga Peking is, we ought to be running out under the tables and covering our head, because it's going to be about her or code. He's busy chewing out people who are open for lunch, trying to provide food for starving people out there, who want to place to go for lunch on a beautiful sunny day. And he's running around sticking his mic in their face to an air ass out. But as you on top of these charity scams, that's how many so-called charity events were very teeny tiny amounts of money ever go to the charity? Oh, if he has, I haven't seen it. This is a tremendous scandal. And maybe most of the people, maybe the overwhelming majority of the people who participate in these events, who go to these events, who subsidize them, maybe they don't really care. I know the golfers sure most of them don't. But maybe there's also a handful of people who help out and participate because they are laid down to garden panther to assume that most of that money is going to some worthwhile charity. Big story, major story, major topic, much, much more important than the goddamn stupid football game last night. I would say 50 trillion times more important than Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Then that crap. But the people in this town in the media, I mean, they all over in the country, they do it, but in this town more than any, because they missed too many goddamn stories. They just kind of selectively, they decide, what's news and what's not news. Like the thing that the Harold had yesterday was a front page story about the Florida drivers being less aggressive. Did you see that? Now the Sun sent us got the same story that they buried. You have to go to every page which I do now, but you have to scar through the whole guy then, they even find reference to it. The Florida drivers are less aggressive. Then who? Then they used to be, which means now they're going 11 miles an hour instead of 10. Yeah, they're less aggressive. I mean, that's right in the same ballpark with world class city. With Yoko. That's why they think they bury you so funny over there, because anybody's got his finger stuck in his nostril. That's very funny to them. Yeah. I think that they probably print the guy named newspaper zero. Some printing press up in Okahomka, a prize up there, or wherever the hell I did. And Yoko, Junction. But you're right next to a young who's a bunch of totally unsophisticated people. I mean, anybody would refer to this as a world class city. He's got to be a moron. Got to be an imbistial. Has got to never have been north of the Palm Beach County line. Christ Almighty even stored is like a major world class city compared to this. But they've taken shoes. They decide what's important. The driving afforded. In fact, they were so worked up at the inside page where you turned, continued paid $155 after the next 75 pages of ads. And you turned and they had the same headline twice because they got so worked up. Floored in drivers, less aggressive. Floored in drivers, less aggressive. I guess they need to fill up the space or something. So had exactly the same words twice. It had exactly the same words twice. Kind of like. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, kind of like that. Let's say. Got them word. Fifty minute god damn times. You people are killing us. You're killing this radio station. Those phone calls are killing this radio station. And the guy's in the morning are standing around the hallway. The chill rose. I said this before I'll say it again. I'm still in shock. He walks up to me out there in the hallway. The straight face. I thought he was kidding me. He's serious. This is a man who made his living wearing a jock strap. Okay, and I forgot that. And it looks at me. It says, well, you saw, what did you really think of that last night? What did you really think of it? And I thought to myself, is this man serious? Does this man have even a semblance of a life? Does this man understand that there were those of us who really in the long, or in the overview of life? Couldn't give a flying crap less about this? Does he understand that? No. One thing you don't understand. The sports nerds in this building, they don't comprehend that there are people like you, for example. Oh, and I know you don't exist. Especially a man, especially a man with a wife and a child, right? Maybe some screaming faggot. They could understand. Somebody who nits a lot, a lot of like sweaters, things like that. Watching men and tight pants play, grab us as a straight activity. Right. Okay. And putting their hands on the other, or guys, back home, right? Okay. And then grabbing and pulling them down around the crunch, which is somebody puts their hands around your crush and squeeze the real time. You probably fall down real fast too. But at any rate. No, they don't understand that there are people like you. They're, they're, they're, they're, they have such myopia. It's blinders on that that's all they see. They aren't aware of anything else going on the world. That's why the fact that we don't have a news wire here, it doesn't phase them in the least bit. And the force wire, what do you mean we don't have a news wire? Yeah, we have a sport and not even a good one, but we have a sports wire. That's all you need. All you need to know are the scores. That's all. The scores, the trades, the who like to jail. That's all you need to know. That's it. That's the beginning of any of life for these people. I feel sorry for those people. What kind of social life do those people have? Other people like them. Oh, God. When you said sports bar with a microphone, Mr. You had your thumb on it. I'll tell you that right now. That's how that pegged the first day. Oh, my God. On and on and on with my news show and with trivia and then they sales like Todd Jack, he's one of the worst. You never respect the course, malignant. But just in terms of this, he'll come in and he'll look at you in the end again this morning with this crap. What's really wrong? What do you think is really wrong? I don't really care. They suck, okay? Why can't you just accept Todd that this team sucks? They stink. They're good teams. They're bad teams. They're terrible teams. This happens to be a really bad goddamn team. Why can't the people accept that? They stink. And they're lucky to have the record that they got. They sure lost at least another two. Maybe three more games. But certainly two. They stink. Why can't you say that? And of course, I've always said this. The people in this town, if you dare to say that. Oh, you're not a fan. Like during the years when a panther stuff. Oh, you can't say that. You're not a real fan. What does that mean? You can't be honest. You have to cover it up. Not only don't these people understand what sports is all about. They don't even understand how to be a fan. What it means. And I'll tell you one thing. I better do something about that guy damn jacket pretty soon, too. Or else. Or that doc is going to be a stuff for me. Something good. 26 after 11 on your. And Jimmy and Danny station for the 90s. How are you? I can't go. Yes, yes. I've been to every. One month. I've been to every. So I've not. Too fond of you. Good you. You're one freaking pizza. You're one freaking pizza. I have bad. I have. I have. And 12 hours. One day in the mall. One day in the mall. Nothing for big. But still. I'm about. And you broke him up. No. Yeah, I still. Yeah, I still. Yeah, I still. Yeah, I still. Yeah, I still. Yeah, I. And you broke him up. I've been to every. So. And I can't find. For the. It's. So. Pretty. And. Two. Five. Charo. I. Where's your. It's the last. It's the. But. We're not. Every. Oh. I've got a plan. I got a plan. I got a plan. I got a plan. I got a plan. I got a plan. I got a plan. Honest project. More connected friends. Lot of day. Now. Speaking of that. Burger King. We're calling. Pokemont containers what they're going to do. This some. Something is distorted in that story over her. A conversation. Don't have money to do that. Come on. Don't worry. Chat and send any privacy. Looks pretty good. Peter. Quick. Here. audio in there. There are no speakers. Is this a radio station? No, or what? It doesn't probably get or what? So anyway Kenny Kelly gets to be a 9. Is that what they always say gets to the 9? He's not a get to start a quarterback for UN in the Ron Popeyele Showtime Rotisserie of Bol, whatever it is, whatever stupid bull game they're playing in. They lost 116 games this season, but they're still playing in a bull game. That's what I like about these bull games. There's so many of them now that even crap teams. Like, uh, all right, kite, fucking bull. I want to play into bull game. I mean, what's the point except for like the millions of dollars that they're going to get? Burger King is recalling millions of plastic balls that hold wildly popular, polky mine toys, give away in kids meals after a 13 month girl, suffocated when one covered her mouth and nose. Cut like a Hannibal Lecter thing about that. More than 25 million of the polky balls are part of the recall polky balls. I see what I see. Looky ball. Yeah, as a matter of her, where's my, well, here's Tom Brady. He's got a couple of polky balls. More than 25 million of them are part of the recall Charles Nicholas. Is that like, oh, must be, can't the Santa Nicholas because it's right after Christmas time. I spoke to them for the Miami based restaurant chain set on Monday. That's because they may pose a suffocation hazard for children under three years of age. Oh, there's a good message for all you parents out there. Don't let kids out of three years of age put balls in their mouth. The balls used to pack 57 types of polky mine toys measure from two and three quarter to three inches in diameter and can be opened by putting their two valves, two halves apart to reveal a toy inside. See, I don't understand about this because like both of my dog, well, my little dog doesn't care. He just takes the all the toys to piss off the big dog. But the big dog is got like little bears and all kinds of, and like little balls. Well, I actually need to want to make any balls. But I'm talking about like rubber balls. And the golden retriever weighs like close to 100 pounds. He could swallow that ball, but he's not that stupid. Right. Right. So you're telling me that like a two year old kid is that stupid. They're just going to swallow a ball. I think what happened is they put the half of all opened. Yeah, over the kids face. You know, how the kids something. And then they put the, then they put the mask over it. Right. Right. The Hannibal Lecture Mask. The bottom line is the parent wasn't supervising their child. Again, the child did something. So we have to re-sell. Now we have to be called 25 minute Pokemon, which is going to piss off a lot of people and there's anyone who likes those legs, Penny hoses eggs. You can do the same thing with that. It's probably easier. Let's recall about a golf ball. Couldn't, but then he goes rubber balls. Any ball. Couldn't the two year old kid take a golf ball and suffocate on it. The one kid died on a poke. How about is the circle would say a red rubber ball? Could get gag on that could get a better thing. You put the red rubber ball in and then you put the Hannibal Lecture Mask on. Right. There's little things over the mothpies. I like that. The company said consumer should immediately take the balls away from children under the age of three. You know what? That means no. Yeah. The Lecture's item valuable. I heard that father were tools in charge of collecting the balls and little kids. Well sure thing is going around, but he's a little outfit on his little dress and is what they call the thing around the neck, the collar, and he's going door to door. Father or two. Trying to save the young children by taking away their balls. The company sent consumer should immediately take them away from children under the age of three. This scarred them or we turned both halves of the ball to a rubber he rest around. Here's the best thing I ever read in my life. Or return both halves of the ball to a burger king rest around for a freeze order of small french fries. I think what that really means, this isn't my funny. I think it means for free a small order of french fries. But it says for free order of small french fries. Yeah, they're not like this big because they don't like your kids to choke on them. They're like little teeny tiny ones, which is bad because then they get stuck in their throat. California grew reportedly suffocated one, one, and a half a day poking on ball cover, nose and mouth to statement said. Isn't that what they say on the airplane when the, you know, when those little masks drop down, cover your mouth and nose. With somebody, please tell our Dutch friends. By the way, there's no such word as covert or is that on alataya? What are the airlines? You always say, covert mouth. I think that's on the alataya. Those are tightens. Cover. So take your balls right now. I'm going to take my balls over to Burger Green and see if they give me a smaller order of fries. What's wrong with that? That's what it says here. Are they red and white? It says return both halves of the ball to a burger king restaurant for a free order of small french fries. That's what it says. That's the best. That's the greatest piece of news I've read in my life. Can't you just see 25 million assholes lined up? How many guys damn potatoes are they going to have to guide them peel to make 25 million smaller to the french fries to feed these poor bastards. And by the way, if you're is your little kid going to be pacified with a smaller to a fries? No, of course not. Your kid is going to be porked off, baby. And I don't need that. But I would assume that most of the kids were in it that are not three years old, two or three years old. Correct. Yeah. They're more like seven, eight years old. At least in 15, 20, 30. Yeah. Five, and half. So what the hell is that all about again? Once again, it's like the everything else in this country, which the alcoholics, the smokers, somebody's got a compulsive goddamn problem. Everybody's got a pain out. Everything has to be banned. Everything has to be recalled. Everybody's got a suffer. Because one irresponsible parent left their kid gag on it. And a polkyman ball too. God damn it. I think what they ought to do is take those parents. And I'm assuming maybe there were two of them other than a father or maybe not. And taking them to their nurse, Burger King, and like put them right up on a guy they're more. Let all the customers, when they bring the balls back to give you a dart, preach ball you bring back. And you get to throw a dart at whatever part you want in the parents. How's that? And then once they got 25 million darts in the ranch then we'll let them go. 22 before noon at 5. 60 WQM with the army. It sucks. Now on the big screen from the company that's completely behind JJ and all their parks. Disney. It's their new feature-length element in film. Let's ride Red Eye. It's Tom Spag. And time to metal it in. Boy, story. Your story's name is Red Eye. Can I take them for a ride? No way. Red Eye is the one man, but me on the other hand, I could use the little woody. If you know what I mean. Woo! It's the movie. You critics are calling, yay. Boy, story. To infinity. And behind. Boy, story. Coming everywhere. In theater. To two theaters. In your near you. Near you. And that's never my dream. Anyway. It's 18 till noon at 5. 60 WQM. Here's a fact. It was wondering if you heard the commercial in New Station a couple of hours ago concerning the VG's New Year's Eve concert. Did we hear that? There we go. There we go. There were now advertising $300 seats that were for sale months ago for $75. What did that was? No. It was $300 months ago. Not only $75. Well, we know that they've all had a real tough time a hard time. So I'm not these goddamn concerts. Especially when they've been trying to gouge the public real bad. And guess what's has been having a real tough time is Barbara Cross-Eyes. Excellent. Oh, I hate that bitch. That miserable, jappy, uh, Faghag, bitch. I can't stand her. Oh, God. I was saying, I wonder how many tickets are left for glory. Oh, hopefully lots. And I wonder how many tickets I'd say 50. It says we're sold for Puff Daddy. It's a mommy arena. This New Year's Eve concert was canceled in October. Oh, it's big of a mommy arena. You guys didn't morning. You know, if you knew something, it'd be dangerous. They're talking about the last sports event at the mommy arena coming up. They still owe $38 million on that arena. It's not paid for the old one. The old one. The old one. The old crappy one has four blocks away from the brand new one. That's opening up very, very soon in a few days. They still owe $38 million on at P.C. And you notice by the way how it tremendously improved the neighborhood around it. Oh, yeah. Now all the derelicts have to be at least a quarter of 18th of a block away. Uh, yeah. Was there any development in a new businesses? No, any restaurant? No. Any anything? No. Any urban redevelopment in that area? No. Nothing. Nothing. So the old Miami arena that we used to know in love and really was not that bad. $38 million on paid for. So they're still going to have to pay millions off of that. And then I wonder what are they going to do with it? What are they going to do with it? Yeah. I guess that's what they're going to do with Mayra Pekingapingla and all the and Caroleo and all these other assholes. Maybe they could sell it to some of the Arab somewhere. It takes that 38 million as a start toward the 300 to 400 million that we're going to get voted John Henry to build that stadium downtown. How does that sound? Pretty damn good. Just stand by, John Henry. We'll come up with a way for you. We're working on it. It's feverishly as a holiday gift. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Yeah. We're coming up with the way to a finance. You're a goddamn stadium because we know times are tough. Just like Wayne times are real tough. And by the way, he's speaking to Puff Daddy. What a great segue. Yeah. See, I asked George this morning because quite frankly, this bag, I mean, this Puff whatever his name is, Sean Puffy Comes. He thinks that Jennifer Lopez and he are kidding anybody. No. She was married once, right? To some, uh, figure it out. Yes. What do you mean you don't know? I don't know. You don't know. You don't know. You don't know. Jennifer Lopez. I don't know. You got a big stick music fan. What was that mean? You're the one that likes and Rieke and Luis Miguel and all these people saying, what about Ricky Martin? Do I like him? No. Well, I would have a little pet. Oh, I was like music tonight. Do I like that person? And what's that Mark Anthony? Oh, oh, oh, he just saying his name makes me feel unclean. What about peace, John? Oh, peace, John. That little limper said, peace, John. Let me tell you about him. Okay. He can't think for a shit. Yeah. And the same as Mark Anthony. He can't think for a shit. Yeah. And the same with Ricky Martin. He can't think for a shit. Another Jennifer Lopez looks really good from behind. And the same with Puff Daddy. It can't think for shit. She's nothing. And if you saw her that time of the makeup off, you would get something even something like that. Better going. You are. Huh? She looks much better going. Right. Right. Right. Go. Which of course, from your Cuban perspective, that's all you care about as asked. But at any rate, speaking of an ass, whole rapper, combs and actress Lopez arrested in New York. Oh, yeah. Love those celebrities, baby. I love them. Those are the people I admire. Forget about Albert Einstein and Franklin Roosevelt and Henry Ford and Thomas Nalba Edison. Forget about those people. Let's put Puff Daddy and Jennifer Lopez and Madonna to come. We're talking about the important people. And don't forget Diana. How could we forget about her all over a time, your heart? How about about that bitch that the world was supposed to come to a stop. Or did a lot of people get sucked into that? Oh, man. She was important. Well, who says? Well, somebody said she was important. She's important because the media decided she's important. And she never stole a freight train and she married a guy ugly guy with big ears. rapper combs and actress Lopez, if I didn't New York, hip-hop, and I say, I don't understand. I asked you this morning. Maybe somebody out there would know, move the facts, move the answer. Since are we taking any call? Oh, no. Why doesn't the call impuff Daddy? I mean, there's his picture and even somebody like me who hates hate rap music. I mean, despises rap music, except for M&M. But I can't stand it. Of course he's white. See, that must be the reason I like M&M because he's white. Yeah. Because I, and I'll tell you the of all the people in the world. The one who makes me sicker than anybody. Remember yesterday we're in the middle of lunch. And what I told you who came up on the TV, the moment I saw him. I was like, uh, I was having like lunch reflux. It was cold. Yeah. Well, well, oh, he don't say it out loud. I get the willys from Will Smith. You like run DMC their black. Yeah. There's one. And Luther Campbell, he'd be black. I like him only from a commutial standpoint. Plus he gets so black. He's a jack. You all have said one. He is funny. Yeah, he's funny. He'd be funny. He'd be a wild child. But at any rate, uh, oh Will Smith, see, you want to know the ultimate in arrogance. Will, to K. Yeah. Will, to K. This, like saying, he's bigger than life. Then there would be like, Neil, to K or even worse. Oh God. Yeah. Talk about arrogance. That would be unacceptably. Will Smith gives me the creeps. I get the chills. He is, is he funny? No. And he's saying, oh, is he like, uh, got in any talent? What's whoever. No. None. And not only that, but he's an arrogant prick to top it all off. And I'm always fighting. I'm fighting this thing. I really am. I know you don't believe it because I'm always talking about sports. But I am fighting that thing because I don't like the impredid juice. But, uh, an awful lot of the people that I don't like in sports and entertainment happen to be dark and plucked. And a lot of the people that I do like tend to be lighter, complicated. Like saying Nick and Jeff from 98 degrees, they're just the right shade as far as I'm concerned. Yeah, they're well done. But not dark. I don't say I don't like dark meat. I like to white me, not the chicken and the turkey and the chicken breast. But not the dark meat. Do you like dark meat? No, see there you go. Not into dark meat at all. But Will Smith just, uh, I, uh, all the people in the world, like I said, if I see him on his TV and he does pop up on her, how about a lot too often? Although, thank God, I think he's going to be the next Ricky Martin. He's following him right down the old, uh, we're golden, uh, yellow brick, whatever that thing is. Some guy they're, I hope we have to side road and they'll get lost on there in a cul-de-sac as in separate crap, which is what they both are. Just another fag, just another hype job. And why is it that all of these people who were like, um, uh, sitcom people? All of a sudden, they're singers any Murphy. Remember that he was a singer from our five minutes until he got caught in the car with that transvestig. But he, he was a singer. Could he sing? Oh, and the same with Will Smith from a marginal, uh, a sitcom. I want to say he's a big singer. Can he sing? No, of course not. I think her first. Will Smith was a singer first. The rapper first. Somebody on a plate of the way jazz. Somebody on a rapper around his back. Oh, yeah. Number. All that's right. The stale prince of Valer. That's how he got the sitcom job. Oh, oh, god. I'm sorry. I did because I'm the honest with it. They puffed that. He doesn't, uh, I'm his mother. In fact, even some of his videos I could handle. I could stand. I hate him. He should die as opposed to TLC. Oh, say I hate them and they should die and see their black. See, once again, the brothers and sisters in the audience, which we have 55 minutes of mouth there. Oh, my god, we're so disheartened by this. We'd be so pissed off about this. Why do, I like Marvin Gaye. I like all those motel artists who, of course, were black people who undertamed white people like me, but they were black. I love the Jefferson. They were all early black. Well, we see she was pretty black. George, he was just kind of like that. Yeah, a little fade black sheep. Yeah, he was the black sheep. And by the way, his brok, come on. Let's help out Sherman. Emily, let's take a couple of lectures. Let's have a celebrity golf tournament. Emily, Emily, oh, yeah. Maybe, oh, yeah. And maybe, roll. I got my comment as hands right now. And Sam was got a hell of a lot of tiny girl orchestrated all things. Did you say? Oh, Jane. Oh, and they can put it together at the Asteroast where I have a big photo up over there with Sam and Pedro and all of those guys and bro. And maybe, and maybe Greg can actually come out of the closet on this one and be sitting there right in the middle of a big smile on his stupid post. The same guy that said, some of it went to OJ related expenses. One of the great scandals of the century, what a great embarrassment of my life. And only that Josie Lambe, that little Yenta in the Sun Sentinel, he's the only one that even bothered writing anything about it, which maybe we got to be grateful for that. Hip hop mode will shine, puffy com. See, here we go with that hip hop crapping and why doesn't it just say wrap mode? Why do what's wrong with wrap? Hip hop's more hip. No, it is not. Hip hop song. It sounds like it makes me feel like Peter Lennon. I start wanting to like jump out of my skin like I got there Mexican jumping being. Hip hop. No, it makes me nervous. I feel like Lauren Hill. And by the way, there's another person. Oh, gag me with a prune, baby. Oh, I'd rather see a 25 hour Will Smith, Murathon, that ever see Lauren Hill again. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean, she just makes guttable sound that bitch. Oh, there must be some black artists that I like today. Can you name me one? Please fast. Hey, fast today. No, Kenta. Well, I'm working on it. Just like, as soon as you come up with some sports figures that you enjoy. Hip hop, local Sean Puffy comes whose career in lavish parties make fodder for gossip and by the way, that Denise Rodman, which I don't want to hear. And here's my new year's resolution. I will never watch anything and he's black. You see, it's just endless. Well, he's beyond black. But did you see the thing the other day of the latest new look now? He's got 443 rings in his nose, rings in his lip, rings in his rectum. Oh, Jesus, he makes Carlos down on over an reception thing with like a biker. It's kind of like how, how much more do I have to do the totally gross you out? I mean, he's gross enough without any of the body, uh, jewelry. He just totally gross. He's a disgusting looking piece of crap. I was going to say a cease for human being. Denise Rodman, there's another one. In fact, Kenneth Masimocho, Denise Rodman or Denise Popman. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. You know, something that you are the dumbest man in the face of the earth, Denise Popman. Here's the man who says the most idiotic things. Just shut up already, okay? Just like Mike Lang told Peter Tecler in any of our week ago on one of the Penguin Tellcase, remember, ought to say the same to Denise Popman. Dennis, listen for the whistle. When you hear the whistle, start talking. Anyway, Sean Puffy, I'm having a hell of a time getting in this. Sean Puffy comes his career in lavish parties, make fodder for Gossip was arrested Monday after a stolen handgun was found in his vehicle as he left him in a hat and nightclub where three people had just been shot. Calm that his girlfriend actress Jennifer Lopez, his girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez, were in a Lincoln sport utility vehicle with his driver in a bodyguard when police stopped them for speeding through 11 red lights near Club New York in Times Square. Feeding through only a count of 11 red lights in Times Square. A nine millimeter Smith and Weston was in plain sight of the front seats said police are just an end-room of kin and the forward ticket into custody. The gun was reported stolen and powder spring George the last August authority said all four denied ownership. Yeah, and it was just sitting there, you know? It would be just like if the cops walked into your house right now and found that pound of pot you got sitting in the guy at the in bedroom. I got a pound. Yeah, pound. I don't know how it's a pound. And you said a lot. I don't know anything about that. Yeah, and your wife and daughter said, we don't know nothing about that. We're like, come from, we don't know. You know, I don't know. Same thing. The nine millimeter, the Smith and Weston was sitting right there on the front seats. Oh, we don't know how it got there. Wrap her former Jamal Barrow 19. Is he related to Henry by the way? Oh, who's affiliated with Comes Bad Boy Records was arrested outside the club in charge of the attempted murder and criminal possession of a weapon police said. After nearly 12 hours of questioning, police charge Comes Lopez and the other two in the vehicle, driver wore Delfenderson and bodyguard Anthony Jones with weapons possession and possession of stolen property. Well, Peshig read a testified before a grand jury so the man hadn't district attorney's office dropped her charges. You didn't go an out Jennifer? They liked her complicit little bit better, I guess. McKinna stressed that none of the four in the Comes, authorized were suspected in the shooting. First time, Varrow who used the name shine on stage traveled with the Comes last summer. Investigators said that we're looking into witness accounts that Varrow fired because he believed that someone said something rude to Comes. Prosecutors also said that Comes do roadgun, but it's spokesman Dan Clarice Deny that he or Lopez was involved. The weekly hot chocolate party behind the tall chopper, copper doors at club New York was in full swing when Comes Lopez and their entourage arrived just after midnight. Fueled by 2,000 bottles of champagne, they were having a good time in the VIP section, near Dichjaki Goldfingers, both according to witnesses who said Comes was posting of his wealth. The shooting occurred at approximately 23 AM according to police. Police identified the victims as Natan Yurubin, 29 and Julius Jones, 27 both of Brooklyn and Robert Thompson, Dan Durik and Edkit, Rubin was shot in the face and Jones in the shoulder. Thompson refused treatment. In a statement to MTV News club owner Michael Burgo said the shooting was a first-risk no motive has been established. The navigators registered at Comes Bad Boy Productions into white planes by law any occupant of a car were still in gun is found can be charged with a cross. All right, let's hear from Big Daddy, baby. And Jennifer Lopez at pitch. 4 minutes before 12 is 5.60 WQIM. And IN-JET plus 5.24. The last 1 minute please remember me a couple years ago and I was also a journalist at YouTube. It was too dark to see. She'd be the better part of all of those things. It's not scared of these, how the hell do these people feel besides? How about one at five, 60WC, Oh my god. Thank you, over Showa, cool city of day to a clock. And five o'clock we got Hank with Kevin Donnelly. like that for more that same old stuff again. So then those are your people who feel deprived you can get your uh Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Right from the horses mouth from Kevin Dondley with Hank at five. Six o'clock we got Orlando Alzagiri is on right before the big old way to do your what we got tonight. Hang on tight George. 715 we've got the Alamo bull. How do you like that? Penn State Texas A&M. Ready for that? No. Wow. Does that mean that that puke can do seeing Joe. Oh there's a white guy at can't stand Joe for turn. Oh makes me puke. Go Texas A&M. Okay. When one for those kids is not to school where they had the kids with the bonfire that got killed and that I think that's uh yeah. Yeah. So that's all I'm all reading to root for them. To kick some Penn State ass with those ugly guy in American League in uniforms they were at state pin. Oh god they make me sick and then at 1139 after the ball game after that big bull game which ought to have a gigantic audience and everybody watching at free on TV we got who are these people? Dave Gurgy and the Pauli man. Do you have any idea who that is? Huh. Dave Gurgy, G. I. R. G. L. E. Y. and the Pauli man. Radist. Better call a puff law Danny find out who those guys are and what what the netter conscious gonna be. Yeah what are they doing at New Year's Eve by the way? Dave Gurgy and the Pauli man. Jesus God. Oh here's a long long long long long facts about the dolphins and Jimmy and oh it just goes on. Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Yeah all this stuff. See let me make you feel a lot better day okay all you dolphin fans all you self but describe whatever you are front running phony as real fans make believe in sometimes fans want to be fans let me tell you something that'll make you feel much better it doesn't mean squat. How do you like that feel better now? That was easy. It doesn't mean a god damn thing. In the course of your life it will mean nothing. I know I know that's shocking and say that that's like saying there's no god you know it happens to be true but you just can't say these things. Speaking of that by the way I want to get to Gary Bauer the anxious one. See if there's a god I will just I don't understand how these things keep happening over it over again like the shooting we had that minister in his family right here in town the other day. Three ministers in family killed in some sort of township Michigan. Oh three ministers from the same family were killed by an out of control car that plowed into their family on your gravel road. The Reverend Kenneth Page 41 his wife the Reverend Charlie in Page 43 and her mother the Reverend Ruthie Lathen 62 all in the family he'd be Reverend mother be a Reverend and wife be a Reverend Stanley business. Had just given a worship for a ride home and we're waiting to back out onto the gravel road. A car going 70 miles an hour and a 55 mile an hour zone hit a pillar and then slammed in the van Sunday afternoon state police said the car's driver Benjamin Bidwell 21 was critically injured. Oh the three ministers were from the spiritual Israel church and its army in some to well the spiritual Israel church and its army in some sort of township of about 25 miles from Detroit that sounds like one of those things to me. The list of the list of people yeah. That's what it sounds like to me. So I don't want to make some in temperant comments here and like you know be celebrating about that because of course it's a tremendous tragedy when anybody dies especially in a horrible accident but you think that if they were three legitimate ministers that the Lord will be looking after them as opposed to that statue of the baby Jesus in Texas that they did with false prophets. Huh? Maybe they were struck down. Or you mean like the prophet's station made from some hundred and ten thousand dollars worth of promos and a golf tournament. Those are false prophets. Yeah. On your kids out there that here that expression false prophets that's with an F not with a pH okay. In fact I think somebody ought to bring an pH kit here and test the saliva of what's going on in this joint false prophets. 110 thousand dollars. It's just another sham and a scam. It's another big fat freaking lie of fraud and absolute positive unmitigated fraud with a capital F. And even the you and their few, they're both capital and that word fraud. This station sells I've got a hand to them. They get more money for selling nothing. Oh, a deal. Here are twenty five thousand dollars. Would like uh here's a contract. What am I going to get for that? Well, no worry about that. You'll be on QAM. Something we're doing. You know, you'll be involved. We'll get to some traffic in here. It's just never ending. And the more here these stories from some of our sales holes like Peter ledner by the way, it comes in here and spills the beads about everything. See maybe if I keep saying that maybe we can keep his ass out here. No, you don't think that'll work? It's got to be some way. Like maybe a bolt on talking the door. That's the only way to keep that man out of here. Every morning now and see in the beginning he was somewhat amusing. In the beginning I tolerated him even after he brought the picture of his wife and starring kids in here and begged beg Donna Santinies for me to do that spot. And then he started getting a little bit on the stale side a little bit ponderous in tedious and now his act is so goddamn stale you can like smell it. Hey, Georgie. Okay, Georgie. Have a great day, Georgie. Have a wonderful show. Although I do like his Todd Dragon First Edition. I've seen it enough times already. Okay. In addition to which we had the real Todd record at this point. We didn't impersonation it all. When you can have the real thing we had the real Todd record. He's an asshole. And here this morning. Crazy about the game and about Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Madane and what's really wrong and you're out of here. It is really interesting to me because all these people included the X-Tide and over there Mr. number 80 he comes to me in a hallway. What do you think? What did you think of that last night? He comes to me for my analization because he knows that I'm a lot more objective. I don't have my head off anybody. Right. Oh, and so therefore I don't have to like you would with the tended would brown their cover glasses. No, seriously. They watched against your brown tent of glasses because they got their head up Jimmy's back. Danny's back home. Nobody else is ass. So they can't be objective about it at all. And then Joe Rose said to me this morning something that I I hate to get back to this again because it's on the verge of and Jimmy and Danny. It's on the verge of that crap again. But I told him what I thought that there were one dimensional that everything isn't marine oceans and they got I don't want to go through the whole thing again. And I said marine a lot of return. I got like a fully he's got millions and millions of dollars. He can do ads. He can make millions of recipes like this based on his name like all these other big super stars. And he says yeah, but she that's all you know because that's all he wants to do. Isn't that sad? That's all he wants to do. Maybe it maybe that's the problem with Bob Barker. Oh, I do like Bob Barker and I like that show last Tuesday when I was up for that pinnacle game we had on the year. I watched the prices right and I like this show. But every time I see him I'm waiting for him to die during a taping. Now let me ask you this. Do you think that if he died during a taping of the show they would put it on the air. Get that CBS right back up in the running again. Get him a 95 year Bob Barker crooks on the air. And he just won a free coffin to prices right. Have you seen him lately? After what? What was it that he had? Was it a stroke? It was a something. Because when he was spinning the wheel he went like grudling. Yeah. But you know it comes back to that basic question that we keep asking over and over again. How much is enough? When you have enough. And all you push lepers out there that don't have two pennies much less nickels to rub together. And you see people with these millions and millions and millions and millions and dollars. What's the point? How much more do they need? And if that if that's you're only reading for existing. If that's your concept of what lifestyle about here here's that nine millimeters Smith and a lesson that they found on a front seat. Just put yourself to sleep and make way for somebody that knows what life is all about because you sure don't. Same with volume over there. Wayne. Oh he's crying crocodile tears because he's one billion dollar plus that he used to have whatever it was like a billion and a half. Now it's only worth 700 million because there were public stockers in the toilet. We're all sitting around here thinking you know something I somehow could squeeze by. I'd wake up with a big smile on our possibility. If I had 700 million dollars in holdings and equity whatever it had I was. If my net value was seven or a million dollars I think I could squeeze by. And I wouldn't be up in a press box with some stupid guy then headset on cocky looking like a fool. Yeah he he out did John Henry. This was even worth in John Henry standing up there alone because John Henry even out of the ball park he's just like a sad sack he's a tragic looking character. But here's Wayne who always plays the role of Mr. Bigshot Mr. Hacha standing up there with his headset on like cocky looking like like an idiot like a caricature of himself. 700 million dollars needs got to be up there pulling the strings like a nagodfather. Remember the the puppets pulling the strings. Ten pass no to five 60 WQA I'm in your in the mood for a really sinful time there's only one club that can satisfy that sinful desire scored score club Madonna copy revised. Club Madonna's go over 50 new choke rolls performing live from six in the p.m. the six in the morning. If you're planning a bachelor party a celebrating being single again club Madonna offers the most outrageous time every Tuesday club Madonna come watch your everyday girl take it off on stage during club Madonna's Amateur's Duptee's competition the next sentence you notice I crossed out until I find out from Frank Wittard's read all about and from Lee Roy because that'll want to go on here. Thank you by the way Will and I hope your information was well I don't know what I hope but let's get straight up so when you're in the mood for a really sinful time court court head to mommy beaches premiere dot club Madonna and you'll find in that 15 27 Washington Avenue in South Beach are called 305 534 2000 to plan your next outrageous party at Club Madonna is 56 U.A.M. And if you look like a cloud of just a jungle and a next Londo Now I only be magic here in the next run back I am taking out a thing called blue But when you pass it inside My Eye that was key to its aerospace And it's so things that we have inside And the way you take it is all that matters. We'll depart outside while I'm showing the fence around you. Be sure to shout it. Way to live, buddy! Oh, you put up a fan of the things you love to call the people of this city. And the people of this city all the time you think they've been. It's a kind of asshole. Five, five, five, five, five. Five, five, five. Five, six, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven. And there's something we've got to be in the side. Oh, now there's a little tension. We can't lose where we're looking for the trees. You should stop seeing the time. And what we can't close to, we can't breathe. Three, two, and a long day. And we can't have a memory of our grandminton area. I know why I already have. How much is enough, baldy? How much do you need? How much power? How much control? How much cash? How many big fancy houses? How many limits in? How many people bending down? Looking at your toes? Suck in your ring and you're thinking, how much do you need? See, some people admire a folks like that. I don't. I find it going. To me, it's like the epitome of arrogance. And the ones that I really, just can't stand are the ones that make the millions. And then they lose it. Like Donald Trump, he made it. He lost it. He made it back. If you had like $50 million, you think you'd go broke? If you had any kind of brains at all? No, thanks. So I think I could squeeze by. How much is enough, baldy? And of course, if you want the answer to how much is enough, just take a look at the food prices in the macaroon and I'll start to go to an event there. Whether it's a hockey game or a fist or whatever it might be. Just take a look at the prices on that. There are people I'll tell you right now. There are people in federal prison for lesser crimes for armed robberies that are lesser than the prices that they charge for the food in that arena. Every time you go to one of the concession stands in the macaroon, you ought to put your hands up in the year when it comes time to pay the cashier. And I'm not blaming the cashiers. They're nice people in there. But somebody's fixing those goddamn prices. And additionally, which the food suck. I was dead again for the eight minute time. By the way, I was pretty disappointed in the hump for yesterday. He was right up the street here. I almost felt like going and stopping in a fast food joint and bringing him some food up there. There's nobody on this station who begs for food like we do. No way, no harm. I don't think there's anybody in the history of radio. In the history of this business, not only is there nobody who talks to himself for four hours a day without taking any phone calls and doesn't make niffin and job two by say so myself. But there's nobody who can get the food flying in like we do, which is lunch with mommy's day by the way. I want you to conjure up this image before I get to his latest facts. Which will clarify one thing. conjure up this image. I have some work people coming to the house today to a little repair job in the house. So my mother is there today, waiting for them to show up. Also my main is there today. Are you following this? My mother who's always bitching out my poor maid. Poor Jenny who's been working for me for about 100 years. Nice lady. Nice surface painting lady. I mean, oh, she does she's okay. And my mother. Yes, she can of course. My mother. She'll tell you that no matter what I do or you do, even if she doesn't know you. Whatever it is, she could do better. You know what you're doing. By the way, I tell the story about how remember was there to pick up the sake of the telephoramines wife and want to ask for a mandal bread on the way out. No. True story. That's what Jesus, course he denies it. Oh, yeah, could I have some mandal bread before we leave some of that famous mandal bread deals always talk about. And of course she didn't have any there. And the one hand she said, I felt so bad I didn't have any. But isn't that a lot of gall? Isn't that a lot of gall, him asking for mandal bread? I don't even know him. Your mom wouldn't be a liar, which is like my mom. I don't think she made this one. She might she, um, occasion. So I don't think that's one of her things. manipulating and twisting the truth. He has been not flat out ball-faced lie. See if I were a winner, even a sheep's kid like him would be probably too embarrassed to admit that he had the huts go in the gall to ask for some of her mandal bread. So anyway, she's there with my maid today together in the house. You can almost hear the fireworks that fly from here from this far away. Oh, yeah. Don't you understand how to iron a shirt collar? What's wrong with you? I don't know. He's paying you. God damn it. Anyway, here's the fact that a little informative information. You're laughing. I'm telling you. I'm a genius who looks just like Esther Roll on a good day. Big heavy set. Very nice lady. Big lady. She could not find my mother down with one finger, but terrified. Scared to death of her. Dave and Paulie Man it says our regulators on depot Saturday morning program. Oh, there's so many sports showed on that trade-out fest that depot's got, which means he works six days a week here. They've also filled in once a twice a night. P.S. I listen to your show to hear you. What is after all of the new Roger show? It's been great since you stopped taking calls happy new year. One nice fact, so some information. A little such job there. Thank you so much. God bless you and happy new year. It's at it all. And remember back in those days, months ago when everybody was peeing in their pants at all. My god, this stock market was going to take this big dive. And all these horrible things were going to happen. And people were going to be rushing to the ATM. It was going to be like their hurricane scene. We have done it. They're all going to be running the stores. You get to bottle water and the batteries and the supplies. Any of that going on that you see? Oh, no. Maybe a few idiots out there like, you know, going nuts. Speaking of the market, by the way, let's take a look. Because the market has been going through the roof. Breaking and look at that. Look at that. Just as I said, that the Dow was a baby plow. The Nasdaq is up 29. New records again. And the standard in poor, which you're a chimilar to the last part. That's probably that's got to be in the record too. 4,000 and 4. The Nasdaq has gone over 4,000. So if you had stuff, we had stocks in AOL and America and Amazon dot com and Yahoo. Yahoo yesterday, I think it was was 451 bucks a share. Now what kind do we get a chance to get on the ground floor of a stock like that? Oh, you know the kind of stock that we're going to get on the ground floor, which I can't say because it's the quiet period. You know what I'm talking about? I'll pass L Paso as they say in Texas L Paso. Oh, no chance. Oh, yeah. And of course, you're, what do they call it? The retirement thing? The 401k. The 401k. That's probably going to be in stock now. Well, it's nothing. Now what do you mean by that? They don't, we'll get matching funds in this company like we used to at Cox. Do you don't get matching funds from the, you want to be, please? We don't get anything. You don't get squat. You don't get the honor of having a 401k that we can defer our income into. So what do you need them for it? You don't need them? You don't need them? You can have your own. You're getting way, uh, having it sucked out of your paycheck. Oh, my God. You know something, I really wish anything bad to happen to people. Right, oh, yeah. I hope that they all, all the bees leaves pop a big bleeding hemorrhage over this next weekend. Right over the next week. We'll get matching funds in tax and stock, but at least that we're done with the business. Like, green, not worth all of a lot. 11 bucks a share last time. I checked the lease with something. I suppose to, right, oh, nothing. I asked that and got a lot of last one. I first came over here to, so, uh, how much is the matching and the contribution? Oh, you know, I hate to say this because I want to be upbeat. I'm a really great move. And I feel great these last three weeks that I'm doing this with no calls. I feel like I've had it 50 years to my life. Even with this systemic floor, whatever I've had. But I will say this. I was thinking this drive into work this morning about that first time that normal can't brought me into this building after I'd unfortunately already signed a deal. And, and to give me the tour now, I had already seen that toilet over there on Sheridan Street. I came to pick you up at the time to go to Kendall Toyota. And I was in there for about 30 seconds and I said, oh, that's enough that they'd tough gave me the guy to tour us. Okay, I take, let me go out and breathe some fresh air. Please let me out here. But then he brought me into this building. This is back in the days when everybody was up here on this floor before this construction was really getting underway. And I looked at the schmutz on the floors and the walls. I looked at all the soil carpeting with the mildew stains and all that. And I thought to myself, what kind of a bunch of slabs run this place? Yeah, that was exactly what went through my mind. What kind of a bunch of slabs call this a workplace? And I came up the elevator this morning as I do every morning. And I got off here on the turd floor. And I walked in and I looked around and there's that shell of a make believe receptionist desk out there that says, don't breathe on it because this will fall apart. It's particle board like everything else we got. And there's like some base board with all the schmutz on the walls untainted and the stuff is still hanging down from the ceiling. And I walked around that corner there to come to the first door and I thought to myself, what kind of slabs am I working for exactly the same thing? What kind of absolute pigs? And there's only one room in this radio station. That's polacial. And that's right down the hall to my left. Greg reads big tribute, big monument to stupidity, his big office. He's got a big, awesome office at two with plus furniture in there and with a real nice expensive real desk probably Mahagini and like, you know, all kinds of stuff. Potted plants, potted DJs from power 96. I don't want to mention no names. Yeah. He's got the big office. But you know, that's okay. The general manager, the boss, the head cheese, where every work is generally got the nice office. That's okay. But not when everybody else is living in a goddamn slum. When a place is a they festering toilet is sore. Not by the way that they're unique in that because we have pictures. What was the guy named Barry, Barry Cohen? What a memory I got, huh? Barry Cohen from the air conditioning joint implantation. When I was threatening to have, we were having the people call OSHA and Bob Green said, well, it's not financially expedient now. And you shouldn't talk about this on here because it puts us at risk. Yeah, it exposes them to risk because the fact that we were all having like legionnaires this evening over there at the old, I would be building on Sunday on street, cons way. What they ordered was that is like in a neutron bomb. Because the passion people bought that building with the, uh, went along with the deal and they really had no use for it. Speaking of idol virtue, I have no idea what to do with their money. I think a neutron bomb would do good for that building. Thank you. They took so much smith, uh, schmoth on the air conditioning. Hey, that's a great word. Schmet. That's a combination of schmoth and yeah, something that rhymes with schmet. I love Neo Rogers and vets in New Orleans in general now. We've heard people name schmet, but this is a new word. They took thousands of pounds of schmet out of that building. Schmoth said, yeah, you got it. Oh, yeah. You're a foolish man. That's going to be my new one. I'm going to use that from now on. You're a foolish man. You have never seen such a girl. So many people getting so sick day after day. You couldn't breathe in that building. You could feel actually when you open your mouth, which of course when you're talking for, I was that you have to do everything. You could feel the particles of crap of Schmoth going down your throat. You can actually feel it. 26 pass known in 560 WQM or I. This is Jim. Love your show, Neil. Love you. You're a foolish man. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can actually feel it. You can Julie let you off. Think of things with you. Imagine if you can actually hear more property about your life? If you can do比 vide distributes your life, or else you would definitely have just some force you can carry on. Despite your personality like you are performing... Oh, you're a bit stringy. I know you're running, but you've never seen it. Have just stayed up to take your life and since you ran naked like me. You're abacks and a new hu'll at times you're working. Well, it did come to life a long time ago. So I wanted to say Bad.. I'm gonna start a big billboard campaign, no more Bush in 2000, I'm telling you that right now, boys and girls, no more Bush. Oh, you a lot of bad things from that stuff. 12 30 at 5.60 WCWM, two great letters to the editor in the paper today. This is in the, uh, Harold, I guess. What's best says Leah Heim in Miami, H-I-N. Sooner will not matter where or by whom Alien Gonzalez is raised. They only hope that quality psychotherapy will be available to them after all this, they'll surely need it. Nice go and Leah, very perceptive on your part and I can cure. Absolutely correct, man. Here's this poor little six-year-old kid that everybody is allegedly so concerned about are they concerned about him? No, they couldn't give a crap less about him. He's a human wishbone being yanked on one side and yanked on the other side. There's nothing wrong with being yanked but it's supposed to feel good. Harry Gordon and sunrise says, for those of us concerned about what's best for Alien Gonzalez, not what's standing the legal and moral right to the child of the reunion with his father and grandparents, just look at, uh, a day's newspaper and notice the murders and robberies. You'll conclude that life would be much safer for her and him in Cuba. How do you like that? Which George don't like that too much but nevertheless? Well, he's got a point. I would say that the odd, and especially now since he's achieved hero status there, there are too many other six-year-old kids or anybody else for that matter on a face of the year that that you've got thousands and thousands and thousands of Cuban people in Cuba walking around with their posts on t-shirts. He's already a sl... He's already bigger than Desi R. Nes over there. Yeah, but they didn't explain that those people didn't have any shirts at all and those are free t-shirts. Yeah, well, they said they're giving the shirt off their back. That's what they said. He's bigger than, let me say it again, Desi R. Nes and poopy couple over there already. How do you like them, Apple, so? And the bits were the if... but end is on her head. Carmen Miranda. Thank you. So, two good letters the other in the paper. There are some people like sense. That's why it's good. Get the good stuff and the newspapers get these good facts. And by the way, we also have some chronic facts, which you're not hearing. And I'm not wasting my time with. It's a waste of time. See, the assholes out there. This is more proof positive that stopping a phone calls was a spectacular move on my part. Because now, they're really frustrated. They want to be chronic callers who want to use these shows as their own personal play toy. And it can't get you on a phone because we're not taking any guide then calls are we? Oh, we're not. So now they have to resort, it's to the facts machine. And bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop beep beep. And guess what, Maya waspaz go over here. There's got a lot of crap, and I'll tell you that. It is loaded loaded with pure on adulterated like I said get to it. Yeah. There you go, it was worth waiting. It's really repeating the same handwriting, the same handful of missfit, the same idiots. All the way notices time wears on. Maybe this is maybe they just taken over rest, maybe it's the holidays. Maybe they kind of put them away in mothballs for a while for a few weeks to let them air out until after the new year. But I noticed it's some of them advantage. I don't want to mention a name because I don't want to offer up any encouragement to some assholes. Well, I'm sure I still out there, but nevertheless. See, the whole concept, all these years when I look back. It brings me so much pain in this comfort. Where's that my stomach thing? Or to think of all the great shows that I could ahead. And instead, all the best, I'm thinking back to different periods of time. And I went through a hell hell on the year. Long before even your days, I mean there were days in IOD. I think it was shortly after my stroke. Of course, stand major fill in for two weeks. You want to follow two weeks of stand major being on the year. There, if the whole station would have been off the year for two weeks, I'd have had a better chance of having an audience there when I came back. You know, you're not your duffin call. Anybody by a good watch milky way dark. Stand major, right away, how's that $80 million you owe me now? Stand at $2,000 is really appreciated greatly. And I'd appreciate it and see some of the, no, I'd appreciate it if you just stand out of way. Stand, I know you're listening right now. I wish you nothing but the best or, you know, in between real good and the bed. Like mediocre would be good enough for you. But just to stay away. I remember the last time he called his show and you put stand major on there on the screen. It was on another one of those days when I was begging and pleading and squeezing for calls. See, not having to do that. How many times have I said that there are a whole group of people out there who think that the purpose of this show is to hear a meal in agony sitting here begging and squeezing for phone calls. And as if I enjoyed that if it was like some kind of a game that I enjoyed it was a good radio. It was, it was Schmidt. That's right. It was pure on another way to Schmidt. Oh, I feel so much better than I can say that now. God, leave it to me. It outfocks the word police. Okay, you asshole. You crazy bastard. You're a full of Schmidt, Alia. Of course, the only problem with that is once you start saying that word, you'll notice it's a little bit of you have to make sure you get that M in there. Yeah, that's right. Because even the other word with even with a DT on the end, I think you get the DT to be said too much. Schmidt. And of course, there are going to be people out there who's name is Schmidt. I feel bad about that. We're going to say, oh my God, you know, it's like names for your penis. Like, you know, your Johnson and all those things. There are a lot of people named Dick. A lot of Coonsons out there. And a few Coons. Yeah. And Bob Coons. He's got a face like a true. But then anyway, and he's foolish, met two by the way. So we got a new word for you today, boys and girls. The good news is that Kenny Kelly, whatever his name is, is that his name? Is good. I want to make sure I get that under 20 or 30 times so the sports. They don't get all upset here. Oh, yeah, there's Jason. He's pumping his arm up in there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We got some sports crap on Neil's shelf. You know, something you better watch. You're going to become another very jackass. You know, that's a real shot too. But I'm telling you, you're a good guy, Jason. But you're on your way. If you don't watch yourself very carefully. One of these days, you're going to wake up and look just like very jackass. It says he works in clothes. Yeah. What does that mean? What does that mean? Up. So we haven't seen Barry Dress. Have we? I saw him at the airport that time. Well, he doesn't dress. Mommy dresses him. Don't you understand that? Mommy dresses him every morning, right in early, packs him a little brown bag, a little brown sack. That's Barry. And then like I said, Hank better watch it because one day, Mom will pull up in the parking lot down there. It'll be the first drive by shooting in history in the human race where Mommy had to drive the shooter. Because Barry doesn't, Barry doesn't drive. Don't you understand that Barry doesn't drive? That's not true. You make it. It is true. That's what I'm told by people who claimed it. Oh. But I better talk about it too much because then he prints some funny stories about Hank and some a stripper in there. We'll kind of retard, can't drive a car. And by the way, is that like shocking news about Hank and strippers? Is that anything shocking about that? Oh, I say more power to him. What's wrong with that? Hank is bisexual when he wants it. He abies it. I don't see anything wrong with that. Has good taste of what I've seen. 22 before one at five, 60 WQA. Somebody QA in some respect. Jew. We always get together to get you. Have our children badly die. But you have to get him to come on Monday, guys. So we can look at that guy. We'll have more time. What do you think about Hank and I Jack? We'll start with a gay world. You don't know who you want him to come. We'll start with a gay world. And back to life, a real sportsman. We'll start our relationship. Our favorite music. We'll start our relationship. Our favorite music. But then we'll get some lubrications. Get me some of the old food. Welcome. We'll get a russian business of this. My joke is the only kiss I will start gay world. And then we'll say a little bit of that. We'll start with a gay world. And back to the old circle of cottage. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. Oh. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. We'll start with a gay world. The religious act of his studies strongly disagreed with the December 20th It piqued rule and that the state must grant the same protection to," GEek Couples." As it does to marry couples." Pawler called that decision another example of a judicial decision that attacks America's deeply held values. Maybe he met America's deeply held prejudices. Does that? Oh, he may have missed for him. And he said he was disappointed that his Republican rivals have not spoken up. Selecting the other Republican and then is for the nomination of surrendering their party's conservative agenda. He urged Texas Governor George W. Bush and published his deep forms to find their voices on these issues and started attacking those goddamn faggot. Forbes, however, has spoken out. It was a flagrant example of judicial activism. He said, I believe in traditional marriage. The court overstepped its bounds. This if anything is a matter for the people of the side, not judges for the side that they have the decision. For the people of the side. So in other words, when we had the civil rights act of 19s, the four paths, that's you're number decided by the Congress or by the courts. That's you need to decide that the people vote on it. So let's have all the minorities have their rights voted on by the majority. Is that make any sense to you? No. No. Of course not. But then against the Forbes of that, we ain't high-pinger complexion. Is he got an eight chance? No. He's a real exciting guy as an eight. No. God. If ever there were a pair of walking turds, Steve Forbes and Gary Bauer. If he had palsy, Steve Forbes, hopefully. Soon. During a campaign trip to Vermont and October, both said he opposed legalizing gay marriage no matter what the court ruled. My opinion is we should not have same gender marriage. He said, I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. Ever seen his mother? That's a woman. Sposinant for senators John McCain Republican and Arizona and Orange Snacks, Republican and Utah, said their candidates objected to the Vermont High Court ruling. They're good Republicans and we can't close the up to those targets too much. I'm not just in a long cabin. Then it's OK. Now, see you facts out there who are Republican. It's OK to do it as long as it's in. Right. Yeah. A long cabin. So watch out where you stick your log. That's my advice, dear. Especially if some of these fascists get in there. I don't want to be picking again on some of these dark folks, but it just seems to be a spate of these crimes going on. Shooting spree leaves two that change. I talked about this yesterday briefly. But this whole thing, very, very disturbing with a loaded gun, a handful of bullets and a pipe bomb, Jonathan Eric Carter, 90. And I know right away they would say, well, you know, those kids out of column by and they were writing that kid out there in all these other ones in the schools. They were all white. Thank God for that. I mean, it's horrendous. We had the crimes. I'm not saying that. God for that. At least it let's spread it around a little bit. If we have to have some crazy people committing violent crimes and like all the mass murders, we have to keep hearing about that all the time. But it just seems to me that in the, oh, do I dare say this, black culture in America. I realize that's a very loose term and very generalized, but he's lacking in some elements. Is that a very delicate way of putting it on? I'm really a be meaning. Yeah. The fabric, the fiber of black culture in America is lacking in many ingredients. And I'm not talking about colored greens either. With a loaded gun, a handful of bullets in a pipe bomb, Jonathan Eric Carter 19, chose the day after Christmas to settle a screw with those he felt had wronged the police say. When he finished at 11 hour rampaged to begin on Sunday, police say Carter had hunted down five people, killing two and wounding three among them a former body who fingered him to police. He fingered him. The family of an ex-girlfriend and correction law of his roommate process during a previous arrest. His bloody work done, Carter and unemployed laborer laid down in the bathtub of a home under construction near his house in South West Miami, did. And shot himself in the hate with the same 22 caliber gun, he used that as victims police say. He left no suicide note. In his car they say he left behind a live pipe bomb, police evacuated in a apartment complex and then disarmed the advice about incident. We have no clue what sparked all this, but we're slowly helping to try to piece it together, said mining police sergeant Eunice Cooper, who the problem is working with the police on three different, on the three different shootings. This Carter seeking revenge against those who had wronged him. I'm sure in his mind that's what they thought he was doing, said mining police to spokesman Juan Del Castillo. As detectives from the two departments went from seeing the scene on Sunday they said they began to realize the shooter and all fit the same description. A young man in a red car firing a 22 caliber thief. And it's very, very disturbing when you read this. In fact, there's a big piece. This is from a son sental article, a hero article has got a big whole thing about all the problems he had with the law. But just this one paragraph, earlier this month, Duncan was convicted of aggravated assault after threatening hints, which one is hints with the pants? Is girlfriend, I guess. Yeah, full of hints. After threatening his girlfriend with a baseball bat, he was sentenced to, and I like to hear this, he threatened with a baseball bat, he was sentenced to complete anger management counseling. And now all these people are dead and him too. Anger management counseling. Just like when all these barbaric, rotesque athletes do all of these things. And I hear people on the station say, and it always goes, you always frost my ass when I hear it. I'm in amazement when I hear them say, oh, maybe they need some anger management counseling. Isn't that something new? Did we ever hear that before? How many years ago did that start that crap? Five, maybe. Five years. Ten years ago was there such a thing as anger management counseling? No. See, my idea. I know this is very revolutionary, very radical. The idea is when somebody is dangerous and does very violent, horrendous anti-social things and breaks laws, put them in jail. That's a real good idea. Yeah, for a long time. Or put them in some kind of a, if it really is a psychiatric problem, put them in some kind of a mental facility, but not one thing just walking and walk out, like to meet your center of it. What a joke, Dennis. We just kind of walked, he checked himself in and then he would check himself out. I like to watch more tell where they check in, but they never check out. With the meat Tracy, we're always keep checking out on an ounce like to the window. Amazing how many of these former dolphins, or sometimes suspended often, how many of them keep going through the window? That's a very amazing time. Just food for thought. I mean, far beyond for me to make any commentary on anybody in the way they live, you know? Far beyond for me. Here are some good news. Okay, stopping, so a negative to rate, come up with some good news for once. Please. Those of you who live and drive in Broward County, you got to understand, we're a little bit slow. We're just a little bit slow down here. Some other cities like real cities and real states and real places, we're living and breathing people with real technology, with real politicians and real DOT type people and how to get things done. They build a whole new espresso in here in a half. But I think that the same people are working on our construction project and I don't mean the workmen. Okay, because they get upset. The Scotty Mac people. I'm talking about the people paying for it. They're also responsible for that great, great construction project on sunrise Boulevard at 441. Right there by Roy Joins, the 441 on the turnpike. Oh my God. Yeah. Here's the good news that the laser near an end. It's been a long time coming. It says. Are you in a half? But traffic on sunrise Boulevard in the 441 should return to normal soon. Thank God. After the first week of January, commuter should be able to travel in both directions on the sunrise Boulevard Bridge over 441 according to the Florida DOT. The Florida construction started drivers on sunrise would just take the bridge over 441. If they wanted exit on the 441, they would use a ramp. But since workers started the overhaul getting around that area has been pretty tricky. It says, oh Hannah Sanson writes this in a era. What a sense of humor you got, Hannah. It's been pretty tricky. It's been a bitch. It's been a polish. Schmidt is what it's been. It's been a tremendous problem said Otis Anderson, the list of the intersection posted at the Broward Boulevard. He said it was ready to pick another route to avoid the intersection. It's just miserable. It's so backed up at everything in the street too. There are still three months of construction left at Barbara Keller, her and FDOT's postman. But that portion of the traffic are caused lanes to be closed. The 11.8 million dollar project would start in June of 1998. It's intended to allow the road to accommodate more traffic. These are some of the improvements. There's an extra turn line in each direction. The entire intersection in overpassion has been widened. And that's it. These are some of them looking on the rest of the stuff. That's it. These are some of the improvements to be continued. No, that's it. A year and a half. I mean, really, did they really need to do that? No, but they liked it. It disrupts your lives down. That's what they liked the best. Disrupt your bad damn life. Absolutely positively. The way that that project was handled unacceptable. And I give them credit when credit is due. But they did a good job of widening some of our Boulevard out by me. I'm the first one. I came on here. It said great job. We need to stop light at 118th and sunrise within a couple of weeks. There was a stop light. How do you like that? And when I came on here and said, when you guys are going to get that working, the next day it was working. How do you like that? All I can say is thank you. Oh, God. You're welcome. God, dammit. So when you do a good job, I'll be the first one to say, taste the loot. I salute you, uh, drop the ring to that. Nice going. But when you do a horse craft job, a horse mid job, then I'm going to be really pissed off about it and fired up and say, what they'll be wrong with you. Are you a bunch of stupid barbarians that it takes you a year and a half to do about a three month or more job? And how many times do I have you driven by a lot of these construction sites? And they got all the traffic goes through it up and there's nobody working there. All the time, all the F in time. So like I said, there's something real exciting. Something to be really enthused about for the new year. I'm going to a pan and the ass on sunrise at 4401 out of 9. Look at the woods. Prop 56 and 560 WQM if you're bored. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour. Uh, Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Jimmy, Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny is in Danny after this word from Valley Alombo, the potions, wherever you're thought and comes with its own frigid air. Okay, it's a minute after one and five, six to WCM. That's number one with 16 bullets by the way. We got a shot. So after last night, did they think they still got a shot? No. Here's the facts from Dene in New Hampshire, by the way, which I'm a little perplexed by his facts. It says I've missed a few weeks of the show. Can I no longer listen to the show over the internet here in New Hampshire? Please scribble me a quick response. I'm severely bummed as in a huge fan. Thanks George. And you've got a facts number. Well, what am I supposed to say? We're still on the internet, right? Yes, or is that no? What is it? What does that mean as far as you know? It's a broadcast.com thing, you know, where either on or we're not. We have nothing to do with it. It's the station and these people and it has nothing to do with the website because we have a link to the people that put us on the internet. So assuming everybody's doing what they're supposed to be doing, we're on there. Everybody says that we're on well, then we're on. But I'm maybe what he's talking about is the archives, which after December 7th, the day that we're living in for me, right? The archives are out of commission. And we don't know why. Oh, we don't know why? We assume it's temporary. But that again, it's another broadcast.com thing. That's why Eric called yesterday and had that other idea. I'll just look at this right now. It'll can't be. I appreciate that. And maybe you can, in fact, this guy, or not, is the case, maybe depending on how much you board down time you got. But there you go. Or not. Well, I know he's a big fan. He's a big fan. I don't think he's here to guide them. He's a big fan. He's a big fan. I don't know. I don't do email. I saw like those assholes from Paxon again. Why could email a Twitter? I can't stand people who live in the world of email. Any more that can stand computer nerds. He's even using that text. Cool. I'll sit there with those stupid goddamn, uh, oh, what was the chat room? You know, the one doesn't work on that text machine. And what happened with our Atlanta Braves guy there that came in with what was the, what was the pork right? I'm going to show you around there. What does that mean? He's a pain in the ass. That was your trying to say. Nope. You're trying to say he's a pain in the ass, but you want me to say it. Because you want me to come off his to have me. No, I just want to sit over the edge of your door. You're got five. That's why all the people come into George. Hey, you're a nice suck up and anybody up the George. He's a good guy. They won't even look at here. They're terrified of me. See, I'm the bad guy. The old man, the evil old man. But George, you're because you're talking behind their back. But you won't sit out in the open like I do because you're not as honest as I am. God damn it. He's a great guy. But the fact that she was just going to be a loner. Then a piece of great guy. But he gave me all those looks for what I even mentioned. I need to know what the fact is. Because if that comes in here temporarily, that'll lead permanently. And then when that one leaves, the temporary one leaves and we won't have a fact. What do you mean that one to leave permanently? Oh, you think there's a lot of it up somewhere. Oh, okay. We'll take it. Take it home. I don't want it. It's a piece of crash. It is. So everything else we got in here. A piece of crap. Just like Kathy Lee would say it's a piece of shmit. What we do need is just to printer and that way we get the facts into the computer and then print them up. Yeah. Well, how about how we? I'm sure we can swing this. Listen, if we're going to wait, see you haven't learned two years later and you just have learned your lesson. If we're going to wait for this cheap ass guy damn outfit to get us the stuff we need to do a radio show, you'll wait until hell freezes over. You wait till that construction project gets done in the year 2525. I say we're going to hold this somebody. I don't know. I'm looking at the Roth office. I'm like catalog right now. Maybe maybe Joe Resolves got some stuff that we can use. Because if it weren't for the TV, we're going to TV set. I got them satellite. Oh, anything. Nothing. Because these cheap asss, they lia lot. Oh, we're going to give you this. We're going to do that. And they give you crap. They give you squat. And then we're a great read runs around. Pat themself on the back. This man must be delusionary. He must be like beef. He must live in a delusionary world. You're taking really beliefs is on bullshmets. Or you really got to be careful. I'm going to go home and practice. No, seriously. Because there are different words you're going to have it as a Sanom real fast. And you got to stick the Ammoner baby. Practice your smith. Practice your practice doing your good shmed kids. That's right. Be sure, in fact, how about a little Eminem sounds good. They melt in your mouth. That's what they say about Eminem. He melts in your mouth. It never lifts. So we'll get that all straight. Now we'll get it. We'll get it that down to a science. And then once we get the email thing in there, we won't get as many of these assofacts as from Chris Cross or whatever. Hell it is. I'm even what that is. Cuban airline rated unsafe. Oh, see, first he starts picking up his horses again and saying that there's something wrong with black culture in America. And there really is. You know, the day I talked about the attitude of black people toward women. And I had always called listen, that's another reason I'm glad I don't take calls. I'm not saying that my opinion is you only want to count. But I'm not sure it's the one that's important. And I stand by exactly what I said. There's a real serious problem. In fact, all over the world, there is still a very serious problem with men's attitude toward women. It's unacceptable. But in this country, which happens to be where we live, the attitude of like, jocks toward women is unacceptable. And especially the attitude of black athletes and other black people like the rap crowd toward women is unacceptable. You know what I mean? Bitch, there you go. Or let's elaborate. That's fucking bitch. Yeah, that's even better, okay? Cuban airline rate it unsafe. Honey like that. See this it makes him of our hysterical, Cubano's a little happy. It continuously updated statistical study shows that Cuba's government-owned airline is the piece of Schmidt. Is the only one in the world that's suffered more than one disaster this year? Uh, the only government-owned airline. Even before two crashes in less than a week, killed 47 people, statistics show that Coupania, Cubano, they have, obviously on. Is that correct? Yes, obviously on. See, I have no problem reading my explanation, but when I try to do too fast, I stumble and bubble like a jerk. I know. Is one of the most unsafe airlines in the world. It continuously updated statistical study. See, we need Francisco Arruca on this show. He could read it, it could roll off his tongue and the words too. Roll this off your tongue, please. Yes. It continuously updated statistical study shows that Cuba's government-owned airline is the only one in the world that's suffered more than one disaster this year. At December 21, the runway crash of a Cubano released DC-10 in Guadamala City, killed 25 people, and Saturday's crash of a Russian-built Yak-42 near Valencia, Venezuela, killed 22. A Yak-42. Well, that's what it's called, okay? A Yak-42. Don't give me an ocean-mit about it. These crashes brought the number of Cubano disasters in 1972. In 1972, 8 Ocho, one of them was the result of sabotage. sabotage. The studies compiled by Todd Curtis, a safety engineer for Bowling Company, who runs a private website, airsafe.com. Bowling is about no connection with the site. Curtis rates airlines in the number of fatal events per number of flights, by that standard, Cubano has got a fatal event rate of 24. It is followed by Aero Peru with the rate of 16.7. Airs in Bobway, 12.5, China Airlines of Taiwan 10, world-geordinular Airlines 8.82, transport-based aerosol, and I, right, right, whatever that is, of Brazil. Well, they don't speak Spanish, they speak Portuguese. So, it's some other bizarre 8.33, and Egypt there, 8. Now, what if that was before raptor Ramadon? The employees of Cubano and of Cuba Civil Aviation Agency refered questions about the company safety record of the Kerryus vice president Hubertoprieto Musa. When the first contacted Monday, his assistant city was in a meeting, later his office phone rang unanswered. I can't imagine why just like those assholes in American Airlines, they were answering the phone? Oh, not lately. There was a, putting those hand grenades back together again. Cubano would not lead, now see, this is an interesting thing. On you, godless, commoners, not there. Cubano would not lead the unsafe list. If former Soviet republics in China provided data on the number of flights, they were airlines operate. These airlines far exceeded Cubano and every other airline in the number of fatal accidents. So, we didn't post Soviet Airlines head 17. Chinese companies had 14 since 1970. In other words, they lie a lot. But if they gave accurate numbers, you'd find that they're following out of the sky like flies. That's their motto. You ain't got a Schmidt of a chance of landing when you fly a airline. In fact, we ought to settle our notion of airlines. Kind of like a follow-up to a value jet. How they do them by the way, value jet? Like I told you before, not a good idea to fly a plane with a laughing clown on the side of the plane. Not a really good idea. What do you think worse is to do all what is going on across the other side? I think that's Northwest. I'm sorry. I want to get a great story about Northwest. Did you ever flow Northwest? I have never flown Northwest Airlines. That's what I could take up. And after reading the story, which I sure is, I hope I didn't throw out. Oh, Jesus, I better. I'm going to have to scare it is. The rumor has it that they suck. Northwest Airlines. That's the popular rumor. I'm at a sector one at five, sixty WQA, and I'm like a real Rogers is my lover. Hello, I'm Chuck Heston. During this holiday season, I always plan on a holiday visit with friends and families. And I always be determined with an offering that's kindness in the form of a small guest. And always assume it's never empty. I'll have to pass it off. I'm not going to pass you. Or not. Please, go ahead, and welcome 의� for all those hippo guys to I know you won't understand what it means to me, because your friend and Grandpa are only friends. Right now we are, so we can party my fabulous friends, who can cheer up our mothers and say bye-byeblinds! Hi, everyone. Let's go towyfrify prophecy. Let's grab a short request and chat a little. Go to details, see you, behavioral events bluish volleyball. You're finally in my long journey But night I miss you in Christmas tree I couldn't have for more than half a million years You're finally in my long journey Oh, Jesus, and now I'm not the moment in the light The moment is the light The day is the day I'm there on my knees There's no day that time is I'm taking a night for a moment to leave you Tonight I'm going to kill you I'm not alive in the end I thought I'd give you something shiny in the room I tried to find something worthy of you But I realized when I looked inside There's something that money to buy For no, I feel a message you will never yield I feel it even for this moment, but you Because I love you, dear You can find a way to deal And now I'm alone in the world For more than half a million years You're finally in my long journey There's no day that time is the light I'm taking a night for a moment to leave you Tonight I'm going to kill you I'm not alive in the end You're always treated in the room And you know I'm the moment you can't see Oh, yeah, in the past, in the place Or don't beware, you know that I'm home Where'd we be here? Open the tunnel waiting to give Just get to life I'm telling all my needs There's no better time Yeah, something to let For more than half a million years You're finally in my long journey I'm not alive in the end You're always treated in the room I'm telling all my needs There's no better time It's something to let For more than half a million years Oh, back! There's... I'm here to need the catholic I don't know what I'd ever be For any one, I have run deep Holy, they're life in the city I will travel across the world I think I could get you thought should I do it That's gonna cheat you You'd dress like a girl I'm sure they learned to see You're... We get really just like We... And throw you the archchias See, age Castle they grew in those stage Is what what you must be proud Yes, I am proud We need what I say to you That's my very standard I draw or I'll live my dress And shake these cupboards Oh, oh, dear He's on the show, he's in the fog Because they're really my home Oh, he's on the show Yeah, no swallow that poppin' in here By the way, are your kids out there Got no tell what's up I hear he's full of smith Anyway, it's a 1-18 at 5-60 WCM It's obviously focused on Bryan and still on the same Good crap that he was on last week That's good You know, talk about chronic factors Ron and Northern Michigan, are even referring to Ron You're getting real chronic sweetheart He says the internet broadcast is just fine That's all I wanted to know We hear your loud and queer hear a mixture And I just go and they're Ron Oh, the show And then at the bottom in parentheses He says, take some calls No, no No, no Every faction this guy Take some calls Are we taking any calls? No, no, do we miss the call? No, no It's already almost 120 I feel like I sat down about maybe 45 minutes ago How many days during the days of the phone calls Of that anxious swirl that crap on a show? How many days would I sit here and say She seems like we only sat down about 25 hours ago And I wouldn't be joking either Because it seemed like it An exhaustive process Just going scouring through Zillions of phone calls First begging for them Began for response And then having to dig through them Dig into a huge pile of schmet To try to find a little piece of gold somewhere in the middle of it Not worth it, baby Not worth it So I have a great day Ron But the answer is still a loud resounding No, although we will go through the motions of taking I mean, we will take a very important scientific pull Tomorrow Kill some good time Off the year of course Give you a sum to do Besides sit there playing with his new edcel This local Brian I tell you he gives Gifts almost as good as George But I tell you one thing I mean what can you do? It's nice little old edcel model in a box That's nice colors Nice colors red and white Very attractive Because we are dealing with no other toys in a box But nobody gives like George with that lean mean fat grill and machine I'm telling you I'm impressed You know me, I don't exaggerate Oh, I've put it at 15 million times I don't exaggerate but God damn it that's a good thing Great gift idea This make a resolution for the new year First find out if somebody is going to have one already They can always use more than one Get them the big one Get them the big one And the grill and machine too I would like to have the big one for the new year By the way, don't forget Tom Brady is here in town I guess they are here already Are they Michigan? They are here What does he bumble on around in there? I have no idea Oh, didn't know they are here Michigan is already here in BAMO course Is here all those red and eggs from Alabama Well, Michigan is going to kick their ass Let's go, Tommy I can't, oh that's BAMO I just want to take that back Don't I want to take that back? Oh, okay I feel uncleaned saying that But nevertheless So speaking of Northwest Airlines Which I am pretty sure I've never flown before In my life and after reading this I think maybe a good idea Good choice Jet passengers stranded for hours My mind is this buried way to help back there Somewhere that most people won't see But thanks to me Are you getting the morning here? Airline Blames nasty weather They seem to be having a spade A spade of these things happening St. Paul Minnesota passed years on a Northwest Airlines flight Said that we are stuck on a plane at the airport For about four hours before the flight was cancelled And they were told they couldn't retrieve their luggage How do you like that? All right By the way, where is this? One moment please You're stuck You're stuck You're stuck There you go That's managed to the pinning of them The complaints about Sunday Incident are familiar for Northwest Which was soon after several thousand passengers We're stranded on planes in Detroit during a January snowstorm Because no terminal gates were available last year Remember that? They set out there for ever and ever And ever and ever Freezing and starving and squeezing Hold it in Some passengers set for eight hours with no food No water and oh geez Overflowing toilets Nice huh? Overflowing Just the image of that Makes me wonder if this airline foolishment Northwest based in Egan Minnesota said The lay of Sunday's flight 1020 was caused by snow And freezing rain and Minneapolis Saint Paul The flight was scheduled to leave at 640 pm And arrive at Washington, Dallas at Under National Airport And we'll have to attend pm Passengers boarded the flight about 730 pm And it didn't push away from the gate until about 8 pm The plane was taken to a side away from the terminal For the icing it sat there And later on a runaway for about three hours Before crew members told passengers at about 11.50 Keep in mind this flight was scheduled to leave at 640 They told passengers at about 11.50 pm That the flight was cancelled Because of four weather said passenger amber hept Rhymes would slip As we were sitting there There were tons of other planes taking off So it really was suspicious that it was weather Weatherly said another passenger Washington attorney Matthew Stennis Oh there's a good attorney was on a fly So there was baby Passengers finally got off the plane about 11.45 pm They boarded the plane at 730 pm Four hours in a quarter later they finally got them off the plane Four and a quarter hours later in a snowstorm Sitting out there on the runway They said people hoping to retrieve luggage were told There was no one available to unload it How do you like that? And of course when they were trying to unload on the plane They was already overflowing there was no place to unload that either Hep and Stennis were still waiting for their luggage on Monday afternoon Under your like damn apples huh? It's memorable in a sense that it's ridiculous That everything I could have gone wrong did go wrong Said who was in Minneapolis has been Christmas with their family Northwest spokesman John Austin through the stings between the January incident and Sunday's light I want you to listen to this response. Listen very carefully This is a response from a northwest spokesman of a whole That was a bunch of planes coming in unable to come into a gate. This is completely different circumstances He said Can I translate that for you? Yeah, let me read that paragraph again because I'm impressed by it's provide John Austin Northwest spokesman That was a bunch of planes coming in unable to come into a gate. This is completely different circumstances Did he say this be completely different circumstances? Of course this was a close to Detroit same Paul. Oh, no, they got a lot of white people in same Paul This is a single flight with a lengthy outbound until he said a lengthy outbound delay Oh, what a sense of humor they got at Northwest Airlines. Am I going to be flying the many times soon? No, even though they are part of airlines with KLM by the way KLM would never do that. I guarantee that the Dutch may have a good sense of humor But they would never plug in so they liked that 25 after one and five sixty wqm the reason I played that song by the way I'm realizing since what this is the no lunch day one day We've been on have lunch and ordinarily when the lunch shows up while I'm eating the lunch now The New Deal is instead of feeding my face on the air. I give myself a nice rest I eat lunch and play a little bit of music a couple of extra bits and today I'm realizing it's not a lunch day See a better give yourself like an extra four and a half minutes in there with the Jeff and Nick And you'd be amazed at what I could do in four and a half minutes with the Jeff and Nick 26 after one at five sixty wqm hairless What are you calling We go nuts Oh everybody's gonna die People will try to convert a knife I guess I'd rather die because the E Is that a little bit so wrong If you believe it's the end of the world And see the market Racking up and looking for any or tomorrow Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass We have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a time can use my ass This restriction will be removed after my ass expands Plus week my secretary said to me I'm a little nervous I never put anything in my ass before I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless And she was actually looking forward to doing it again And was even ready to kiss my ass As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace For supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here stick this in my ass It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is I just pulled it out of my ass I guess a lubricant for the new millennium get Y2K Y jelly the personal lubricant for home The car is above or the office lubricates appliances like salon mower The chainsaw Grandma's wheelchair I'm falling the baby guys The bow and arrow The white arm or the cast Y2K Y jelly available at white you can learn Hello citizens this is Batman You know even the one of fictional characters the Y2K problem is real In other words I may be from the comics but there's nothing funny about Y2K So what can you do Jonathan Citizen? That's right if you have the time right now one out into the streets and scream your head off like a little girl Yeling why do you gay? Why me? Who are you? You don't think Batman's coming to your rescue do you? I can tell you now Stock up on can do Then withdraw all your cash from the bag and bury it in the backyard What the capital of your other canine friend then sell your computer It'll be about as useful as the fat signal of noon You might as well get some money out of it now So you can buy a generator and lots of gasoline But don't store the gas in empty plastic milk containers or some unsuspecting moron like Robin Like suck it down thinking a phrase to you then you gotta get his stomach off By rushing to the emergency room And you don't want to do it in costume because he full tent and laugh at that man When he's not the most serious five in crime and they all resist Robin because he's often so gay But I digress this is Batman when it comes to why do gay Don't be a Joker 27th to 560 W.M. so anyway doom profit see less gloom how do you like that? Fires about why to care easing even among the crazy people all right Eeeeh Now that the hours upon us the profits of doom are retreating See they do this all the time Oh yeah, what it's gonna be on that date or it's gonna be on that date The end is coming on again. It is written the Bible says no synonymous said this one said For you're a go timla hey crazy that a bed bug by the way Timla hey and Jerry Jenkins who's so more than 10 million copies of their left behind Trillers about the apocalypse prophecy global upheaval on January 1st 2000 I bet you after a while New Year's Eve there will be a lot of Yeah, he's a people In fact I bet you after last night's Dolphins game for many reasons there was lots of Laker upheaval you don't talk about that too The Y2K bug could trigger financial meltdown they weren't readers on their website Making it possible for the anti-Christy resemissaries to dominate the world commercially until it's destroyed How do you like that? See the the internet basically decides this show the internet is a place for crazy people I mean there's some good information on there, but the internet is primarily a place where crazy people apply their trade Or con artist apply their trade or people sell prescription drugs illegally over the internet It's that of and so on Where there's like all sorts of pornographic material All right exactly Remind of his website prediction of a financial meltdown Well, wait a minute Jenkins said we don't think it relates to why to care all talk about singin a different tune And we're being used by people who do who do do Remind of his website prediction of a financial meltdown. He said we regret having talked about it over the last year Jenkins said he's been reassuring nervous fans They have nothing to fear but him nothing to fear, but assholes themselves Even those who fully embraced today this late is last month are now backing down how do you like that? Some heads their better mind to give everyone they only said maybe or they never specified the western world or January 1 exactly You know like give or take 20 or 30 years Others such as the Reverend Jerry Falball say they have read the white two cake and plants and ports and found them soothing He's sued I bet he's rubbing his ticking winky right now. He's so sued our expecting a hum drum New Year's Eve They're expecting a hum job on New Year's Eve that was said I bet you Jerry Falwell's getting one. Yeah probably from ticking winky Grant you for your author of title such as the millennium meltdown and armageddon earths last days is also laws they earlier this year They Toronto based minister wrote that the white two cave bug may set the stage for the creation of the coming world government That was prophesied to arise in the last days Now he's downsizing his expectations. That's what I always tell him Whatever you're thinking downsize your expectations It'll be frustrating while computers delays in waiting for planes that kind of thing you said delays in waiting for planes How do you like that are you prepared for this is this a novelty in America? Oh my god delays in waiting for planes that kind of thing Jeffrey does not disobey his active predictions, but expect that in one fold only distantly in the third world and not quite so suddenly in other words their animals anyway Let's remove their souls It's not a January problem Jeffrey. I did a little manifest itself gradually throughout the year like maybe in March or April or May or maybe even later Yeah That's what's going to the track. Yeah, this horse is number six. He's going to finish first or maybe second or maybe third or maybe a dead last or maybe he won't finish the race at all Maybe he'll break down and go to the glue factory Oh, that's that's choice. It'll manifest itself. This is like the you know what this is like that people are listening to art bill The crazy people the fly lights own people the out of this world people and believe me They're out there. They're millions of them. They are bell crowd If not a January problem it'll manifest itself gradually throughout the year like maybe in March or April or May or even later Said this midhead It seems that the apocalypse has been postponed. Now that the date is tangible signs of the second coming of Christ are becoming hazy They're becoming hazy. It must be those lazy hazy days of winter That guy damn that cool and just could never get a season's right you know what And of course those black folks to get real nervous about wintertime up north because when you go outside and winter and everything else is white and you're like dark black all black Stand out like a sword Anyway, the millions of fundamentalist Christians who season the white two k buggers prove that a techno idolatrous world was doomed now see it as more of a nuisance So it's not like the end of the world as we knew it. It's just a nuisance kind of a pain in the rectum. Yeah, oh, this is good stuff to be continued And then I want to give like about 30 seconds to those panthers who by the way have it a spectacular season and only made page 422 in both papers this morning Because we had 75,000 articles about And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny number one with 84 bullets by the way Yeah, let's hear it Thanks come up from cool city by the way to a flock you think he's going to be talking about Jimmy and Danny Think he might be talking about that day. Oh, just might Hopefully he'll be talking about I'm driving home. I don't want to hear those colors. I don't want to hear. I don't want to tell anybody else what to do. I don't want to hear the callers. Okay, please I can't take one more not one more Jimmy. Oh, not even that 21 before 2 at 5 60 WQAM Donates You I think that's the great resolution because I'm here at the meeting you ought to make it but first I'll never live up to it because it would put all those tabloids shows out of business Let's take it by it all those scumbags in the year 2000. Let's not hear anymore about guy-dane Kermann lecture in the East Redmond and about Jennifer What's your name? Lopez and puffed adding all these other assholes. What do you say? I'm good to me any chance of it happening? Oh Anyway, continue with this fantastic good news great news You see because that was the day comes closer. They had to like back off there's story as well Maybe this is gonna be in the just three or four days. Maybe it's gonna be a week from circus Yeah, that's what the garbage is a go-in were saying. It's gonna be two weeks from circus. That's what we're gonna have big tourists. They don't even know what it means The end times people are backing down said Damian Thompson Author of the end of time faith and fear in the shadow of the millennium a study of dunes day cults Be afraid If they're afraid for earlier this year fall ball distributed a packet. I wait to hear this a packet on the Y2K time bomb Including a video a Christian's guide to the millennium bug and a family readiness checklist telling people to stuck Telling people to stuck up on gardening utensils cute tips and peanut butter and jelly What are they gonna be doing with those cute tips cleaning out there? That must be what it is Now you clean out yours first or afterward Huh? Because I think that if you clean out afterward you hearing would become really shmitty Y2K is God's instrument to humble this nation fall ball said on television last year Of course you also said on television last year at thinking he was a damn little fag with us silly little purse Fall losses. He no longer a fatalist in fact he's encouraged he would do the video a few weeks ago and it's been toning down the visions I don't anticipate any major problems. He said I would fly it an airplane that day Good, maybe a Cuban airliner would be good, huh? Or maybe one of those Chinese jobs that flies up like on a slant When it was first revealed the Y2K bugs suited the apocalyptic temperament from the mainstream to the fringes Evangelical Christians have opted the Y2K bug is their own for two years they've helped conferences teaching the flock How to filter water bag sand and dry peas I never had a dry pea. I don't usually what scored scored? Yeah, you know you're in bad shape when you start having the dry peas. Is that like the D.T.s? The dry peas? Yeah Oh my god, I won't get this more and have the dry peas Whoo man Pop you know this is just I mean these people are crazy. They're crazy people Adleric king keeps putting these assholes on the air and they keep coming on all of you shows and they talk to them like They're respectable like you know Upstanding citizens like they're opinion mean something Popular Christian magazines of it advertised gold bullion and raptor insurance policies in case you were snatched up to heaven But your loved ones were left behind What was that about snatched in heaven something like that? But as the day approaches even some of the fringe groups are melowing how do you like that they're melowing The Reverend Ralph Moats Who's probably building one right now? For example who we located some of his California followers to roll Montana in 1992 probably live in right down the street from Mark Ferman To prepare for doomsday. That's right roll of Montana. You like that a lot a lot. Yeah, like Shelby Oh, that's that's what I'm saying wrong side of the state. Sorry Who relocated some of his California followers to roll Montana in 1992 to prepare for doomsday sounds remarkably calm these days He'd be your calm down God has got his own schedule. He said from his Montana home, but I think it will be just another new year's Eve. I'll probably be in bed by ten o'clock Like many evangelicals moats still believe the apocalypse will come just not necessarily right now when it's good and ready The willingness to set a date has defined a line between fringe and mainstream views of the apocalypse Ever since the great disappointment of 1844 since Steven O'Liri a fellow about the center for millennial studies in Boston the great Discipline at 1844 remember that don't you all right? Miller That October 20 second very good farmer profit William Miller Gadda thousand the followers on an upstate New York hilltop to wait transport to heaven by dawn They were the towns folks favorite punch line Thousands of people get it up. I wonder where that was you know what the town and upstate New York that was I got the signal over here probably probably can't a day Probably Geneva maybe 10 years They became the seven day Venice. How about done Kirk? How about 10 year and I said 10 year and how about for Donia to fuel how about to Pew? Yeah, what's wrong with the Pew? In James town and done Kirk and And lack of water and lack of talent Yeah, that's where I broke Daniels is from by the way you didn't touch you was from New York. She's from To put in Buffalo. Yeah, lack of talent and by the way. She's also I never finished that story about Proof Daniels quite a Peter Leonard so the scan that they're pulling over their queer channel allegedly according to him is that She's going in to have her back operated on to get her hunchback straight enough and she'll be offered to remun so that can't fire her ass now So they're putting on who's it? Linda energy Liz Wilde one of those bitches They're putting them on temporarily allegedly temporarily and then when she comes back after the operation three months They'll put her on here for a little while to make it look like she's a you know and then when the ratings come out then and to get a point two or point one or a big fat I was in close to burying lately then they'll fire her ass So guess what bro don't buy a house Even if they do straighten out your hunchback. See you got what what is all that stuff from the internet? Yeah, from the front line piece that I was talking about during your vacation about one I showed you about all of the different Apocalyptic doom things throughout history. This is just another war you are a little in the legs You know what are you it's got a picture? No, I don't know he gets the intellectual colors He's like a little bad damn spikkin like to let you all the pretty pictures. Yeah, I'm really impressed when you came up with that Miller stuff That's right. You want to have the 10 I have to move on to dolphin game last night. He would just you know Oh The picture of him which one is that no, he looks like a crazy person to me even from this far away He looks crazy than a bedbook. He looks crazy than Greg Reed and that's saying a lot He looks like the first thing he would say would be that we're coming out of his post Looks like a real smith head to me That's our poll question for Mar by the way. Would you rather be a Schmendric or a Schmithead? 10 before two it five see that's one of the great wonders of Judaism is knowing that all the iglems Don't know what you're talking about. I love that. Mmm man. It's great like talking in code Like those bags do you know we're always talking code about like a T rooms and glory hole and stuff like that And enjoy it a lot when the straight people are walking around looking to like you know what that means You know what he just said now? I know what that is. Yeah, sure. We believe you Getting changed just the way I like it Like Like Vizin一 Like Little We had to be with that. But now we can first meet in the outside. We've been through a murder flag. And the public team there's a flag. On the same boat, we're alive tonight. And on the same boat, we're alive tonight. And on the same boat, we're alive tonight. Everyone else can go to a flag. Two may burn his land. Two may burn his land. What a shame. 150 by here's a guy 145 years old. One of the great quiz show host of all time dies. Almost alone and forgotten and shine by everybody. Anybody on the show care? Oh, so for me in Boca Brian, nobody cared. He was great. That that show was made for him. For whatever reason, he and that show was like a perfect marriage. Anyway, here's the fact that says here's the best news I've heard at a long time. The Michigan mobile terrains are staying at the Eden Rock. Rhymes with sock. They're also practicing at very university in Davy. And the Tom Brady will be at the co-peter's and then having a big board. Yeah, right. Anyway, the good news is forget about it. It's a fact that I appreciate the information. But Jim Andrews has promised me that I'll be able to get in the showers after the orange bull. How do you like that? Because my new year's resolution, no seriously. Along with several other things, my most important new year's resolution is that I will see somebody naked. Sometime during the year 2000. Oh, it's over the better. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Jesus. So anyway, yeah, I think the apocalypse I see the face of Jesus right now. Look at that. And that's not the baby Jesus either. But oh, baby. So anyway. I think that the Panthers deserve a little bit of credit. And what a stupid headline in the Harold by the way, and I realize that's far to David Janeal. Doesn't write the headline just the article, which isn't that much better. This time cats hold the lead. I mean, they had six goals before Tampa Ever scored against Richard Schulmysdorf. His first win ever in the NHL. And nice going there, Terry Murray finally. He starts in the see if this kid can play, which we definitely need another goal. And he plays great. And he's trying out until Tampa scored a short end and goal. Late in the game would like how much luck in the game was 16 whatever it was. Whereas 1646, the three minutes and 14 seconds left in third period. So they kicked their ass this time they hold the lead. And I believe that page 90. 90 after the first 50 million articles are all got to be about the same old. Uh, Jimmy and Danny hired crap. Jesus Christ and Joseph for quite a lot. I'm serious. It's an illness. Maybe some doctor out there and his audience can come up with a cure for this. Some kind of a pill. Some kind of a magic potion to make it go away. We only got three days left in this year. Let's let's get rid of this out of our system when the new year comes. Please, please. And Jimmy. Yeah. But anyway, you look at the standings here. And out of all the divisions in the National hockey league all six, which team has got the biggest lead over the next. You got it. Andrews, baby. 46 points, Carolina, the P-Trid Huracunes 35 points. And 11 point lead. And a home record, the best and legally three loss of all aquacca said the second best after Detroit. 12 3 and 2 only three losses on home ice. To love, he's got a one point lead over Jersey. Leafs have a nine point lead over Ottawa. He treats the Emo. They're a great year only six points ahead of the same Lewis. Colorado's only one point of Edmonton Phoenix. Only one ahead of San Jose. A lot of good races out there. But the Panthers are like almost in like slim. And despite the fact that Trevor could got injured, it's quite of the fact that we had a rocky. He has stubborn lot of problems out there. And the Terry Murray still a bonehead. And despite of all of these things, they're kicking serious ass. Did they get any coverage? Oh, does anybody talk about it? Oh, does anybody kid? Oh. In fact, I had a scour last night when I came home from the track. I had a scour to guide the M sports channels under the headline sports thing to get the score. The game. That's how much coverage they got. And what are they showing the newspaper by the way that they show any of the Panthers who are now Camster with the big game and Scott Melon B and Pavel Berri with Tomorsis. Did they show any of them? Oh, no, we see the big Schwarzscher there again. The big Schwarzscher who are along the board.