Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lutterdale presents the Neil Rogers EAR! We're talking Neil, call 567-0560 toll free for native browwryers from pound-five 60 on yourself A very opinions of Neil, his guest callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM Beesley-revenquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560 QA-L We're talking about... 560-0520 QA-L EAR-E-C-I-O-N If the record time, I'm gonna kick off my shoes Drift off my dress If makes me wet when I see you get a big airwrecked up Oh, right Big four by mouth I want to merge in every end on top of you And take it up by lubricated boots to Gap me an infractive I do me through the wall EAR-E-C-I-O-N I want to drink more balls I want to laugh this lovely out of you when you do a dirty thing And then I'll give it a blow Good work In the morning, it gets a<|pl|> At least until you take up And if I want to wrap on the surround, you're closing too And make your wonder where we're going with food That's something right And it's on Circo's side EAR-E-C-I-O-N Oh I want to drink our balls EAR-E-C-I-O-N Tent out to the 550 WQM The door just back today from the wounded And evidently, you must have really been honest There were in the friends coming out, when are they radius coming out What is with you man? I would have thought that at least you would have been Kept your ear tuned to that I tried Michael and one hundred in the radio So anyway, the best news of all This is so typical And you don't want to think you didn't notice about this The opening day program for the Marlins from Monday Finally, you think Levi's going to win one game this year? No Nice job, Levi So anyway, the opening day program from 1999 At the Marlins, the brand new deal The little regime and here on page Well, they're not numbered, so page something About a third of the way through It is brought to my attention Here's an ad with my picture on it It says, and it's a really, I mean bush league Like, you know, I hate to keep comparing to Piper High Because we all those kids in a apology Seriously, WKPX is one of the best high school Stations in America, they play great music Those kids over there are more professional broad Canters than most of the people, especially They're one behind the scenes who work in this place I don't want to mention Sam because she'd get upset But nevertheless, here's an ad, a promotional ad You want them mid days, 10 am to 2 pm And there's a picture, good picture by the way With a stogi, actually they'll almost two men there Almost And then there's the bumper sticker logo That also blew in yellow, grow test thing That makes you want to puk your guts You want them? We got them And there's the picture and it says, mid days 10 am to 2 pm And in small print, it says, Neil, spell correctly That's good, R-O-D-G-E-R-S What's here to say? Unbelievable Banking, ugly Or maybe just, yeah Can't even spell the names right But you know, the interesting part that you didn't notice Which I'm sure you didn't scour through this With your characters in the Marlins All the Marlins I don't see any ad for the rest of the radio station So I shouldn't be complaining, at least I got a mention in here The main logo is around that page What? That's the rest of the station The team logo is The same ad that has your posts What does that mean? It has all of the team logos Neil Rogers and all the games, that's all But it doesn't, I didn't even associate that with the ad I thought that I didn't realize that That's the reason you've got him is talking about Well, that's the dumbest thing I ever saw in my life Because it's like off to the side There's like a line, you know, like that strong line That separates me from the rest of the 20 hours And the sports crack because we want to make sure we separate him Because his numbers are too big But it doesn't look like it's separated I thought it would have happened to do it over here I didn't think it was part of the ad But seriously, there is nothing Is there anything in here promoting the worst team? No, comfort No And a gambling show for all the the the general gamblers No, nothing And and what you're missing out is there anything here that says catch For example, I'll give you an example Which I marked somewhere in here There's a on some pages is catch the Marlins on WQBA Seven here it is look 14 and 1140 and there's a big beautiful ad By the way, catch the Marlins on WQBA for the best seat in La Casa And by the way, I want to credit the people in WQBA Can't do it for much but at least it's an English and esponial How do you like that? Unlike an ad that appears later on and here, way back to the back of the book And I don't want to pick on these people They may be very nice people and they want to make some money in their business But how come it is in a program? Now keep in mind, this is the Florida Marlins, the Florida Marlins Not the Havana, the Cuban National Team or the Havana or Shubarakings Whatever it is to be 100 years ago This is the Florida Marlins, here's an ad full page That doesn't have a word of English in it El Baseball Viva in La Cai, Ocho, Ilatrent, disillete Avanida Poor Kay, IES don't they say equivalent and Quentre, Latina, Marlins In Miami, etc. The way it's throw smart ones, it's for Marlins in Miami For some kind of a Marlins shop, you know, sporting goods kind of play Luna is a Viernais, 90 and the 6th Pian, Sabro is a etc. Paramas, Informacion, Yamaha, and Esponial Take these big Spanish, no, they're just pandering No, seriously, what is that? I thought we were making some progress because years ago you drive on a pulmeto Oh, poor, do I hate that? But when you'd have to drive on a pulmeto, you drive past the highly apportioned in the pulmeto and you'd see all those billboards in the Sponial Oh, no, it's big at the English, but and now I don't see any of those And I thought, yeah, oh, we're making some progress, got it? I can progress, got it, dammit! That too! And now you pick up the Marlins and see, this is just like what the hero does I mean, you go through the program, you see the names of all the players And the role name Gunzallas and his Aramon Castro, oh, look at Aramon, you're in Oh, I sure hope he ain't no kin, no pizon But I mean, yeah, we understand that, but at the meantime, I hope he was in that Interested in the Marlins. That's the myth that they keep pushing, oh, they've been pushing this thing From day one, and I'm sure when they start pedaling the new stadium, which Man, they're working frantically all the way after last night, they've taken a few Giants that's backward. They said they had 18,000 people there last night? Yeah, well, that was the pay-it-ended, that was the number of tickets So in season ticket holders, however many there are maybe 9, 10,000, so far Quite a drop off from that opening day in the John Henry Goodlock because you'll need It's weird, right? Now we got a real interesting thing going on in town today Wait till I get to this damn little bastard, can I make a suggestion? How about if we just take damn little bastard and put him out of Banana boat and just send him back to Cuba? I know if it'll want to take him, but let's give him the offer to no choice, he's yours You are, Dan, and this covers a lot of territory, so this is quite an honor that I'm giving you now You are the biggest asshole who has ever descended upon this town, there is nitty, but I can't, I mean this guy Makes very jackass look like redsmith in terms of sports writing in terms of a human being in terms of a mentality Today he's got to think about the gangster jokes, you know about pros and cons, all that stuff we talked about months ago Never met a gangster he didn't like, in fact I'm so inspired by Dan Le Bastard I think I'm going to call up Paul Tagliable and suggest that the NFL should start Gangster Tri-outs at every prison, every appendetentiary, all over America from coast to coast God only knows how many good criminals will come up with Huh? Yeah, the gangster teams This guy never met a gangster, and then of course interesting enough in his same newspaper today Is the latest story about Irving Spikes Got a little problem, a little of those problem there again, everything Little peddling problem, a little gun problem, not only in one state, but in two states Oh, price of one But Dan Le Bastard don't confuse him with the facts, we're going to send you back to any We're going to put a media note, say under each arm pit We're going to stuff a picture of Levon right up your back door and send you back where you came from And hope you'll take it In fact, let's just get over to Guantanamo, maybe they'll think he's Yugoslavia Nine minutes after, 10 is 560 WQM If you're a few, oh, I'm by the way speaking of the QM of libertarians, assholes Look at this See, you people with libertarian parties stop wasting my facts paper, okay? Nobody cares about the libertarian party Nobody cares about your stupid idiotic bull crab about Yugoslavia And how this is all unjust and yati-yati Anybody that could watch 10 seconds or more of what's going on over there And what's being done to these people and write this will no one to there aren't five people With an IQ larger than their penis who want to be an identify with libertarian party So keep voice in our facts paper and sending me this crap, okay? Idiots, assholes And we see the president getting ready to deliver his address He's in the awful office with the gold drapes behind him And he is preparing to address the American people The QM music plays, muffled Americans I have deployed our forces to put up a fight And a place called Kosovo Outside of the Albania, we're all the masses Don't use gold Right there in Kosovo, we're gonna blow away Serbian Muslims in the KLA Slop over my loveless of it His mad because his nickname is Slop Later a Kosovo, Bricass, and Pope Chetacati Angla Golvac, Romania, Bulgaria, Croatia, Herzegovina Serbian, Pristina, Adriatic, Cienznia, Kosovo That's where I told me to do point our planes and go And I'll make some Bill Grades, and say, hey, whoa, whoa And you go, Maltun, they grow And then come listen, Mara 15 to 5, 60 W2A, on a great Wednesday After great day for the Irish for the Jews for the shwarches For the Polaks for everybody Not too good for the Yugoslavia's bubble work on So anyway, I think we made a bit of a precipitate You may have started this, in fact, you were the one that brought this to my attention this morning Maybe that's where you were yesterday, not out sick Looking for something Yeah, it was digging around, digging around for some crapped This stir-ups as usual, stir up some crapped And now, during, didn't take George Long for less than 24 hours later He's getting even with Sam for calling him a little lady Or whatever he called yesterday She, I knew him here, let me see if you were working on him She, something like that But at any rate, Greg Regis came in with a very expensive suit By the way, what are we treated that up And was foaming it to Maltun I've never seen him so furious, he said, let me see that program And he offered it up and there's Neil Rogers, Miss Spell, with a D And then there's the logos of the three teams that look like Totally unassociated with the rest of the year It looks like part of the night, you don't even, if you look at that You didn't even identify that with QAM In any way, shape or form, it's one of the worst ads Even worse than the one that's all in this bun y'all Because at least that one, don't understand that well You don't understand? You can't get mad at an ad when you can't understand a lot of it But this is just pathetic I'm firing him today, I said, who is Sam? And we all went, right, right, we all know he's got naked pictures You're not firing Sam today, she's not going anywhere Hey, we'll call everybody she, okay? That'll make Sam feel better, everybody's full of she-y, okay? She-they, she-that, I mean, it's just, it's pathetic and it's so, it's so typical What goes on in this place, you know, I mean, plus it goes to show it That tremendous impact because I, yes, today I was asking begging people to call I think I wound up with three or four who had been at the Marlins open around Monday And here we got to the ad and there would my picture in there Which I should be here right, I should be grateful It's not Hank's big fat, plus- Hey, stop it's not the morning show all by the way Come to work this morning and they head my buddy, Ray Whitney on their nights To interview Ray, got a lovely Whitney, there's a guy You know, it's for a little guy, he's got a real deep voice, you know what that means, don't you? Huh? Oh, seriously, any good time to see a guy with a real, real deep voice Ray Whitney has a fair, a big period But, you know, he was good and he didn't gild a lollipop, he said basically we stink and they were pissed off And, you know, he told him like it was But after that, when I came in this morning, I said, defy, I said, was that a tape after Are the Whitney interview? It was the same 20 minutes they did yesterday Exactly the same time Maybe they're going to start patching in some of the dead spots In the morning with tape until the renewing starts Huh? I mean, if I was just playing out the string until the L.S. Nicolae, I would be doing the same thing I guess, you know, just patching about the tapes, press conferences I've got like that, that kills a lot of time But it was fun, yeah Because it was the same exactly word for word verbatim What they went through yesterday and Joel being real indignant because deep-oats his This and y'all, he's that bad bad bad bad bad bad bad And about the Panthers, you know Give it up guys, they suck They suck, it's called lack of talent Carolina won last night, so if there were any doubts in your mind, I mean, is this close to official as possible? No playoffs, even a Wayne's got all our playoff money No playoffs for the second year in the row And well, do you think we need this and pop that letter? I got news for you, this is a lackluster bunch, this maybe four or five, maybe half a dozen guys on this team They're not gonna be here next year and if we're me, I would clean house Of course, it isn't me and where they ought to stare clean house like I said yesterday is right at the top But I don't want to repeat everything I said yesterday because then I'll be like them But I mean like verbatim, the next 25 minutes verbatim word for word I said, why are you doing that? It's not that complicated, lack of talent, too many stiffs and uniforms out there Too many guys who can't get the job done, who couldn't stick the biscuit in the basket That's the problem, that can't stick it in the basket and the biscuit either So evidently you got salmon a lot of trouble this morning You know? Do what Giusey say, oh yeah, get him off his ass, okay get him off his dead ass Let's start getting some promotion for this place And by the way Hank is right, I heard Hank talking about the referencing these trends that came out yesterday I'm being honest to George who was sleeping in Puking all day And they came out, we did great here in midday by the way I'll be glad to talk my own horn because nobody else will touch it with a ten foot bull and I'll do that But and the Hank's numbers are it's be seen now on the one hand I want to make sure he understands what's I'm sure he does realize this Being on from two to six is in this market much preferable to three to seven Because the six to seven hour is a dead hour You know it's TV viewing time, you know for the most part drive time in this market is over by six o'clock It's watched the evening news and the network news in 630 That's what the end having dinner is six to seven It's not a good radio hour and never has been So when you're on from two to six then you have to wait till the whole book comes out and you can extrapolate your own numbers from two to six Just like we can do from ten to two instead of the day-part that arbitron designs ten to three We you know have only the first four hours of that so have to extrapolate it So obviously whatever his number is it's better because the six to seven hour with all the respect to fat bull She's a weak sister So thanks to him fine work against serious ass But we click I don't want to mention no names again here in terms of these trends and we watch these following number the weak link continues to be that morning Sure, I mean I heard that 20 minutes this morning. It sounded like I heard word verbatim yesterday word for word I mean every every single phrase every single word No, you're saying burry at this and I beat them the yaw are yagarin appingement that if they're good, we need to add a air every word that I heard yesterday What can we do that's our poll question this morning? What can we do to improve that morning show remember renewing is that one time He went Squared score. Don't you remember that That was that was as close to angry as you can get Mikey as Closed as you'll get to a rebuttal or response Not only do to improve that near Roger show Remember that and are good your good friend Roger Magalin participated in that two by the way Can we find out what the real Henry burrows story is I'm just I am just dying to know We heard from Henry that one day and he used my show as kind of like a sounding board to promote his people show there on waxy And we're trying to get the real story behind the story about what they did to renewing who stabbed them in the back And I'll come he he couldn't afford to buy the time there, but they could etc. And so on and then that Mark Benson called in that Anxious one Mark Benson almost as anxious as Steve Noodleberg And remember you remember that conversation number like was only moments ago fresh in my mind And we had a very slowly and very much too long conversation and then next thing We never thought about three of the erphatic next thing We don't Monday morning Henry burrow and answers his is the retirement Henry bearer. Oh retired Why I'd sure like to I mean not that anybody the side is listening to it, but I just you know in terms of industry scuddle But I'd like to find out by the way we met 17 new sales people this morning Who would you QA in? If I'm I'm serious anywhere within a 10 block radius of this station Now you can walk out under the hallway here you can walk outside of the driveway You can walk up four four and you bump into somebody oh excuse me. Hey, aren't you when you're Rogers? I just I'm Monday sales department of your station. I just started QM five minutes ago Like I said when you got all those sports things and most of them will tell you oh, yeah I started in sports sales like Steve Noodleberg They brought him back to sell sports so maybe anybody want to buy any Marlon spots no any interest No Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Neil yes sir. I had a couple questions. What are my gardening bots on a Marlon games? No, okay? You don't know thank you. Doesn't like cheap real cheap. No, okay. No I asked some questions regarding coats of oh yes, okay first of all They're bringing all these thousands of refugees to Guantanamo, right? Yes, that's right It's they're gonna bring it all that way. Why don't they just bring them here? I mean we can set up little well I'm gonna overthrow Castro. That's the part of the you plot the unit understanding Let me surf side is open. We can just make little well What they're gonna do is they're gonna overthrow a Castro and then we're sending all these holios They'll the mouth content ones that aren't happy about the way things are going here They're all going back with they want to go or not With them the bastard in fact, have you noticed how they're shoving all the Albanians out of these planes? Not even with their families. It is shoving them on there taking them to Guadalino's where Well, that's what's gonna happen with all these Cubans that talk up too much, you know make too much trouble here They're going straight back there as soon as the you know, I mean You the irislawians can take care of it. Oh When is the message about here? They can't do it We're we're bonding them from that basin Italy. What right when are we gonna have the next Skeletze bonding mission? That's a week from Thursday All right, bye, don't take care. Benner D. Okay, Adios of action. Okay, there's a good call We got an interesting problem in town tonight, by the way I was the word that the heat were playing because I know pay the attention to seven foot spoke ball on my end of that But we got not only one we got two we got three Three sporting events on the same evening in this town. That's gonna be their real contest. I have a feeling I could be wrong But because it's the Bruins even other panthers are all but mathematically eliminated playoffs are a distant Faitan they're they're gone But you got your marlins in the mats any interest at all in the marlins in the mats after the 12th ory Shalacking that leave on in the marlins to flashlight as the real marlin teams to up. Oh no You got the heat. I have no idea who the heat's playing who they're playing George The heater playing some bunch of seven foot fish marches. I don't know who they're playing and you got the panthers in a Bruins And another some Bruins fans around. I'm like when we play the caps the other night and I had like four or they're four people there With old worn out uniforms a guy's they don't even play there anymore Like they'll hudder But there be some Bruins people there tonight only by the way not only were there only 18,000 people as they put from the accounts that I'm reading and hearing As some of our people predicted yesterday the match people did outnumber the marlin fans At least in terms of noise. Let's go met and I oh, it makes me sick to hear that But that's where they were shouting let's go met let's go met and the other people were pissed off and fired up But they did it not make a peep, you know And that's the way it was that's the way it was So who's gonna be going where tonight? That's our poll question in addition to the first one which I forget already because I was 10 minutes ago 560 560 560 560 on a mobile one line look at the Danle ambassador that he had a calling is Oh, yeah, they got talent. We don't care if they're thanks to as we don't care if they're criminals We don't care what they were accused of they got talent they can run fast and jump high just as through rows in the twice What a damn I'm serious sir they should be sending him to Guam Tonum on up those four-year-old Lobins they should send Danle bastard down there and Just let all those horny soldiers down there and have their way with them for a couple of weeks And his shirt that he is crap on two legs Danle bastard This is the guy that was screwing around with our phone lines in there one day a couple of weeks ago wasn't it was not the guy? Danle bastard you bastard talk about truth and packaging The young creatures she sat on the grass she pulls up her dress and she showed them her rumbles in Laces and white fluffy duck she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children So they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling Reptius and their phone yesterday fun The girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the duck He looked like a man with a side of all home in the country with a big fence out front If he had to phone like they she showed him her list of pet dogs who was subject to fit And maybe she's letting her hold up her small dinner and with the movement so quick And then she'd been over in sucked down his candy so tasty made of butter sky and then he spread with cream all over her Could she that she had left out on her shelf if they disobeyed her You could go to yourself. All right 32 at 5.50 WCM so we have one person that saw the program for opening day at the marlins that saw this ad saw the spelling mistakes other I was in there or anything else about that Who are those people you know what it's like it's like the saw grass It's the same thing Who are those people who are the people who are in attendance there? Where did they come from? What planet did they went to the spaceship plant? Who are they? They're not our crowd. That's for God damn sure So talk about also, you know really really putting your advertising in the place where it's gonna have a serious impact That's for most ideal Rogers at the Marlin games. They uh, yeah, they're into it So where are you gonna be going there? There must be other people out there that have free tickets to at least two If you maybe all three of the above the Marlins the heat and the panthers all of whom are playing And I great the pieces scheduling by the way home games on the same night on the same night two night What a tough choice man the Marlins Marlins in the Met's Panthers in a Bruins a meaningless game and Heated the Mavericks. I had to look it up myself because nobody has audience to pay that much attention That's what an querying minds want to know which choice was you be making those of you who have multiple orgasms and multiple tickets out there, okay? Very important question five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty On a mobile one line so Daniel a bastard says Martin and Collins worth the risk And he goes out about Tony Martin who shopping is there where is elsewhere now by the way They'll look too good for Tony coming to the dolphins he's busy and Deep though and then and societal deep threat Tony Martin and societal threat Cecil Colin. Oh, that's beautiful I'll let the way he puts that well Cecil's had a little bit of a problem He's been arrested twice for allegedly breaking into women's apartments and making sexual advances He was kicked off the LSU football team before land season for smoking marijuana and that's been a month in jail for violating his probation by smoking some more One of Collins former coaches was recently quoted as saying Collins has the mind of a 15 year old and Others had any team that draft someone half of a sign side countries and counselors help keep him out of trouble Dan Le Max just says oh yeah, they're worth the risk in Tony Martin of course Who's facing those charges all those things here in Miami And in the same newspaper on the same day it says X dolphins running back facing charges drug charges in two states Irving spikes memory spikes meeting up his wife and all those things Which you pleaded no contest to butter his X Y Well the once promising football player the former dog dolphin is now waiting trial and federal drug charges in two states Mississippi and Florida not just one but two all the price of one spikes 28 already in jail and Gulf portments to be was In the last week in four waterdale. I'm charges of conspiracy to possess cocaine with intent to distribute and possession with intent and distribute Spice was cut from the dolphins last year after four seasons was indebted late March and Mississippi for Allegedly selling cocaine to Derek joiner who met the i agents call a major Gulf Coast drug dealer and participating in a shootout Outside joiners, Balexy apartment In that case by allegedly recruited another man to rob joiner police said spikes sold joiner two kilograms about four point four pounds of cocaine as well as two kilograms of fake cocaine When he tried to persuade you another that he said some wrapped a sheet rock Wrap sheet rock was a kilo of coconut late March spikes partner John Samuel Morgan Jr. pulled a gun on join Full 17 grand Spice was denied bail in the Mississippi case Morgan was released on fifty thousand dollars in bail and it goes on and on and on and other incidents and conspiracy charges And the one who are in Florida All right Get at Lawrence Phillips the elaborate out real good and Bobby Humphrey and How's Mark Duper doing like anybody seen him lately? Oh And Sammy Smith and on and on it goes and Dan LaBazard who needs the he needs to be deported to media with not soon I'm serious this man's an asshole. He's an idiot The fact that a so-called major market newspaper has got this man writing your calm. He's just incoherent writing lunacy It wasn't bad enough we heard that the Marlins didn't win the world series two years ago. It was the Cubans that won it It was leave on an acubin one of world's who I'm Cubans I'm jealous and great. We'll give you a guy to him fifty dollar bill and put you on a boat Go back where you came from then you asked will you bastard you what a what a simple Wouldn't it be something to live in a place with a real newspaper? I know I keep saying I keep having these hallucinations and forgetting momentarily Ryan was real columnists who really have something rational and sensible and guts eat us say instead of this crap I mean on the heels of a spice getting a busted again for the second time and all these other things that we've been here in Lawrence Phillips-deck rate experiment. Oh, yeah, it's worth the risk okay. We don't care how crazy they are They can run fast and jump on and shoot straight So we care about nice going Dan you jackass I'm gonna I'm gonna start a petition drive to get him deported We're gonna take away his visa nice to car and and he'll pass a port though Here's Miami Beach hello Neil yes, sir. He'll God I just wanted to tell you because in 1996 I had the unfortunate pleasure of being in Macedonia Six months with the UN peacekeeping mission over there. Yes, sir and Our job was to go to little towns, you know like it was called community patrols We go like to Albanian towns ethically Macedonian or Serbian towns and No problems in them in them and Albanians, you know, they were nice the kids were running up to us, but in the Serbian towns It wouldn't even look at us, you know, they'd like like threatening, you know, we always felt how you sound hostile But not as much as we're when we used to go out, you know like they used to give us like a little like For our past years ago in the town in ethereal food, you know And then the Serbs who come up to us all your Americans, you know because we dressed totally different from them and they showed those Weird cigarettes over there. Yeah, but did you see? No, it's that the filters, you know, they're all part of you know, yeah, we're no but It always be like all your Americans and they they'd be like you know if you fight or war here in Macedonia was a Serbs you will never win and we're like Excuse me, I mean we're here eating hello, you know, they did volunteer like they're they're nationally Like you're back in Miami again, I'll bet yeah exactly, but you know, I just I don't think we should be bombing them I think we should be using nuclear weapons on Serbia Right, not that far, but I think How about neutron bombs in there? That's fine. I don't want to mess up some of those old buildings Or anything, you know, it's just that I just hope so I don't I can't even look at the team So it's just there's no insistent that we're never gonna beat them how come the low-sivots is on his hands and he's He's already We've been a white fat flag and they have never seen a military like ours. Yeah, they don't know They do not know the damage That and the patchy kind of and then clicked on On their you are they wait for you to look at your acquire gonna do them to and the Mikasukis All right You're a nice America yes sir legalize marijuana all right I love you Yeah, I love you. Okay, he loves me. He loves me. He loves me not five six seven five sixy Final into the stone ages what I say, okay, and then it's Ellie Wiesell. Oh man some of these Jews give me so crazy Right to an article was it in a newsweek I think oh It's not genocide, you know, it's always this comparative misery again. Oh he can't compare this to the Holocaust I don't care what you compare it to there's slaughtering people to drive it a million people out of their homes They're all these poor slippers over there. I mean, it's not like It's pathetic what's going on pathetic They should strap the lowest of it job by the balls and let just everybody have their way with it. Okay Like they did with Mussolini and his wife after row or that the NWW2 That's what they ought to do strap him up by the balls if he has any left The serves and then you know, what do you expect from a guy named Slob huh? What do you expect? Just like Jack Lennon said I hated you with Slob you and now we know why oh It's as de cleansing there it slaughter is one of the few crazy bastards in the media. It's genocide And these libertarians man. I also think they ought to pass a lot of this band a libertarian party I even like Ross P. Row compared to those asshole libertarians and I hate him like Poise these it at twerp But he's great compared to them But you're constipated morons You know all they are as professional contourians whatever the government says they'll say the opposite no matter how little sense it might make Assholes Not like the Annalobastered be close How to slay King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers and now the League of Retarded Citizens will prove their Edition of green onions don't make long they were very hard for this Okay, thank you 1045 I wonder if Mr. Cheshwak was in that group you think so huh and dating to veto He was in there here's a fact from somebody on the inside over a queer channel to brook Daniels it says 1.9 question mark a 1.9 and dropping like a rock from the top of the world trade center. I had a the world trade center part What did you do to my overhead god dammit? I bought it on the state You know Joe did a great job you're stating the phones were full yesterday I mean in the beginning it was a little slow in the suit that made some comment about what a wise as you are Because he's going on well, you know a George was on Friday They were full even during the commercial break. They held on the whole four hours. Every line was live and I said so He was insulting Jews what do you expect So anyway, it says your numbers are falling like a rock it's such a pleasure watching a countless see you I can't read the word but see you next time Like you crash and burn. How do you like that? A talent let's see you next time Who do you think your fooling it says you're a third rate Randy Rhodes and Randy is just a tenth rate Neurogyrs What start packing those moving boxes you bitch you're a joke and this is from the inside A queer channel on their fact machine They love you look I don't want you getting a rod at like Greg and your beauty Start calling up people you really hate me. I'm so crushed they can't stand you brook You're a talentless to see you next time What a oh boy But you know something isn't this sweet to watch what's the unfolding of all of that because ladies, yeah Rick and son they bail themselves out And brought a little you know god damn it yeah and they're doing good They're gonna come along and I couldn't do spectacular than the morning like I said But just to watch the way their numbers and they have to know in just a two months have dropped in half With that talentless bitch on the year just beautiful as people as you're once again I'm telling you this guy could screw up a wet dream. He really could Here's a mobile in western hello Yeah, sir. I just caught the tail and the Yes, yes, yeah exactly about the the program and the ad Yeah, so I'm up the out in the morning program, right? Okay, opening down leaving Even the game I'm trying to turn by reading my program Like a lot of you driving yeah exactly of course I'm right Oh, I got and I got to the show I am and I looked at him and we got or you want him we got him That's the part that you were talking about exactly right and I'm taking them myself way here's a picture of Neil Shouldn't that be him you want him we got him I think I got to call Neil right now He's a pop a pop a pop but of course you were off the earth at that point and then I looked at the out of the post and I thought you know what they didn't screw us This is correct because if you look at the right side of the ad They got to soften so little my ones He said oh crap he missed that part I'm not talking about grammar. I mean you expect these people here to get to get the grammar right some a little bit Slob like sand to get grammar right? Oh first now you just came off a banana boy or is he from by the way? What origin is he of? key Dominican that's my guess oh Oh, are you serious not we put lucky in the minute Connor That answers a lot a question He's going to Colombia with a banjo on his name good in fact. He maybe goes well. That he thinks always from Venezuela So let's tell you how much I hated Caracas even worse than you were Slavia and I didn't even been in you were Slavia. Thank God Caracas what a that isn't a third world country that's a 50th world country rampant poverty and ignorance. I mean the Pope has really left his mark on that place has an month wow tragedy All those little TV antennas on the tin roof cuts up there in a mountain in Las Montañas All those dangerous people waiting with their little bdIs to you know Come into the city as soon as the size your son goes down So Sam is from is it Venezuela? That answers lots of questions like I said 560 5050 5060 on the mobile one line Here's a mobile and coral spring so Yeah, I was calling in regard to what you said about that column in the harald about Irving spikes yes What do Irving spikes Ryan blades yes and Mark Duper have in common? I'm listening They're all represented by Miami's own true rose and house. Oh, he had best to be hey The hero have been for all this time stuff. They got a run high in the jump fast and jump high in one fast and whatever Yes This guy gives a new meaning to the word dirt bag. He's an angel absolutely In fact, that's going to be our poll question. Who's the bigger exploiter the bigger scum bag Joe Kuba sir or our him? Well, every kind of disguise so much as belt is it's front page news in the harald right and I don't know what are you You know who I have to deal with in terms of somebody at the harald I don't know what he's paying those guys to show form but it must be an awful lot to get the publicity that they're I realize they can picture that only ridder with a sheep Yeah, that could be what it is okay. Take care, and you'll got bless you sir So we decided that there's another scum bag who rose now so we already knew that he's a real piece of crap and Joe Kuba us At least Joe Kuba says you know he's honest about it. He's just an exploiter He just happened to find him drifting around out there in the rubber acting and have no cell phone waiting like that He's honest about it. Isn't it? Oh well partially Kind of like our man has been partially honest like about once a year 5 6 7 over come on. Let's hear where you're going tonight. I wouldn't be surprised if nobody shows up at any of these sporting events This is the sports station. I'm trying to like you know co-mingle With the other crap we got on here especially in the morning like I said well I look at those numbers I just shake my head and you know our program our pussy galore there are PG He shakes his head. Mom. We don't seem to be going anywhere. We don't seem to be going anywhere. But let's flat We've tapped it out They've squeezed as much juices they can out of it and that's about it 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 5 60 on a mobile online maybe we don't have anybody else in this audience. I mean you know I get to tickets for free So I don't want to play bass shot, you know It was Marlon tickets sitting the drawer at home. I could be given him away right now. I'm not going to do it No damn right I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to kill another show. Let's do a particular giveaways Somebody wants him anyway I had a hell of a time given away just opening day tickets for Monday You know the the souvenir tickets which are actually worth something someday maybe and the special parking pass all We had what we did a drawing we had like four names in the Yad pot Nobody cares but there must be other people out there Marlon's heat panthovers there are the panthovers right There's got to be some crossovers for the panthovers It's a tough decision. I don't want to wind up going to the macro read and lighten Look at around and see an empty joint There's nothing worse than smoking an empty joint Yeah, right that paper will kill you Not what's inside the paper. It's the burning paper that kills you just keep that in mind Okay, unlike those faggot's that you people are smoking out of a storm out there When it comes to the wicked weed it's not the wicked weed that'll kill you It's the paper that you're burning it in So don't go buy in those cheap papers there in 7 11 where do you get the good papers? You got to go to Amsterdam They got the good stuff Or just go over to Jamaica or just come down here little Jamaica. They roll it up into Harold and smoke it Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing? Great Second time callers long time listeners. Oh right You know listen to you for a while know you you won't several corvettes over these what's your opinion on the new What's the new 99 best Corvette ever made sure the best automobile ever made glutton by two or three right now That's why I got rid of that 98. I got me that beautiful navy of metallic navy blue 99. Oh man That is that's a car That is a car anybody drives a Corvette now. That's a real real man somebody drives a Corvette 560 560 pound 560 on a mobile one line we should every green line on a boardload up here just on that one question about the goddamn games tonight This is a tough choice for you to make Miami They're sitting there thinking about it. They're doing a Gregory. They're scratching their balls box They're scratching it in their head do Trying to finger out where they're gonna go who they're gonna give the a and don't just leave us in the lurch there tonight Now I'm expecting of course the ruins will be a head six nothing by about midway to the first period so we can leave early again go over to public That's what I'm expecting and wouldn't you know I mean by by by by wearing the phone. He got two shutouts in a row and our team You know couldn't stick the fucking elaticoats in any way from six inches away Plus half and route into your anyway, which is another good excuse I'm expecting 15 to nothing by like three minutes left in the first period I'm expecting Pat Burns to be taken catnaps during the game and he looks like he could use him two by the way I tell you they all of a sudden got hot again to damn Bruins in there any interest in them? No, no Any interest in that car on the current maybe we can bring some zid cream to the seems like several of the ruins by the way I got a real complexion problem Maybe bring some zid cream for the abruins tonight Here's Virginia key hello. Yeah, sir. Yeah, you know that that the region and in coasts of O yes And in in survey in Albania. Yes, sir. Lots of negative yes such a backwards book Pleasure must be done here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know the whole things about religion That's of course we know that what I've never heard anybody mention that We've talked about that on the show at least two or three seconds. Thank God somebody's thinking yeah, and yeah I'm talking another example and this is what it's all about just keep in mind the Nazis were the cross under belt buckles, okay? And the Nazis all did all the you know It's the same old crap and a concordant with a Pope the great Christians it was a Christian thing with the Nazis Don't the people understand this crap. It's all sick religious garbage Did you know the I'm going to be religion now? Did you know the Nazis had a church was called the right Christian church? Yeah, yeah, I mean it was once again. I was funded on Religion and and wiping out the Jews and it wasn't just as Jews it was also the Muslims Except the net region where we're Hitler used some of the Muslims on his side to battle the Russians I mean it's that that region is so backwards and in an initial brainwash that the Catholic church moved in there in the 14th century Yeah, that was that was the beginning of the end To begin the end then anywhere that the Catholic church dominates you'll find low intelligence anywhere they dominate in Italy They do a little bit better because they basically gave the buff on google with the Pope that's a good out of our business But most Italians aren't Catholic the bell Catholic anyway. They're Catholic but they're not they know I'd let me say again 97% of the people literally don't go to church 97% of the people in Italy don't go to church, which is why I love Italy right you're the one that did I've heard that for a while Right absolutely correct you're absolutely correct Correct in all in that region in that region in that region you've got five orthodox churches Yes, they call them the eastern orthodox yeah, but the modern agro has a real orthodox not the Negro Much Negro yeah, Serbia has a real north-odox I mean there was any Negro over there. Yeah They just make crap up as they go along Yeah, right just like me. Okay, hey, they pack it out here kill him me Oh, it's not genocide it's uh some other word well, I don't care what word you said slaughter it's barbarianism It's the worst kind of direct and I'd be embarrassed to be involved with libertarian party Infects me this swill irresponsible attack on you was slavi You know something you guys are much up pussy you ought to become program directors at radio stations all around America pussy pussy pussy. Okay. That's what you guys are just like our pussy galore Used to be PD and they're the PG Pussies Taking just a matter of a few days. They've already bonded the middle submission and there's molossivic on his hands and he's well I will wait a little uh schmoth over here. Okay. What do you think we got your three American dear you want to back no problem Go over there and take him apart piece by piece Him and I got them saw them is what they ought to do all look at that and those it must be hockey tickets I thought you better bring me those crappy Marlin tickets nobody wants those by the way in a so many spots that was Marlin games I'm sorry Greg So anyway, we got some You're what he said no He said we can't give those spots away Mine before water. Well, I hit the wrong things that he's gonna rock at me in a time wait a minute Who with the right way will you please? Don't play the nasty okay wasn't this fall Your fault nephew and tell Sam I don't know he's on You It's Oh Right it's 1103 at 560 WQM where's that schedule? Well, I've said it at that pussy galore we got in the other from our PG He works hard in these schedules man. He works feverously on these anything else you know He works hard on these We got Hank it's cool as today to the six we got the pocket baseball with Jason and Josh from six to six dirty We have to have two guys under do half our show, but they both worked cheap. Thank God Good guys, but and then a 630 we got the emits in a Marlin on now you're following this on QAM We got the met Marlin game, but the Panther game at seven o'clock the pre game the game at 730 That's on waxy 790 because the Panthers take kind of seat rhymes with teeth is what they take There's four what are they? Six six games love for the Panthers only one of them broadcast on two a.m. the others all on waxy 790 And let me say it again. I predict there will be more people at the Panther game tonight Then there will be at the Marlin's game I could be wrong, but that's my prediction. Okay, and I'm willing to bet a lot of somebody else's money on it Speaking of somebody else's something here Greg Reed comes in here. Just can't you know we used to see him so rarely down there in a second floor You know we loved it down there And here like every couple of entities popping at the head in the door with a bad haircut It is disease that he's spreading around He brought us some great tickets so for tonight's Panther Bruins game I'll get more to somebody can identify them go what I'll do is I'll just pick numbers out of the year Here, oh yeah, I'll pick a number out of the year from a certain team and if you can tell me to play that word is a uniform number I'll give you the tickets how's that? What what what do you laugh at about great idea? I'll just pull I don't have any book here or anything. I'll do it out of the top my own head and of course if I tell you the number You can bet your life at it's right okay, I don't screw around. I know my numbers. I know a good number when I see one These are section 133 row one sees nine and ten for tonight's Panther Bruins game row one right up there against the glass You can be just like this patoon you pick Jackson ifers you know the ones that come up before the game and stick their big patinho pig noses up against the against the glass And there's snorten and puffin and hoping to get a whiff Like when Ray Whitney comes out there with his jack strap on you know nothing else Row one you won't see the game course in row one, but you'll feel very important code in plus the yellow the club parking pads Which will help get in and out of there in no time The yellow parking pads that's the good one for the club parking right there in front right by the oldest collider Anybody want these tickets? Come on. I want to hear from some people that are choosing between all these important sports events This is a I don't know if this has ever happened before in history of this town We got the Marlins the Panthers and the heat all on the same night a trifecta People are out there right now just They don't know which hand the white boys still confused about it. What a tough choice on how to kill for your four hours in this god forsaken place Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hi God. Yes, sir. Uh, what are you gonna have one of them? Baseball games oven serve you and over one of the Canadian teams. That's the next week. Let's discover each guys. Yeah And I think I'm taking it and I like to hear uh, okay. Here's pinecres. Tell us Pinecres. Yes, sir. I knew how you doing. Okay. Well you you caught me off guard. That's good first from Melissa Melissa bitch at him Melissa bitch. Yeah, yeah I hope we the hope Clinton doesn't pull a bush and leave him in like Hold a bush here to when his time Like he left the son who's saying in yeah, we're gonna get rid of that now. We're gonna get rid of this son But bitch we're gonna hang in by his uh, much or something else And the plant this tonight I'll be there only because I spent $120 and I couldn't get rid of my tickets All right, we'll see you there. Thanks for the vote of confidence Yeah, let's start selling some tickets anybody got some tickets to sell out there. Oh, yeah And we'll just take the money and leave town. Oh, I got to get that story by I got all kind of good stuff For your like Rick Riley always says he Rick Riley says it but he never comes up with a good stuff You know your good guy Rick and your own bizarre peculiar George is not shaking you said no you're not Well whatever you are. I just said joke you're like Rick Riley you never did we ended on a high note We had our ups and downs we ended up That isn't responsive to what I just said and you know it. Okay. I know Rick is listening because you always said love this show right But hey, oh, oh, oh for you you're usually like a fairly forthcoming all those sometimes you're full of crap And this is one case Just because you know that they're both listening right now. You like sod I like said a lot I like Rick and I meant it our fences. We you don't like me and did on a positive you don't like him There are things I don't like about them. There's like what what don't you like about Besides the arrogance and we talking personally or the shit both The show I don't like the stock marketers.car crap. Oh fair value is minus yeah and personally I think he could use a parenting lesson or so Just because he's trying to kill his kids or no he's a lot cheaper that old spots cheaper that way. Yeah Well that see then you don't keep playing for it if they kill themselves You're you're just the relentless. You really are Rick is a good guy just misunderstood Now of course I never liked in that much. Now he's all right well He knows seriously. He's like in a nigma if you look up the the word in nigma in the dictionary You'll see the picture of Rick Riley he's a difficult to figure out you know But you see his picture there or Greg Reed no Greg is not a nigma we got him figured out a long time ago Did let his BS come to mind huh? Now I'm on a chapter uh oh yeah so anyway I gotta get to the story about the pill peddling lady there The pill pusher since we've been talking about doctors and all this stuff that goes on with these medications All these pill pusher's out there look at this I'm given away tickets in the front row at the Panther game that I had the Panthers number And the front row still got no headline on there. Oh, oh God These numbers keep coming out the numbers keep getting bigger and bigger and bigger We got ratings that have been invented and we can't get the response we're looking for because our audience doesn't give a flying crap about these things Which is why I keep bringing them up just to piss them off. We're gonna infect this as I said that somebody else dropped off How about if we put a thousand dollar bill a text to each ticket and a million dollars in cash small bills Attached to the parking pass with that to afford it. No ignorant slut Riley stole my repeat I liked the march in his face That's far me Jake what's just in the right I think it's white what I'll bite it off tonight Rick Riley stole my repeat What this race to the human race All right, you're a smuck And go back sucks That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's but oh oh Rick Riley stole my repeat I don't know part in his face Rick Riley you're an asshole 11 15 we like Rick he's all right. It's 11 15 is five 60 WQM So anyway, we're screw up to show and you know if if that's another reason out here We did a lot better downstairs on the second floor than we'll eventually do up here because Greg read can't stop sticking his nose in here I know he thinks he's try to do a nice thing for us give it away these tickets right there in the front row But every time we start doing giveaways It we were doing fine We were doing great. We had some real good suit or intellectual conversations on there about the slimy He was lobby and stuff like that About looks and then lebasted to a guantanamo and have our way with him you first Can you feel that not here it can you feel it? This show is not gonna continue as long as that goes on. I'm talking to that right now They're mixing again at pothor they're doing the mix at power 96 So loud that the walls make crumbled down in his place like the walls of Jericho came tumbling down the walls of QAM They come tumbling down any moment now Well, that was quick response. That was quick action He sports there is a work over in the other studio, which is at least thank god farther down the hall any other direction Just kiss the ground that you're over there and not over here Because evidently somewhere along the line work although they're not even like next door to us when I was banging on a wall at day and And then the impact because they're way to held on the hall to my left Wait on there. So maybe it's coming to the events. I don't know where it's coming from It's coming from there. No, no, what it is but pipe it down. Okay. We know you're big shots with your Julio music down there power 96 with your Huchii Koochi crap But all those 10 year old kids that you program to are in school right now. So we're all in impressed okay Well, that's right in day to round. Oh, that's what it is the kids around in day this week. That's why the crank it up in music too Anyway, here's some more giveaways. Okay, because we know it gets people pissed off Well, it's just to promote our buddy Joey. I never knew anybody called him Joey Huh, well, Chris the nephew calls and Joey another they're pretty tight Come meet the host of the new motorsports Saturday show our own buddy Joe Joey Costello From a noon to one today at the Shell Station US one in Southwest 27 Avenue in the Grove We haven't had any have some listeners down there So that's why then if you keep going back there because that's the only place you know is how to find and score per tickets to the opening weekend They're the American racing league auto races at the homestead motorsports complex are own George Corso by the way Who should be spending a lot more time engineering at a lot less time driving race cars But he'll be racing is bright yellow number 2 BMW this so we can't Gates open an ADM Saturday and Sunday. We also have two per tickets to the heat Dallas Maverick's game at the arena tonight and a per tickets to the Panthers Bruins game at the rectal center tonight So there'll be their noon the one just in about 40 minutes or they're about you can say hi to the nephew say God you're boring And how did your cost? Ellen say don't call me Joey. He'll tell you he hates that by the way. What? Joey Joey and I know you look at him. He don't look like a Joey to me. He's just playing Joe Like Joe Mama So meet Joe and the Chris okay call whatever you want to give me the free these assholes that'll be okay No one with the shell station US one in Southwest 27 that in the grove we're just giving all kinds of stuff to wait They're still like that festive holiday mood in the air, you know It was just because everybody's bailout a town now that the holidays are over it's pace off over yet by the light on think so it's eight days Started what last week we got like good the last day or two here, right? Tomorrow and Not for the pace off already enough of the stale monster for Christ six and stop stop what did you wish be any babies at those hockey games? Man, I just I burst in the tears every time I see another one of those kids with a bini on his head I say you goddamn parent to you what is wrong with you doing that to your kids? Just like your account does he have kids? One boy very young boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh Talk about service. Do you imagine what kind of upbringing that kid's gonna have? He's gonna make he's gonna make the nanny look pale into insignificant He's gonna the kid tied up in straps and ropes and Domining back and forth with a little miniature Babushka and thing on there Here's Pembroke pie and tell oh In the eyes of going great you have any mom and tickets? No, no, how do you want to pan to take it now? How do you win them? Yeah, you sound like a bronze fan me. Are you where you're from? Nothing to your okay? Okay from New York you want it's same difference How do you win them? Yeah, I asked you whose number five on Montreal Canadians? number five yeah Okay, now see they look that up so I'll talk you change it. You know to somebody different different number I mean just pick any of these out of my head anybody's a real hockey fan should know these things 560 I mean that's an easy way. I mean if you're a real fan You know the numbers of most of the players in league. I'm not gonna ask you anybody like new and bizarre that anybody never heard of before that you can't pronounce Or that's got like only 87 syllables Here's the North Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Good y'all. And back to you. Anyway, I was watching MSNBC MS the MSNBC She renamed the war in the structure channel Anyway, a little news for that guy you know that served over there the Germans During the blitz Creek took you could square of it with 20 divisions. Yeah, 150,000 men three weeks, right? It's been the next three years fighting guerrillas and the hills and lost a hundred thousand men I remember that movie guerrillas and those wasn't more Griffin in that So you do the numbers if they call me up. I'm gonna be like a gay roth to far in okay? That's my Yeah, yeah, I'm driving around my my girlfriend's kid This is in the you and now all she's doing the walk around going Okay, that looks you sir. Have a good one. Okay. Hold up on the dance. See if that works. Okay. She's obviously very impressionable 560 560 560 560 on the maybe a cucumber on the AT&T wireless line or maybe one of those baby carrots in some of our cases They're never gonna win these tickets if I do it this way, you know, there's this a great revelation to the inter audience I'm picking I'm gonna pay out pick numbers that are so obvious. They still won't know who they are Which really just breaks my heart There weren't such a such a bastion of ignorance of lack of knowledge. I mean you pick you pick the subject. They don't know George was telling me just a few minutes ago. He said if we got all these lines with up. He said the dumbest people in the world I write here now in this town and they're all on hold And I said Here's my any hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you great? Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your call First of all, I want to say I'm you're I know you're a great great hockey fan Yes, I'm a huge hockey I'm a hockey maven sir last night. I watched the Carolina of the very mediocre community beat New Jersey And I watched Buffalo and the Islanders I'm just learning about hockey and all I really enjoyed much better than they've bought my baseball is so boring man It is so boring I've been to maybe one morning. I got that idea of hacky done a small dish and we were flipping it around last night And even Justin Thompson was pitching for the Tigers and ever don't know didn't score any runs for him again And even watch I'd even that I couldn't stand I mean so long throw the ball already make a pitch do something When is something gonna happen here already okay? It's really really terrible terminal basketball is really I went to my first game Yeah, I want to leave like after like that was far too sport. That's a that's a freak sport That's not for like real people hockey is really entertaining Hances is really a lot of people right even a lot of people that do go there Just going to be seen and who's there and yeah out there You know I have made it sometimes when I go you know I want to know who's there and who's not there These people would go on and buy the damn small dish and get the hockey package and start watching other games and if the writers in this tower right about the whole league Instead of just like there's only one team in the world which by the way It's a pretty marginal team anyway. Then these people might learn something That's a Denies pop fan on this station once a week talking crap which is what he talks Back to the business the knees pop fan. I'm gonna tell you here's a guy We're our pretty well. I think it was the game in Washington last week I'm sure it was we're down for the three okay there's two minutes to go the capital is gonna stupid penalty Okay, so now we pull the goalie we put an extra attack around there to try to tie the game and Denise Pontpanc says oh Terry Murray isn't he's really going a hardball on this game He's not gonna play for a tie he's pulling the goalie out now with this much time off He wants to win and remember says to him yeah Dennis, but you got a tie at first You gass all you from you idiot and then we put this Denise pop fan on here on a station pretending Something about the game because he played it God is he dumb but anyway go ahead, but hey Joey anyway I would like to What is it I would like to answer your question here not taken well if you don't know anything about hockey How you gonna know the answer no, but you know I'll try it all right number 27 on a Buffalo Saber number 27 Who Okay, we have an open life You know something we could do this from now until seven years from next sugars and I still I could name I could say like a number 44 on a Panthers I could say that and they still wouldn't know let's say Oh, I'm so embarrassed I'm so humiliated What was the what was the pop fan say and I'll hand show the other day which I thought was even more embarrassing A lot of footsteps in your dirty. Yeah, you're an idiot, Danny. You're a moron. You're a bozo Yeah, he's really tried he's not gonna settle for a tie how do you settle for a tie when you're behind four to three with two minutes Let's in the game and you pull the goalie. So you have a six on four to try to tie the game up. How do you settle for a tie you idiot Never have dumb or words kind of come out of a human mouth and Denise pop fan man Bozo Bozo if I go so is embarrassed he I didn't take that back. I apologize to Bozo Because he was a hell of a lot smarter than that Denise pop fan. A lot of footsteps in your dirty. Yeah, now what are these to sing that song in the euro? Okay? Otherwise we can make up with this in the sand hot sand sucks Oh Number 31 at five. If you walk you see about an East pipe at except dumb. Yeah, that's all needs to be sent Judre refuses to set bail for a pill mouth position. This is one of the most disgusting stories And it's right online, but I've been talking about the last few days about doctors and pills and killing people in prescription drugs I'll get to this in a little bit. Okay after we are kill listening with these tickets after we kill the show with the tickets Man, what a story this and how come this is like way down here in a local section in the Assunsen. Let's not be in the front page of the front section unbeatable But anyway Here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello Mobile in four-laterdale Going once going twice it's the dreaded line for again that doesn't disconnect here's sunrise hello Yes, sir Let's probably ahead the dubious experience of seeing the fighting Miami-Badador's last-home game. Yes Won't see that no more. Oh, it was it was pathetic. Yeah, terrible because these guys I'd like to guys at the macarina. Yeah, we're hunting there hard out. Well, you know, they're gonna be that sounds great But there's not a hockey town and I told them right off the bed. I don't want nothing to do with it It's not gonna fly here and forget it. You're doing it. Yeah, if if if The exaggerate it's ran out of people in attendance. Yeah a hundred from Jackson though, right? I mean the Jacksonville people came down, you know five hours trip Miami just doesn't buy it. They're not into it. They're not interested. They know nothing about it and The other thing is just a bizarre Social phenomenon. It's gonna nothing to do with hockey nothing but that me like you. I grew up and upstate New York Yeah, I had mostly Ranger coverage right and I grew up a Ranger fan. We didn't get a lot of the Canadian TV of Buffalo But I went to school in Boston then of course they made the detrade with the Bruins Retail and park and Joe's a new town. We don't want to go back to that please. Okay, but I think I would just want to tell you I'm a Bruins fan Right, I'll confess to it and I'd like to take it but what I will do if you give me the tickets I'll give you the information. I will order a couple of these 101 CDs I'll do it right now and I'll be so messed apart. I thought I'll reduce your changing the the rules here in midstream He's telling me how I'm gonna give the tickets away. Did I just make it very clear how I'm gonna do it I don't want to hear about bread park and John were telling guys that played 30 years ago See this is what goes on every time you bring up sports and it's done you get these old parts I want to talk about Johnny Bauer and practical have a luch and baby Kion which is all great That's another lifetime. I'm talking about now that was then this is now This is the way I'm doing it sir We raised a lot of money for center one. I love center one, but don't try to change the rules in midstream please sir When you get your own show then you figure out how to give your tickets away Man you're right George for once in his life George was right God Damn Here's Miami. Hello hello. Yes. I've been a big leaf fan for years Yeah, do you know that they have Joe Bowen and the leaf's broadcast on the internet? Of course I do I listen to it all the time. I always listen that the The game they play the problem is Joe Bowen is not most of the least broadcast on the unit because he do the games on TV Well, true whoever does the games on radio for at least sucks this year. I don't know who that is. Yeah, the only time here Joe Bowen on unit is Saturday night Did you hear the call is on on their YouTube awesome time. Did I hear what the call he had on them two two bots Boston test no Incredible when I think he would be doing that game on radio because of serity night right Well whoever was doing it. He would be doing it. It was serity night He does the radio on Saturdays when a game is on CBC with Bob Cole and Harry Neal and then during the week he's on TV But he would be doing that game on radio. Yes. I'm agreeing with you sir. That's your right But he had a great call when Joseph may be Save and then they went back to score the goal right Aren't you gonna play it for us? I have it at home, but I'm oh geez. Well, can I have a record? I got to have it I'll get to I love Joe Bowen. I'll try to get to he's a god is there anyway? I can get to tickets number 18 on the least is 560 when he said he was a leaf fan didn't he say that? He just got through a tell me that he's a maple leaf fan. He's supposed to know is hockey this guy All right, God. They'll take away his V's and his master garden is patty all the passport to what it gets to the passport control up there next time at Pearson 567560 pound five 60 on the 18 to wireless line boy man I am so out of touch with what's going on in this town. I can't be having a different I'm on a different planet I'm glad this is happening today approved to maybe on a shadow over that that the things in life that I have any interest in whatsoever The important things they don't know from down here all they know is guacamole and horse crap That's all you know down here and the horse meat Here's a man the Venezuelan seat horse meat. That's what's in shit here's a mobile in Miami. Hello any all you doing great I might qualify into who Pat Burns and the bomber are. Yeah, that's good Start yeah Final windows took a's even little bov. You have one nothing game. Okay number 81 of the Buffalo Sabres is All right I almost just wet my pants hold on sir Mirus log shit 10 36 goal of the season last night for the Sabres by the way. Hello, a player We should only have a player like that on this team There's the winner. Let's hear a boys and girls Party in my pants. I'm serious almost dropped the load right when he said that God I am in a state of shock You could knock me over the goddamn lymphed with a noodle That we have a guy in there that actually knows something about the greatest sport in the world. Okay, of course it's Satan I know the real religious people are gonna get upset. It's Satan. Okay Man that was just made me feel almost human again Thank God for you sir whoever you are Thanks a lord for you These other people at that guy that says he's a leaf fan I ask him number 18 Allen McColley for crying out loud. You don't know that it's wrong with you sir Shame on you you better get your goddamn program out you better get up there to the air Canada center right now and sit there and wait for practice Because practice makes perfect who we playing a auto at that's right the leaves Home and home with auto and that should be bad All right now let's get back to doing a radio show here here and quick given this garbage away that that was a good that was an actual exercise I enjoyed that though But away stuff on kintal is number five in Montreal Canadians what was the other one I asked I think remember the number I asked something simple something easy And they still don't know it and now they're starting with the music again down a hall by the way I was told that our PD spoke to their PD who spoke to whatever punk kid is Nixon today And we would problem with it. Well guess what we got a problem with it again because he's mixing two goddamn loud again down there at the end of the hall kid curry And we don't care what great the cheeks the on our squeaky. We don't care what she had a big ass the fact is that you're a punk down there are mixing two loud Man remember Mick what was the name Nick Nixon used to be on WBB F or R.O. Nixon whatever was We're working with crazy people up here on the third floor. We the only time we ever had the problem down stairs on the second board again It was a power 96 problem was kid curry again playing that music to loud in the office there Crank in it He was cranked it and then we had the Lea what was the name colored on it? He was spanking the room next to work. They were cranking it and spanking it loud This is supposed to be a radio station no respect for the broadcast studios for the people on the air We're not even talking about music that's on here this guy's uh, he just didn't airplane with himself in the you know cranking the bass down the hallway not even on here on power And if pussy galore over here would go down there and really take care of this business that is just sitting in a note and a bottle down the hall You know that was embarrassing Go down there and bitch him out okay, Tom were trying to do a high rated the radio show here And you're interfering with the down a goddamn hallway and Greg reads we're walking around on the After he saw that edge Everybody said Yeah, after he saw that stupid ad in the Marlon's opening day program. He said Nice going nice reaction our Greg won't fire in Sam right away. Yeah, right? Okay, I told George before Sam could go in there and drop 17 pounds of steaming hot human experiment right on Greg's desk and Greg would say how you doing Sam? One moment please See this happened yesterday when you're going up to go out and take a leak Through a little break and our George got up and walked out and the thing just not been there It just stopped the audio fault so don't worry about the right is that the last spot I hope of the break We're gonna the last thought I'll make it up your next one What do you mean well have a four minute five minute break unless you want me to play it now? Plight no we don't want to five minute break play it now. Please this is Hank Goldberg is honorary chairman I'm inviting you to join me in some fellow celebrity support pastors at the junior achievements celebrity Innovation doctor and I'm taking place Thursday a 48 a.m. at the rail junior team and helps our young people value education Understand business and economics and be workforce ready you can help by purchasing a corporate horse And for 2500 single entries are also available either way I encourage you to come out and play on Thursday a boy to set the round and go of course Call 305 5341388 Give your praise Day off and listen to the big dog be going Goldie morning to fix only on sports radio 5-6 weeks You a rock you know Unmoder and worthy they were the pioneers of a lifestyle that do this day is enjoyed and men's rooms everywhere I think I wish back in 2012 me and a boy is drilled a virus tall in world They were hand drilled back then take a peek into the secret society of men who first developed the glory home to today's high-tech adventurers I'm told that now they're using lasers for speed murdering levels glory holes tonight of the historical channel We'll be listening and watching and picking it's looking 45 at 560 W to QM We got the noise level down there together into the hall. We got some of pre-bebuss and children See there's too many children running around this place playing radio that's the problem in this whole building because they work cheap and some of aren't even getting paid Hey, I'm playing radio like I want you down a morning show It don't forget the joe of Costello and the nephew were out there in the QM van Starting in just a few minutes from noon the one today at a whole bunch of crap to give a lady I'm not gonna go through the whole thing again because And the joe or the host of motorsports Saturday This is to try to pump up that show anything we can do for our buddy a little joy Well, how is little joy by the way? I haven't heard from him in a dog's age. We don't hear from any of those people anymore You notice that how they've all abandoned us since we moved up in the world here on the third floor like the Jefferson We're moving on up Place where the walls are crumbling down 560 50 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T line Here's the rail hello And Neil yes, sir. Hey good morning. When is the I'm gonna talk to you for a while um God, what's the first hell? I'm gonna tell you all That that little hockey contest you did was pretty good. Did you notice no women called Trying for that we don't have any women called anyway. We haven't anyway. It's almost noon. We haven't had a woman called Have we? No another thing a hockey curry kind of can't stand that guy another thing Did you finally get to see I'm gonna what kind of class does it take to be running around telling us that his wife had a big ass We already know that yeah, you know this sheet he constantly talks about her and his does he show well I don't listen that right well He don't he you and I used to listen to the station a long time ago, but now the music is just really bad Yeah, don't listen Oh, it's the worst Did you finally get to see the shoshank redemption? No That's a very very good movie. Yeah, very good if you do not want to go and and rent it But I did see some of the sharks so I think it's the same last night If you don't want to rent it on Saturday on TNT at eight o'clock They're gonna show it if you could say eight or nine, but of course, you know you're gonna see 500 commercials and they're gonna cut out What women more noise Just for a second. I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you something seriously if this stuff doesn't stop I'm gonna get up and walk out of this building. I'm not joking This is how many times is the program director have to go down there physically. I don't know what kind of a retard they got down there Listen to that You can hear it you can feel it the walls are pumping okay. I don't work in a something place If I'm something then it's got to do with something else beside this okay. This is not acceptable Go ahead sir, whatever you're saying is her wake up is there a way you could put the mic up to the wall so we can hear what you hear? Yeah, I Mike use on a stand we can't do it All right, well if if you know if you don't want to rent it like I said on Saturday I'm TNT they'll show it, but um, I mean renting it you get to see everything and it's really really well done movie True well Okay, thanks for the good Thanks, hey, oh, I will I'm gonna enjoy being home early today I'm not joking you think I'm joking. I'm gonna walk out I Never walked off for showing my life in 200 years in the business. I am gonna walk out because it's obvious that they don't care in this place And whatever he's doing in there doesn't need to be done in there now anyway That's not on the year Right right They're warming up. I'm sure well, what do you mean they're warming up? What will you practice practice what they're live mixing? Practice their live mixing tell them mix this okay What It's supposed to have been taken care of and I told them He's telling you he's taking care of it and I keep every year it stops for 30 seconds and then the wall starts Those crumbling down again in here. It's supposed to be taken care of where is the general manager this guy damn radio station was running around with the bull crap talking crap This is the almost a month we've been in this room and with your section of one or two other days when they started down the hall there Obviously they can do whatever they do without making this racket because we don't have it to rest in the time We didn't have it up for just a few minutes ago for whatever kind of a horse crap radio they're playing down there And now it's on boom boom But like this my kishki's are getting twisted. I'm starting to get those pains back again. That's what it's from boom boom boy a crap Power 90 60 should only shut that thing off the air get a goddamn public service metal for shutting that crap down All those 12 year old little spick girls they're all in school right now anyway, okay. They're all in me form school or somewhere Christ all mighty what a place 567560 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I'm glad I don't have to win those tickets I have no idea of anybody's number but that's good least you're honest. I got my own and I can really And the morphs these number picking out of there number five something that's all I can see yeah 51 And he's not here anymore He's a big trauma ticket that's I know that oh there you go, Ryan There's good That's about it. Okay. Thank you, sir excellent five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T line We got 200 open lines now all of a sudden we were doing great here today. We're having a fine day all of a sudden everything's going right in the old Trapper okay like I said they throw as many impediments in your way as they possibly can in this place They give you no promotion they spread your name wrong and some stupid add the goddamn magazine That nobody will listen to the show reads anyway And that's their idea of the assistance like red comes in yesterday when you were out sick. Oh good job when the trends Yeah, there's a good job on issue on the trends every month every rating book every year oh yeah, you're right. Yeah I just how about doing something for us and they turn around and walked out I mean, maybe leaving is what I had in mind but nevertheless that that there's some of the hurt that He turned around and walked out because it might have it might have involved some expenditure of money Which they don't have which they don't have because every dime that's why they're out there with 2500 salespeople pounding the streets You want to buy some marlin no dollar a spot 50 cents no quarter no, we'll pay you no Because they gotta be selling didn't I predict this when we were on with passion when they made this deal? Oh, yeah, we got to dolphin in them arelands in the Panthers and you know the sports station I predicted it then no matter how much money they build in this place They'll never ever be able to make that money back so they can pay ballty in the John Henry Almost $4 million a year the radio rights Just for the marlins just for the marlins Do you know how many spots they have to sell to make the four million dollars back? So they can pay John Henry to walk around and say hey, we want to game we want to game you want to build this stadium Huh But in the meantime at least give us a little rock bonus for us and least give us a place up here This was supposed to be a big deal. Oh, we're moving on up to the third floor. It's got to be great Beautiful state of the art studios We're in a goddamn thumping box That's what we're in We're tough thumping it is what we're doing somebody's over there thumping it Maybe that's what they all got to make it pictures are out of in this place huh? There's too much thumping going on up here on the third floor And obviously they have tremendous respect for our pussy galore over here next door It only took 17 trips to his down the hallway to say to kid curry hey cut the crappy wassels The battle of the program directors we got here only we don't have them we got pussy we got a PG not a P.D. That's what we got Tony Donovan got them dull roar down there Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, no, yes, sir. Hey, you said a hockey player Numbers should be happy who the drummers are in certain bandage. That's tomorrow. Hey, and also I have another thing There's a bit conspiracy with these Albanians bring them to Cuba Because from Cuba they go to Miami and guess what happens? The Albanians will change the name of the street to Albanian me. Oh, we got thank you for reminding them by the way Thank you, sir. You've been was a very boring call. He's right Senate okay's naming street for mosquitosa how about one for Juni canova? That sounds like mosquitosa. I want to make a response before I get into this thing What your course is in the here old big headline in the local local Miami date section No moss That's what I say no moss enough of this crap Florida Senate voter Wednesday to name a downtown Miami portion of biscane Boulevard Jorge mosquitosa Boulevard for the late chairman of the Cuban-American National Foundation The main change of course sponsored by Senator Senator Mario Diaz-Bullart and Roberto Casas Clear the Senate unanimously is part of a larger road naming bill that now hits to the house The family asked to do that Casas said in an interview Jorge mosquitosa was a freedom fighter A member of the 256 Brigade he's done a lot for the people of Cuba and that's the reason Jorge mosquitosa Boulevard would run past the freedom tower which served as an entry point for Cuba in Exiles coming to Miami It is not one by the moss family the designation would apply to a stretch of biscane Boulevard between northeast 6th and 16th streets Oh, and we're not done by the way yet wait to near the right to this The Senate also agreed to add in the road naming bill a block in little Havana for Armando Perez the Cuban-American owner of a Nicaraguan restaurant called Yambo The name The name for that part of southwest first street Armando Perez Yambo Boulevard Are you following this folks? Senator Alberto Gutman sponsored that change Armando Perez is a guy who is the epitome of the American Dream he says he took that block in little Havana that was run down like a city block in a morse zone and turned it into a center for the Nicaraguan community And then kind of last but not least is a throw away here because there might be two or three shfarts as reading the newspaper The bill also includes the new name carry a unique Boulevard for northwest 27th of Miami date from 58th street to the Brown County line The change was sponsored by the Congresswoman son Senator Kendrick meek Democrat of Miami to build clear the Senate 36 to So that's kind like throughout the ass in there But the headlines says Senator case naming street for moss canosa And it just goes on and on and on and you wonder why most of us looked at the Broward And wonder oh boy The train along the Poyo Paracan Just I'm a big airwrecked gun that's too big for my mouth. I want to merge in every end of top of you and take it up my lubricated food stew. If we ever have done an A-O-C through the wall we are E-P-T-I-O-N. I want to drink your ball. I want to love it while we out you went to do a tour of me and then I'll give it a blow. In the morning we get a plastic bag and we start filling in with take-up and so on and wrap on the surround you're hoping to and make your wonder where we're flowing through that's something we're at. And it's on Circo's side. He's R-E-C, the N-O-C-N. I want to drink our ball. He's R-E-C-I-O-C. Two minutes after you know it five, sixty-two and a half, two-and-a-half, the walls are literally crumbling down. Hit it really hard. In every respect it's just coming on glue this joint. Got nice launch here from our buddy at the where we get this from today. Tony, that's right, Tony's. What's your guy's name? Matt. How come they got placed? Brad, like I said, I don't know. At this point my mind is like, I was doing so great. I feel so much better. I'm nursing myself back to health. And all of a sudden like, you know, you're in here for a couple of hours and you're like messing with it. They're messing with your brain again. They're messing with your brain with your life with your livelihood. But we'll get through it. Make no mistake about it. Nice Greek salad here today. Low card, nice pet achieves. Those Greeks know how to do it. Here's Pepper Pines. Hello. Hey, I was gone. Okay, great. Oh, well, I don't know about the panzers, man. I'll tell you. I do. They suck. Well, that's true. I don't know. I put it behind the team, but I can understand why they can't pull it together somewhat. Well, what does that mean? It's at least you guys. You remind me of the guys in the morning show. They lack talent. Don't you understand? Don't you see the person that lot there forgetting about the injuries. Forget about Palm Bellbury. He wasn't here when the season started. Anybody with a brain could look out here and say this is a mediocre team. They lack talent. That's true. How many stiffs? Yeah, it's traded away a lot of good guys. Another guy's rehearsed. Yeah. So I mean, but before the guys got hurt, they went into a Swoon. Carolina rolled over and put their legs up in the air and said, Okay, let's have your way with us. And this team rolled over and died. That's true. Lack of talent. I think Lack of passions for pulling. And Lack of coaching and lack of front office smarts. Yeah, we need a very brother's gotta go. That's right. Gotta go. And I don't hear that on the morning show, by the way. Well, it's just about 20 or 25 minutes that they repeated again this morning. The same old bull crab again scratching each other's heads of what do we got to do. I didn't hear any of that. That's because they're askers. Yeah, that's right. Three askers that I'm morning show and they will under why we got these mediocre numbers in the morning and why we can't make our secondary bonuses because the morning show blows. Exactly. Right. I'd like to take a stab at your game. Take a stab at one game. Try to guess a number from a game. Okay, 69. From. I've got to talk about that. Well, how about that? And six hours ago, and this guy still do a numbers. 69 from your. Yeah, and out of here. This guy was serious. So what's the take a stab at my game? Well, I'll take it. What I'm having more tickets, but do you want to do that the rest of the days? A little kills some good time. Do I want to do that? No, I don't either. That was, that was not amazing. Was it difficult? By the way, how the guy's doing out there? How's Joe and the, and the nephew doing out there at the shell station? Haven't heard from them. Yeah, well, hopefully they're busy. They got tickets for a go down there and get tickets. You don't even have to answer any questions. They got tickets to a two pair for the heat and the mower's tonight in the arena. They got a pair for the panties and the bro ones at the erectile center. And they got pairs of tickets, probably eight million of them. So the opening weekend of the Merkin racing league auto racing. It's homestead motorsports complex. And if you believe that's a real sport, you're crazy. You're crazy and I am. You're crazy in the people down to power 96. But just make Joe cost a little happy and you're a croissant too. Oh yeah, we love that stuff. You know, and then go and maybe you can scalp them. But I doubt it. Do you think there's any value in scalp and those tickets by them? No, no. That'd be like trying to scalp tickets for the pants are game tonight. Good luck to you. And I should have known when the guy starts to call saying, Oh, I just don't know about it. I mean, how can you not know how to say, but I just played 76 games. If you don't know by an officer, then you're never going to know. How about Frank Mahavoloch? What number? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello? Yes sir. Neil. Yes, I am. God bless you. Hi, Dennis. Listen, I'm sitting here trying to figure out better ways to absolutely kiss off all the companies who hire me as a consultant. You and I at Walter's table? Huh? Yeah. You and I can't inspire it because you piss everybody off and sort of why. And they keep us around because we make a money. It's a pleasure. But I'm sitting there laughing all morning because you are really at the top of your game this morning. Yes, I am. And I had a bad bad morning. I was hoping my lawyer was going to be able to send one of these assholes a letter. But the guy called me and said he would take care of what he had to do. So I can't send the letter. I'm just appointing. I'm not going to hit one now. It doesn't do. I mean, you got a whole thing prepared. You got the rest of the day. So keep up on for the worst. Okay. You like that. You can solve these. He's helping for bad crap. Oh, good. All of this in here. Nothing like Greek olives. You know, with the Greek students and the olives. Oh, don't say it. Back to them. Come on. And then they discovered just putting the olive oil in there would work a lot easier. 560 and pound five 60 on a mobile one line. Here's my any. Hello. Here's a call from Jorge, Moscow. So you say yes. Hey, Neil. Yes. Lord, Neil. I finally got through. Listen. Yes. Those 20,000 refugees that are going to get them. Mm-hmm. They're going to get them. They're going to get them. They're going to get them. To Miami and Fort Lauderdale when they're done with them over there. Yeah. Actually, they're going to go back to the coast of all. Yes, they are. Imagine that. They're going to have to pay for their medical bills and everything else. Yeah. And they're just going to be 20,000 new. And what would you like to see happen in the Mr. But you obviously didn't starve to that. Then croak and die from disease. Will that make you happy? No. That's not it. Then what's the only one that's going to be on the way? Then what is it? What is it? What they need to do is what they're doing. Why did they tell the German? They got a lot. Why did they tell the Germans? You got a lot of empty territory up there in Germany. How about we stick them up over there for a while? Right. Instead of flip it all away over to Canada and to Guantanamo. That's what I said. You're right. But they don't want to do it. And let the Germans pay for it by the way. Let the Dan Germans pay for it is starting to, a little bit of reparation for all the money that we had to waste in all the lives we had to kill for two or the wars. How about that? That's not for you. They've the ones who can't go to the problem anyway. Right. So, let them deal with it. Well, and it could happen. But good idea. Let the Dan not see you stay care of it. Let those Germans take care of it. The crowds. Are they going to do it? No. No. I see Canada is being nice. What are they taking in six people I think? Well, they got a lot of immigration problems already. They don't want to overdo it. They're nice, but they don't want to be too nice. And by the way, I was only joking about it. But you know, I think it's 5,000 they're taking in. Most of them are going to Quebec. That will take those frogs the thing or two. And guess what, Froggy? They don't speak no French. Nine minutes passed. No, it's 5, 60, WQM. I know you just heard this recently, but I want to reinforce it. Tuning it. What? Handless. And we don't care. You know, it was nice that the screw-in she stuck her head in the door. Oh, any problems with sales and with copy? Oh, you don't even want to know. Oh, you're right. I don't. Okay. Goodbye. They're there, by the way. Yo. Show them Chris. And Joey and Chris. And nothing. They're there. I'm in a middle of a spot. Do I care if they're there? I didn't think you started it yet. I didn't. But I am now. By the way. By the way. So, 14 at 5, 60, WQAM. So, they're mobbed under the QAM band. There's no more heat tickets. There's no more panted tickets. But they got plenty of tickets for the auto races at the Homestead Motorsports Complex this weekend. Anybody want those? No. They got QAM bumper stickers. The real boring ones that sand the shand made. Those real ugly, blue and yellow things that don't say anything anybody want those? No. Okay. That's it. Well, there's still down there for a little while. That didn't take long. You might have just stopped on her in the say how to Joey. You know what I said at Chris because he's boring. Here's Boeton V. Chillow. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, no. I got a long time gripe about the NHL and I just wanted to if you shared it with me. The Thai blog games. Is Thai one? The Thai games and Thai ball games? Thai games and hockey games. The pantas have played like what about 76 games. 18 of them have been taught. That is correct. That's like as they don't score any goals because they can't protect the lead. More than 20 percent. There's nothing is depressing. It's going to a game and have again. I don't agree at all. I couldn't disagree with you more. There you go. Well, I don't agree because I mean when you have too many ties like the pantas seem to have every year. That's not good because then later on in a year when you're like fighting for a playoff spot. Even if they would have tied Carolina or anybody else. They still don't get the spot because the first tie breaker is wins. And if you got all those ties, you obviously have far fewer wins. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with it. There's there are bad ties when you've blown the lead. And they're good ties. When you come from behind, you get a point that's better nothing. We know the tie game was instituted as a World War II measure because of the transportation was available. I needed all the transportation for troops and stuff like that. And it was supposed to be reinstated. You know the overtime games. And there was never reinstated. Well, what do you mean it wasn't reinstated? We don't play overtime. No. We don't play overtime. What does it play overtime? When it's tied at the end of regulation, it's a tie. Each team gets a point, right? Sure. Hello? Hello? Please tell me you're joking. Please. I beg you. Are you joking? No. No. Oh. 1216 at 560 WQMU right before, by the way. You were a little sucky though. You were a head of your time. What that prediction about the people on the phone. Here's the fact that says Jorge Moskinoza was nothing but a dog and a Nazi and other right-wing Cuban maniac. Luckily, it's spring break in date. No, Julio's are busy in quiet and westland with their mouthful. Oh, this is a good idea instead of Jorge Moskinoza Boulevard. They should name the street. Glory, whole Boulevard. Oh, I like that a lot better. Oh, this last call. And you think that I exaggerate? You think that I even George knows that they play five minutes of overtime during their regular season. And then in a playoffs, of course, they play a full-perage and they keep playing and then they have an animation and they play another full-perage and they keep playing until somebody scores the wins the game and the playoffs. Here's another old fart that shares his expertise. He probably hasn't seen a hockey game since Danny Gallivan was an embryo. Since Frank Salki, senior was a fetus. Seriously, the ignorance in him, we got a sports station in his town. Oh, my God. You people are got to be kidding me. Nice going. Greg, nice format. Nice place for a sports station. And we're going to build a new stadium. Oh, brother. What a bunch of cuters we got here in this town. Here's home, Stead. Hello. Good morning, Norway. Great. I'm doing okay in spite of all these impediments to my life. Well, you shot me in the ass already. I'm going to try to get to you before you hit this boss can also think. Who the hell put this thing up for for grabs, renamed half his town? A couple of, uh, Julio, uh, legislator. Yes, it says right here in a favor. Roberto, costess from high L. First thing this morning, I read in Mario D.S. Bullard from West day to couple of good right wing Republican members of the legislature, right? So I'm reading this this morning. I said, I had to call nearly this is unbelievable. I've seen it. It says here. He has done a lot for the people of Cuba. We'll have to tell you the people in Cuba name. They're got it. Exactly. I didn't know that he was elected to do some for the people of Cuba. I thought he was supposed to be working for the people of Florida. This is not the only thing that's so money from Miami to get that damn gangster. Yeah. And so we're almost, we haven't lost. No, I'm not. No more this crap. Okay, we got Jose con suckable Boulevard. Yeah. I mean, well, what we're going to have next you've heard of, you've heard of Route 66. Maybe we'll have Alpha 66 Highway. Maybe that'll be what we name 95. Yeah, you can drive all over the town and every fourth street is named after some Cuba. That exact, that's why people are flocking out of date county. There is no assimilation process going on. Yeah. It's like we took it over. We're going to do whatever the hell we want here. And you people are going to blow it out to your hands. This is what goes on here politically. And then every other goddamn way. And that's why date county is a foreign country. And anybody doesn't believe that is his blown smoke up. You're an absolutely correct. That, yes, I am. And I thank you for. And God bless us to you. So God damn foreign country. It's a shame, too. It's a real, real, super shame. But that's just the way it is. There's no desire, there's no leadership. No interest in assimilating or working together like they do in real cities. Oh, but it's the multicultural city. Oh, right. Not a multicultural city. It's a one cultural city. Anybody else that don't go along with the game plan to them. You know, like I said, I'm looking at the program for the Marlins Open and Game. And here's a full page ad without one word to English in it. It's unacceptable. You're just jealous because it's not in yetish. Yeah, right. There's no yetish ads in there. My anti-Semitic friend. Okay. And by the way, I wonder if that's one of those places where they're peddling horse meat in the back. 560, 50560, Tom 560 on a banana boat. I mean, the mobile one line. Yeah, it's a banana boat place, date county. Look at the driving. Look at the kind of old beat up wrecks out there on the road. In fact, there was a thing. In fact, speaking of Jews, there was a thing this morning about how, I forgot what era was. I'll find it somewhere in a paper. There were 72,000 Jews on the beach. And I was only 38,000 and they're either dying off or flying out of there like crazy. It's a takeover, baby. It's an invasion. That's what's going on here in this town. It's a whole county. It's been invaded. They even had to change the name to protect the guilty. My name is Dave County. My big fat. Back to him. Yeah, right. No anybody that says my name is Dave County? No. Before it sure was a good idea, it changed in all that state stationery and all those litter heads. For whoever got that contract. 560, 50560, Pont560 on a mobile one line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, New York. Yes. Oh, there's a mile in to out. Uh-huh. Whatever you say. Here's North Miami Beach, Hillow. North Miami Beach. See, there's something on his line for. It only happens on for. They don't get disconnected. They aren't there. And it's always on that line. Never on the other lines. Only on that line. That's what I'm starting about the phone company. You get it. Bell South. And how incompetent you people are. But I am. Here's Miramar. Hello. Dr. Nell. Yes, sir. You mentioned something about the electronic tolls. And you can get one of those transbonders at Napa. It's Napa. Otto's 52nd and Howard Boulevard. And, uh, we'll be available this spring. But the point is this. Yeah. That's fine. If you're talking about going to the, um, toll booth. Uh-huh. But that's fine. If the other people going through the booth actually go through with the right booth. Yeah. But if their assholes going through the, uh, explore whatever they call that thing. What is the sunshine? Whatever it is. Um, some. Well, whatever it is. So, I'm going through there who don't have it, who don't belong at that lane. It's still isn't going to get you to any faster. Yeah. And you know as well as I do, it's going to happen every day. Yeah. Well, what can you do? And exactly. All right. I'm out of material. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Fine. Okay. What you can do is take a bus. And then the bus gets to the US on pass. And they say, oh, sorry. There's 16 illegal aliens out there with 15. The pennies in their pocket in the wrong lane. I mean, when you're trying to create a situation where the dumb people are out there in a car, where have all these thousands and thousands and thousands of really ignorant, idiotic people who take no money when they try to leave the airport and who have no change at the turn by toll plans or any other God damn place is a toll. Yeah. I'm reading in the paper these comments. Oh, please, do what it takes to eliminate these tolls, it's such a hassle. You know, everywhere else in the, but I'm not everywhere. Michigan, we didn't have tolls on highway, but all over the place they're tolls on I was not like somebody invented that here. And somehow life goes on, you know, because people with a brain AC, it says, exact change. Guess what, if you can read English, maybe they need to have bilingual signs there. Maybe that was it. The numbers of the same in Spanish. Yeah, 25 cents to 25 cents. But exact change is not the same. How about a zactor cambios, that, right? Huh? Come you exact. Get it right. Speak. Tight. Heterone. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, compound 5, 60. On the mobile one on all the, what's the name same as calling you, lady? I don't think I don't know what that's all about. I have no idea. Maybe he's starting to get the nervous. I use from Venezuela, you know them. Here's South Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, one of the such a straight on what's going on with the Kosovo as far as the refugees going to Canada. According to six, ten yesterday when they do the Canadian report. According to six, ten. Yeah, they do it. Oh, my, you have six hands. Yeah, those beautiful bastards, right? They do a Canadian report at about 12 o'clock every day. So, you know, our Canadian friends that are down here. Right. And they actually said that most of the refugees would be going to Toronto. There's apparently some big military base in the Toronto area. Really? And right away, Toronto City officials came out and said, we're going to need help from the government because the city of Toronto doesn't have the money. We're broke. Right. Believe it or not, now last minute, you've got a great sense of humor, by the way. The mayor of Toronto. Yeah. I remember when it snowed back in December, snowed two inches and they called out the National Guard. And all the two, that was good. No one else. Well, they said without a doubt, you know, they expect at least 20% of the refugees will apply for refugee status and want to stay in Canada. Yeah. And of course, this could go on for Hano's how long. So it could be even longer. Well, send them to Montreal. That's that would serve them, right? There you go. All right. Let them open up some of the Valky's stands. Have a great day, eh? See ya. Yeah. That'll teach those frogs a thing or two. Put the, in fact, I say, kick the frogs out and let the Yugoslavians go in there to Montreal and all the quavec and all the build that place up. And they won't be militant about that language crappier. Probably Boa go home. That's probably what the frogs are already telling them probably will go home. Boa, are they disgusting to French? Jesus Christ. Are they disgusting or what? Yeah. Man, you can smell them a mile away. Hey, stupid. Ah, I'm 12th or three. I'm choking on this island. Ah, on a Greek. All right. I hate to break the news to a joke and then if you out there, okay, the QA in van. You were mobbed when you got there. We already had our people waiting there for it for the stuff that they wanted. We could stay there from now until seven years from Dale Earnhardt's next birthday. And the fact is that people are going to come because they don't want the QMK chains. They don't want those stupid ugly bumpers that you're the same made. And they especially don't want tickets for the auto racing crap, okay? With all the respect to Joe Joey, who's a great guy. But I hate to break the news to you. They have no interest whatsoever. Do they? No. No. None. Okay. I mean, this is such a great sports town. I get the, I mean, that call before I got with a hockey in the ties in the overtime. That should make the Guinness Booker records, okay? There would be people depending on what part of the world that they heard that phone call that would jump off the tallest building here in that crap. Daddy, it's a lot. Unforced, cranial, toxic, thick, and completely. They don't want the auto tickets guys. Sure, Ron. Go home. Time to use the St. Jo wrapping with our, and now they're calling it, rope-layer cards. All through to the loo, take it time for a change. The new rules are, you have to show up in your under way. And no one ugly is allowed in there, so you'll have lots of fun. Checking out, so fun. Find the first line in sound, so I can get my eye kicked up. When the game is over, hey, guys, like I grew to the loo, it's back around. Over my bulging mouth. Now you can see a lot more out of the gates. Since everybody is addressed to the same, and you can look around. To see what hang is down. This is our dice out. I never realized that the good of a fail, being flat. If I jack you, that's a flip-off, the old sister, rather than his son. And now it's easy, hard. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a smoothest, it's a son that's blonde, man. I started on this thing, but I'm gonna go back on it all the way along. You jack that, I will. I'm gonna go back on it, but I'll go back on it. Well, I'll go back. For sure. I ain't an aint it's up a lot, but I'll say. And it's a new team that got underwear, man. Which is fair, I'd love to own up above. At their kind of love, I never realized that the good of a fail, being flat. And my job is at the football field, the Robbie and Tom. And now it's B-C. It's a P-C part. And it's B-C part. So pretty, three or five, 60 WC. My thought to market was going to go with, like, up to 10,000 and 20 or something like that. Early and now it's not doing too great. What the hell's going on? They had, oh, the Dow's up 20. It's 99, 84. Then as next, I'm 26, drive, damn it. Come on, go out there and buy some more of that text up, okay? Buy more Yahoo. Are you Yahoo's out there? I just don't get it. I do not get it. That's what we need to somebody call us in with one of those IPOs, which we have eight Minutes in coming out every week. The initial public cubic offerings. You know, they open up at eight, 12, whatever they are. That's going to go up to about 200. All we want is one. That's all. That's going to go up to about 200 in about three weeks. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the mobile one. I mean, they really think that people were going to come out there for those auto-ticket. No. Don't they get it? I hate to break the news to you. That's not a sport. I know that shocks the living crap out of you. It's not a sport. It's a sport like golf is a sport. Oakland Park. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Do you think the Panthers next year will have a better chance when they move the grief out. A little bit. I guess that's what they're going to do. They already did that. What they're going to move it out some more. No. Where it all? No. What do you mean they're going to move it out some more? They're going to move it out of another couple. What? What does that have to do with the Panthers? And square it off. What does that have to do with the Panthers having a better chance? All that give them a little more time to do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You need a little more time, sir. Do you get it? You're brain-growing breeze. What are you talking about? Well, the Panthers have a better chance if they move the crease on a little bit. I think you need to get the crease out of your spectrum. What you need, sir? Maniacs. Luminating. Stop with your make believe hockey talk, okay? We already have taken a survey. It's unanimous. You know nothing about it. So leave it at there instead of making it worse. Yeah. When they're going to start at that overtime, you know, they did that for the war. Well, now, if he talking about the Civil War or the War war, this guy. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. See, if this were a sports town. That would be a hot topic of discussion. You got the Panthers, the heat and the Marlins all playing on the same night. You know, there've got to be a lot of people out there that have tickets to more than one. They have crossover or at least partial packages. Did it for you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. I brought that up 10 o'clock this morning. Nothing. I had one guy call. He said he's going to the Panther game because he already spent the 112 bucks. And he can't get his money back. And nobody wants to take it. So he's going to show up. I'm going to be there, God damn it. I'll be there with Bells on. Hoping for something. Hopefully we might even score a goal. Come on, Ray. Let's have a pair for Ray. Here's Kindle. Hello. Kindle. Online for again, by the way, George. Okay. You might want to report that to somebody around here that in between their auto racing on a weekend. They might want to check with a phone company that line for us all screwed up. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the mobile one line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, deal. Yes, sir. Yes. I'd like to say that I'm off the channel. So there's a lot for the community in Miami. Uh-huh. Like what? Well, first of all, he said about business called Modtech. That was the first Hispanic company traded in the United States. And it had extremely well and clearly thousands of employees in Miami. Yeah. He also did money to numerous US organizations. Yeah. To help out the poor and elderly. And just for that, he should have his name put in, you know, in Miami. Everybody should have a name a street name back to the map. If not, there's plenty of Jewish people in Miami. Be sure to have their names up. I'm flybolic just for putting a railroad put his name up. You mean like Arthur Goppy Road? Correct. He was Jewish. Well, not Arthur Goppy. You have holes and you have a bunch of others. And you know, what? How are we, how are we to Spanish? What do you mean is this? How come we have to keep naming street after people? What is that all about? Other than political, you know, but the single outer Hispanic is not fair. And I'd like to say that Georgia is a grace to his race. Okay. You're a disgrace to your race. Okay. What do you mean like the human race? See, this again goes with the assholes out there that want to label yourself. And I can't, I have no stomach for it. Especially after a nice little lunch here. I have no stomach for it. I'm sick of it. Professional Cuban, professional Jewish, professional spares. Professional, professional polls. Whatever the hell they are. It's pointless. You know, like a real city. There's Main Street, First Street, Broadway, Second Street. You know, whatever it is, Elm Street, Schwartz throughout the Missouri. Not Schwartz Street. Take that back. Schwartz Street, no, not Schwartz Street either. You're at a straight to your race. Okay. The Cubans have tossed you out George officially. They did it a long time ago. Yeah, he's from Venezuela anyway. So you don't believe that he's Cuban. He's from the same place as the same. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a mobile one line. That was a shot. Here's Miramar, hello. Miramar. Miramar. Yes. I'm glad to hear you feeling better, Neil. I want to just do some fasting. Well, by the way, I lived there for a long time. I ran out of there. Yeah. That's the time when Mayor Bennett was running that place. What was that, 18-lar? I think it's probably. I said how many years ago was that? 23 years ago. Okay. I ran out of that place. Like Grant took Richmond. Right. They came in. Mayor Bennett was there. They were there. They came in and out of the way. They went back to take higher lea back for the US when that day. They were mostly American parents and people. They brought everything they came with. They brought their back. They took the whole got their place over. Let's forget about them. These Canadian connox, we back. They oughta wrapped it. They say they owned this goddamn country. I would, Miramar. They'd be chosen everything. They said it's been millions of dollars there for a lap. They were working under the goddamn hat down here. They were working for guys that fixed it up houses. But only these mobile homes, these goddamn railroads are making them work. They're very good building places. And they paid them under the hat. Only got their flea markets. They were working for these goddamn people. They're under the hat. Because they need a lot of French people to talk. And they spent millions. That's for a crack. They should block their needs to know practically how a good day. Okay. Oh, right. There we go. We're getting some great calls today. Thank God. The best. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the mobile one line. Can't we all just get long? That's my question. Can't we all just get long? Kick the frog shots. Kick the militant spit shot. And let's just all get long. Kick all the derelict shot. And of course, we wouldn't have much left. Well, be nice driving on the highway. We get all the derelict out of this town. And all those great criminal athletes that dandelive answered like so much so by the way. I still think that's a great idea. Let's have try out camp. But every prisoner, uh, thanks to place the gangstead trials. Dan can be in charge. You can bring the stopwatch in the tape measure. You get bush. I got the move. No. There's a video. Just for adults. Cherry Springer says I've got to get these guys on my show. See, I'll one big fat captain. Wearing an ugly blue suit. Gets down the pants of Mr. Green Jean. And wait till you see what he does with dancing there. Grandfather clock can't keep his hands off of Mr. Moes. And watch bunny rabbit get himself a little cotton tail. And when the balls fall on these guys faces, they love it. Captain Kangus grew. Now, I'm video through the home of Shabby Network. Captain Kangus grew. Now, I'm video. 143 at 560 WCM. Judd refuses to set bail for pill mill physician. A cruel spring physician is accused of pulling in so much cash from prescribing more than a minute addictive pills per year that she's in risk of fleeing the country was denied bail on Tuesday. Dr. Barbara Moesella charged patients $100 each to write out tens of thousands of prescriptions for our colleagues in Barbittorwoods. But as only $2,000 in her office account, federal prosecutors told federal magistrate Lorano Snowy yesterday. Snow ordered an interesting name, too, by the way. Snow ordered Moesella a 61 year old grandmother to stay in federal lockup in Miami until her trial on charges of unlawful drug distribution, healthcare fraud and false medical billings. Several of Moesella's four children, patients broke down in tears. I don't know where all that cash is going, but it's a lot of cash, no said. The fact that she has some legitimate patients doesn't change the fact that she's an accused drug dealer. Acused their parentheses. Federal of course federal officials arrested Moesella on Thursday and said eight of her patients died from overdoses or suicide. Oh, they're investigating at least two dozen other deaths. Prosecutors played a seek a sentence of 20 years to life, a system U.S. attorney Robert Nicholson said. Moesella prescribed massive quantities of addictive drugs to patients, including some or convicted drug dealers, some who are arrested for reselling them, and some using other people's name as prosecutors say. Moesella also treated legitimate patients authorities said some of the back injuries aid in cancer who required strong doses of drugs to dull their pain. The doctor had $3,000 cash when she was arrested last week, and $4,000 when she was arrested for driving under the influence in February according to federal agents. Moesella's lawyer Jeff Harris said she often makes large cash deposits from her family business and cruel springs, docs RX-Tavron. But he said it's ridiculous to think that Dr. Wood Fleeor is a danger to the community as prosecutors contended. If she were granted bail her a city with surrender her medical license and stop seeing patients, we'll be due. Some of her patients came to court prepared to testify that Moesella was the only doctor around willing to give them enough drugs to crawl their chronic pain. Dr. Moesella has a tremendous support base, here I said. I've heard from four or five patients and her family has heard from dozens. But next in with the doctor's fans was Jessica Weener Kachia of Boca, who's father back patient Victor Weener died in September of 1996 from toxic interactions of drugs prescribed by Moesella. When she gets convicted, I'll be on cloud nine coaches said she killed my father. She gave him an up to kilowahorse three times over. On the day Weener died, Moesella gave him prescriptions for an arcox in Barbicowitz, even though Kachia warned the doctor that her father was addicted and possibly suicidal according to federal documents. He's is one of the deaths under investigation, along with many, many, many, many others. Prosecutors are still deciding whether the charge of Moesella would responsibly for some of the deaths, Nichols and said, and whether the charge don Arneson, owner of Don's clinic pharmacy, which shared Moesella's office, and filled her prescriptions on a cash basis. How do you like that? Just what I've been telling you, man, killing the public with drugs. When I lived in Boston in the early 60s on Commonwealth Avenue, there was a doctor in the, I will have downstairs in the department, and upstairs in the same building, there was a doctor, a pill doctor. And fedemines, that's when the speed was real big of where the doctor is when that whole scan started. He had people coming there where there was skinnier than current carpenter giving them a barbicowitz, and we used to find all the stuff in the attraction to back of the apartment complex. All the needles and all the crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 10, 5, 60, on a mobile one line. What am I getting excited about? Here's a mobile in Hailea, hello. Fly the bitch. Right. Or just shoot her in the leg. Uh, or just give her an overdose. Exactly. Now I have to disagree with you with that. You said, racing is not a sport. I see. It's some failure to disagree with you. If you've ever been behind a steering wheel for a few hours, you're kind of steering wheel of one. I'm being kind of steering wheel every day. A great one of the cars had a high rate of speed going into turns. And the whole bit, it does wear and tear in your body. So. And I think that, Let me ask you this, suppose they strapped you back of a max truck going high speed around those. That would be wearing tear on your body. Do you have to find a sport? If there's a lot of wear and tear on your body. Now, what does it call golf a sport? Do you have any wear and tear on your body? No, not golf. No. That's what we were. It's competition and racing. You're just competition and cockfighting, too. Does that make it a sport? No. Well, I'll be. You got to get you got to get behind the steering wheel and they have a race car. I don't want to get. I have no desire to get behind the steering wheel of a race car. I get behind the wheel of a beautiful 1990 9core vet, whichever one I choose and I give a day every day of my life. I drive it to the limits ever. I don't have any desire to drive it to a limits. I'm not crazy. I'm not too excited. You don't just because of those limits, doesn't mean it's on a sport. Okay, whatever you say. You want the tickets? No. No. He does not want any race. I don't have any of them. 560, 0560, pound 560. Oh, but it's a bigger spectator. You know something great. That's wonderful. Not interested. I mean, here's the, this goes to show you where this town's head is at. Whether with their heads are at. That's right. It's not even a contest. Talkie is by far into it. And I don't care about television ratings because like I said before, a lot more people even on ice cream than fish food. That still doesn't make it great. It's still sucks. It's still bland and tasteless like baseball. And I got people at the calls that we've had here today, man. I just, they're, they're like for the, you seriously. Get us book records. If they make the crease bigger, we'll let help the panthers. And how about are they ever going to play at the overtime? 560. We got two calls left and the board were dying over here. Now with an hour ten minutes to go, hey, go over. It'll be here from two to six from shuels. Talked baseball, but Josh and Jason 6 to 630. Because we got a kill a half hour in there. Any interest in the baseball? No. And then the Mets and the Marlins again at PPPark on the, on the QAM. And of course, on Waxi will be the Panthers and the Abruns. Because the Panthers always take a back seat. Because that's the way to contract with you, obviously. And I still think I still hope we'll have more people for the hockey game tonight. Then they'll have in PPPark for the Marlin game. I could be wrong, but I don't think so. Second night of the season, no other local sporting event last night and only over 18,000 amounts that's tickets sold and got on those how many people really were there last night for that, for that, trouncing by the Mets. And most of them, Mets fan, by the way. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, and he'll get afternoon. Good evening. You know, speaking about the Hispanic naming of the streets and everything about Florida, I heard something last week on National Public Radio that, thankfully, I was sitting down in the car Drive and what it was unbelievable. A state representative, and I don't know what the person's name is because I was in shock after I heard it. Yeah. Is it a dozing a bill to exempt South Florida truck drivers from being able to read English? Yeah. Because they don't need to read street signs because of the phonetic no left turn and all that kind of stuff. Yeah. So now it's not always when it says on the turnpike change in traffic. In fact, it's exact change. No, no, what it says trucks don't, trucks can't go through the exact change. Trucks have to be in the green things on there and it says so. Oh, yes. How about the signs that say no right turn? Yeah. How about, you know, how about the signs that take away back where you came from, and you're just thinking about those signs. How true. We need more of those. Right. Exactly. Okay. Not to kill your meat is. Okay. That's what they always say to the meter made. Not to kill your meaters. 560, 505, 60, palm 560 on a mobile one line. What a Cory want there. It's still going to sit in the door. Nothing. What does that mean? He didn't want anything. He just wanted to leave my door open so that I'd have to get up and close it. Thanks, Cory. Nice from New York. I've heard of the guys. One of those rude things that they learned that we can't help and so. Still looks pretty good. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. What you were talking about the doctor that a minute ago that given out the bills. Yeah. My wife and I, we live in Carl Springs. And even though we have a million restaurants here, most evening, especially on weekends, when you get to the restaurant, you have to wait an hour or two hours to get in. So we're looking for a plate of eat and we need to go to this stock steakhouse. We figured it's been up there for a couple of years. It's New York. Whatever. Let's go to the fight out. We're not in investigators. We're not anything. We're just regular people. We walk in. My wife takes a look at the place. We take a look at the menu. They have about three quarters of the items that have been scratched out. Like they don't have them. And my wife says, this is a front for something. And she says, let's get out. The hell out of here. And we did. And we wouldn't stay in the place like this. It's obviously a front. And you know, she's making a lot. I mean, I don't have the way to know that you're saying it. I don't even know where the place is. I'm telling you. We're not. We're just regular folks. We walked in. We looked at the place. My wife looks at me. And she says, this is a front for something. We're not eating. Yeah. You just told me that. Yeah. Anyway, that's that. Okay. Well, I'm going to need there. Okay. Thank you. Like I said, he's doing all the talking. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound five, 60 on the mobile one line. Here's Delray B. Chillow. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I'll talk about that. The doctor, doctor, that's. Yeah. Where are all those people going to do that or take it to drugs? From her. There must be hundreds. There will must be sick at the door today. Well, find someplace else. It's very hard. Is it? Yeah. Not easy. Why haven't troubles to there? Oh, me. I'm probably. I'm probably. But first of all, a lot of these people are addicts. They can't find, you know, 12 times the street. They go to these doctors and their wife position. The Christians. Yeah. They're just, well, maybe we can put them on. Maybe we put them on a big 747 and send them to Amsterdam. And all the drug addicts, they take them out of a house. No, they do it. They take them outside of town. And they make sure they have only clean needles. And they deal with it intelligently. Yes. They have it running over a lot of the other. That's what you, that's what you go on in this country. Right. Right. I mean, a lot of these people are suffering out there. I'm, you know, they're busy. They've got a deficiency in their brain. Well, maybe we'll send them to Yugoslavia. 560, 50560, Pont560 on a mobile one line. I mean, God forbid that anybody should get hooked on drugs by doctors, right? That doesn't go on in America. It does. All those good doctors out there. Here's a North Miami. Hello. The Panthers play an extra innings tonight. Yes. Thank you. On waxy. Extra innings. They're playing 15 tonight. I mean, that call from that guy before I'm serious. I'm sitting here trying to absorb it. I'm just talking about the things that he said. God, if stupidity were a commodity that we could market and make money from, we could work another couple of days and get out of here. I mean, it's just amazing. And I'm just talking about inside the building. Forget about the colors. 560, 50560, Pont560 on a mobile one line. We're never going to make it till two today boys and girls get that music ready. Get it ready, white boy. Because it's getting really, really grim. 255, QAM when you're ready to buy it. And by the way, you know, John penis seriously. You're always said you were pretty good guy. I always defended those who not you. But lately, man, what you've done to me, I wouldn't do to eight off Hitler. I wouldn't do with eight off tenderizer. I wouldn't do it. He's just abandoned this show is what he's done. He's just basically abandoned us and we have nothing. And that screw-ins got the hoods, but I walk up here this while everything okay. You're getting into those Steve bags sheets and cops. Of course not. You know that. We're getting the squad. We're getting the head. We're getting jogged. So bright. It's the one to two hours. The old bag. Big sunshakes. Big ears. Oh, oh. Sex is different today. I hear every drug is safe. That he needs something today to get it up. I'm safe. And though I'm not really ill, there's our null firecrack hill. And as soon as daddy takes one, there's no need for mom to fake one. And it gets me on the ball. It gets me standing straight and tall. Not a please. Someone's on the right. Not a please. Someone's on the right. I want to score. I need for mom. They all bag. Big sunshakes. Big ears. Oh. And it's Adam's dad and Clos. What we like and what we do. They just don't agree to aid our women's needs. Your show heart through shutters by. It's the last to watch his show. We're all running for the shelter of the father's little help behind them. So there's every night. Be a bonus though. Yeah, right. Dr. Please. More potency. Come back today. See what's me there. We all bag. Big sunshakes. Ten years old. I want to know. He's fine. What? I can't hear you. I can't hear you. Oh, you're a monkey woman. It's the 101 and the 170 WQ. I'm welcome to our big 102 hour. You're almost smelly. Can't check. Can't. 560, 560, 560, 560, 880. I continue right now. Okay. And this is not a not exaggerating. I don't care what happens on the sports nerd shows. I'm telling you this beyond a shadow of a doubt. Since this is the show with the big audience. Okay. Now these other make believe shows like that morning show. There is absolutely no interest. None. There will be bodies and seats because they're already paid for. But in terms of real interest, there is no interest in the panther game and the heat game in the Marlins game in any of these things. None. The most accurate call we had was very early when a guy called the city is already paid for those Panthers to get for the Boons game tonight. And he can't get anybody to buy the tickets and he's out 112 bucks or whatever it is. And so he's going to go. There was an honest caller. No interest. Here's a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Yes sir. Are you going to Yankee tickets? Yeah. What can we do for us? Is that it? That you're matura? That a medley you're matura? Yeah. That's a medley. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 580, 1060, 1060. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. I just thought this was serious. You're not racing thing. I think it's not in the right. The greatest killer racing thing. Yeah. They call it a sport. Not in the sport. I mean it's guy before it's sunny. Oh, don't you want to drive the cars to its fastest and the first time. I'm not crazy. I'm not suicidal. I got a car. We're 160, 5 miles an hour. Do I want to drive 100? Why do I need to drive 155 miles an hour? To prove how manly I am. That's what it's all about. It's like mine is bigger than yours. My car is faster than yours. Who the hell cares? What does that make them? I don't get it. I have a visitor web page to do that. Yes, you're right. It is. It looks 24 hours a day now. There you go. Pretty nice. Actually over here. You're sure it's pretty soon. The teacher is pretty slow. It's look like the been sold out. You're going to get the new one's pretty soon. Oh, we don't push it now. Don't push it into hard man. We can't afford it in the budget over here. Can I call someone to do spare? Yes sir. Yeah. Okay. Have a great life out. Say how to the beastly. By the way, Tom will learn to take a few bucks and turn him loose. And we can actually buy some t-shirts or have some promotion going on over here. Instead of that stupid ad in the Marlins. Oh boy. The opening day program. That's just Neil Rogers with a D. Who's with a D? I think that D stands for dumb as in Sam from Venezuela. Put him out of an animal and send him back to Karakas with a banjo on his. Back to him. Yeah. Which basically is any part of him that you want. I mean, you know, this is what happens when you put up puts. Who's like kind of a stepchild of the family. You put him in charge of your promotions. And our fate is hanging in the balance of this puts. That's what happened. So you make do the best you can. You sit there with your lousy, you know, 15 sure and men or whatever you got. I mean, that's the amazing part. I mean, even when a full book comes up, I guarantee that bald head to the little Tom jica. If I get a 30 sure in the expo, he still won't write about it because I don't go to the track anymore. Okay. I don't hang around with him in the Kaplan and all his raised track buddies. Sorry Tom. Because when it comes to the people that really know something about journalism and about broadcasting in this market, you're out Tom. You're yesterday's news. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello. Hi Neil. Great show. Yes it is. I just want to comment on the horror. I'm going to take all the time you want. Let's hear it. He was still alive. He would be indicted because the only reason they stopped the whole inquiry on the Cuban American National Foundation, which Cuban mafia is because he was on his desk bed. But if you still live right now, he pulled a mile away. That's right. Exactly. And I feel like movie I live on this game, but I feel like moving. I mean, I don't know what's wrong with this game Boulevard. In other words, if part of this game Boulevard can be this game Boulevard, why can't all of this game? It's probably the best known street of anywhere in South Florida. Everybody knows this game Boulevard. Okay. Everybody knows the name of that goddamn street. Okay. The, the, the, the, the Boulevard of Broken Dreams. You know, I mean, I can, the memories I got a biscuit Boulevard from years ago, cruising up and down, biscuit Boulevard. I could write a book just about that. That before we hit all this disease and crime. But nevertheless, this game Boulevard, everybody knows. And we got to take a little strip because we got to do a political thing there. Roberto Cossas and some other Julio, some professional spicked with a hyphenated last name. The ads, ball art, which are eight million of them in that family, by the way. And what I'm the TV is off of there. Thank God. Anyway, why do we just take a name of every street in the county and make it into some Julio name. Okay. And auto racing suck. God bless you, sir. Wow. There you go. Even Jason said auto racing sucks. He said this for panties. That's right. He's not in his head. He knows. He knows a real sport when you see his one. Well, thank you. The Shawshank Redemption. Thank you very much. With Tim Robbins and that sports are Morgan Freeman. Now, there's not a whole bunch of shfartes in this. I don't want to know easily when. Oh, good. That's enough. One token is okay. I don't like, well, like my mother goes to with my aunt to see because they're bored. You know, on a weekend and every now and then, we went to see that spike lead movie. Spike lead movie. How are we saying? Why did you mention your complaints about it? How terrible was. I said, what was the problem? Was it all there was nothing much far to's in there? What did you expect? White people in a Spike lead movie? What's wrong with you, honey? God, she's losing it. Thanks, Jason. See there are some good things happening here. I get my own copy of Shawshank Redemption. So it's a good thing. I'll bring it back. I'll bring it back. I'll bring it back. Okay. Believe me. I'm going to tell you. I'll watch this before I watch that thing. Booker Brian keeps trying to tell me. What's the name of that series? I need to be able to, that Mafia thing, the spread of the spread of the spread of the spread of. Everything is take like I want to watch it. I watched the first five or ten minutes of it and I can't get into it. I'm not interested just because the Godfather was great and what's the part of time in America and I'm into that kind of stuff. It's a crap. Is what it is. Oh, no. You don't know what you're saying. I don't like it. Okay. I don't like it. I don't want Booker Brian to feel Brad. I love him. He's great. I don't like that one. I also said he's great. He's a genius. I mean, a co-servo. But it's already been ripped off by everybody on here in his town and 45 other markets all around the country. That's Booker Brian. He's a genius. But sometimes bad taste. Just like moving Rick Riley's lawn. Here's Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, first time all time. All right. All right. You know, the fact that it's Dr. Tink? Yes. Yeah. I was a... I was covering attic. I was a doctor and I saw him, you know, had a little abscess on hand. How to get taken out? Get a little abscess on your wife? On the hand? On the hand? The other way around the end? Yeah. And more or not that end. Okay. Anyway. I'm telling you guys, I could be the son of a little bit. You got right to me. 60. Very strong. Pain medications. And I said, wait a minute. I don't need those. You're going to need them. You're going to need them. You're going to need, you know, he keeps eating. He's like, tell me. Right. I'm going to need them. Oh, you'll need them, yeah. It's just crazy. It's insane. All right. Yeah. It's just, uh, so you're going to leave us the number? Huh? Yeah. Uh huh. Bors falls. Is that a hospital? Yeah. They're the worst. Do you know how many people get killed with drugs in hospitals? Oh, man. They're dying like flies. I'm believe it. That's right. All right. Adam and Sarah. Okay. Good luck to you, Sarah. And don't take any wooden pills. You're killing the public with pills all you pill pushes out there. I'm so glad this story came to light. Prescription drugs with all their gross test side effects. And maybe if you got a big magnifying glass, and you're lucky enough to get your hands on the, on the package insert, which most people don't. Maybe you just might get warned that it's going to cause abdominal cramps and nausea and vomiting and puking and kidney damage and liver damage and your kidneys will fall out and maybe sudden death. But other than that, it's good stuff. And Pfizer's going up and what and Marcus going up and all these other, see everything comes back to money. We all know that. So when it's your own health, don't get sucked in. I mean, if your own health doesn't matter to you, then fine. Be part of the money game. Okay. Be another pawn in their little game. Why do I need to get some saluted mind for us? I want to go out and buy some Eli Lilly stock. I think they got to put that stuff back out again. I think they are. What's wrong with 10 hitted babies? You know, that old sink 10 hits are better than one. That always supplies, but not in the glory hole thing though. It's kind of crowded. Oh, God, Leo. I'll be able to see the man out of charcoal bills. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. You sure don't say I'm so with those damn to make the order to go. Three strippins with a bag as it gets into his car. He beats while sitting in traffic for dozen gets to fall. Take some sense of his mom in hopes that it will last. Just then you really might know what it's like you get paid for death. Then you really might know what it's like. What it's like, What a fly, what a fly. Then you really, my no, what a fly, what a fly. They really, my no, what a fly. One 16 at 5.50, WQM, we got the Humphor Hank Goldberg into a clock from Shulas. Six o'clock, we got, oh, we got a Jackson Jason from 6 to 6.30. They work real cheap and they're just delighted to be on the airplane radio for half an hour. And then 6.30 to 7, we got the Marlon Pre-Game Show in which there is absolutely no interest at only the third game of the season. And you turn interest is already wane, so to speak. And then we got the a Panther game, which we have to stick on a Waxi 790 because we realize nobody's listening to that and who the hell can blame them at this point. So that's the agenda. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale, hello. Hey, you, yes, sir. I want to ask your opinion. I mean, last year, when the Panther's weren't playing that great, they got rid of dogma playing. And now they're having fun watching improvement. So the other one's like they're getting rid of Murray. So you think I have a lot of information? What do you mean, does it look like? What do you mean it doesn't look like? How do you know they're not going to get rid of him? Oh, I mean, there haven't been any, haven't talked about that all. How do I mean, I'm talking about it every day. Hello. I mean, you think I have anything to do with him being brothers? Well, what do you think? What do you think, sir? You think that they might have a little influence over the fact that the brothers means you've one of them goes, they've both got to go. That's the good news. Would they be doing better with dogma playing? No. This team has never had a good coach from the day one. It's never had a good coach. And good luck to us, sir. OK, that was the end of that discussion. See, I hate to break the news to you, but there are more people in the world besides dogma playing. And he's not coming back. He's in Columbus with a straight jacket, getting paid for sitting on his ass and making dumb jokes on CBC. These people that want to go back, OK, you can't go back. This team has never, ever had a good coach. 5, 6, 7. I mean, because they got hot for a couple of months, they're all of a sudden, I mean, he was a good guy. I like Doug. We got along fine. He was a good, had a good sense of humor. Maybe too good. But he wasn't a good coach. He was a bad judge of talent and a hard ass. But this guy, you know, and all yesterday they had the big meeting and they evaluated the player. Again, he's like running a kindergarten over there. You know, that's basically why the level of Terry Marie is on. He has shown me absolutely positively nothing. And even before the injuries, this guy couldn't motivate a team to get up for a big game. I mean, we've seen them play above their ability many, many times. And rise up to the occasion, but he hasn't been able to do it. And I told you, I was the one on this station and the one on the universe that told you, way back in the beginning of the year when he started with his kindergarten tactics, I said, these guys will not play for Terry Marie. You mark my words that they play for him. No, they did not. Whether it's his fault or not, he couldn't motivate him to play for him. Okay. So that I think answers the question. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T Wallace line. Here's South Miami. Hello. I know. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I'll be at the game tonight. Not what's game. Oh, the the Panther game. Okay. Haven't heard from anybody that's going to the heat game or anybody going to the Marlin game. Now, one person is called this show. We've been on for three hours, 19 minutes and seven seconds. Now, one person is called this show to say, oh, guess what? We're going to the heat game. Or we're going to the Marlin game. We're, uh, I agree. You couldn't tell me you'd take me to go to one of those two. Right. But I'm going to struggle this through this game tonight. This is a little change of pace. You used the expression the guy went to eyes. Yeah. I've always wondered, what is the cock-eyed bug-eyed. These are really cool. Well, I understood that. But he just has these. He's just a big guy that looks like Frankenstein on non-drop. He's a real glassy eyes. You'd have to see it to really appreciate it. This is the expression I crack up every time. The guy with the eyes. Well, believe me, if you saw him, you know exactly what I'm talking. That's like Gilbert. You hear the laugh and that's all you need to know. I think Gilbert and he, he fits in. What you see is what you get. Absolutely. Okay, Neil. I'll see you tonight. Appreciate it. All right. You and I will be there. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line. Who's the asmist? How you could cut it with a butter knife. You can feel it. You can smell it. You want to bring back Doug McClain? No. How about Danny McClain? No. How about Shirley McClain? At least you might have some sucky abilities to know what to do out there. Mediaquity. Why is it that? On the only one this time? How about naming some names? I mean, instead of repeating the same boring 20 minutes on a morning show this morning, I loved hearing Ray Whitney on there. I get he rotto when he heard Ray Whitney's voice. There's a little guy goes out there. He's been, he only scored a couple of goals in the last week. He's been that talent off a little bit, but everybody goes through their slump. But he's leading the team in goals in assist, in points, in game winning goals. He's done his job in and some. And if you're able to go to the audience that it's 24 goals, what do you have about 44 by now? You can take that to the bank. But they get that one of that interview and here comes the same 20 minutes I heard yesterday. But I mean, by the book, I'm going to stop beating around a bush. You'll push these on at a morning show. Start naming some names of the guys who don't belong on his team. Like, yeah, oh, well, they're going to unload some guys. I'm going to unload some machoness from you. You'll push these around his place. That'll be the name of this station. Pussy galore from the program directed the morning guys. A bunch of pussy pussy. Pussy. Is what we got. Name some names. Kirk Mueller. Kirk McLean all the way. Did play good the other night, but I mean, that's not our future. Believe me for a back. Well, I don't know. Can't play in the goal tenning this year. Birkin Kirk. They've been a lot better than we could have ever expected to be honest with you. I'm playing at that one disaster up there in Vancouver. Maybe he was, you know, Mac and the Vancouver water again up there. I have no idea what to do. It was up there. But that's not the problem. But how about naming some names instead of just generalizing everybody. It was the stiff star on this team. It's no secret. Like number 44. But now, you know, this money call probably won't be there. Here's Miami. Hello. And I guess that I knew they'd be there. Yeah. I got an idea how to resolve this close of a problem. Get the slow but darn Milo's of the power. Is that we send them up the cart over there. Yeah. And I have a might of nardical newspapers. Right? I read that article today. What I'm believing. Isn't that crazy in other words? I mean, the one guy he's talking about these gangsters and alleged gangsters. And this guy's got a track record is he's got a rap sheet as long as this guy's ass. And he's well, but they've got a ability. I guarantee this plenty of guys in this slam or got athletic ability. We let them all out. Is that the idea, Dan? Is that what you're trying to say? You've been in a boat mentality, Jack asked? Well, at the top of the dude's got Tim and signed 20 more. We're good. They're going to do it. They're going to be in jail. How about we bring back Mark Duper in there? And then the Irving Spice. Let's sign up. I'll be out some day. Sign him up again. Yeah. So I know all the gangsters. And find me Humphrey. He can make sure those truck lines disappear real quick. Well, so I'm Brian Blades is a free age. All right. There you go. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. That lebotard. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You said you're full of blood, Dan, and he's right. Thank you, sir. You're at a disgrace to this community, Mr. Lobassad, and you're a sports writer. Look, I'm a goddamn rocket scientist. Like my miniature picture is going to be performing open heart surgery at Jackson Memorial Hospital of 430 this afternoon. And you should only be the patient, Dan. And idiot. God, almighty. The way it's good space and supposedly a major market newspaper. And then you pick up a real paper like the Toronto son or like any real newspaper. And in like in a real city. And you read stuff that's worthwhile reading whether you agree or disagree, but at least it makes them sense. There's some foundation for the basis of the opinion that's expressed. Then we got Dave Hyde, who writes saying a lot of words on a page and doesn't say anything over and over again. And Dave Joseph who keeps restating the obvious. We already know he's a bitter angry young man. 560, 5060, palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line. North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes. I didn't know they did that. The pill part I knew. I didn't know they prescribed that too. Well that's the way people talk. Okay. Don't blame this pump for the blurting it out. They just squirted it out. Squirted out. Yeah. That's just the way real people talk. But unfortunately because this is repressive US away. We can't say those things on the earth sir. We can't say all of these things. Because the government, the word police, in real real upset. They get psychotic. You can take one. You just can't say it. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you flip over real mob hits. Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music. But you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits. Like look at the ice pick, the armour. Getting here is at the hundred and six street Bobby shock. Forget about it. Or who can forget, Sally the fish, getting Neil Piano wire across the throat. It's crock. It's crock. If I remember correctly, it was a beast left. So what a real mob hits now. If you know what's good for you. Just by dialing one 800 by the being. Real mob hits. Hey, it's real. Forget about it. You know what we got to send that to? Tom's cold. Yeah, he didn't enjoy it. 130 at 560 WQM on a really bizarre day. We've had some calls today. I mean, you couldn't buy for $50 billion cash. I'll tell you that right now. My very favorite though, being the guy with the hockey overtime. He was the best. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Hi, hey, how are you? Okay, sir. Great. Just want the touch base here. I've got a lot of information earlier that you're concerned about the coach of the Panthers. What do you mean? Well, just to the level of coaching that he has, it's just not right for the team right now, who out there would you consider to be a coach for this team? Because you know, coaching is, you know, you can't just take any coaching. Find the best you can expect the team to win. Yeah. You've got different levels of coaches out there. You need to find a coach that can work with the team that he has right now. Yeah. The team's out there like, well, what do you mean? We'll see that again. Well, yes, you see teams up there like Pittsburgh right now with coaching problems. And this or has a coaching problem? Oh, you didn't hear Yama Yaga complain about sir. I hate to break the list of your Kevin Constantine will get a lot of votes. He won't win if he'll get a lot of votes for the coach of the year award. He's done a spectacular job. He's had problems with the younger from way back in the beginning of the year. When Yama Yaga said he would never play for him. This is like a little game that they had back and forth to do them. Kevin Constantine is then a spectacular job in Pittsburgh. I don't know what's talking about. I'm not saying he's a bad coach. But that's a go back to what you just said, who can coach this team? No one can coach this team and go anywhere with it because it's a team lacking in talent. This team needs a general manager that's going to go out there and not just pin all our hopes on one guy. I mean, Bray was a great acquisition. The whole deal all the way around was great. But the fact is that the supporting cast blows. They've got to be a lot of moves made and just trading a guy you didn't want. You know, in a person of right Warner for Mike Wilson and at the training deadline, while all the other teams are making important moves and acquiring, you know, really talented people that didn't change anything. Because the general manager and his brother have both got to go. Where you got dead would have the team. Lindsay, wow. I mean, you got to go. I mean, I did. What's your good idea here? You know, nothing. You know, absolutely nothing. Nothing. Less than nothing. Air peace of your conversation. Peace by peace. Part by part indicates to me your own panterfan. You know nothing about the game. Zero. 560, 560, 560 on the 18. And the guys that go out there and bust their ass like laws in Lindsay and Melonby. These are the guys that the so-called fans here don't like. The guys like Chris Wells, the guys like Robby. The guys like Kurt Muller who's been finished and watched up for three years. Wow. Well, we didn't know about them. I do get rid of them. Say goodbye. Pack them up. I'm not sure if they're going to be able to get a sandwich. Not personal. It's business. God. And you wonder how we're going to get. We only got a handful of games left. And you wonder how we're going to go through an 82 games season. 41 home games. And not be able to see the red light come on with a goal of score. You wonder why? That's why. They don't not only don't take care. They don't even know. Here's a lady in Boker. Hello. Yes, man. Oh, you know this is your dotted mirror again. I'm not going about talking to anything else. Good. Do you remember? Do you remember? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nothing about it. Do you remember? I promised you a list of good restaurants and Amsterdam. Yes? Well, I have to list here. Can I give it to you at the game tonight? Sure. I'll be there. You know where I should? Yes, I don't know where you should. I'll be there. Okay. I'll see you then. I'll see you then. I'll see you then. I'll see you later. Those are people that know what life is all about. Oh, here's an ice song. We hate you, Tori. Oh, yes, we do. This is cute. We hate you. We went. That's true. Your hokey poke he is old. Not. No, this is kind of cute. We have a Boker Brian record. Or maybe we can get the what's your name to do with for us. What's your name? The she back in town or she's still up there in Nashville. She's taking her fortune. Joel Lynn. You know, we love her. Oh, yeah, I haven't heard from her. She must be still up there next. I'll make a lot of money. She probably forgot about us. We love you, Panthers. You really blow. Yeah, remember that song? See, the people in this town even know who the good players are and who the deadwood is out there. You know, they like the big black guy named Peter is what they like. Come on, let's have another fight. Let's get another stupid penalty. Come on, let's go. I mean, just watching there behavior. Watching their hysteria over this much a do about nothing. That tells you all you need to know. Topless. But they keep showing up. That's amazing part. There are asses in those seats. Here's West Palm Beach, Chilo. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing about great. Lynn, the lot. Yeah. What is that guy? That was the other stuff he said was so ludicrous anyway. But at that point, I mean, what's the point? Unbelievable. He said I'm concerned about the coaching. I'm not concerned about it. It sucks. Get rid of these two guys. Yeah. I think we need some new blood in this organization. Yes, sir. Definitely. And you're pissed off about it. I'm glad. I'm pissed off and fired up about it. That's right. Yep. Well, they're playing with the sense of urgency as a rim job. Oh, yeah. With the sense of urgency for getting the season over. I asked the other day how he thought that they've been playing this last week. You know, all these games that they were supposed to win. That the chance for the playoffs, he said. They stopped. Yeah. I think we need to get rid of him. Top, not. Well, you don't start with the rim. I don't have to rough life. You know, he's a job. He does. How about the last time? Don't be in that. Now that I'm finally getting some females out of him. Don't start cutting off the meal tickets, sir. Darker, law must go. He must go. He immediately, if not sooner. Good bye, Johan. We love you. You're a good guy. You never stole a freight train. Good bye. Yep. Good bye, Johan. Good bye, Robbie. Exactly. Good bye, Peter. Crazy. Good bye, Chrissy. She's just because of guy big. People think he did. Well, you talk about a coach. He played Chris Wells and that this is before all the injuries. And that I learned game last week. He played Chris Wells almost the entire second period. It was like an endurance contest to see how long before the kick. It would fall down on his ass. I mean, Terry Murray has displayed to me a glaring, a gaping lack of any kind of common sense. In anything related with coaching, I haven't seen any coaching. And the best example of that, the beginning of the end for this team. They were fumbling their way along for a while. But that Colorado game, blowing a five nothing lead, late in the second period. And as the whole team was crumbling, when they found out that Pavelle Bray was re-indred, wasn't coming back. And the team said, I don't care what anybody tells you. They've got me on the team just folded up their tent at that point. Instead of calling a time out somewhere and saying, hey, guys, we still got a two or three goal lead here. He just stands there with his armistory, like somebody just farted in his face. And that's it. And watch his the game far away. I've got Terry. That was some great coaching sweetheart. That was pathetic. That was pathetic. That was a good coaching not to put Whitney on the power plane. Right. Don't that's right. What are you going to do? Well, we like seeing Victor skate those big loop deloops. You know, at least we won't see him tonight. He's not feeling through this. Yeah. All right, Neil. Good luck to us, sir. Thank you. God bless us all. Like Tony Tim said, let's sign Tiny Tim. I've let stick his ass out there in a second line instead of the big luck I name Peter. I don't want to see guys that can win fights. I want to see guys that can stick the biscuit and the basket. Even little tie. Don't miss that eight goals for at least this year. Okay. Guys that have actual skills. Besides just going out there and doing the cool, the a green routine. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. If you use a cell phone and by the way, John Pena's man, I've turned 180 degrees on you, John. He used to think that you were a real guy. You've just, you just abandoned me like a stepchild like being set on a corner somewhere. Like that story I was reading here about Curtis Joseph when he was a kid. A doctor growing up with 500 average in East or whatever it was. That's what John Pena's is done to me into this show. Just abandoned left us in the lurch. How's lurch doing by the way? Speaking of the guy with the eyes. Fuck it in and hold it. He'd had a lot of supremacists. You know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down and all those great websites. We've become accustomed to. Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on. So now at the time, join the Nazi of the Montes Club. We're just eight, nine and out of month. You get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past or present. The particular group, he hates and any subversive activity they may be planned. So no matter what the race will live in an ethnic group, you hate Nazi as a month is right up your alley. Just call 1800, CNN to order. Order today and get your very own synthetic anophmastas to impress your friends. Absolutely free. That's 1800, pinhead ordered today. It's 142 at 560 WKM. I guess the Josh Reven doesn't believe. I'm really screened. That we've been saying about him because he just came in and asked me some silly hockey question. I write in the middle of the conversation. There was so embarrassing. God. Anyway, I almost forgot about this talking about embarrassing. It's not bad enough they're naming streets after the assholes like Jorge Mascanoza. All this ethnic stuff. See you Josh. Not too soon. It's bad to week by the way. That's what I heard. X column this has his day in Hollywood. Wait till you're this. Remember the anxious Ron Ishoye who used to write like a gossip column and used to go around to the colleges and lecturing about broadcasting and the media like he knew something about it. And all of that Neil Rogers is disgusting and I'm going to get him off here. That was like 100 years ago. And I'm still here. X column this has his day in Hollywood. Ron Ishoye. He's an asshole. The Hollywood City Commission has proclaimed today Ron Ishoye day in recognition of the former Harold columnist. How do you like that? Ron Ishoye always illustrated his belief that writing about the community can make it a better place. And is a professional year on list who understands that good newspapering requires intense knowledge of a community. Said the proclamation signed by Mayor Marraguyante who's also in other than it was all upset about the life of the beach teacher. It's on a beach. Offending the old farts in the frogs. After 20 years at the newspaper, Ishoye left the Harold last month to become spokesman for the Broward State attorney's office. He's the spokesman. And he's an asshole. Right. And guess what Ron? I'm still here. And we haven't had a Neil Rogers day yet. And we all have Neil Rogers Avenue. Neil Rogers drive. Neil Rogers Parkway. We won't have Ron Ishoye Avenue. But congratulations to you. Maybe the Mayor, Mayor Marra will want to. And Hollywood, maybe she likes his or something. That's this town for him. And just a bunch of panders and ass suckers and butt likers. Same old tired faces year after year, decade after decade. Same old, polo empty arguments. No speaking English. And you know, all this other crap. No, don't not to spring breakers. We don't want all this saying. And all the old people run the town. Let's have some more banana boat people. And it's a world class city after all, right? Anybody believe it? Right. Here's Hylia. Hello. All right. Need the down. No. Okay. What do you say? What was that? Sunlight French. Oh. Oh. I started with that. Go back to Canada. Okay. Froggy. Now kick your ass out of there too. Pretty soon. They've had it with your crap. 560, 750, 550, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I can make a call. Please. See it. Line 4. It doesn't. Yeah. Line 4. Screwed up. But don't start. I mean, hey, we're almost made it through the show today. We'll make it. 560, 750, 550 on the AT&T line. I mean, if I had to, I'll just spend less 50 minutes again talking about our management and the sales department who have no concept. They just don't speak this language. I'm servicing the accounts, carrying what stuff we put on the air. If the spots are distorted, if the copy is up to date, they don't care about these things. I was telling Julia yesterday, I'm discovering things here after 600 years in the business. I'm discovering things that I never heard of before that I not only never encountered before, but I didn't know could even be possible before. That's how unrelated to Greg Reed family is to the real radio broadcasting world. And he's going to give you a saw events all the top bill of the market. Yeah, they're making all of the, they're the rake and I will say they're making. They're raking all of money through there and they're still losing. They still can't pay their bills because Wayne and John, and we're getting all the money. Are you ready to do that? I'm not losing any money on this show. Here's a mobile and pop in a hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a dish yesterday from Brands Park. I'm ready for the playoffs. I want to see Ray Bork put about $100 in Berks and I. He might. Can I please get the tickets? Do you want tickets? For the hockey game. What do you think it's? The answer is that I gave away two hours ago. Oh, you gave me a letter. Oh, well, at least I got my dish now. Okay, who's number 18 on the bronze? Great work. Is number 18? Yeah, believe so, right? Who's number 77? I'm not a see her. Not coffee is it? No. I'm a bro. I'm not a bro in fan, Neil. I could talk to you about the length though. Well, what are you talking about? Why did you tell me, Ray Bork? What are you, what was that? I just want to see him squaw the panthers. I mean, I'm not a Ray Bork fan. I'm a hockey fan. Yeah. Who's number 18 on the red wins? Not'll be, right? He got some of the letters, right? That was good. How would you pronounce MATM-LTBY? How would you pronounce that? MATLTBY? Malty? Kirk Malty? Good. He got some of the letters, right? So he actually may have seen the name on a uniform. Sometime in his life. That was very good. Number 18 for the bronze, Raymond Bork. Who also were 77? Oh, that's Paul Coffee. That Paul Coffee doesn't play for the bronze. He plays for the Carolina Hurricanes these days. Here's another soft board, a hockey fan. The tickets I gave away two hours ago. You know, I'm glad, or nearly I hate when we give tickets away. I'm so ecstatic. Thank you, Greg. You finally did something that paid off only by accident. This has brought the ignorance out of the closet in this town. I mean, just pouring out, pouring out. Now that you got that discerer, I hope you sit there and watch a lot of games. There's all kinds of games on there night after night after night. It's almost the end of the season, but maybe you know, one of these days. And you watch a whole bunch of different teams. Then you'll learn to recognize the players and know what their names are and what teams they're on. And who's the number this and number that, you know? I mean, not that it's important, but wouldn't you think that if you're like a real fan, you would know at least, I mean, Raymond Bork is number 18. I mean, just from this, this, you should know what's Kyle McLaren and not Raymond Bork. I mean, bearish for you, people. I'm humiliated for me. I'm humiliated and degraded because if people, I mean, the George would agree, if people don't know hockey stuff, that couldn't possibly know anything, even you would agree with that. If you know what's good for you. Oh, yeah. So that car payments looked there and they slipped in that thing. Hockey is God. There you go. And if George says so, it must be dubious and watching it ain't bad either. Yeah, he hates it, but nevertheless. Nobody, I can understand if you know nothing about it, but to call here and tell me he's a fan and he's got his dish and he's all pumped up and fired up and it's a mountain, mountain, mountain, mountain, anyone who you're sitting in there, there's 19,000 bodies in seats, and they haven't got a clue. And you sit there asking yourself, Why are they here? And no one has a clue. Joseph's obsession with hockey.